HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Cluster of lights formed one large object.;1999-12-09 22:00:00;few minutes;Cluster of lights formed one large object. We were driving north to our farm on a dark moonless night. I saw a white smudge in the sky to the northwest more west than north and another almost north. They looked almost alike. When we got home I ran into the house, got the binoculars and ran back out to look at the smudges. The one to the west was a group of round white moonlike objects with fog surrounding them. By this time clouds had moved over the north group. As I watched, all the little moons moved slowly to form one larger moon. The moon was still surrounded by a kind of fog. After a few minutes it all disappeared. I have three drawings I made on my computer.  Additional Information Below:  We live 6 miles north of Rupert, Idaho (50 miles east of Twin Falls, Idaho, southern Idaho USA)  First looked at it through binoculars at about 10:00 p.m.. It was sometime in about 1999.  The only way I can describe smudge is that it looked like a elongated very small chalk line in the sky....not round like a star. The first computer drawing shows both objects. The right group disappeared behind clouds before I got out with the binoculars.  They were like a cluster of white round grapes surrounded by a wisp of fog when I first saw them through the binoculars. Fog was white like a thin cloudy material.  The object was about an inch at arms length with unaided eye.  The computer drawings show about the amount of small round moon-like objects....can't remember counting them but there were many of them...some larger than others.  They didn't move in any way except to very slowly gather into one moon-like object.  My husband and I were the only witnesses on our farm. Didn't hear of any other witnesses.  Weather conditions: clear dark skies and a little cool.  No aircraft seen or heard....no sound.  No beams of light coming from them and no tails or trails.  Drawings made by witness.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 1 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for sharing this report.  PD));42.6888;-113.6481
