Shimmering, iridescent ovoid over Sunland, CA emits brilliant flash and disappears;1975-08-01 04:00:00;10 minutes;Shimmering, iridescent ovoid over Sunland, CA emits brilliant flash and disappears  500 Lights On Object0: Yes This happened to my cousin and his friend when they were both about 15 or 16 and he's only recently mentioned it to me, though it's many years later.  It's a really interesting account though and it should be on your books.  The date is an estimate based on what he told me.  The two of them were in a band as teenagers and often played late into the night at friends' houses.  On that particular night (and date is just an estimate) they were riding their bikes from one house to the other person's house early in the wee hours and they had stopped to take a break, looked up in the sky and saw this big, ovoid shaped thing that was glowing all around, shimmering with an irridescent glow.  They were staring at it for a minute and then one of them said something like &quotyou see that?&quot and the other said &quotyeah - you see it too?&quot as if each one thought they were imagining things.  All of a sudden, the object emits a brilliant flash of light which lights up the whole sky as if it was daylight and disappears.  Then they continued on their way although, when my cousin tells the story, it sounds like they continued on their way without ever talking about it, or like there are gaps in his memory.  After he told me this about a year ago, he ran into the friend again and brought it up.  The friend didn't even remember that they had been together at first (or wasn't sure).  This would be over three decades later, so I was surprised it wasn't something they particularly talked about.  I also should mention Sunland crosses little Tujunga Canyon and River which is not far from Big Tujunga Canyon and Tunjunga CA where there were apparently a number of sitings in the 1970s.  I don't know if he could add anything to the story if you contact him.  I will put my information below if you want more info.;34.2679;-118.3399
