3 Silver shiny looking Saucers/U.F.O.'s!;1989-10-18 21:00:00;1 and half - 2 hours;3 Silver shiny looking Saucers/U.F.O.'s! The next time I began seeing sightings was on, Oct 18, 1989. Where I lived at the time was quiet dark at night because not many lights were around that area. There was a fair going on at the end of a parking light of a Roses Department Store and Tr-City Mall Forest City, N.C., about 4-5 miles away. I saw a light sort of circling around in the sky and though it might have been from the fair, so I stood there to see behind my house on Farmside Drive Forest City, N.C. This object would travel North East to the mall then back South West toward my house in a circling motion. It did this for a good 20-30 minutes. Then there was another object that begin coming right behind that first one as if was following it. Then after about 10-15 more minutes there was the third that joined in. soon they started getting closer and closer. At one point, they got close straight up above me, over my house. The objects seemed to be Space crafts/U.F.O.'s. In the shuffle of watching these objects I sent a family member in the house to get a camera. When this crafts were above my house I took a snap shot of them as they fled away making my photo sort of blury so I decided to trow it away but, should have kept it. I had frightened them when I took the snap shot and they fled off suddenly leaving a light or smokie trail behind that didn't last but seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  One of four, seemingly serious-minded, reports from same witness.  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));35.325;-81.846
1000's of neon  colored U.F.O.'s/Saucers in Sky at once.;1990-10-18 01:00:00;3-4 hours or longer.;1000's of neon  colored U.F.O.'s/Saucers in Sky at once. On October the 18, 1990, My family and I saw some objects/U.F.O.'s in the sky that looked like shiny silver saucers, identical to the ones from the prior year around Oct 18 1989. There were several circling over the trees across from my house where then there were no other houses or trailors. They kept circling but going to the north east toward Tr-City Mall. Within the next couple of nights I saw another object in the sky. This object came from the northeast and went sort of to the southwest-westerd over my house and my parents trailor. There were at least several hundred U.F.O.'s/Space ships in the sky at once circling in different directions but heading southwest or westerd. All of these objects were made the same. They were all a like accept for their color. They ranged from solid colored in the rainbow. They were lite solidly all over like vibrant or sort of neon. There was a black circle on the very bottom which was solid black. There were lights that rotated around the outer edge of the craft of orange or red to yellowish or beidge to white. The craft got very close over my house and scared me very much. They never did completely stop but were going very slowly until they were all out of sight. From the time they came into sight until they went out of sight, it took them maybe around a couple of hours or more and this ended around 3:30a.m. or 4:00 a.m. ((NUFORC Note:  One of four, seemingly serious-minded, reports from same witness.  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));35.325;-81.846
