September 12th 2001--strange, fast, craft  flying  and hovering when all planes supposed to be grounded;2001-09-12 22:00:00;20-30 seconds;September 12th 2001--strange, fast, craft  flying  and hovering when all planes supposed to be grounded I dont know if this is so much an alien UFO story as it may be a who knows what kind of alien toys the governments got UFO story--but since I couldnt tell, it could be either.  I remember the exact date of this because it happened the day after the tragedy of September 11th, when all the planes were still grounded--well, I should say they were supposed to be grounded.  My wife had went two houses down to visit some of my relatives and I can see the house from my house.  We had been having a problem with some drug addicts that were living down the street breaking into peoples cars at night and since this was around 10pm, I didnt want her to walk up on them by herself so I was sitting outside waiting for her in case she ran into any trouble.  I am an amateur astronomer and as any of us can tell you, a no fly zone is a dream come true.  So I am outside with all my lights turned out and I am sitting at the end of my deck facing that house my wife went to thats maybe 300 yards away and I just happen to look up and sitting there over my head, maybe 3000 or 4000 feet up (hard to tell because it was night) was this light, just sitting there.  It was a good size, maybe 1/15 the visual size of the full moon.  No sound, no movement, just stillness, and like a small breeze blowing through the trees suddenly.  I could tell it wasnt a planet or star, it was definantly something in our atomosphere.  As I looked at it, the light drew up--like the way the cornea of you eye draws up when you walk from a dark room to the outside on a sunny day.  It was still barely there, you almost had to not look at it to see it, it was so dim.  Then the dim light took off towards the southeast at an AMAZING speed--it had to be going faster than the speed of sound, but there was no sonic boom.  I have never saw anything move like this. I dont know of any military craft that could go from a hovering position to the speed of sound OR MORE within a second.  I am wondering if anyone else saw this craft around that date.  Thanks for reading this.;35.325;-81.846
