An orange ball over Choctawhatchee Bay, in Walton County;2003-04-26 20:35:00;5 minutes;An orange ball over Choctawhatchee Bay, in Walton County I was facing north looking at Legion Park on Choctawhatchee Bay.  There is a security light in the park that has a bluish/white light on a telephone pole and almost directly over the security light was an orange ball.  The orange ball was just slightly larger than the security light but much further away.  It appeared to be over the middle of the bay.  I watched it for about five minutes during which time it did not move.  It was much larger than a planet or star but not nearly as large as a full moon would have appeared that close to the horizon.  It did not appear to be a flare as it was stationary in the sky and it did not appear to be burning.  I went inside for less than 1 minute to get my wife (who did not come out to see it) and when I returned it was gone.;30.3859;-86.3478
Miramar Beach Florida Moving Sphere Appears in Sunrise Pics.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect lens flares.  PD));2016-11-21 06:00:00;15 minutes;11/21/16 Miramar Beach Florida Moving Sphere Appears in Sunrise Pics I was on vacation from 11/19-11/26/16 in Destin Florida, specifically Miramar Beach and staying at Maravilla Condos on Scenic Gulf Highway. I got up most all mornings and took sunrise and sunset pictures.  Most of the time due to glare and using a Samsung S6 phone I usually couldn’t view my pictures that well until after I came back into the condo.  On this particularly clear morning I came back in and later in the day checked the pictures I had taken that day.  At first I thought I had taken picture of the moon as well as the sun.  Then realized the moon wasn’t in a full stage nor have been that close to the sun.  In enlarging the pictures on my phone and again now on my computer, I pick up a distinct looking sphere which almost appears to have 4 windows on it.  Many of the pictures I took from the same standing point.  The object however did not stay in the same place in the photo.  It had moved in all pictures.  Again, I did not see this during taking them nor was focusing on it.  The sun is so bright coming up that you probably couldn’t have seen anything else in the sky but the sun at this point anyway. I always take a series of pictures to make sure I get at least a couple good ones that I can put on my computer for a screen saver.  I have 8 pictures where this object appears.  Even moving into the sand dunes very close to where I was standing.  If you enlarge the closest 1 of those, you can almost see a head like object with what appears to be 2 eyes in this small slice of an object that appears right over the sphere. In no other pictures I took throughout my entire vacation did this object appear in any picture so it wasn’t something on my phone camera lense.;30.3859;-86.3478
