Triangle object with 4 white lights silently flys through the sky very low to the ground.;2009-03-15 23:00:00;20 seconds;Triangle object with 4 white lights silently flys through the sky very low to the ground. A few of us were standing in the back yard around a fire late at night.  I turned from the fire to warm up my back side and just stared up at the cool night sky.  The moon was bright and there were a few slow moving clouds, the stars were shining bright.  I noticed what I thought was one small cloud moving faster then the others, that is what first caught my eye.  Then I realize it was not a cloud but rather a dark triangular object moving silently through the clouds.  The object flew in a straight line and I did notice 4 large lights underneath, the lights did not flash or blink and they had a strange color to them.  The color was like an aluminum flashlight beam.  I yelled at my wife and her brother to look but the triangular object was too hard to see, they looked further on and saw an airplane in the distance.  I kept my eye on the object it was low to the ground, triangular, silent, with 4 eerie white lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));41.4319;-91.0485
Three bright lights in the sky in the shape of a triangle;2011-10-15 20:05:00;a few minutes;Three bright lights in the sky in the shape of a triangle I was driving on highway 61 towards the west along with two friends when I looked out into the sky to the north and saw some bright lights.  I am an avid astronomer and didn't make the lights out to be any stars or planets.  Shortly after my two friends noticed the lights as well and we were all looking.  We made them out to be three bright points, each about as bright as Jupiter, which made the shape of a long, skinny, isosceles triangle.  We kept an eye on them as we quickly turned and stopped onto a side road.  I got out of the car and watched them as they faded into the distance to the east (this is the way they were generally moving).  They didn't make any noise that any of us could hear.  After they faded into the distance, I got back into the car and we drove off.  We later saw on Facebook a similar report of this sighting in the same place.  The status read that there were jets chasing it but none of us saw this.;41.4319;-91.0485
Triangle shaped pinkish peach lights flying in arrow shape. low lights not bright but still obviously visable!;2015-09-04 22:15:00;5 seconds;triangle shaped pinkish peach lights flying in arrow shape. low lights not bright but still obviously visable! I witness a triangle of of lights flying north west over my right side of my view to the north. The three lights were low lit.  Not bright but obviously illuminated.  A peach color pink to peach colored.  And oval shape from my perspective from being off to side of its trajectory. I'm assuming that if I had been under it directly the lights would be circles rather than ovals. I was looking at the dipper to the north when it flew into my view over my head from the rigbt and onward north east.  I pointed it out to my girlfriend who saw the obvious shape in time to watch it glide rigbt out of sight with no sound what so ever.  I did not see a triangle silhouette shadow between the light or anything.  Not to my knowledge.  But I can't say I could see through it either.  My mind really only acknowledged the lights.  I'm not crazy!!! That ((word deleted)) was real!!!;41.4319;-91.0485
