6 objects in single file flying eastward over the South end of the city.;2015-12-31 21:40:00;3 minutes;6 objects in single file flying eastward over the South end of the city. At 9:40pm, on December 31, 2015, four of us were sitting at the dinner table playing a board game.  My husband was looking out the window and he said, What is that?  He pointed out what he was looking at and said two of these identical objects had flown over already.  The lights were inside (sic.  outside?) the house, and he was sitting closest to the window, so the objects were visible beyond the reflections in the glass at night. We headed out the patio door to get a better look and in the distance we saw more of these objects.  As they came into view each looked identical. There were a total of four objects that were observed outside, with a fairly large space in between.  All objects were flying in single file.   During this time I grabbed my cell phone off the table we were sitting at and started recording.  The objects made no sound as approaching or departing our field of view.  Each object emitted a white flickering light.  As the last of the objects was coming into view, we all ran inside through to the front of the house to see what they were doing on the other side all the while recording.   The objects appeared to fan out in the distance and disappear from view.  We approximate that the altitude of the objects is around 500 feet up and they may have been automobile sized objects, but was hard to discern as only light from the object was observed. There were no vehicle traffic sounds drowning out any sound that may have been coming from the objects.   There was a dog barking in the distance and when at the front of the house there is the sound of an inflatable Christmas display on the porch. A copy of the video recorded will be mailed to your office. ((NUFORC Note:  We have written the source of the report, requesting a copy of the video she alludes to in the report.  PD));55.1691070422536;-118.831333802817
