5-6 red globes hovering, then just disappeared;2008-10-14 20:00:00;3 min;5-6 red globes hovering, then just disappeared Me and my cousin were driving back to school, when all of a sudden I looked out the window and saw about 5-6 red globes in the sky. We were heading North, so we would have seen the objects in a easterly direction from where we were. We were on a long, dark road, and there were no other cars around. I immediately told my cousin to pull the car over, and we watched the objects for about 2 minutes before they disappeared. It didn’t seem like they flew away, they just vanished. While we were watching the objects, they seemed to stay in an ellipse formation, but one of the globes tended to move around. While we were on the road, we pulled over in front of a house and observed these globes at about a 45 degree angle. Although upstate NY is very hilly, the area we were at was surrounded by fields, and we could see forever. There is no doubt in my mind that this/these objects were in the sky and not on the ground. The objects in the sky were red, or giving off a red glow, were it was the most red on the outer part, and it seemed to get lighter in the middle of each little ball. Besides the red globes, we couldn’t make out a defined shape of object, just this little cluster of these 5-6 red balls. I don’t know if it was a coincidence or not, but as soon as we saw the objects, I tried to make a phone call, and my phone wouldn’t work. The area always has service, so it wasn’t a dead spot, but my phone wouldn’t connect. The sky was very clear that night, and the moon seemed to light up everything. Central NY seems to be a high traffic area for airplanes, as they are seen flying over all the time, and at the time we saw this, there were a few planes in the air. There is no possibility that what we saw was an airplane.  These red balls were much bigger that any plane lights could have been, and based on the distance we approximated, there is no way a plane could be that big or move like they did. Although it didn’t seem like the whole group was moving, like I said earlier, it seemed like one of them w! as movin g. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));43.4759;-75.3409999999999
