I observed the Craft at a close enough distance to know it was not anything man made based upon my training and experience.;1994-10-20 23:40:00;8-10 seconds;I observed the Craft at a close enough distance to know it was not anything man made based upon my training and experience. Dear Director,   I’m a former U.S. Marine, currently a Police Officer, a Published Author and proud father of three.  Given these items I just presented to you it would lead one to believe that I am a man of reasonable caution and prudence who has maintaned well thus far in life and continuously making efforts in learning new things.  To make a long story short, I saw a UFO that I would like to report however at the time when I saw it, reporting was not an option and access to opportunities such as your sight were not provided. October of 1994, I saw a UFO hovering overhead above my location on the corner of Tremont Street and Anawan Street in Taunton Massachusetts.  It was roughly 250 to 300 feet above ground level, I saw it clearly and know precisely what I saw.  The craft is described as dark in color, circular, was hovering and moved at an estimated 5 to 8 miles per hour making not a single sound. I observed lights moving rapidly at a circular-flashing motion located underneath the craft as whitish/ reddish in color.  I maintained observation of the craft for roughly eight to ten seconds prior to it simply disappearing beyond the tree-line into thin air as if it wasn’t ever there. I respectfully request to report my account as I am prepared under the integrity of my office to make a full statement under oath if need be before the U.S. Congress, or any other agency (Private/ Government) charged with the responsibility of investigating such occurrences.  As a Police Officer, Integrity is hallmark which backs my abilty to openly speak of my account in 1994 these days.  As a former Marine, the courage to follow through with reporting and commitment to the public and people I serve is what makes me want to aide in the disclosure of the Phenomena and report my account (although past) for the world to know.  Please, feel free to give me a call at anytime with any questions, comments, or concerns you may have in regard to this report/ E-Mail.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.9082;-71.1031
At about 3:45 it was a cluster of bright light circle objects in the sky flying around they would disappear and reappear.;2019-12-05 03:45:00;20 minutes;At about 3:45 it was a cluster of bright light circle objects in the sky flying around they would disappear and reappear.;41.9082;-71.1031
