UFO with yellow lights in the sky seen defying the laws of gravity.;1994-09-18 21:30:00;20 minutes;UFO with yellow lights in the sky seen defying the laws of gravity. One evening in 1994, one of the mainstream news channels had said there was a chance to see shooting stars I believe it was (if memory serves me correctly it may have been an eclipse or something else, I'm not 100% sure of the exact event.)   This was very intriguing to my 9 year old self. I begged my Mom to let me stay up later than usual so I could watch the sky. She agreed. She called my Aunt who lived behind us, and invited her and my cousin to come along they did. So the four of us watched the sky together that nite. What we experieced is something that has stayed with all of us until this day.     It was a clear night so we kept our eyes peeled as we waited watching and talking amongst ourselves. I was allowed to stay awake for just a little longer. Although I didnt expect to see much, I remember being happy my Mother let me stay up for this. All the kids in school had talked about how their parents had agreed to let them watch the sky that nite, too.    We hadn't been out there on my porch very long. Less than an hour or so if I had to guess. I couldn't tell you if we did, or did not end up seeing the shooting stars or whatever it was that we were intending on seeing. What I can tell you, is that we unquestionably experienced a UFO sighting.     I remember where we were standing. I remember looking up at one point, and seeing a BRIGHT, low, and very large yellowish-colored light in the sky. It didn't move. It had NO sound. I do not know for sure the shape of what we saw, because the light was so intense that it took away from being able to distinguish the actual shape. It appeared to be shaped like a saucer, with intense light throughout. I remember thinking that I must be the only one who sees this light. I was expecting someone to exclaim what is that!, but no one made a peep. It seemed like the longest and loneliest few seconds of my life as I stood there  paralyzed throughout my body with intense fear. Unbeknownst to me, I later found out that the other 3 people said they were also too shocked to say a word, much like I was.    Then it was gone. Just as fast as it had appeared before us it disappeared. Then someone spoke, and we all looked at each other and began to freak out about it. Some of the things said were That was too low to be an airplane. Or I've never seen something like that. Etc.    Then it was back. It reappeared about a minute or so after it left. This time... it began to move. It moved like nothing is supposed to move in the sky. It was FAST. So fast, it left trails of light. It was off the the left, then the right. Then up, then down. It was very hard to process what I was seeing, because even at 9 years old I understood that there was no way that something that big, and that close could navigate back and forth and up and down like that without making an engine sound. Or any sound at all, for that matter.    While it was quickly dancing across the sky above us, it changed colors. They light went from pale yellow, to bright yellow. Shades of yellow and trails of light moved at light-speed. No slowing down to stop mid air. It stopped just as fast as it moved and repeated the process.    This sighting was the longest of the 3 sightings that nite. This went on for approximately 5 minutes. It had small intermissions of appearing to be gone, just to come back again.    We were terrified. I do not remember what was said-- if anything durring those 5 or so minutes. I do not remember why the hell we didn't turn around and run into the house to take shelter and hide. I especially do not remember who's idea it was for all of us to follow this craft into my backyard or why anyone would even think that was a good idea.    But we did. So sighting 3 (although hazy and confusing) went something like this: it's back, it's now in the sky behind us, and we should go out in the sandpits/wooded area to follow it.    Go get your jacket my Mom said. I ran into the house, grabbed my coat and ran back outside and we all took off walking behind my house and behind my Aunt's house. I will say.... in retrospect --- this seems very, very weird to me. I KNOW I was completely terrified. why would I agree to follow it? That part still boggles my mind till this day and the others I was with say the same. How stupid it was for us to do that, as scared as we all were. Especially 2 Moms thinking it was a good idea to take 2 kids to chase a alien ship.    I do not remember seeing it as we ventured into the backyard. I do not remember who chose the spot we ended up in, or why. But we stood there waiting. It was as if we knew we would see it again.    We did.   Sight 3 consisted of us looking up as if to say okay, we are here...start the show.    It did.     This time it appeared higher than it appeared the first 2 times. And this time.....it came directly at us like it was going to crash into us/the ground and I was sure I was either going to die, or get abducted. The warp-speed yellow light went from miles away, and zoomed right TOWARDS us. I'll never understand how it was able to stop that close to us without slowing down.    I SCREAMED. My Mom, who was standing behind me covered my mouth. The two adults told us to keep quiet. (Very weird, I know.)  The light-craft again dissapeared and we headed home. My Aunts house was closer to where we were now. I dont remember saying our goodbyes, or even talking about what we saw. It could be because I was in shock, or perhaps my mind has only obtained the dramatic details, I'm not sure.    My Mom and I get home. I remember getting in my bed. We had just moved my room around, and of course my bed was now in front of the window. I thought for sure that I was going to get sucked out of my window and abducted. I just knew it. I laid there, blankets up to my face. Sweating, too afraid to move. While listening to my Mom tell my Dad the story of what just took place. I listened as my Mom recounted our experience to him as I picked up on the disbelief in my Dads voice, and it angered me. It angered me because I needed him to believe our story. What if my Mom and I knew too much? What if the aliens came back, and took us because we saw them and my Dad didnt know who took us,  because he wasn't believing our story. He would for sure not be able to save us from the aliens if he didn't know where to look, or send the police.    Those are the real thoughts I had that nite. Praying my Dad would believe us so he knew where to come look for us, because we surely were about to go missing. I was convinced our days and even moments left in the house were numbered. I also grappled with being angry at my Mom for letting me stay awake past my bedtime. Why would she let me stay up to watch the sky on a friggin school night? and This is all her fault I thought to myself. My mind raced and I stayed paralyzed under my blankets, until I fell asleep.    I'm 36 years old now. My Dad still doesn't believe us. My Mom and I stopped telling people, for fear they would think we are nuts. We do talk about it here and there, my Aunt, cousin, Mom and myself knew what we saw. We know how crazy it sounds. We know we saw a lit up craft defy the laws of physics and gravity. We know it was a UFO.    What we dont know... is why we followed it as terrified as we were. That part we will NEVER understand. ;41.9082;-71.1031
