A humming object,that put me in a trance like experience flying over Taunton,MA;1994-12-20 20:00:00;30 seconds approximately;A humming object,that put me in a trance like experience flying over Taunton,MA I was going to get money out at the Bay Bank on Main St. in Taunton. When I got out of my boyfriends truck I heard this strange humming noise, so I looked above me & right over the stores were New york Lace is I saw an object flying above me . It was moving in a slow speed, and it blended with the night sky. I didn't see any lights on it ,but it was flat looking with dark spots on it. As I looked at it I crossed the street in a daze & stupidly went into the bank to get my money out real fast ,so I could come back out and look at it,and show it to my boyfriend. It was moving so slow that I thought it would still be out there when I was finished. When I exited the bank I crossed the street looking up into the sky,again like I was in a daze and then I heard tires screeching & a car almost hit me. Still I was in a daze until I got back in the truck,and said to my boyfriend did you hear that noise? naturally he didn't because he was playing with the radio. I explained to him what I saw,and we drove around town to see if we could find it. I also tuned into the radio to see if there was any reportingsthere wasn't any,but I was told that peole did report seeing something,but I haven't found anything on it. I was never one to believe in the whole UFO thing ,but till this day I question WHY & WHAT came over me to not get my boyfriend out of the truck at the very moment & tell him,and what happened to me that I would walk across a main road without even realizing the traffic? It was like this object put me in a trance. And this is the GOD'S HONEST TRUTH!!! If anyone knows of anything that happened around this date,please post it. I would like to know I am not the only one that will never forget this!!! Now I believe. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.9082;-71.1031
Any explanations?;2002-06-07 21:00:00;1 minute;Any explanations? I was lying on my front porch staring up at the stars...it had just cleared from days of rain. As I was staring I saw two stars Rapidly approach each other ...sort of pause... face to face...for maybe ten seconds ? and then they split in opposite directions ..not too fast...I watched it for 30 seconds maybe less....and then they just vanish off. Maybe it was some sort of space station thing? I dont know Im not much into this sort of thing. I found this web sight and thought id put in my 2 cents. I just found this odd. If it helps..I was lying on my back facing East.No real details...they were way up there.;41.9082;-71.1031
