Last night 9/18/18 1:00 am Wife awoke last night because our dog Sugar was crying and making noise as though she had to go outside! She;2018-09-18 01:00:00;2 minutes;Last night, 9/18/18, 1:00 am Wife awoke last night because our dog ((dog's name deleted)) was crying and making noise as though she had to go outside!  She got up took dog to back door to let her out.  She said, as she opened the door and ((dog's name deleted)) went to do her duty, a strange sound like heavy chains being clanged together began... A light caught her eye as the object moved over the house going east.  She saw the light was rectangular and had a twin on the opposite side.  There were also two red lights as she saw the entire craft emerge from over the house.  That's when the object revealed itself to be triangular in shape.  She watched it as it moved slowly over an oak tree 35 ft from our garage.  She could not make out detail, but the lights she said were sharp and rectangular.  She could not tell if they extended beyond the craft  like an attached wing , or if they were windows along the edge of the craft. She said it was traveling slightly faster then walking speed . She said the noise was not to loud but strange like huge chain links being clanged together quickly!  She said the dog got frightened was whining like when she got up.  Wife said the dog backed itself against the wall of the garage and started fear barking!  Here's the strange part. I got up at. 12:30. I had just gone to bed at 11:00pm.  Same time two days in a row... I'm a very light sleeper.  Hyper alert individual.  Any noise, I'm up like a lightning bolt... Last night, I did not hear a thing, not wife getting out of bed, or my dog making noise?  My wife is a very religious Roman Catholic background.  She has not been a believer in the past but has had three experiences of this type of phenomenon since being married to me.   I wrote recently we had an experience over the house about two months ago when we both were awakened by a whirring noise like a turbine over the house increasing in speed and power until it was gone like a flash. Here is the drawing of what she could remember seeing.;42.2256;-83.3959000000001
