20-odd randomly grouped orbital lights were seen to move into a precise triangle formation, then back to random formation;2012-02-03 20:45:00;35 seconds;20-odd randomly grouped orbital lights were seen to move into a precise triangle formation, then back to random formation Observer is a pilot, engineer, ex-military, and personal acquaintance of Peter (from 1999).   Looking south from Pukalani neighborhood - elevation 1,500ft, up the Haleakala volcano cone toward summit observatory at 10,000 ft altitude peak of cone.  90% cloud cover after storm.  Full darkness.  Walking outside property gate to car to retrieve a USB cord, a break opened in the cloud cover and a chaotic formation of at least 20 lights appeared to drift north-east from behind the Haleakala summit into full view of the observer.  Lights were each roughly 3 times the luminosity of a low-orbit satellite, moving at 70% typical velocity of same.  As the lights moved across the cloud break, observer exclaimed whoa out loud and at that instant, all lights moved at various directions - at up to 3 times typical orbital velocity - into a PERFECT TRIANGLE FORMATION with the point and triangle tail aligned with travel vector.  Observer exclaimed an expletive out loud and the formation instantly broke into a chaotic formation and continued to drift north-east at original speed until obscured by cloud cover some 20 seconds later.  There was no sound whatsoever heard to emanate from the lights.  Observer checked Starlink orbit website and found it to be non-visible at that location and time.  Observer stood outside for several minutes looking and listening for drone activity and there was none.  Observer's experience with aviation, weather and relative altitudes of various craft and phenomenon tentatively ruled out civilian drones, atmospheric military or civilian craft or any sort of publicly known propulsion and guidance system as well as orbital or extra-orbital debris.  Observer has scoffed at such things for decades and has never seen anything remotely approaching this type of phenomenon.;20.8427;-156.333
