Floating Saucer witnessed in Clinton Twp Michigan.;2006-06-01 17:00:00;Less than a minute;Floating Saucer witnessed in Clinton Twp Michigan. My mother, brother, and I were driving back to my mom’s house when I saw a very bright light in the sky in the midst of all the tall leafless trees. It caught my attention because it was bigger than anything else shining in the sky and a lot brighter.  I had to interrupt their conversation twice so that they could take a look at what I was seeing. My mom’s house was located in a large area where the only lights you could see outside were the front porch lights if that. As we got closer to my mom’s, which meant more darkness, the one bright light seemed to change into about 8-10 colorful lights all blinking in a row. This caused my mom to stop the car on the road and we all proceeded to get out of the car and look up at the object. It was a round shaped, saucer like object, however only half of the circle was lit. It seemed very quiet and it was right above our heads in the sky. It almost seemed like it was planned for us to be right underneath it. After we snapped out of it, I told my mom “Let’s go tell the guys, they will never believe us! Hurry before it goes away!” I wanted my step-father and husband to observe this UFO so that they wouldn’t think we were crazy when we told them about our sighting. We rushed back in the car and drove to my mom’s about 7 seconds away from the sighting.  As we ran out of the car and made it to the porch the UFO flew off at a speed I had never before seen in my life of anything in the sky. It was in the next city in a matter of 2-3 seconds I believe.  Of course as we came inside to explain what we had just witnessed they laughed. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.5962842105264;-82.9376157894739
Silver Saucer Seen, Also Heard Alien Type Noises;2007-10-19 21:14:00;5 minutes;Silver Saucer Seen, Also Heard Alien Type Noises As my friend and I were driving home from the mall we saw a bright big white light.  I said to her, “What is that, a blimp?” and she responded jokingly, “No it’s a UFO!” We first saw the object when we were about a mile away from it.  As we got closer our mouths dropped open and we both just said “what the  ....” We were shocked.  It was right above us just hovering over the road.  You could see the UFO almost perfectly.  It had three bright lights on the bottom in the shape of a triangle.  It was saucer shaped, silver a little bubble type thing on top.  It was spinning and just hovering.  We pulled over because we wanted to get a better glimpse.  There were about six other cars behind us that were also stopped looking.  As soon as we pulled out the camera it moved upward behind the clouds, (it was a cloudy night) Like I said, it was clearly visible and big but you could tell it was a pretty good distance above.  At first sight it was hovering below the clouds but once people started stopping it hovered up farther into the sky.  It started to move west so we decided to follow.  Once again we pulled over and started trying to take pictures but every time I would move so we could see it would move a little more hiding being the treetops.  We took five pictures with my friend’s digital camera.  Then it vanished behind the treetops.  There was a bank parking lot so we decided to pull in the lot and park.  As soon as we parked and were about to get out we started hearing this strange loud noises.  Noises I honestly can not explain.  We have NEVER heard anything like it.  For some reason, as scared as we were we got out because we wanted to see if we could actually see what was making those noises.  It almost seemed like two “aliens” communicating to one another.  We were both just frozen there so scared and then all of a sudden the noises started going “crazy” and a dog that was in the backyard where the weird noises were coming from started barking and honestly seemed like it was being att! acked so we jumped in the car and took off.  We both were just stunned and so scared.  Neither one of us really believed in this, until now that is.  After returning home we decided to see what her camera had caught.  All the pictures were gone except one which you can barely see anything.  If you zoom in you can see a white object.  Now this was the last picture taken and this was when the UFO was going away before it vanished.  This area was very lit up and there were a lot of clouds in the sky, but you can see none of that except the UFO. This should tell you how bright it was.;42.5962842105264;-82.9376157894739
