Huge object spotted over Batesville Pike road in North Little Rock Arkansas;2003-10-15 20:00:00;5 min;Huge object spotted over Batesville Pike road in North Little Rock Arkansas It was a clear October night in North Little Rock Arkansas. It was between 8:00PM and 11:00PM my wife and I where taking a drive to catch some fresh air. As we made our way down Batesville Pike road we noticed a strange object approaching us very quickly. There was a car in front of us that must have seen the same strange object as they pulled off to the shoulder about a car length ahead of us. My wife and I where just shocked and could not identify what was before our eyes. This thing (larger than a 747 from wing tip to wing tip) hovered about 20 or 30 feet above the ground right around some tree tops. There where multiple (best guess 20) bright white lights along the front of this thing. The object then moved quickly across the road and hovered over a thick wooded area before the object changed shape and seemed to land or disappear into the woods below. My wife and I drove off trying to digest what we had just seen. We drove about a mile down the road and decided to turn around and go investigate. When we returned to the spot nothing was out of the ordinary. My first instinct was to walk through the woods and see if I could find anything, but after having flash backs of (Fire in the sky) I decided against that. Now with that said I'll tell you that North Little Rock Airport is less than 5 miles from the spot of the sighting. It's a small airport with only one runway but what we seen was not using the airport. I also wonder if what we seen was some sort of secret military project based on the fact that there's a military base less than 3 miles from the spot of the sighting. When the object changed shapes and landed in the woods it landed on military owned property. So it could be one of the two 1) A secret military project or 2) A UFO ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.8032115384616;-92.2357230769232
