I remember being dropped off into my house.  I was so exhausted when I fell into my bed.;2004-12-26 04:00:00;~1 - 2 hours;I remember being dropped off into my house.  I was so exhausted when I fell into my bed. I told my best friend after this happened.  I truly do not know how much time had passed before telling her. I feel like the time has just gone in my head.  After I told her, I wrote it in my journal on Dec. 26, 2004.   Here is my entry:   I truly believe I was abducted by aliens  a couple of weeks ago.  I don't remember what day it was but I did have to go to work.  (I work Mon- Fri).  My dreams of my house were too vivid to be dreams something happened.   I remember standing at the patio door looking up.  The ship was huge with 2, 3 or 4 big lights.  I remember a red and a white light.  I knew I was looking at the back.  But, instead of seeing my backyard, there was a field with 2 cars.  I think the one closest to me was a red convertible with the top down.  There was a woman leaning against the car.  I think she had dark curly hair to her shoulder.  Darker than mine and softer curls.  I think there was 1 or 2 men sitting in the car drinking.   These details are too vivid and too memorable to be a dream.  The ship was a very strong material gunmetal grey in color.  (Here I drew the picture of what I saw).  Backend - what I saw, the house blocked the rest of the ship.  (I was looking up).  The clencher is that I was jolted awake (in bed).  I turned over and the clock read 5:26 am.  I felt like I had just gotten in bed and I was exhausted.   I didn't want to have to get up and go to work.  I turned on to my left side and my first thought was that I'd need to get checked out for any implants.  I tried to find something on the internet to tell my story but didn't find anything in that short time.  I told [my best friend] last night and she doesn't think I'm crazy.  When I wrote it, I wrote things going on in my life before and after.  There was no break.  Also, I remember when I wrote this how calm I became.  To clarify how I saw the ship, I have two sliding glass doors going outside.  I have to open both of them.  I remember seeing everything in the den as it is right now (not like a dream where everything is distorted or made up) and I was standing in the house, at the first door, with both open, in my, probably, nightgown that night.  I was looking up and if I had stepped out and jumped up, I could have touched the ship it was that close.  I have metal awnings but that night, it was like they were gone.   Because the ship was so close, and the view I had, that's why I could only see the back.  It was like I was being dropped off.  I didn't feel strange or funny or have any weird things.  (Supernatural things do happen to me at night but as long as I pray,  it helps.   I now wear a St. Michael the Archangel medal that was blessed by the Pope and pray to him each night also and that has helped tremendously).  To clarify being exhausted.  Have you ever gone out one night and partied and got drunk (not too drunk but enough to know you're drunk) and you came in at 4 or 5 or 6 am?  Then, you throw yourself in bed and you're asleep before you've stopped moving?  That's what I felt like.  I had gone to bed the night before, as usual, but when I was jolted awake, I looked at the clock (see above) and literally felt like I had been dropped into my bed and that I had not gotten any sleep.   My best friend is the only one I told about this because I'm too scared to talk to anyone else.  Maybe I watch too many tv shows and movies but I have not spoken to anyone about this.  I've thought long and hard and I wanted to report this but I don't want anything bad to happen to me.   I watched the Peter Jennings show tonight on ABC and you were mentioned at the end, with no contact information but I wrote down your name and was able to google it.   I've considered being hypnotized to dig deeper but I don't want to be alone when it happens to avoid any muddying.  I hope in some way that you do take me seriously and can help me to come to terms with what has happened to me.  I will state now that I don't party, I don't get drunk, I don't do drugs, I don't take any special Rx medications. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));34.8032115384616;-92.2357230769232
