Glowing spheres over North Little Rock, Arkansas.;2011-10-30 00:30:00;five minutes;Glowing spheres over North Little Rock, Arkansas. I was having a cigarette on the back patio of a local pub when the  incident occurred.  It is important to not that I was not inebriated at  the time.  Nor do I believe the individual who first spotted the  objects had been drinking. I was engaged in conversation with this gentleman when he exclaimed,  what's that, and pointed to the east.  Looking up, I saw what seemed  like a fireball in the sky.  My first impression was of a burning  airplane.  The 'flames' seemd to subside, leaving the object with the  shape of a sphere, glowing with an fiery orange color.  I soon made out  several more such objects. Given the position angle of the objects and their relation to  surrounding buildings, I would estimate their size at about six feet  in diameter.  I would estimate their heading at about 340 degrees. Their speed would probably have been about forty miles per hour. There  were about six of them, and they were in a staggered line. They  emitted no sound. They also seemed to have mass ie they were not  merely light. They travelled in a staggered line. There was no wind. The objects continued on their north-northwest course, maintaining  their altitude.  They were followed by another group of identical  objects about a minute later. We continued looking at them until they had travelled a mile or so.  As  the lights reached some unmarked terminus, they seemed to extinguish  one at a time.  But I could still make out some of the objects.  They  looked almost like giant glass spheres with a smoky iridescance.  I  continued looking until the second group reached the same area, ceased  to glow orange, then disappeared from view. There were a couple of other people watching on the patio.  I was too  engrossed by what I was seeing to pay much attention to them during  the incident.  Afterward, we speculated as to what we had seen, but  could reach no logical conclusion. I have been unable to find anything in the news regarding the  incident.  I even spoke with a couple of police officers to see if they  had heard any bizarre radio traffic during the time in question.  They  were polite, and did not treat me like some lunatic, yet told me they  had heard nothing. Note for clarity:  I was in North Little Rock at the time of this  occurrence.  Do not confuse that with the northern section of Little  Rock.  North Little Rock is its own city across the river from the  Capitol City.;34.8032115384616;-92.2357230769232
Orange Sphere in Northern Pulaski County, Arkansas.;2014-03-29 21:30:00;2-3 minutes;Orange Sphere in Northern Pulaski County, Arkansas On the night of 29MAR14 @ 9:30pm CST I live in northern Pulaski County, Arkansas.   I was lying on the couch watching the basketball game.  I see a bright Orange ball approach from the west of my property it was so bright I could see it threw the closed blinds in the window.  I got up ran out on the porch and there was a large orange ball hovering over my neighbor’s house to the south of me for about 30-45 seconds.  I called my wife out on the porch and she says what ((deleted)) is that?   Then the ball slowly moved about a quarter mile south and hovered again for about another minute.  I ran into the house to get my smart phone to get a picture of this thing.  But when I got back out there the ball shot to the south towards North Little Rock and disappeared in about 2-3 seconds.   I live between 2 military bases so I see all kinds of Jets, C130’s, and helicopters flying around my property all the time.  This made no sound and there were no other aircraft in the area all ni! ght.  I have never seen anything this color or shape out here ever I have lived here for over 10 years.   I’m a medical professional and my wife has 2 college degrees, we are not people that would just make up a story for notoriety.   Actually I didn’t think much of it till I got on the internet and saw that a lot of people have seen the same thing we have seen….;34.8032115384616;-92.2357230769232
