Clearly observed a triangular craft outfitted with three bright lights.  Object made no sound and floated perfectly still for around fo;1996-07-30 22:00:00;4 minutes;Clearly observed a triangular craft outfitted with three bright lights.  Object made no sound and floated perfectly still for around four minutes. As a Police Officer for the North Little Rock Police Department I once held a part time security job for a large apartment complex on the North side of town.  I was compensated with a free apartment and was required to secure three different one-level professional buildings  as one would occasionally be accidently left unlocked. In July of 1996 my wife accompanied me to help check the doors, shortening my required walk.  Coming upon the last building my wife and I again met up at which time we noticed an unusual type of light reflecting on the pavement 50-100 yards in every direction.  The light closely resembled the light emitted from late model Lincoln headlights  (a new type of halogen bulb) and had sort of a purple tint.  In total amazement we both looked up to observe some sort of craft hovering in total silence  around 300 feet over our heads.  The craft had very bright white lights placed in a triangle and no other lighting.  The brightness did not seem to correspond to the level of light hitting the ground as if it were diffused on its way down.  The craft remained motionless until we could get to our apartment (approx. 1 block) in an attempt to get my binoculars.  We observed the craft the entire way to the apartment and actually began to feel uneasy about the ships presence. Unfortunately the ship was gone when we came out of the house with the binoculars and we were never able to observe the ship moving. I grew up within a mile of an airport and have seen every type of aircraft and its lights and this was not a conventional aircraft of any sort.;34.8032115384616;-92.2357230769232
massive triangular craft--forward moving sides had spaced lights, non-blinking--back side unlit--with almost opaque shadow quality of c;1998-11-18 01:55:00;2-3 minutes;massive triangular craft--forward moving sides had spaced lights, non-blinking--back side unlit--with almost opaque shadow quality of color--even for night.  About height of low flying plane, but massive in size -slowmoving, very steady and absolutely no sound--moving from northwest to southeast. Not usual flight plan for local military or non military bases. Had gone outside just before 2am in hopes of seeing remnants of the Leonid meteor event of the 16th and 17th--and unable to see any. In searching the sky my first thot was seeing a flock of geese as moving objects in a V formation began to be visible... the 'objects were at fist visible as tho separate-but lighted --- obviously not geese, but in that type of formation.  As it approached slowly, keeping its shape I realized it was a craft of massive triangular size the V-shaped forward moving sides were lighted--steady,spaced, white lights--almost like lightbulbs.The back side of the triangle was unlit--and the craft itself had an almost opaque shadow quality of color--even at night, that was more discernible as it passed beneath some brighter stars and away from the street lights.  It appeard to be flying at about the height of a low flying plane, but much more massive in size than a plane would be of the same height. It moved somewhat slowly, very steady and with absolutely no sound. Moving from northwesterly to a southeasterly direction.  This is not the usual flight path usually observed in this area for local military or non military bases.  An airplane traveling at a similar height observed three days later, at the normal size visible at that height, appeared much smaller and made tremendous sound.   It's an image that stays vividly in mind. I grew up in the air force, and lived on base much of that time -- and observed a lot of planes coming and going, and I am aware it could very well be a military craft, possibly not well publicised--but its size, lack of any sound and the pace at which it was moving were out of the norm usually visible in this area.  Is there currently a stealth-type craft that would fit this description?  And how would I find out if there actually was one in this area on that morning?;34.8032115384616;-92.2357230769232
Travelling home from Stuttgart, AR to North Little Rock, AR on US 65.  I had just passed into North Little Rock, AR city limits where U;2005-04-29 18:30:00;5 minutes;Travelling home from Stuttgart, AR to North Little Rock, AR on US 65.  I had just passed into North Little Rock, AR city limits where US Route 65 goes along the Arkansas River.  The weather was extremely cloudy and gray as we had just seen severe thunderstorm front pass through the area.   I noticed a very faint orange light that disappeared and then there were three bright white lights in a triangular shape, orange light would have been in the center of the three white lights.  The re was no shape of an airframe or fusilage, like it blended into the grayness of the cloud cover.   I slowed down and watched the object fly, or should I say glide very slowly.  At that time a Plane was attempting to land, moving faster than the triangular object.  The triangular lighted object faded out of sight as it moved north. The incident occurred for about 5 minutes.   This was no star or man made aircraft.  I am convinced that it had flight technology that is as of yet not published or revealed to the public if it is of earthly origin. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and he sounded to us to be quite credible.  PD));34.8032115384616;-92.2357230769232
