Saw a U.F.O. dropping some glowing stuff;1995-11-01 22:00:00;around 15 min;Saw a U.F.O. dropping some glowing stuff I was walking home from a restaurant as i got closer to home i saw something in the sky that appeared to be glowing in a pattern the object was round on top and flat on the bottom i approched the driveway and by this time it was directly over head, on the bottom of this craft was a cross section each glowing in sequence in a clockwise pattern at this time i ran quickly up to my house and bang on the window (so hard i almost broke it)screaming for my parents to come out then we all just stood there watching it fly up twards the east, then this was amazing it started dropping this glowing stuff like melting metal or someting when it was done it continued up till it disappered from our view and at this time our two neighbors said what the hell was that we were all shocked. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.0848272202999;-117.449294463666
neon green glowing blob;2003-10-19 17:30:00;3 seconds;neon green glowing blob On Thursday night, October 16,atr about 8:30 or so, I was in my driveway and I saw a weird looking thing. It looked like a very slow motion form of a giant shooting star, only 10 times as big and it was bright green...with a little fading into blue. The thing I saw lit up very brightly then seemed to melt down into the dark sky. It was very weird. What was even weirder was that on Sunday night, October 19th, I was driving with my daughter at about 7:30 pm and she goes oh my god! I just saw something green up in the sky..and after talking about it, we decided that we had seen the same thing...AND WE WANT TO KNOW WHAT THEY WERE!!!;34.0848272202999;-117.449294463666
06/25/2011 A brief sighting of what appeared to be an offset horse shoe with 2 bright white lights.;2011-06-25 22:35:00;3-4 mins.;06/25/2011 A brief sighting of what appeared to be an offset horse shoe with 2 bright white lights. I was heading east on my way to work that nite.  I had been scanning the skies for the past few nites looking for sattelites.  As I approached a stop light I looked to my left, (south), when I noticed  an unusually bright light fairly low in the sky.  It really caught my attention beacuse it was so bright.   At first I thought it to be a passenger jet due to the fact that we are within miles of an intrenantional air port..  But the color of the light was quite different from other air craft that were traveling through the skies at that time...   My second thought was that it must have been a hellicopter with its search light on.   As I watched it for a few seconds, I noticed that it was moving rather quickly across the sky heading in a north eastern direction.  I began to think, What is that?????   As i continued to watch it, I noticed that there were no other blinking lights around the main light.  Not only that, the color of the light was bright soft white and the center had a bluish tint to it.  It resembled the hue of a halogen head light on a car, but much more intense. Then I noticed hat there were 2 lights on the object, one apparently in the front, and one in the back.  Both had the same type of glow, but the 1 in the back seemed less intense.   I took notice that there were still a lack of any other blinking lights to show me that it was a typical air craft.   As I watched it traveling across the sky, it appeared to be traveling closer to where I was on the road.  The 2 lights were not even in thier alighnment but they seemed to be part of the same craft, due to the flow of the flight pattern.  The rear light (the dimmer of thye 2) was a bit higher than the front (brighter) light.  Looking at the way the lights were slightly off set, I thought it to be sort of a horse shoe- offset squarish shape.  The lights being on the bottom front and rear feet. Now, the way it was fluently and very quickly cutting through the sky was what really caught my attention.  It cut across the sky traveling both easten and northern simultaneously.  It was like it didn't need to turn or change any direction in order to travel in in a direction.  It was like it was able to cut across the sky and not have to steer.  It flew faster than any other craft that I have ever seen. It was almost like it wasn't propelled by a fuel type of means.  It was too perfect and fast.  It seemed silent, almost as if it were skimming across. As it continued to cut across from the south western sky into the south east, I really took notice of the lights.  The intensity and the brightness.  I could see a very thin and vague trace of a beam that came from the rear light and pointed at an angle to the rear and slightly downward.  It quickly made its way across my view heading northerly with a hint of an easterly direction.  As if it could go both directions at once. I began to notice that it seemed to be losing altitude as it glided tword the mountains.  I quickly decided to try and track it as the light changed. I quickly decided to make a right and head north to attempt to track it.   As I approached the next signal light I could tell that it actually semmed to be descending tword the base of the mountain range.  I saw it come down to wher the mountains actually shallow out. That is when I lost sight of it.  I continued to search  it out, but by the time I got out of the buildings that covered its decent, It was gone.  I went to a gas station where I could get  good view of the exact area where I saw it descend.  But there was nothing. I figured someone else had to have seen the same thing.  There were quite a few cars out on the road for that time of nite.;34.0848272202999;-117.449294463666
