Disk seen following fighter jet and intercepted by second fighter jet.;2014-01-06 15:45:00;1 minute;Disk seen following fighter jet and intercepted by second fighter jet. I was walking my dog, as I do everyday between 3-4 p.m. in the afternoon, and was approaching the dog trail in my neighborhood.  As my dog stopped and sniffed around, I looked up and saw an emerging vapor trail from a jet up in the sky.  I observed the jet for a moment, only to realize a disk-shaped object appeared to be tailing it.  The disk appeared metallic but shined white at times, I assume, from reflecting the sun.  I watched for about 20 seconds as the jet and the object continued in a westerly direction.  The object had no visible vapor trail behind it.  After watching the disk follow the jet, I observed a second jet with a vapor trail closing rapidly in an almost-perpendicular angle towards the first jet and the disk.  As the second jet closed in, it appeared that the disk changed its course by about 25 degrees and continued for about 10 seconds until it was out of sight.  The second jet appeared to continue its path towards the first jet until they! were no longer visible. The next day, I again was walking my dog around the same time, this time towards North Branch Park.  As I crossed the bridge into the park, a white Chinook helicopter appeared and began hovering in the airspace above the park.  Having been in the military, I realized that it was not a military Chinook, nor was it a rescue Chinook since it was white in color.  It was not being used for any type of commercial lifting operation and I could not figure out why a Chinook would be hovering above this park.  I observed the helicopter for a few minutes as it slowly made its way above me and along the same flight path as the jet and the object the previous day.  I watched it for about 10 minutes as it slowly followed the same path until it was nearly out of sight.  I can only speculate if the two incidents were related.;40.2874;-75.2156
