Object was at 45 degrees above southern horizon. Being stationary for 5 mins. and then executed some right angle maneuvers. Focal dista;1999-10-11 21:30:00;10 mins;Object was at 45 degrees above southern horizon. Being stationary for 5 mins. and then executed some right angle maneuvers. Focal distance of parabolic telescope was between 500 and 1000 miles approximately. object excellerated and was lost from view. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness observed same object that was being viewed at the same time from Missouri and Arkansas, and perhaps from Texas, as well.  During telephone conversations, witness, a very experienced amateur astronomer, suggested that the object might have been much farther from earth than indicated here, as measured by the position of the focus knob on his telescope.));37.6845;-96.9682
Best described as a reverse shooting star. A point of light streaking upward quite a distance to the east of me.;1999-10-28 01:50:00;1.5 seconds;Best described as a reverse shooting star. A point of light streaking upward quite a distance to the east of me. Not a big event all in all, but thought it might be useful if someone closer saw more detail.  Aproximately 01:50 Thurs. morning, 10-28-99, I was driving eastbound on 120th St. (gravel road in the country, 2 miles south of Augusta). About 10 degrees to the south of due east I saw a white point of light streak up at about 15 degrees to the south of vertical. My impression was that it was also moving away. (Mostly up, but a slightly southeasterly heading. My first thought was that it reminded me of a reverse shooting star. It didnt seem to have a tail other than a tracer effect due to the speed it traveled. It went from just above the horizon to gone (about 60 degrees up) in about 1 1/2 seconds. Again, not a major event, but might lend credence if someone way east of me saw it before it departed. I'm an experienced pilot and know nothing earthly moves that fast. I'd like to take it for a spin just the same. KK;37.6845;-96.9682
V-shaped craft with 7 dim blinking lights;2000-06-05 03:45:00;5 minutes;V-shaped craft with 7 dim blinking lights The night was strangly pitch black.  No moon, and the lights at the storage facility in front of my home were out too.  My house faces the south and about 2 miles away, were 6 or 7 lights in a v formation.  It was too dark to tell if it was all one craft or if it was a bunch of little craft. It seemed pretty large to me.  The craft or crafts weren't very bright. About the same brightness as a 25 watt lightbulb.  I knew this wasn't an airplane because My mother works at an airport and i've seen all kinds of lights. Each individual light was in a diamond or oval shape. They blinked at at 4 second increments for 5 minutes, then they dissappeared.  To this day, I still belive it was a UFO.  I remember it like it just happened yesterday. If you have an answer of anyone else who have seen the same ufo, please contact me.;37.6845;-96.9682
2 sets of bright white lights in a horizontal line, no sound, no movement, approx. 5 minutes;2002-08-20 20:00:00;5 minutes;2 sets of bright white lights in a horizontal line, no sound, no movement, approx. 5 minutes It was a dark summer night just outside of the small town of Augusta, Ks. while I was driving home. I saw 5 very bright white lights in a straight line, which appeared to be just over a tree line, which were stationary. At first it scared me because I thought it may be a large airplane flying extremely low. Then I realized that it was not moving. I got out of my car and looked. There was no sound. Then, I saw another set of bright white lights just to the north, approx. 150 yards from the first set. Again, no movement, no sound. the lights went off, then on again, then both went out. This happened approx. 1/4 mile from my home. I had never seen anything like this in the area before, nor since. I noticed 2 or 3 small airplanes flying from the west, from Wichita. They flew to the approx. area of the siting, then turned around, and flew back towards Wichita. Lights were seen aprrox. 2 miles S.W. of Augusta, Ks. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));37.6845;-96.9682
Augusta, KS 10:00pm Light 5 minutes Appearing and disappearing big light.;2015-10-15 22:00:00;5 minutes;Augusta, Ks  10:00pm Light 5 minutes Appearing and disappearing big light I was responsible for closing at my job at Petsmart this specific night in October.  Little did I know, that this would be a night I will always remember.  As I got done closing, I walked to my red Mustang and proceeded to drive home.  I had a thirty-minute drive ahead of me because I lived in a small town outside of Wichita.   Between Wichita and Augusta there is a long stretch of nothing but fields and small businesses.  Once you leave Andover, it is nothing but darkness on the roads.  Outside of Augusta about five minutes, there is an airport.  Anyways, as I was driving, I was talking to my friend on the phone.  The Kansas sky was dark like every other day.  It was as clear as could be that night and there was not a cloud in the sky.   As I was getting close to the airport, I seen this big, white light in the sky.  I did not think much because I knew planes were flying at this time.  But as I was looking closer at it, I realized that this object or orbs that I had see! n was not a plane at all.  A big light slowly appeared.  Then another one would appear in front of it.  Then, the orb in the back would slowly diminish and appear in the front of the other one.  It did this about three times as it went across the sky and then it completely went away.  I knew it wasn’t a plane because planes are required to have red and green lights on them.  This had no lights period.  It was just a big light. It is hard to describe.   Anyways, about a minute later, the light appeared back in the same exact spot it went off.  Now, planes don’t disappear in mid air and then appear in the same exact spot.  The light did the same thing. There was a big light, then another one appear in front of that one.  The light behind would slowly disappear and then appear in front of the other.  I tried to capture it on video but I couldn’t because I was driving.   After about two times of appearing and disappearing, the lights disappeared for good.  It just vanished in thin air.  It didn’t speed away, just went off where I last seen it.  I was waiting for it to come back on because it did that before but it did not appear again.  Still till this day, people think I am crazy, but I know what I saw that night and it is something that I cannot describe.  I seen it with my own two eyes and I know for a fact that what I seen was not an aircraft at all.   I wish someone could give me some answers or explanations of what this could be.  Until I get some answers, I am fully convinced that what I seen was a U.F.O. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.6845;-96.9682
