large blue light with no sound was unable to move;1975-12-20 21:00:00;<15 minutes;large blue light with no sound was unable to move Time between 9PM & midnight.  Walking home late with hubby and suddenly noticed a very large blue light in the sky.  It seemed very low, perhaps just because of the size.  A fist held at arm's length would just about contain it.  It crossed our path on a diagonal, moving very slowly.  It continued (as best I am aware of) without any pauses. I stopped just because it caught my attention.  My mind raced to explain what I was seeing.  The best I've been able to come up with is a helicopter with an all-glass front that was illuminated so brightly from within that nothing was visible except the light. But this doesn't explain the hardest part to comprehend.  It made absolutely no sound whatsoever. I'm not sure of how long I stood there frozen in my tracks.  I could not move.  I was scared and wanted to run, but I could not move. Next, I was walking (not running) home again.  The last I saw it, it was directly overhead.  I did not turn back to see it once I could move again (which makes no sense to me at all).  I had no fear of it following me.  I fully remembered all of what I've written here there was no amnesia of seeing this light.  The moon doesn't move that quickly across the sky and the fluidity of the movement (in my opinion) rules out anything like swamp gas. ~~~~~~~~ I saw another light in the late 70s in Virginia it was green, smaller, and higher in altitude. And in '76 or '77, a metallic object that was NOT shiny.  Sort of a rust color.  Could be termed cigar-shaped, or could be a disc seen at such an angle that it appeared elongated.  This was near Pittsburgh, PA. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Illustration by witness did not survive the transfer to the database.  PD));37.3740612565446;-122.02055183246
Stationary lights seen surrounded by circular cloud that shrank in diameter to nothing.;1999-04-15 20:00:00;4 minutes;Stationary lights seen surrounded by circular cloud that shrank in diameter to nothing. I was taking the trash out at a dark end of the house and happened to notice a bright white light (like a landing light on an aircraft) about 5-10° over the southern horizon and I'd estimate it to have been 6 or 7 miles away over the Santa Cruz Mountains. I'd heard that a couple of planets were in alignment and were very bright appearing so I stopped and studied it thinking that it might've been those planets. It was a perfectly clear night sky, no clouds but this light had a perfectly round cloud around it. I'd estimate it was 3 times the diameter of the Moon. the light was close enough to nearby trees, chimneys, ets that I could tell it was stationary. In the course of 2 or 3 minutes the cloud reduced in size and visibility as did the bright light in the center of it until it vanished. It was very even how it got smaller and dimmer and staying absolutely round. No drifty breaking up like a cloud would do. I went inside and told my wife about it then got my binoculars and! several minutes later went back out to look around and saw the same exact thing all over again from the same direction except it was maybe twice a s far away and it was quite a bit smaller and dimmer by the time I saw it and it was very close to the horizon of the Mountains (but behind them) and I couldn't really get any more detail with the binoculars. I should mention that this part of the sky is a flight path for incoming aircraft I assume for SFO International. I've been around long enough to know that incoming aircraft with landing lights on move and get bigger, not smaller as they approach and don't have accompanying clouds. I was an aircrewman in the Navy and have some experience in looking for aircraft in the skies. I described this to a TWA pilot friend of mine and he didn't have a clue what I'd seen. That's about it.;37.3740612565446;-122.02055183246
Big white light leaves with a loud rumbling noise;2005-04-21 04:50:00;5 min;Big white light leaves with a loud rumbling noise My co-worker told me that as he was driving into work that he saw a big, white light sitting stationary in the sky and that after a few minutes of observation that it took off horizontally with a loud rumbling noise.  His view of it was soon obstructed by some trees, but he had heard the loud rumbling noise with the car windows rolled up.  Several minutes later, he observed what seemed to be the lights of a large conventional aircraft in the general vicinity of where the bright white light had originally been spotted.;37.3740612565446;-122.02055183246
