Hard to describe floating box scared the heck out of two teenage girls many years ago;1971-06-27 23:00:00;five minutes;Hard to describe floating box scared the heck out of two teenage girls many years ago I've never told anyone about this.  It's extremely hard to describe what I saw but even though it happened so many years ago I will never forget it.  The best I can do is describe it in symbolic terms because it can't be explained otherwise.  Kind of like Ezekiel described his wheel inside a wheel, it was the best he could do, I'll have to try to do the same using symbols that are familiar to me but that I know are terribly insufficient to the task. That said, this was in the summer of 1971.  My friend and I had snuck out of our houses around 10pm after our parents had gone to bed.  Being teenagers we just liked to meet at night and go for walks and talk.  We were very young, innocent kids.  There were no alcohol or drugs in our lives, we were stone sober coming back home from our walk that night. It was about 11pm when we were walking down the sidewalk on Remington Street.  This is a very long, straight, wide residential street, two lanes on each side of the road.  About a quarter mile or so ahead was an intersection with a four way traffic light.  The night was absolutely still, there was nobody out and nobody's house lights were on.  Our town was sound asleep.  As we walked down the sidewalk my friend was chatting endlessly as was her way and I was looking at my shoes when she suddenly stopped and said, What is that?  I looked up and I also stopped.  On the other side of the intersection a good long way away, probably a full five minute walk ahead, there was something hovering in the sky, pretty low, about the height of the tops of the street light poles.  It was absolutely silent.  This thing was moving very slowly forward, and every once in a while it would stop for a couple of seconds, as if it were looking, surveying, or something.  We stood there absolutely transfixed and didn't say a word to each other as we watched it slowly come toward the intersection. Across the intersection on the left side of the street there were half a dozen two story apartment buildings, and on the right side was the open field of our old middle school.  This thing that I'd say was about the size of a 20 to 30 foot boat was just slowly gliding down the middle of the street and then it turned a little and hovered over to the apartments.  It hovered over the roofs ever so slowly, going up a little and then down a little, as if it were checking them out.  At the second apartment building back from the intersection it was possible to get a better look at the thing. It's extremely hard to describe this and it will sound very strange but to be clear, I can't really grasp what I was seeing.  It was impossible.  It made no sense. But there it was anyway.  It didn't have any lights and it didn't look metallic.  The closest description I can find is that it looked kind of like wood.  Like a square ship made of wooden beams.  It was brown, and hollow on the inside without a top.  It had these great enormous arms on the sides that slowly swiveled around and they had lines on the ends, like ropes, but they weren't ropes. There were also shapes and objects inside the opening but I couldn't give a description, I was only aware that it wasn't hollow space inside there.  It was as if this thing was collecting things. While we were watching it, it did not seem to be aware of us at all, but then, all of a sudden that changed.  It's angle changed and it came away from the buildings and back into the street.  It began to speed up heading toward us and as it hovered over the intersection, because of the street lights, we were able to get a good clear look at it.  That's when both of us became absolutely terrified.  It was looking right at us.  It took on an aggressive feel, its back end rising up and the front end lowering, like it was strongly checking us out.  I mean to tell you we were scared.  We both felt in fear for our lives.  I have never been so afraid.  It's hard to talk about this the fear comes rushing right back. That thing began to head right for us and my friend said, We've got to get out of here.  She took off running and I just followed her.  She was heading home.  What was so scary was that between us and that thing was one side street and we had to get to it before it did so we were running as fast as we could, right towards it, and I was terrified and literally praying we'd get to that street.  Somehow we both knew that if we turned that corner we'd be okay.  We didn't talk about this until afterward but we had to get to that street or something unthinkable would happen to us. We did get to that street and we ran around the corner nearly hysterical with terror when we ran smack into her father, who had come out looking for his daughter.  Even though he was very angry we were so happy to see him at that moment and we quickly told what had just happened.  He walked to the corner and looked down the street and saw nothing.  Nothing was there anymore.  He could see that we were not making things up, that we were truly scared and panicked, but he dismissed it and said it was probably just a weather balloon.  If I am sure of anything it is that that thing was no weather balloon. I know this is a very unusual description of a sighting but I am sharing it in the hope that maybe some other people have seen this thing or something like it, and they will know they're not alone and they're not crazy.  I am telling it like it was and have no reason to make up a story.  It doesn't matter if I am believed or not, I know what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));37.3740612565446;-122.02055183246
Figure-eights or infinity symbolism ?;1988-11-19 20:30:00;60 min. approx.;Figure-eights or infinity symbolism ? I was looking south from near the intersection Evelyn Ave. and Fair Oaks Ave. and saw bright lights about three or four times the size of a star making figure-eight movements parallel to the ground. My estimate is about 2000 to 2500 ft. altitude. It took me a few minutes to figure out how many craft there were. One would make a figure-eight and have a trail of light behind it briefly, while the other craft would do the same but at 90' to it. So that it looked like a four petaled flower, about 2-3 miles from end to end. The two craft would come very close and almost hit each other at the center point. The duration for one cycle was 4-5 sec. ANOTHER two craft doing the same thing about 4-5 miles away over Mt. View. Total of 4 ships making BIG figure eights. As I say each group of two at 90' to each other. The loops or light trails were oriented on North, South, East, West directions. After about 35-40 min. I said out loud is that all you've got? 5-10 sec. later a red light detached itself and made an erratic path away and down before fading out. A white light did the same a few seconds later. I was getting bored and went inside. As an experiment I turned on my stereo to check for RF interference. Scanned the dial, some intermitant noisy static on 104.5 FM. My AM was not hooked up to the antenna at that time. I got a phone call from a friend. I thought it was to tell about me about the lights, but she hadnt seen them. I told her go outside and look in the sky. A few minutes later she comes back to tell me, it's search lights. They were not search lights, there was NO beam up into the sky and they were moving far too fast. It is hard to credit your senses that you are seeing what you are seeing when looking at ufo's. About 15 min. later I went back outside and noticed that one of the flowers, (two ships) are gone and only the Sunnyvale two remains. Then I heard bam bam bam bam bam bam, six pops. Gunfire from behind me (north), real close. Somebody shooting at them! I thought thats stupid, their too high. Just then a ship comes from the area of the gunfire sounds. It was about 100 ft. away from me (east). Moving about 25 mph. It cleared the power lines by 10 ft. So however tall the high tension lines are, add 10 ft. It was dark but I got the impression it  looked like a top, (Ya know, the childs toy?) it had a light on the top and the bottom. One was red, one was white. I dont remember which color light was where. Probably the size of a car or truck, not very big. It leisurely made its way south-west towards Wolfe Ave. There are other details of this sighting and later events I'll leave out. While all this was going on I counted 16-18 aircraft in the sky. Apparently the miltary and whoever else was watching too. Pretty spectacular. But I never heard a word from the TV news or radio or people talking, anywhere. Not even a report on THIS website by anybody. During this time frame, 1988-91 I saw a lot of ufo's. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  We believe that conventional aircraft, or perhaps advertising lights of some sort, would be the first possibility to be ruled out during an investigation of the sighting.  Sunnyvale is where Moffett Field is located, which is a major U. S. government research center, so perhaps the event was the result of some type of work or display conducted there.  If this had been a genuine UFO-related event, we suspect that hundreds of reports would have been generated, and the incident would be well known among present-dayUFO investigators.  However, I have never heard of the incident before this report.  We would welcome other reports, if others were witness to the incident.  PD));37.3740612565446;-122.02055183246
loud explosions by white star like light;1989-12-16 00:00:00;4-5 mn.;loud explosions by white star like light I heard several loud explosions with the same interval of time between each. I went out on the porch and observed a white light which looked like a star. It was hard to judge it's distance but it exploded every 3-4 seconds and dimmed.I was looking east towards Santa Clara along Evelyn Ave.This same phenomena also happened on Feb. 7th 1991. This time at 22:30 (approx.) After 15-20 minutes a C-141 came from the north and flew around the area. I talked to a 7-11 cashier closer to the event who jumped under the counter he was so scared, this was several days later. Probably police reports filed on this one.;37.3740612565446;-122.02055183246
Green flames, same color as traffic lights. Flames were horizontal but otherwise looked like flames in a fireplace. Lasted only about 1;1998-02-10 00:30:00;10 seconds;Green flames, same color as traffic lights. Flames were horizontal but otherwise looked like flames in a fireplace. Lasted only about 10 seconds the first time I saw them but they lasted about 2 seconds the second time I saw them on a different night. They were over Lockheed Space and Missles facility in sunnyvale, Ca. Both sightings were just after 12:30 in the morning as I was going home after work on second shift. ((NUFORC Note:  Date and time are approximate.  PD));37.3740612565446;-122.02055183246
flashing object with erratic motion;2008-10-01 22:45:00;20 seconds;flashing object with erratic motion Tonight I observed an irregular object on a bearing 135 degrees, passing directly overhead at constant rate of speed under the cloud base of roughly 6000 feet. As there are several airports nearby, I usually ignore aircraft passing overhead. However, this object was unusual in that it displayed a very erratic sequence of strobe lights, which appeared to flash in quick sequence as a cluster with an irregular outline, go dark for about 5 seconds, then start up again. I saw a irregular outline of this object as the cloud level reflected city lights around the object, subtending about 1 degree in diameter. At this altitude and lighting conditions, I can normally see wings and tail on aircraft. That said, I would completely dismiss this sighting, except for one odd detail. As I tracked the movement of this object, the cluster of strobes would sometimes appear clearly outside the previous location of this object, giving the impression the object was quickly darting from one position to another. I thought this was a perceptual illusion until this odd behavior repeated 6 times, but I'm still baffled.  The nature of these strobes appeared as a very quick, erratic sequence, no geometric arrangement appearing to change color almost too quickly to register. These may have been orange, blue, yellow—and quite different from the static red/green position lights seen on wing tips, and I normally don't see strobes darting around on aircraft.;37.3740612565446;-122.02055183246
Vertical streak of red/orange light in the sky making 90 degree turns then disappearing.;2017-11-14 17:35:00;0.5 seconds;Vertical streak of red/orange light in the sky making 90 degree turns then disappearing. Location details: Driver seat of my car facing south, stop at the intersection of I-101 and Lawrence Blvd in Sunnyvale, CA. Observation Details:  While stopped at the intersection a split second vertical streak of light in the distant horizon caught my eye.  The light resembled a falling star. It started above the horizon and ended at about the horizon.  The thin light was constant in shape and red/orange in color.  The odd thing was the path of the light.  As the light traveled down vertically, it made a 90 degree turn to the west followed immediately by another 90 degree turn down (toward the ground) then disappeared.  The whole event lasted a split second but the path was clearly visible. Background of observer:  Kansas native with aviation manufacturing background. Commercial Multi-Engine Instrument Pilot.;37.3740612565446;-122.02055183246
