The unexplained bright blue light.;1995-09-01 10:30:00;3 minutes;The unexplained bright blue light. Me, my mom and my two cousins were driving home on the highway about four miles out of our town. Tnere was a car in front of us about 15 yards, when a bright blue light appeared i could see out the window looking out towards the field and you could see everything like it was day. i looked over at my mom and she slowed the car down to 20 or 30 miles and and we were all amazed at what we saw. The light lasted about three minutes and then it dissapeared. My mom told us all to out and up towards the sky to see if there was any thing in the sky. We didn't see anything after that, the car that was in front of us had pulled over along side the road and when we passed it, the two people in side were trying to wave us down, we were all a little nervious so we kept going until we got home. I gotta tell you this was the most unexplained experience I have ever had.;44.9994;-101.2415
lighted crafts seem to take notice of us;1997-06-15 22:00:00;almost 45 mins.;lighted crafts seem to take notice of us i went out looking around with some friends of mine south of town where we go to hunt in the fall and our vehicle broke down just before it got dark so i called for help and a ride and we sarted walking back to the main road which was maybe half mile noth of us.  there is houses around this area but pretty far off and the area is also located just  noth of the missouri river. as we were walking we looked off to the sout west of us and seen bright lights along the horizon and stopped to smoke a gigarette and watch for a few minutes while we rested. we continued to walk north toward the road and on of the guys with me noticed that the lights were now a series of sever lights all in a row along the horizon at first we thought they were head lights from the high way which was also due west of us that travels south.  but as we walsed thelight started to move in unusual patterens and stated to bounce as if they were bouncing off the horizon over one another.  one of the guys i was with had a rifle with a scope on it and decided to look through it to get a better look at what we were seeing and just as he raised the scope to see they all stopped moveing and did what seemed to be moving in our direction.  now we said to each other to keep moving and not to do that again and not to look back.  by the time we walked for a few minutes we seen headlights o fthe people who were coming topick us up and really didn't look to see of the lights we had seen behind us were still there. in one instance the lights had merged together to form one then they spread out over the horizon adn did this maybe twice.;44.9994;-101.2415
Red and blue lights, turning real bright.;2002-07-07 09:45:00;20 min.;Red and blue lights, turning real bright. We were in a rural community, which I would rather not disclose due to the cultural grounds close to the sighting.  But my brother, his wife, her little brother, and myself were all sitting in a broken down car while every one else was in an inipi (sweat ceremony).  My brother, his wife, and myself were smoking a cigarrette, and her little brother was staring at the horizon in a northwest direction.  And he spotted 1 dim light off in the distance that seemed real low.   It begin to move and disappear behind hills as if it were traveling over the prairie close to the ground.  As it came closer I say still around 3 miles away it split into 2 dim lights, and they both seemed as if they were slowly zigzaging back and forth.  We got out of the car by then and stood at the top of the dirt road leading to the sweat ceremony.  The lights got 1/4 miles away and came down into the valley we were in, and approached the island which is accross the creek from where we were.!  The island itself is about 1/2 mile in diameter.   Both lights then turned into 2 separate colors-one Red, one blue.  The blue light came to the closer end of the island by us.  By then that would be about 300 yards away.   They both intensified the color by getting VERY bright, so bright it lit up the valley as if it were day. I remember focusing on the blue light, but it was so bright, and we all became scared and turned and ran...   We never went back to see what it had done.  But thats the story. Also there was no sound…;44.9994;-101.2415
a large bright light was taking our picture.;2005-05-28 21:30:00;4.5sec;a large bright light was taking our picture. as we were coming out of our apartment, going to the convenience store, i noticed a bright light moving slowly at an eastern direction, just below the moon. it was a full moon that night so the night was pretty lit up with stars. i thought it was a satelite, but it seemed to be slowing down to a steady pace. i alerted my girlfriend about the light, just to make sure i was'nt freaking out. she became very nervous, and wanted to go quickly. and thats when it seemed to be observing our town, because we live in an apartment complex south of town. it seemed to flashing lights at us, they were'nt bright but suttle, and wierd. because with every flash i could see the open fields behind our apartments. but beyond that the flash would stop. i looked up again and it started to move faster, but this time it started to turn in a southern direction. with a quick flash of light it disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));44.9994;-101.2415
