Sighting of Cone/Sphere shaped Crafts at Solano County Sherrifs Dept. , Fairfield, CA  500 Lights On Object0: Yes;2006-08-23 21:00:00;Evenings;Sighting of Cone/Sphere shaped Crafts at Solano County Sherrifs Dept., Fairfield, CA At the Solano County Sheriffs department located in Fairfield, Ca, a federally funded facility, I was an inmate who experience and sighting of an UFO outside my window during the evening for several months.  I brought is to the attention of the one the correctional officers and they agreed with the same sighting with no action taken.  These sighting happened only during the evening hours until morning. I saw during the evening hours several crafts that are cone/sphere shaped, each with it’s own color being, orange, red and white.  They land and take off in the middle yard surround by the jail located. I saw small alien like creatures enter in the facility via ports in the walls  (meaning corners of the walls) of certain jail cell where inmates were kept. I also, experience entry into my body via moment like a pushing feeling.  I felt something enter my body and my urine turned a strange green color and my legs were cramped. I still feel the cramping today. In March 2007, I saw a beam of light leave landing site going toward space. During my stay, I heard one of the inmates claim that they went to a planet number #32.  The guards at the facility seem to change in tech and uniforms as to the actual launching of the facility itself.  The entire building would shake as if it were landing and hitting the ground. I saw that the elevator would go down stairs underground and I still was able to see the lights of the cone/sphere crafts outside my window which would lead me to believe they we went up rather than down stairs. I showed the guard the lights outside my window and they seem to be aware of  their landing. I asked a female guard if inmates here at Solano County were taken to outer spaces and they replied, “Yes”.  They seem to negotiate over everything the inmates do, which did not seem like normal human behavior. I was located in mode B which seems to have a lot of traffic from the cone/sphere like craft to land. This is a serious sighting. This facility is paid with tax payer dollars.  I was shocked to find out this is what happens in these correctional facilities. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));38.2586364779873;-122.08063836478
