triangle with 3 llights blinking.;2007-10-10 13:00:00;3 hours;triangle with 3 llights blinking. a triangle shaped thing. slowly moving acrost the sky.lights on each pont. thay blinked in some sort of patern, it was vary large, covoring much of the sky. in the dark, stars vanished as this shape movied past. a car slowly wint past the house, i called my sister, i could see the cars  lights shine on it. it was dark black, then changed to a silver. i could not beleve what hapened, my sister left, but i saw it glow, and it faced me. i saw more light then ever, then i saw  all around me was glowing. thay spoke in unnon words. i could not understand or see then. then someone or somthing steped closer to me. i still could not understand it. i tryed to get away from it, it spoke and i could understand , do not run a-way. we must look at you. i don't know what it ment. i was sundenly picked up ,nuthing was touching me , i was put down onto a vary cold  table. thay had this stick, it was flashing, ponted at me. then i was put back onto a floor. the light faded, i was looking out the window again. the craft changed color again, it became a gold and black . lights still blinking. and it moved north west. the radio was still going, the thing made a sound a screaching sound, my radio made the same sound and that unnon words.  at frst unshore what to do,  i gust kept it to myself.;42.1215;-76.2496
Triangular craft spotted with 3 white lights on corners, hovered without sound.;2011-08-02 21:25:00;3 minutes;Triangular craft spotted with 3 white lights on corners, hovered without sound. Triangular in shape and the whole bottom lit up, hovered then took off.....Hovered over the Lockheed Martin site on Rte 17c in Owego, NY.  Funny part is it didn’t  show up on cell phone camera when ((name deleted)) tried to take a picture of it (I was driving)  Was triangle, with three white lights one on each corner that and a solid red light in center of bottom I will do my best to draw it up. After hovering it moved slowly toward Hickory Park in Owego, then took off very fast moving south toward Pennsylvania .  Both the wife and I saw it, she first noticed it as I was driving, when we first seen it the entire bottom was lit up in white light.It was high up, but when I got out of the car, I could see it was triangle shape on bottom, due to the light pattern that gave some dimension, the color appeared to be a charcoal brown, but as far as size. If I had to guess with distance and size in our view, I would guess it to be at-least 500 foot from one light to the other to the n! ext,  It was much closer than the 747's fly in the area, and I could see more detail on it than the planes that fly around here too, even with it being dark. At first it was just a bright line of light (viewed from Rte 434 in front of NYS Police barracks in Owego, then as we moved north (toward the light) the dimensions became more apparent.  Also made no sound.;42.1215;-76.2496
