silet oject with red light northern NJ;2004-10-09 08:45:00;45 seconds;silet oject with red light northern NJ I saw an oject with a red light and no other lights move over my house at high speed and just keep going. I could see it was pretty big cause there was light refecting off of it.Grabbed my camera and took a few pictures but by the time i got the camera out of the car it was pretty far away. Not sure yet if they came out.  Just moved in and have to find the cord for the didgital camera. I will find it and look at the pics but I dont think they are much good.;40.9363;-74.6608
It was white, almost big (but not huge, smaller than big), made noise when it fell, lumpy (looked like more than one thing, not sure);2011-04-28 09:30:00;1 week;It was white, almost big (but not huge, smaller than big), made noise when it fell, lumpy (looked like more than one thing, not sure) It was around 9:30 in the morning (I’m not sure the exact date, either in May or April), when I was in my kitchen with my mom. Suddenly, from outside, I heard something fall. So I look out the window, and in my backyard, in the northeast corner of my backyard, is a lump/pile of white stuff that looks like plastic. It even sounded like a ton of large, empty, plastic milk containers falling on top of each other. Also, it was right under a tree. I showed my mom, and she said she didn’t know what it was, probably just plastic falling from the tree. Honestly, I think it was way too big to be in a tree without the tree dropping it until then. And I’ve never seen plastic in that tree. I’ve never seen plastic in any tree! And how would plastic get up there, anyway?    However, I was going to go out to inspect it, but I couldn’t find the time. So one day, I was about to go look at it, when I saw it wasn’t there anymore! Again, I told my mom, and she said my dad probably picked it up. Honestly, I don’t know what it was.  My guess that it could either be:  Plastic falling from a tree  A small UFO  Pieces of a UFO   Things from inside a UFO ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.9363;-74.6608
