A large greenish Orb is sighted near Cedar Grove WI early in the AM 11/20/85 for aprox. 10 minutes by two witnesses;1985-11-20 04:18:00;10 minutes;A large greenish Orb is sighted near Cedar Grove WI early in the AM 11/20/85 for aprox. 10 minutes by two witnesses May 27, 2001 To my friend, Peter Davenport I've thought long and hard about whether or not to write this letter to you. Please take the time to read it completely. It's honest and true. Almost 16 years ago (11/20/1985) while on route to a Professional Photography Seminar in Indiana, another Professional Photographer and I witnessed something that I still can't explain to this day. Let me go into detail. We were traveling south on Interstate 43 at approximately 4:15 a.m. near Cedar Grove, Wisconsin (approximately 39 miles north of Milwaukee). I remember making a comment about how black and crystal clear the sky is. I am an amateur astronomer and you tend to notice details about the sky such as (where the moon is, sunrise time, constellations, meteors, etc.). My partner, who was driving, let out a yell (and a few choice words) and told me to look at that thing. I said what thing? He told me to look east toward Lake Michigan. I couldn't believe my eyes. We both saw a greenish glowing orb east toward Lake Michigan. We pulled over quickly on the gravel shoulder of I-43. I looked at my watch and it was now 4:18 a.m. We both got out of the car and just stared at the object. The orb or whatever it was, appeared east from our location at an angle of approximately 45 degrees off the eastern horizon. It was impossible to judge distance given that we had nothing to reference it to (the area is extremely dark with few lights.) We were approx. 2 miles west of Lake Michigan. The size of the object was difficult to ascertain given the lack of reference. I, however, did a simple comparison that gave me some sort of repeatable ratio to the object. I held my arm straight out fully extended toward the object and made a tight fist to reference the size of my fist to the object. The object was almost the same size as my closed fist at arm's length. The time that the object remained at this size was about four minutes. During this period of time, the orb didn't seem to move or change in brightness or color. It remained clearly round and had a definite diffused greenish glow to it. After this period of time (approximately 4 minutes), the object did a strange thing. The object began to i! ncrease rapidly in size I did my extended arm test again and this time the object was about the size of an open hand with the fingers fully extended. (At this time, I think we both felt a sense of fear at what we were seeing.) I can only estimate that the object stayed at this size for an additional 3 to 4 minutes. After this time period (approximately 8 minutes from first seeing the object), the object began to decrease in size and became as before, about the size of a closed fist at arm's length. At about this time, my partner grabbed his camera, and fired off a few frames of film. (Unfortunately, he had only daylight portrait film loaded) Because of the low ISO rating, the film was not sensitive enough to record low light without a tripod and long exposure. The next thing that happened was even stranger. While we both observed the object, it seemed to expand outwardly and de-materialize right in front of our eyes. We both observed the object a total of about (10 Minutes) including the time when we saw it de-materialize. The time according to my watch was now 4:30 AM. I know how crazy this probably sounds to you, but as God as my witness, this event is true. We had to be in Indiana at a Professional Seminar by 8:30 AM so we had to continue on our journey. The following day after the sighting, I called The Center For UFO Studies in Chicago. I have to admit I felt awkward and a bit uneasy calling in about a subject such as this. The man who talked to me was pleasant and asked a lot of questions (such as directions, time, location, clouds, etc.). I answered carefully and honestly as best I could. When I had finished describing what we had seen, he told me that the Center For UFO Studies had received three separate reports from three commercial airline pilots who had apparently seen something east of my location at approximately the same time and date.   He however, wouldn't go into detail. I don't use drugs never have, and never will. I only have an occasional alcoholic beverage. I have a clean record and have never been in trouble with the law. I have never had any mental problems. What I have said is 100% true and honest. Before this sighting, I would have laughed at people who claim to see UFO's. I no longer laugh at this subject. Many rational people have observed unexplainable things in our skies. I, frankly, don't know what we saw that early morning almost 16 years ago. I do know it was not a normal occurrence or imagination. One important thing we did the next day was to make a tape recording with all the information and details still fresh in our minds. I also made several duplicate tapes and have distributed them. I know this sounds paranoid however, at the time we took this event very seriously. If you need additional information or would like to contact me by telephone please call me collect. My phone number is (920) ((number deleted)) after 5 PM central time week days. I would appreciate it if you would not use my name in your Sightings Data Base. I have not (at this point) contacted the second witness about reporting his sighting to NUFORC thank you for your time ((name deleted)) ((street name deleted)) Sheboygan WI 530XX;43.5746;-87.8398
