Cigar Craft with 5 to 6 window openings traveling along I-95 Interstate in Connecticut;2012-07-09 22:25:00;3 minutes;Cigar Craft with 5 to 6 window openings traveling along I-95 Interstate in Connecticut I awoke from a restful slumber to a some what loud humming noise. I went into my kitchen thinking it was the old freezer &quotwe&quot have that my domestic partner refuses to get rid of.  As I approached the kitchen, my sharp eyes caught something quite strange outside my bay window.  It is then I realized that it was not the old freezer making the noise, but rather something from outside.  Out of curiosity,  I went outside to see what was making the noise, and to my amazement, in the airspace above me, was a very large cigar shaped craft, metallic in color, with 5 to six small openings along the side where a dim light could be seen radiating out each individual one.  From estimation, based on the height of my roof top, the craft was anywhere from 500 to 700 ft in the air.  It was moving near the 95 interstate traveling south east. It was traveling at a somewhat slow speed and creating a humming noise which left me shaking in my boots.  I was frozen in shock for ! a couple of minutes just staring at it. It was then that I ran in my house to grab my filming camera we use for other things, but when I returned the craft had moved a great distance southeast.   I was left dumbfounded and confused.  I know what I saw and was a skeptic until tonight.  There is no way in this God forsaken place we call Earth, that no one else saw what I saw.  It was too big and traveling in an area (I-95) where thousands of people of all colors travel every minute of the day!  I would be EXTREMELY surprised if more reports about this craft do not start pouring in from the great state of Connecticut over the next few days. I will report this, if necessary to the highest of authorities in the state, not excluding, if need be, the leader of the United Nations. This how confused and disturbed I am about what I saw. Our government is manipulating us about the UFO subject and I will be damned if my domestic partner Harry and I do not speak up about this so people start ! putting pressure on Washington.  Mr. Davenport, you have a new supporte r and warrior in the fight for disclosure after what I witnessed tonight!  Thank you for your time and consideration of my experience. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.1426;-73.2853
