Six orange lights observed in the sky by three people, moving at constant speed and altitude from south to north.;2006-10-01 23:15:00;30 seconds;Six orange lights observed in the sky by three people, moving at constant speed and altitude from south to north. B's report  At about 11:15 PM on Sunday, October 1st, 2006, my wife saw unusual lights crossing the night sky outside our home. She called me to quickly come out on the deck to see them. I did so. (Our home sits on a hill facing to the southeast, overlooking the South Park region of the central Colorado Rockies.)  There were six yellowish orange (light orange) lights visible at roughly equal intervals, positioned fairly closely together in a 'follow-the-leader' fashion, moving from South to North, at an estimated distance of roughly one mile away from our observation point, low in the sky- (likely less than half a mile above the ground) They were moving at a constant speed and altitude, and no sound was able to be heard. The single light on each object appeared to be emitted form the front of each, relative to the direction of their travel as they passed and were moving away, the lights began to be blocked progressively by the bulk of each object, so that they were obstructed progeessively until they were no longer visible when they were past us by 45 to 50 degrees. The lights were visible for less than 30 seconds.  The following morning, my brother-in-law, who was visiting & staying in their RV on our property, reported that he was also outside at the same time, and also saw these lights pass by from south to north.  M's added report: When I saw the lights I knew instantly they were like nothing I had ever seen before. They had a strange color- sort of an orange glow where a cockpit would be, however, the glow did not come out in a beam. Though we could hear other night sounds and traffic noises three miles away, the lights were utterly silent. I had an impression that the craft( If that is what they were) had an elongated shape, but I cannot be sure. The moon was in the south and they were flying away from it so we were not catching reflections from it. They had no wing or tail lights of any kind and were only visable for about 30 seconds. There were 6 of them in a straight line maybe a half mile away. They did not appear to be abnormaly large (but bgigger than the stars). The night was lit with moon light and a few light wispy clouds were out. There was no wind. (I am a naturalist and very used to picking out details in the natural world.);39.2231;-106.0034
