11 orange oval objects moving under perceived intelligent control;2009-11-24 19:45:00;15 minutes;11 orange oval objects moving under perceived intelligent control Wednesday evening, November 24, 2009 approximately 7:40 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. Night conditions - clear moon in crescent  Noted orange oval in eastern sky moving south distance appeared to be approximately 3 miles + in elevation (I think it was probably at 50 degrees from the horizontal) orange oval moved southerly direction, followed by yet another orange oval  both ovals disappeared from sight another orange oval then was noted moving from the northern part of the sky toward the south, this was followed closely by yet another oval  a group of 4 ovals then followed, they were not in a set formation and appeared to speed up and slow down independently of the other ovals.  The ovals moved toward the south and then appeared to vanish.  A single oval then moved quickly across the sky it appeared to move more quickly than the preceding ovals it moved the distance of my view (about 30 to 45 degrees) in about 10 seconds then disappeared after this oval disappeared, an additional oval came across the sky not as fast as the previous one   the sky remained clear for about 5 minutes then I note! d 2 orange ovals moving from north to south the lead oval appeared to slow down and the following oval almost seemed to merge with it but did not then the lead oval turned easterly and disappeared the last oval also changed direction to the east and eventually vanished from sight. I have witnessed northern lights displays these were not northern lights.  They appeared too high in elevation and moved in such ways that they could not be aircraft on night maneuvers even though there is an air force base 50 miles north.  I had lived in close proximity to the base and know what the aircraft look like in the dark.  I at first thought it was space debris burning in the earth’s atmosphere but no space debris nor meteors could change directions as I witnessed.  Space debris and meteors hit the earth they don’t change direction and disappear.  I also thought it was something to do with the Space Shuttle Atlantis that had launched the week before but logically it was too far north. It has never been my intent to seek out UFOs.  I enjoy star gazing but am only able to do so on rare occasions.  This whole thing occurred while I had my dog out for her nightly rituals.;47.6675;-101.6142
