Two very large Orange Orbs Hovering directly over our House, Whitehorse, Yukon Territory, Canada;2005-02-05 09:15:00;6 minutes;Two very large Orange Orbs Hovering directly over our House, Whitehorse, Yukon Territory, Canada Posted below was my actual email to the ufoyukon@ufobc.ca website.   Since then i have figured out that it was 9:15 because i dialed 411 at 9:21 to get a friends phone # to tel them to look up at the these lights  Also since then we have figured out that the lights wer emaybe the size of 1 or 2 737's as the other night we saw a plane fly over our house and the size of the plane allowed us to roughly determine the size of what we saw..as what we saw was maybe 300-500 feet away from our house (we live in the country in total darkness with no city lights or anything) and the tops of the trees and part of the gorund covered in snow was lit up orange... On the tuesday after our house (wife, fatherinlaw, motherinlaw and I) saw this a friend phoned me and mentioned her husbands two contractor buddies and a couple children at a group home about two streets over or maybe 8 acres away saw the exact same thing.  I was told by my friend that they were so scared they hid under their house until it moved away as they thought it was going to crash into thier house (that is how close it was) ..when it slowly moved away (which was towards my house ) they came back out and watched it slowly move away and stop and then shoot straight to space.   i have phoned them a couple times but i am afraid they are still to scared to talk about what happened...these two objects were so close to our house and i guess their it was unbelievable...it was truly unbelievable and has changed my life forever... on the wednesday after our sighting...in iqaluit (nunavut) CBC reported a story of two bright orange lights over that city following each other and sounded like a mirror image of what we saw that night.... Also since talking to the UFO BC web site people...i have read recently that there was 2 other sightsing out here in teh past 7 years....similar story... All i can say is i wish i could talk to somebody to understand what we saw... Again there was no sound...and also since talking it over many times we both agreed we saw a red lights in the middle as it got closer and top and bottom was the orange... the strangest part i will never forget was wathcing it go away...it didnt go north, south east or west...it went UP...i had goosebumps the size of elephants on every inch of my skin...  ((name deleted)) 867-((telephone number deleted))   *******************  Saturday night February 5, 2005    9:25pm     Watching TV.  went to check aurora Borealis predictions for father-in-law at about 9:25pm tonight.  Came back into living room where I told him that tonight would be a good night to see the green northern lights.  Took a peek outside to see if it was actually clear and two quite large VERY ORANGE lights were slowing coming towards the house very slowly.  They seemed side by side and we noticed no other flashing lights or anything.  We heard absolutely no sound from the outside as we looked towards the weird lights.   They continued to approach the house ( we live in Mary Lake Country Residential Subdivision, 15 minutes outside of Whitehorse Yukon).  They went ot he side of our house and we watched them for maybe 5 minutes as they just seem to hang around outside slowly moving away.  The lights then came really close to each other, then one went up , the other went down, and vice versa.  Then the right light slowly appeared to move farther away with the other light following the first light.  The lights didn’t go further away but rather straight up.  Then one just disappeared completely.  Then the last one just sat there way up in the sky and appeared to have some additional colors flashing    I ran back downstairs as I went upstairs to watch them move away.   I got back, the other one had disappeared.    My heart is still beating fast.  I have never seen something so silent, so bright, so close just float by my house.    Weather :-30  Wind, nil clouds, none    Never had such a weird feeling, and as I write this I remember the TV flickered a bit just before I saw these northern lights, but they were not the lights I originally looked outside to see?    If you hear of others this night please email.    A couple years ago I thought I saw a disc shaped object by a fox lake we have up here but thought nothing of it..till now.  That one also disappeared.quickly    Have a nice night!    ((name deleted));60.718;-135.0475
