Three points of white light moving in a trianglular formation.;2000-11-18 19:30:00;1.5 to 2 minutes;Three points of white light moving in a trianglular formation. Sighting occured at home on a mostly clear night, little cloud.  Three points of white, steady light in the sky, moving together.  About star brightness.  Lights made a near isoceles triangle in shape.  Approx 20, 75, and 85 degree corners with the acute angle leading the formation.  Heading  due east.  First saw the lights directly overhead in the constellation of Cassiopeia.  They did not outline a solid object because stars passed behind the line of the lights and remained visible.  Lights moved slowly, like a high altitude jet.  Distance between the front light and the rear lights was about three thumbnails at arms legnth.  Distance between the two tail lights was about one thumbnail at arms length.  Lost sight of the lights behind a cloud bank just before they passed the Seven Sisters star cluster.  Lights did not appear to emerge on the other side of the cloud bank.  The line of flight was can be illustrated by drawing a line between the mid point star in Cassiopeia and the Seven Sisters cluster.  Sighting lasted one and a half to two minutes.  Have not been able to ascertain if there was any air traffic overhead as of yet.  Noise from the highway and residential area prevented me from hearing anything other than that.  Very similar to two previous sightings of the same nature I have experienced, and reported, but not to this organization.;60.718;-135.0475
3rd witness report on Whitehorse, Yukon sighting of Feb 5/05;2005-02-05 21:15:00;15 mins;3rd witness report on Whitehorse, Yukon sighting of Feb 5/05 This information was sent to ufoyukon@ufobc.ca on February 6/05. I will repeat what I wrote in my original e-mail. Tonight- Saturday - at 9:15pm I went outside for a smoke and did so on the backdoor stoop - which faces east, north and south. On the horizon to the east (added - from Mary Lake subdivision)I briefly saw a light low on the horizon but obscured by trees - thinking a star. I moved slightly to to look for it again but did not see it. A few minutes later again saw a light briefly but again it disappeared. A few minutes later a light appeared from the east in the direction I had seen before along with another, following. Both lights were of the same intensity and both were of a reddish colour about 3 times the brightness of the planet in the ESE at the time. Both lights followed each other, slowly. First impression was of 2 helicopters coming in to land at the airport. There were no flashing lights, just a reddish light common to both with no apparent difference in intensity nor quality. Followed the lights, measured the distance between then when above (as high as an uparm salute {80 degree arc?}as the distance of 3/4 of my index finger. The flight path came from the east deviating in a northerly direction. When at their highest but to my left both lights stopped. The lead light then turned north (and at this time a small meteor came from the east) and within a short distance faded altogether. The other light then continued on its flight path - easterly/northerly - and I had to step off the stoop to go to the edge of my deck {16'} as the roof of the {2 storey} housebegan to obscure the light. The light then continued for a short while until it too faded. I am assuming that perhaps this was a satellite insertion of some sort. However the colour of the lights and slow speed were not something I have seen before in reference to satellites nor the direction. Other satellite insertions have been from the south to north - where rocket/satellite separate at relatively high speeds/altitudes and with a colour of usual satellite observation - ie white. I have no idea of the altitude of the reddish lights. Difficult to judge without knowing the size of the lights. There was no sound involved. Incidentally at 11.45pm there were 2 meteors coming from the north - the first with quite a head to be followed seconds later by a smaller one. I live in Wolf Creek Rural Residential Subdivision which is located 1 mile west of the Mary Lake Subdivision mentioned in one of the reports on this incident and my property is on the eastern boundary. This area is on one of the flight paths into Whitehorse airport and on the flight path of Anchorage flights to the east and reverse. There are numerous satellites traversing overhead and dependent upon reflection can be very bright or quite dim.;60.718;-135.0475
