((HOAX??))  Cool scary and weird.;2016-08-22 00:00:00;the past three nights;cool scary and weird ((NUFORC Note:  We also received a telephoned message from the source of this report, but it was laced with profanity, which, in our experience, is not a good sign.  We have attempted to contact the witness via telephone on 4-5 occasions, but unsuccessfully, to date.  PD))  we went to the Plato we always hit golf balls off and we were sitting there hanging out I looked out the window up at the sky and to my surprise began seeing all these what looked like stars moving in the sky in ways that anything from our planet doesn't have.  we thought made we were tripping out so I then called my friend and told him to pout on his pants and get out side and look in the sky we are seeing alien ships.... he obviously laughed at me and then did it just to please me...(he didn't be).  then to his surprise he saw things like we were in  the sky.... I then later after my cousin and I got relatively scared for the amount of objects we saw moving in the sky. so we get him and I look out the window again and they r still there  so I get him to look and he sees as well. we went back to the Plato because its better there and continued to observe until daylight......we have gone the past 2 days since and u have no idea what happened.... so day two:  legit had 5 ppl this time so we could assure our selves that the weren't actually tripping out.  turns out we had an encounter with something...  it was running up a hill at us then watching us out of the bushes we tried to get it come out  and we went far into the bush until the sun cAME out again...day 3 last night: even more weird so the 3 of us went back to see what was up again.  so our theory is these things are translucent smart harmless and the straight up crossed the river and then we saw what looked like things being beamed up from the earth into these ship like stars like the ones we saw on the last 2 nights in the sky...typing sucks we could tell u all about verbally it would be better the three of us are going tonight with out other friend who felt presence two nights before us with he friend........ and why are there so many military ppl in Whitehorse Yukon…;60.718;-135.0475
