Black rectangular shaped craft observed with night-vision equipment. No sound or lights!;2004-05-01 01:30:00;1-2 minutes;Black rectangular shaped craft observed with night-vision equipment. No sound or lights! I was assigned to the local high school, as a Deputy Sheriff, to provide security for the school against student vandalism. While sitting in my patrol car I was using our night-vision monocular, which was issued to me for this assignment, to observe the sky as it was a clear morning. A few minutes later something dark in the sky caught my attention through the lens. This object was not visible to the naked eye, however, the night-vison unit accentuates any available light and this in-turn illuminated the stars brightly. The object was visible to me only because it blocked out the stars in the sky's background thus it was clearly and sharply defined although black in color.  The object was moving from West to East with absolutely no sound. My environment at the school parking lot was totally quiet with only an occasional passing car on Highway 129N which is located approximately 1,000 ft. from my location. The object had no lights and did not illuminate whatsoever.  The object's shape was something akin to a cross with two differences: 1. Picture a cross with the horizontal portion moved forward near the top but not quite. 2. There was another horizontal portion visible towards the rear. That portion was not as wide as the forward horizontal postion. Also, all portions, especially the horizontals, were about 25% broader than what you would expect on a standard (?) cross.  Obviously the size/altitude could not be determined, nor the speed. However, the night-vison I was using does not magnify and I would estimate that the apparent size from my view, if you took a coin in an outstretched hand, appeared about the size of a quarter-dollar.  My viewing time was around a couple of minutes. I lost sight of the object due to the awkward angle of trying to crane my neck from right to left as it moved across the sky. I exited my vehicle to further look for it, however I could not.  As a retired professional pilot of 20 years . . .I have seen many things I could not immediately explain, however, none of them remained a mystery for more than a few minutes.  This object is absolutely un-explainable to me and I have had two years to ponder it. I DO NOT believe in extraterrestrial craft at this point and I am certainly a dyed-in-the-wool skeptic on such matters. I cannot conceive of a rational explanation. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.5875;-83.753
