My partner and I were sitting in our living room and heard a strang  whirring noise out curiosity I decided to look out the window and;2020-01-21 00:00:00;1 minute;my partner and I were sitting in our living room and heard a strang  whirring noise out curiosity I decided to look out the window and  saw a UFO  with a red study light a blinking green light an blinking golden yellowish  light  that seem to almost appear as if they  formed a triangle the weather was fine the sky was clear and starry and no moon was out Within  the  same hour  of witnessing the first UFO I heard the I heard the same noise and decided again to investigate I noticed  outside  within a few football fields away was the same similar looking object with  the same light and blinking pattern and the weather condition was the same as the previous sighting of the  first UFO;44.3311;-75.4643
At about 12:50 or so I was sitting down with my girlfriend to put together a puzzle . shortly after we began separating out the edge pi;2020-01-21 00:00:00;1 minute;at about 12:50 or so I was sitting down with my girlfriend to put together a puzzle . shortly after we began separating out the edge pieces we heard an odd sound with a little prompting from my girlfriend I got up and looked out the window . across the street above the neighbors house was an odd red light that was steady and yellow light and green light blinking moved across the sky slowly .  I moved from window to window in the house observing these lights that were formed in a triangular fashion . and then we both watched the lights from the last window as it drifted towards the North .  the sound was almost indescribable . it certainly was no helicopter but the movements that made was like that of a helicopter it was absolutely no air plane . even one propelled by a propeller such as a crop duster would not move that slowly as for it being a drone I highly doubt it it was much larger than that I have no idea what this object was so I called for help to try! to identify it . I am skeptical of such things as aliens and UFOs so with much reluctance I attempted contacting Air Traffic Control and  then  online found the number to this site . less than an hour later we heard a similar sound and rush outside with the camera on the phone ready tape the same sort of object moving in another Direction nevertheless the camera was too weak to pick it up . it was an extraordinary clear night with no moonlight plenty of stars shining bright . ambient light was at a very low level and for that matter at my back . I spend a lot of time looking at the night sky and have never seen a sight so stunning or heard a soud so terrifying.  truly A.M.;44.3311;-75.4643
