One white hot explosion, two light objects connect then vanish in Canada.;2001-06-16 23:46:00;2 or 3 minutes;One white hot explosion, two light objects connect then vanish in Canada. Okay, it was the evening of June 16/early morning of June 17, 2001. It happened some time between 11:45pm and 12:15am.  A beautiful starry night and myself and 3 others were star gazing with a telescope.  For some reason, the telescope would not focus too well, so mainly we were chatting and looking up at the beautiful stars.  We were all taking particular interest in an especially bright star that we were trying to decide whether or not was Venus. It was in the southern sky. So, just below and to the left of what we thought was Venus, a light appeared, much like that of a star.  Didn't think too much of it, the sky was full of them after all.  Then, quite suddenly this star burst a brilliant bright 'hot' light. We all squinted, it was that powerfully bright of an explosion.  So, of course we were all shouting out, Look, look! What was that!!? We all stared intently. It remained in the same spot for a few seconds as it slowly faded back to it's original brightness. Then, it began to very purposefully move westward.  One witness said, Look, there's another one! This one was of the same brightness (not the explosive bright, but now the average star brightness) as the first one now. This second light was moving towards the first, they were meeting up.  They melded together, then shot upwards into the sky and vanished. I'll never forget seeing this.  Someone suggested that the explosion was perhaps a revving of an engine, like a turbo or something.  I have honestly tried to dissect this, and think what logically it might be, but it was not a falling star(s), nor was it an asteroid, meteor, plane, helicopter. It was amazingly fast.   That they completely changed course was amazing too.  A moment I will never forget! ((NUFORC Note:  We observe that the description of the exploding object is not inconsistent with the dramatic reflection/flare that can be caused by an Iridium satellite.  The <www.heavens-above.com> website, where such information can be obtained, indicates an Iridium flares could have been visible from Squamish at 22:56::56 hrs. on 16JN01 and at  00:13::51 on 17JN01.  PD));49.6979;-123.1552
