Large Square flying object constantly rotating while flying or hovering, with lights, and no sounds from it.;2016-08-11 19:10:00;45 seconds;Large Square flying object constantly rotating while flying or hovering, with lights, and no sounds from it. Hello:  I wasn't sure where to report what 5 of us witnessed yesterday evening. At approx. 7:10pm, my wife and I were out on our front patio deck with our 3 nieces.  We had taken 2 pairs of binoculars out with us, as we watch the hikers, and parasailers climb, and jump off the huge rock mountain here named The Chief. We had watched 3 separate para-sailers jump from the top of the mountain.  Our patio deck faces 3 directions, south, west, and north. As we had been watching the para-sailers, just viewing with my eyes, my oldest niece watching through one pair of binoculars, and my wife and other nieces see it by eyesight as well, we saw a large darker shadowy object flying very quickly across the top of the large rock mountain.  It moved like nothing I have ever witnessed.   I grabbed the Bushnell binoculars and zoomed in on this flying object.  At this point, my 7 year old niece was already crying, and very scared.  Our other 2 nieces are younger and probably aren't as aware of flying objects.   My wife had then used the binoculars that my niece had, and she watched this flying object as well.  We both had a clear approx. 30-second view through binoculars at this flying square object.  It came in fast from the south, we spotted it once it cleared the tall tree line across our road.   As it came closer, the colors started to clear on it.  This flying object constantly rotated around, although it was square in shape.  It rotated around both in flying mode, and in hovering mode.  It hovered above my wife and I for about 10 seconds at maybe 3/4 to 1 mile from us.  It continuously rotated.  As the colors and shape appeared in the binoculars, the main square body was a tan/dark to mid grey color.   Shape, as I'm a Certified Welder/Fabricator, picture 3 large steel shipping containers set side by side tightly, and welded together.  It was square and 1/4 as deep as it was long and wide.  It clearly had 3 large circular portal areas equally spaced along all 4 sides, not the top or bottom, and on all 4 sides, there were 3 portals.  It had a total of 12 portals.  I sketched it last night, and as I looked at my diagram trying to figure out how anything square could fly completely smooth, and horizontal, rotate constantly, and can stop and hover, while still  rotating, it appears to me, as if the 3 portals along all 4 sides as they were blue/grey in color, compared to the Tan/Dark Grey main body, would possibly be a propu! lsion system.  If all 12 portals could rotate a propulsion drive in a 360 degree movement, simliar to a Harrier jet, then yes, I can see how a square object could fly and hover.  I'm a Licenced Automotive Technician and Certified Welder/Fabricator by trade here, and I'm an avid custom car, truck, and motorcycle enthusiast, so I know almost every single mechanical sound on this planet.  The rotating square object made no noises.  We could hear the hikers and para-sailers talking on the mountain side, but nothing from this square flying object.  I and my wife witnessed it, it then started to move north again, and I watched it until the roofline made me run from the front to the back deck in 3 seconds, but on the back deck, it had completely disappeared, and we have a long, large view up the valley, and of the mountains off our back deck.   Like nothing I've ever seen, or even researched online.;49.6979;-123.1552
