Looked like a 10' glass ball with a ark welder inside putting off orange-red light over Burbank, WA.;2012-03-24 23:52:00;5 min;Looked like a 10' glass ball with a ark welder inside putting off orange-red light over Burbank, WA. Saturday night March 24, 2012 at 11:52pm I took my dog out to do his business and I noticed right over my tree in Burbank Wa. at about the same height as small air plain would fly or about twice the height of our water tour (maybe 500 feet) was a 8'-10' glass ball with what looked like a ark welder in it but it was putting off orange-red light instead of white. It was traveling east 100 degrees at about 15-20 miles an hour. Too slow for an air plane unless it was an ultralite but this ball put off so much light that it would have illuminated any craft around it. I knew no one would believe me without evidence so I ran back into the house and grabbed my video camera and got 5 min. of video of it going away from me until it went out of sight. It's an analog Hi-8 and I found a company in Kennewick called Sight & Sound Service that put it on DVD so I can upload it on the internet. I have uploaded it to YouTube and this is the link. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v! =QMLjbFHNCKw&feature=youtu.be I have talked to our Pasco air port and they said that they would not have record of radar because they shut down at 10:00pm. A few days later doing the same thing with the dog I saw a white orb come out of Burbank heights Arleen’s addition across the river towards Finley Wa. It was traveling very low and like a rocket. I haven't seen anything move that fast. It moved so fast I didn't even have time to turn on the camera I was holding. The object that I did get video of was right over me and it was putting out so much light that it actually would hurt your eyes if you stared at it to long. I had my camera in night vision mode so that it would film it at night so it looks white-green on film but it was really orange-red and maybe a hint of yellow. I didn't have time to grab my tripod so it's a bit shaky. I ran over to my fence and tried to stabilize the camera but it still moves around on the screen. This thing made no noise at all.;46.1954;-118.9028
A large, bright, orange sphere, with a tail that was blue and green;2012-08-07 22:25:00;7 seconds;A large, bright, orange sphere, with a tail that was blue and green I was sitting in my friend's car and we were parked by the side of the road.  When one friend who was sitting in the back seat on the driver's side looked up into the sky and pointed out what he thought was a shooting star.  As we look up, we see a blue and green tail on a large orange sphere that was very bright. it floated slowly across the sky for about 4 seconds then vanished into the distance. as soon as we see the orb disappear, two aircraft come flying close by where the orb once was. we were parked on a back road when we saw this. We are all males, 17, and active around the community.;46.1954;-118.9028
