As an 9 year old child I saw a dumbbell shaped object hovering in daytime at approx. 5000 feet.;1981-07-15 19:00:00;3 minutes;As an 9 year old child I saw a dumbbell shaped object hovering in daytime at approx. 5000 feet. The only part of this event I am not certain of is the exact time, or even the year.  I was probably 8, 9, or 10 years old when it happened, unfortunately no adults were present for me to contact and ask the year, and the only other witness was even younger than I was.  But the rest of it I remember with exceptional clarity. I was standing in the parking lot of George's Majestic Lounge (a live music bar) with my cousin, who is a couple of years younger than me.  Our parents were inside listening to music that we had no interest in, and, as our town used to be more or less completely crime free, we were allowed to play outside, as long as we didn't wander off. It was afternoon, about 2 hours before sunset, and the moon was visible and nearly full in the day sky.  For whatever reason I looked up into the sky, probably at the moon.  However, while looking up I noticed in the north sky, and slightly west, was a wierd object.  It was following the same path that commuter prop planes used in that era to reach our local airport (though it was flying higher than they do at that point in their approach), at first I thought it might be some kind of wierd helicopter.  As I stared at it, it quickly became apparent that it didn't look like any kind of flying object I'd ever seen. The object is best described as beeing basically shaped like a dumbell.  Each end, front and back, was a cube, the cubes were connected by a rectangular arm.  Unlike a dumbbell, the arm did not extend passed the ends of the cubes.  The object had no visible lights (it was daytime though, so I wouldn't have seen any but the brightest lights).  The object was high enough in the sky that its total length appeared equal to half the diameter of the full moon.  The object was uniformly grey.  I have always had very good vision and was able to see a certain amount of detail the cubes had smooth, featureless faces (at least the ones visible at my angle), but the arm appeared to be of a skeletal, framework construction.  The object also emitted no sounds or trails.  When I was watching it it moved considerably slower than an aircraft at a similar height. I watched, entranced, for several minutes, probably about 3 to 5.  My cousin must have noticed I was staring at something because when I finally became aware that maybe I should point it out to her, I saw she was already looking at it too.  I told her to get my mom, and she refused.  So I told her to watch it, and I went to get my mom and dad.  My parents were not eager to go outside to see the weird flying thing in the sky, and so we didn't go out for what seemed an eternity to me, but was probably only about 5 to 10 minutes.  Of course the object was gone.  My counsin said it had continued along its north to south course, but had moved faster and faster until it was gone, she said it hadn't dissapeared over the horizon (all paraphrased of course), but had gone up into the sky until she couldn't see it any longer somewhere in the southwest quadrant of the sky. For years afterwards I drew pictures of the object, on school papers, on the phone notepad, in books, etc.  I've never seen it since, nor have I ever heard of any sightings even remotely similar.  I remember some years later, still before I was in my teens (I am now 27, in 1999), that I heard about skylab, and it's plumet to earth at that point I just assumed that what I had seen was skylab.  But now I'm pretty sure I'll never have any idea of what the object really was.;36.070759375;-94.1807046874999
Fireball seen in the sky North of Fayetteville, Arkansas.;2001-02-05 05:00:00;5 seconds;Fireball seen in the sky North of Fayetteville, Arkansas. I was leaving to go to work and getting into my car when I glanced up to the sky just in time to see what appeared to be a meteor or space debris entering the sky to the north of Fayetteville, Arkansas, at 05:20.  I was looking up at the sky when the object appeared.  The object entered the sky at approximately 70 degrees above the visible horizon and appeared to be heading straight down toward the ground.  It began looking like a falling star.  One to two seconds after appearing, it began to break apart into an orange fireball, with pieces trailing behind it.  The color then changed to a bright green.  It looked like it made it relatively close to the ground, because the clouds were illuminated, which made that entire portion of the sky flash green for a moment.  It looked like it made it to the top of the layer of clouds.  The clouds to the north of my location (where the object was seen) were broken at about 40,000 feet.  Skies over my head were clear at the time.  I heard no sound from the object.  The sighting lasted about 5 seconds.;36.070759375;-94.1807046874999
Large octagonal craft flies over house and in front of moon;2018-01-02 21:00:00;2 minutes;Large octagonal craft flies over house and in front of moon That night was the 'super-moon' and I went outside to look at the moon. Saw large object which blotted out stars but gave off no light or sound. It was stop-sign shaped. Silently flew away. Passed in front of the moon which up until that point I wasn't sure if it was really there or not but once I saw it silhouette the moon I was sure I had viewed a UFO.  Several planes and jets were flying around at the time but none seemed to notice the craft.  When I came back inside my two cats and one dog were all standing by the front door looking out in the direction the craft had gone.  The dog seemed startled and was jumpy for the next few nights.  Still cannot explain what me (and apparently my pets!) have seen.;36.070759375;-94.1807046874999
Large cluster of slowly moving fast blinking lights moving south to north in sky over S.E. Fayetteville, AR.;2020-08-25 19:15:00;4 minutes;Large cluster of slowly moving fast blinking lights moving south to north in sky over S.E. Fayetteville, AR. I was on the phone with a friend, who is a city police officer. We live in the same neighborhood and he was driving home while we spoke. I was on my back porch and I have a very clear view of the sky. I was facing east. The sky was perfectly clear, with only very very small cloud near the moon to my NE. While it was not fully dark yet, I could see a lot of stars beginning to shine. I noticed a few stars rapidly blinking, and then realized it was a very large cluster of very fast blinking “stars”. They were in a horizontal swath. I called my friend’s attention to it, and he also saw it. Over the course of about 3-4 minutes, (though it may have been less), this cluster collectively moved slowly across the sky to the north. It stayed at roughly the same altitude and I could not determine how far away it was. I did see the entire cluster move behind the two-story roof of the neighbor behind me. I tried to determine if there was a pattern to the blinking, but it ! was too fast for me to make a determination of any kind of pattern. Some of the lights were brighter and bigger than the others but the blinking tempo was the same. The cluster maintained the same speed all the way across the sky until it was out of sight. It was a very large number of blinking objects and they were clearly traveling together without any kind of spreading out or dispersion. All lights were white. Police officer also could not find an explanation.;36.070759375;-94.1807046874999
I had just gotten my children out of our minivan. I was holding my 2year old, and following my 5 year old. Looking ahead of the sidewal;2021-03-02 21:30:00;5 minutes;I had just gotten my children out of our minivan. I was holding my 2year old, and following my 5 year old. Looking ahead of the sidewalk my son was walking on I noticed that that airplane ahead was not moving. So as we walked towards it on the side walk I hyper focused on it. I quickly realized it was not an airplane, because it had five white lights across in a very slight U formation. Very bright white lights. My son and husband are always looking at the stars for UFOs, then quickly turning things into IFOs, so I excitedly showed my 5year old. He was excited, but then a little confused when he could not turn it into an IFO. We kept walking towards it, keeping constant eye contact with it. It would slightly swerve up to the right then straighten back up. Slowly moving towards us, but super close to us. I would say it was only over a couple of streets away. I could see how someone might call this a saucer the way it moved straight towards us, the! n swerve a little to the left this time, then straighten up again. Then as we were about one street away from it, my son telling me, we are too close, it dims the lights. All the lights at once. Then one at a time turns the five front lights all the way off, two of the light spots leaving a green glow. The green glow reminded me of safety lights on our planes and boats. Up to this point we couldn't hear a thing. Here is the point when I thought this UFO might not be Human. It made a sound. A loud SWSHH and a quick 90 degree turn. Not an easy L turn, a quick turn. It was close enough to us that even with its lights off I could see it was now clearly not a saucer. It was the shape simular to an N64 controller. After the quick turn it also changed the position it was in. As if I were to lay flat on my tummy in a plank, then someone lifts my head 45 degrees off the ground and my body lifts with it. Then it slowly creeped away. I was so disappointed that my phone was not on me in the moment. As soon as I got back to my phone I quickly sketched down drawings and notes so I would not forget this event. My guess would be that this UFO was at least as long, and wide, as the length of a school bus. Before my son realized how big it was, he tried to identify it as someone's drone. It was acting like one, in that it was slowly scoping out what was going on in our neighborhood. But it was way too big to be just a drone.;36.070759375;-94.1807046874999
