seven craft of three different, unique shapes, observed over north fayetteville neighborhood.;2005-08-05 00:00:00;three hours;seven craft of three different, unique shapes, observed over north fayetteville neighborhood. My husband called me outside at about midnight or very early morning of august fifth.  He pointed up above the trees across the road at a blue, chandeleir crystal shaped object.  It seemed to be spinning flashing bright, sparkly light all around it.   Then he pointed ubove the house and there, posted like centurions was four, rectangular with triangle tops, like a childs drawing of a house.  Each of these objects were all of different colors but yet you could see through them.  Then in the middle of the road was a bright gold light.  May have been mars?   Also to the south was another bright blue sparkly thing but it wasnt as big as the other blue object.   I woke my daughter and her husband to come see.  We noticed some neighbors in pajamas looking too. There was a police cruiser who drove by right under the biggest, blue object.  He drove very slowly and he had his headlights off.   After a couple of hours I went into bed, with them still out there and watched through the window as the porchlight pulsed, as if power surges and then dimmer.  I called my mom, I then called the police but rreported anonymously.  I dont think they took me seriously.   Before I went into bed we noticed a flat, black aircraft with a bright flashing red light on top racing around the sky very quickly under these objects as if to warn them that they had been noticed by our militery?   Also, planes began arriving from the east about every three minutes.   When we got up the next morning the sky was divided into perfect pie wedges made with com trails. as if to mark each objects location.  Some very odd things happened after we all got to bed. I will discuss that part, privately with an investigator if you like. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));36.070759375;-94.1807046874999
