Observed a large rectangular object in the night sky with many colored lights which stayed in one place for three minutes.;2011-10-28 13:45:00;3 minutes;Observed a large rectangular object in the night sky with many colored lights which stayed in one place for three minutes. This evening I was in my kitchen late night to get something to eat.  I live in a home with an Ocean front view in Pacifica, CA.  At 1:45 PM I noticed some lights out on the ocean while I was in my kitchen.   A quick look from inside the kitchen it looked like maybe a few boats were out on the ocean and one appeared to be big. It might be a cruise ship I thought.   I turned off the lights, grabbed my binoculars and went out on the balcony to see if I could get a better view of the cruise ship at night.   The cruise ship was very far out so I was not able to get a good look. As I pulled the binoculars away from my face, I continued to look out towards the ocean I noticed a large object that was not moving in the sky.  Maybe a mile or so out.   I first thought it was a plane or helicopter but it was not moving at all and if it was a helicopter, the light pattern and size were not consistent with anything I have ever seen before except in a movie theatre. It was rectangular in shape with the left and right side being slightly longer than the top and bottom.  The lights were mostly white and they were in about six rows.   They were not all next to each other but they seemed to have lights all along the bottom and on the top, mostly left and right sides with just a few in the middle.   There were red lights mixed in with the white lights and one or two orange color lights.  Some of the lights seem to go on and off intermittently. II noticed that the ocean below seemed to be lit up in certain places.   Interesting that the parts of the ocean that were lit up did not seem to have a light source.   I did not see a beam of light coming from the object. The object stayed in one place for about 3 minutes (zero movement) and then moved slowly away towards the western sky. Note:  at 1:00 PM this evening there was a small earthquake that woke me up. Observer:    I am a college educated white male in my mid 40's with a professional job. I have never seen a UFO in my life time.   ((NUFORC Note:  We have corrected the date above.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.6196;-122.4816
