Large Chevron shaped ufo floats over Ormond Bch. Florida;1997-02-14 20:00:00;.20 minutes;Large Chevron shaped ufo floats over Ormond Bch. Florida As my wife, 2 sons and myself we're driving north along the intracoastal my wife said I cant believe what im seeing. I looked to the east and couldnt believe what i was seeing either. A chevron shaped object about 100 yards across was silently floating westward from the beachside (we were on the west side of the intracoastal). It was at an altitude of approx. 1000 ft. and came from over the ocean and passed about 100 ft. over the Aliki condos on ormond beachside heading straight for the mainland.  It was only moving about 10-15 mph.  I pulled over at a riverfront park in which was in direct line of its travel. By this time it was over the river still heading west. My wife and youngest son were to frightened to get out of the car. Myself and my oldest son (about 15 at the time) got out and watched as it moved directly over us and continued west until out of sight. There was no sound at all. There were 3 orangyred lights, 1 on each wingtip and 1 at the nose. My father is a pilot and i grew up around airplanes and we see them flying up and down the coast all the time and this was NO airplane or anything of this world. It was the strangest thing ive ever seen and we will never forget. Shortly after the object floated out of distance we saw other strange white lights in the distance over the ocean m oving very quickly from 1 area to another. We went home about an hour later and my wifes sister called who lives nearby and said she had just seen something weird fly over her home as she and her husband were out by the pool... I never heard of anyother witnesses or anything in the newspapers about it... I grew up on the east coast of central florida, ive seen many shuttle launches and military aircraft and they all pale in comparison to this thing... Ive since moved to Pa. but will never forget that evening. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the incident is approximate.  PD));29.2887936599419;-81.0847980787677
