Large fizzy ball appears moving upwards and fades out;2006-11-03 20:00:00;a few seconds;Large fizzy ball appears moving upwards and fades out I was doing the score for a soccer game, and at half time I was just staring off over a parking lot. While I was looking a large fiery ball appeared moving upwards. There weren't any sounds. It disapeared a moment later. The ball was not very smooth, and had bits of light coming off as if breaking. I know it was not fireworks. The whole thing was very strange. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));29.2887936599419;-81.0847980787677
Morning object over Atlantic Ocean near daytona beach with strange southern eratic movement.... ((NUFORC Note:  Venus?  PD));2014-03-10 05:00:00;2 hours;Morning object over Atlantic Ocean near Daytona Beach with strange southern erratic movement.... on many mornings as i look toward the east from my home 15 miles west of the daytona/ormond bch. area....  approx. one hour before the crack of dawn.. a sharp round orb or light appears over the beach-Pier area....it moves very erraticly and over an hour to ninety minutes it moves almost to the southern area of the management area i live near....    any explanation would be great.... ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));29.2887936599419;-81.0847980787677
Saw multiple ufo's over my house AND CAPTURED ON VIDEO.;2017-08-21 05:00:00;4 hours;Saw multiple ufo's over my house AND CAPTURED ON VIDEO Hi Peter,  We spoke briefly last week and you asked me to send over a email so here it is.  I went and took your advice and uploaded a bunch of videos and made a youtube page so here is the link: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzXmN_nmfoPcmPrqw38QN4A   So on the morning of aug 21st i was awoke around 430am and thought it was to early to let the dogs out (i usually wake up around 630am to do this)  and the next think i knew i was at my front window peeping out and my phone starts ringing from a strange number and kept making my phone light up.  i did not answer given the time but then when i checked my phone later after i remembered (it was all a blur) the numbers were no longer in my missed calls.  So after the call thing the next thing i remember is standing at my back door about to let the dos out. I noticed the light across the lake doing things it I’ve never noticed (I’ve lived here for 4 years) and when i asked my buddy who lives next door to him he said the guy doesn’t even have a light and that it is a reflector.  Anyways, i took my camera out and you will be able to see the light across the lake start acting crazy. after a while i noticed something in the sky that looked like a triangle inside of some kind of bubble jumping all over the place.  When i looked around i noticed another bright light in the sky to the left of this object that would get bright as well and when i filmed it, it was a circle with a bright light around the edge all the way around.  i knoticed the reflection in the lake start to get bigger and smaller and it was pitch black out.  i got closer to the lake and at first i thought the lake was being drained cause it looked like there were walk ways throughout the lake and sounded like there was something or someone in there.  i focused back on the reflection and thought i saw things heading into the light.  then when i looked back up at the spinning triangle i noticed what looked like a space ship rising straight up toward the spinning triangle, come to a complete stop for a few seconds and then precede toward the other bright light (with the light around the whole circle) and stop just under it.  when the sun came up i looked in the lake and all the grass on the inside of t! he lake was matted down like a crop circle would look. it was not like that the day before.  the grass looks really clean and like you would see on a golf course green but on the inside of the lake.  i also noticed what looked to be some kind of chemical on the surface that wasn’t there before either. Im not sure what any of this is or means but in the moment it felt like there was something being hidden in the lake and possibly some kind of moving objects going into the light but not coming back out. A transport of some kind maybe or just nothing at all.  yesterday 8-27-17 we had a storm rolling through. i know clouds change shapes and all that but i don’t know if i was just seeing things or making my mind believe i was seeing things but i had the thought that there was things being trasported like machines, planes, sips etc behind these dark clouds. it looked like at one point some kind of sea creatures up there. again this could be nothing at all but would like some feedback on my first part of this email. Also feel free to share my youtube page and videos. thanks again.;29.2887936599419;-81.0847980787677
