SIGHTING UFO NEAR ARMY BASE! NOT HELICOPTERS BUT FLYING SAUCERS!;1972-06-30 00:00:00;15 minutes;SIGHTING UFO NEAR ARMY BASE! NOT HELICOPTERS BUT FLYING SAUCERS! I was driving from Moncton N.B. heading on to montreal via Transcanada hwy, as I was approaching Camp Gagetown Army base I observed something following my van, I was sure it was helicopters and bieng president of a motorcycle club I figured I was being followed by rcmp undercover survieillance so I pulled over and figured my flashers where already on, then noticing it was not me but the 3 helicopters flashing the same colour as a ford econoline 4 way flasher, so I stepped out walked behind the van looked up and they stopped and I freaked cause the helicopters where actually flying saucers Shaped in a saucer type with orange bright sguare type lights, I'd say 6 lights around the saucer which was about the thickness of a one story bungloo and the regulation size of a swimming pool I was standing maybe 8 car lengths away looking at the front and bottom of the ships,then the first ship opened one of the orange lights and a whitetish grey bright light flashed towar! ds me and I went back to the drivers door and got in ,evryone asked where I'd been and I told them just in the back and they said I was gone for a long while[I was only there maybe 4to5 minutes]anyways as soon as I got in the objects one in front, 2 in back side by side turned silently and started slowly, then swishhhh gone about 400yards then out of sight at the speed of a jet,A few hours later the radio announced that Unidentified objects where seen flying over Fredricton N.B. a few hours back,I've never told anyone for fear someone would call me crazy,even if I had witnesses! But ya at 65 now I had to tell someone,That is my true and honest story of my sighting,  Thanks    ((e-address deleted))  EVERYONE IN THE VAN INCLUDING MY PREGNANT WIFE SEEN THEM FROM THE BACK WINDOW OF MY FORD ECONOLINE DOUBLE WINDOWS ON THE REAR DOORS!  thats my sighting sorry for bieng late,but now that theres more sighting hell I seen them over 40 yrs back!I believe thier here to stay and walking amongst u! s! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date in 1972 is approximate.  PD));45.7702;-66.1633
Canadian Forces Reservist UFO sighting in Gagetown, NB;1992-06-01 01:30:00;10 to 15minutes;Canadian Forces Reservist UFO sighting in Gagetown, NB In June of 1992, while on training excersise in Gagetown with the Canadian Armed Forces Reserves, I was doing an all night duty called fire picket (essentially, watching over the weapons, keeping an eye out) when I noticed a light coming over a low set of hills to the east of my location in an area nicknamed the black woods/forest.. At first, I didn't pay it much attention since aircraft are a common sight around a military base, but then it started doing some wierd flying maneuvers like skipping forward quickly,stop, coast backwards, then up in an arc, then straight down, stop, then the object began dancing like swaying to the left and right while going forward.  Then it shot up in the air, slowly descended, then it went straight across the sky, it shot down in an arc behind the hills, then re-appeared even closer to me (about a quarter km), which freaked me out a little, and it was at this point that I realised it was a disk shaped object, with really bright lights on the bottom, the center appeared to be red-orange, but at times almost dark pink? In the night sky it appeared to be gray-purple color, but that could have been reflections since the sky was a similar color..the object moved across the sky behind me, made no noise at all, and I lost sight of it due to the trees behind me but I could still see the lights through the trees.  It was then I noticed how close it came to my position when I could see about 150 yards in the direction of the object the light flickering down illuminating the ground. I felt a strange charge in the air, like in a lightning storm, and my hair on my arms and neck were stood up..the next thing I knew I couldn't see it anymore, and I turned to my right to see if the object was going to emerge on the other side of the trees, and it didn't emerge where and when I thought it would, but when I glanced over my right shoulder there it was hovering in the air about 300 yards or more away and it took off like a shooting star (left a light trail or blur) upwards and I got such a fright I had to sit down and have a cigarette. I  had this feeling it was watching me for that second, but I am not sure if it was the same object or another object that I never noticed since my attention was on the first object.  This was my 3rd strange sighting at Gagetown while I was a Reservist but the only time I actually saw anything up close. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.7702;-66.1633
I can't explain what I saw.;2006-07-27 15:00:00;1 minute;I can't explain what I saw. We were driving north from Moncton to Fredericton.  Just before getting to Gagetown I noticed something shining to my right, up in the air.  It was approximately a couple thousand feet from us flying along the trans Canada highway.  I said what's that? and two of my companions looked up, the front passenger saw it then it just zoomed at incredible speed and stopped around 20 miles away, we could still see very well then the third passenger see it.  The characteristics that were most interesting is it was round (looked like an aspirin pill), shined like chrome and moved at incredible speed.  I've seen jets move before and this was no jet, it would be going like Mach 7.  When it was close by, if you calculate by distance at 2000 ft from us, it must have been like 200 ft in diameter.  As we watched it from a distance and the shine was still very intense (seemed just like the sun reflecting from the surface of this craft) it just moved again and we just lost it, it was way too fast to follow with our eyes.  We just looked at each other and no other comment was made, this was no doubt a very odd experience.;45.7702;-66.1633
