Two steady white lights moving in tandem, west to east near Madison, WI;2020-01-07 06:27:00;1 minute;Two steady white lights moving in tandem, west to east near Madison, WI I was feeding my cat outside at 0627 on Tuesday, 07Jan2020 when I noticed a bright star in the sky above my head. The light looked a lot like Venus in that it was a brilliant white, steady light. But it was in the wrong location for Venus at that time of day, which made me look closer. Upon closer examination I quickly noticed that the light was moving from West to East and in front of the bright white light was another dimmer light which was also a steady white light.  I witnessed the two lights (dim in front, bright white in back) move at a fairly rapid speed (faster than I've observed airplanes overhead at my house) head East. The strange thing is the two lights were not blinking at all and moved at the exact same speed, equidistant and parallel to each other at a seemingly steady rate, in a seemingly straight course West to East.  At this point I yelled for my husband to come and see. He witnessed it as well and  told me to stop talking. When I did, we noticed there was no sound at all associated with the object's movement. The lights passed over our house and I grabbed my binoculars and headed outside to the driveway which faces East. There I witnessed the lights continue their Eastbound journey. Because it was dark it was difficult to see an outline of the object. I got the impression the object was long and black or reflective. I could not discern a third light which might make the object look more triangle-shaped. Extending my hand in front of me at approximately a 125 degree angle from my body, I was able to measure the distance between the two lights as slightly wider than the width of my hand at the base of my fingers, which is 4.5 inches. The distance between the two light never changed and the light never flickered. The front light was about the same brilliance as a normal star bu! t the light in the back was far brighter than any other light in the sky.  I watched the two lights for a total of approximately 90 seconds. Never did I hear a sound of a plane or any other noise that could be remotely associated with the lights. As the lights continued their journey to the East, I just walked back inside. My husband was already back inside at this point. This seems odd because now looking back, I was really enthralled by the sighting, why would I leave before the object left my view or vanished? I don't remember why I went inside before the object left my view. I just remember being preoccupied with where the lens covers for the binoculars fell. Once I found those on the ground, I went inside without looking back. Another odd thing was my dog did not try to go outside during the event. Which is strange because he usually tries to go outside with me every time I open the door. Adding to this, it was his normal morning walk time.  I came out approximately 10 minutes later (0640) to walk my dog and the lights were no longer visible. The sun was starting to come up and I could see the sky was overcast towards the West but the sky above me and to the East was clear.;43.1661;-89.0796
