A ovular/circular object flew by me towards the south, almost stopped, slowly traveled for a few minutes, shot away, and then came back;2005-10-08 02:00:00;3-4 minutes;A ovular/circular object flew by me towards the south, almost stopped, slowly traveled for a few minutes, shot away, and then came back I go to Harding University.  My cousin came in town to look at the campus and stayed at the campus hotel.  It is physically ON the campus.   Well, the room was on the fourth floor and an extension  to the hotel was being built on the third (i.e. You could walk out onto the roof.  It was a really nice night so I just decided to go lay outside on the roof while I was talking to my girlfriend.   All of the sudden, I'm laying down looking at the sky and I see what I originally thought was a shooting star.  So, getting my attention, I followed it with my eyes.  I noticed that it was not illuminated and not traveling as fast as I have seen shooting stars travel in the past.   What REALLY shocked me was when it seemed to slow down at about 120 degrees from my point of view (I was laying down flat and it came from the North West, moving in a south eastern).  It was low enough that I could see features and at this point knew it was not a shooting a star.  It was brown in shape, ovular/circular, seemed to have a flower-petal equal outer indentation taking up it's entire base.  It seemed like it was spinning but I’m not positive it was.   But at one point it seemed to come to a stop then all of the sudden it shot out in a more prominent south eastern direction.   So, I hang up the phone with my friend and call my mom and grandma to see what I should do.  Ok, so I'm on the phone with my mom and grandma absolutely panicked and all of the suddenly, at a much lower altitude, what seemed to be the EXACT same object jet from the East back to a little North of where it came from before (directly above me at approx. 90 degrees) and almost came to a stop AGAIN.   Then it jetted directly West after about 30 seconds of slow movement.   The thing that freaked me out the most was about a minute or two after that, I got a bloody nose.  I don't know if there has ever been any connection between nosebleeds and confirmed sightings, but it freaked me out.   I called the Searcy Police Department to report it and I never heard anything back from them.   That's pretty much the story.  I know it sounds crazy, but I'm not a loon.  I am an honors student and pretty well grounded...;35.2435743589744;-91.7311051282051
Two peach colored pointed-oval objects wobble over Searcy, Arkansas travelling due east.;2006-07-24 23:45:00;30 seconds;Two peach colored pointed-oval objects wobble over Searcy, Arkansas travelling due east. My friend and I were outside in the backyard of his mom's house in Searcy, Arkansas. We were laying down on the trampoline in the backyard so that we could comfortably survey the stars and possibly catch a glimpse of any sort of celestial movement. Such as, shooting stars and ironically UFOs. We were both smoking Durahm Black clove cigarettes as we lay there while making idle chatter about many subjects. Including but not limited to, me giving him advice on a biblical teaching he had to give to his local fellowship, the topic being, fearless living, also, talking about whether he made out with his girlfriend on the trampoline, just idle chatter. Every now and then, one of us would say, did you see that shooting star? At 11:45 pm we noticed two objects heading due east. They were flying at the same speed and were obviously flying in formation. I heard no sound from them but my friend said he could hear slight movement of the air. The appearance was, oval and conical at the ends, to me it appeared like I was looking at the bottom of a wider-than-usual boat. The craft were lower than an airplane, we could tell that much. They flew right over head. These objects appeared to slowly move across the sky, but must've been moving much faster than any aircraft I've ever seen, seeing as it took them less than 20 - 30 seconds to appear in sight on the west clear sky and disappear out of sight into the eastern sky. We lost sight of them mainly due to the glow of the city light. We probably could of still saw them for another 5 to 10 seconds at the speed they were going. One of them remained at a steady course but the one on the left wobbled at somewhere in the middle of the trip. And after it wobbled it moved closer to the other craft. The color of these craft were a faded peach-orange color. There was a haze around the objects as well. We had no camera, we took no pictures.;35.2435743589744;-91.7311051282051
