UFO, 1985 Bridgewater Mass, two eye witnesses hoovering in sky, silent and massive;1985-08-09 20:30:00;5 minutes;UFO, 1985 Bridgewater Mass, two eye witnesses hoovering in sky, silent and massive .Back in 1985 around 8:30-9pm at night, me and a friend mine, were driving on High Street, going down the hill over the train tracks heading east, passing wall street on our right, when we noticed a huge UFO above us.  It was just above the tree line, just hoovering and it was massive. I slowed the vehicle down and was sticking my head out the window all while hugging the curb and bouncing off of it, trying to look up in the sky and yelling oh my god what the &^&(768@ is that!  What was weird as there was no one around, no cars, nothing when this was happening.  It was silent, it was a dead silence, you could only hear us and the engine of my vehicle and my wheels hitting the curb as I tried to drive with one hand while my head was out the window looking up. The UFO made no sound.  Me and my friend were hysterical and were yelling back and forth at each other, oh my god what is that! what is that! We couldn't believe what we were seeing.  Then out of nowhere ! on the opposite side of this road, a car came.  So naturally we started yelling at this person at the top of our lungs, LOOK UP LOOK UP! But there was no response he just kept driving by us, as I was waving my arm out the window trying to get his attention and motioning to him to look up!  It was a man, he looked elderly and had his windows rolled all the way up, which we thought was strange on a hot night in the summer in the 80's in an old car that looked like a dodge swinger.  This all happened in a time frame of maybe 2-7 mins. After the car drove by my friend yelled over to me, let's get out of here before we get beamed up! I said Yeah good idea! We nervously laughed and I pulled my head in the window and stepped on the gas and took off up the hill to the traffic lights.  We got to the light were high meets Main Street and the light was Red and there was no one around, it was like a ghost town it was eerie. We were so freaked out we decided we better just go through it! and get out of there, so we just went through the red light t! o get aw ay. After we calmed down for a bit maybe 15 minutes, we decided to go to a friend's house that lived nearby the area to tell the news, as we could not believe what just happened. We got to his/her house and over an hour and half passed and we forgot all about the incident and then all of a sudden it dawned on us and we couldn’t believe we had forgotten, because it was something, we both just witnessed and was unbelievable!  But once our memory came back, we all decided to all get in the car and go looking again for the UFO, lucky we never saw it again. Just for the record, I never believed in UFO’s at all, not until that summer night. I will never forget it and this story is true.;41.97758125;-70.971590625
Three bright objects move across the sky in formation then dissapear.;2002-09-07 22:10:00;60 Seconds;Three bright objects move across the sky in formation then dissapear. I was alone and stargazing with my binoculars, it is a very clear night, perfect for observing - in fact, the milky way was visible which does not happen very often.  The sighting occured at 10:11 pm E.S.T.  With the naked eye, I spotted what looked exactly like a bright satelite moving north to south.  I then noticed that there were three objects in total, moving at the exact same velocity in a slightly elongated right triangle formation.  There was about 25 degrees of separation between the lead object and the others.  These objects did not move relative to each other, staying in perfect formation until they disapeared - first the lead object, then the two trailing objects about 1 second later.  The objects twinkled and then faded quickly.  Immediately after the objects disapeared, I ran into the house and checked the time and got my hiking compass and confirmed the direction of movement, it was dead on magnetic south. Compared to previous observations of satelites, these objects moved at a rate slightly faster, covering about half the night sky in about 45 seconds.  When I looked at them through binoculars, there was no distinction, just points of light, exactly light an orbiting satelite so they were at extreme altitude. The thing that struck me was that there were three of them and the way that they moved in such rigid formation. About me:  I hold a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering and an M.B.A.  I have worked as an engineer and manager in the aerospace and medical device field. ((NUFORC Note:  We have communicated with this witness, and believe that the sighting may have been the result of the three suspected U. S. Navy NOSS satellites.  PD));41.97758125;-70.971590625
2 stationary lights in the southwest sky from Bridgewater, MA, highly visibly at dusk when nothing else visible in the sky except the .;2011-12-24 18:00:00;several minutes;2 stationary lights in the southwest sky from Bridgewater, MA, highly visibly at dusk when nothing else visible in the sky except the . Several nights in a row leading up to 12/26/11, every night at dusk, there are 2 extremely bright lights looking South-Southwest.  They are located at about 9:00 and 7:00 using the moon as a reference point.  They are far brighter than any star and they are stationary.  They are extremely visible at dusk into early evening and are gone as extreme darkness sets in.  This has been consistent for the 2 weeks I’v beeen checking it out.  This is a flight line and planes routinely follow the line of sight they are on, but the planes continue, and these 2 lights don't move at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.97758125;-70.971590625
Red and green flashing lights from a flying object we couldn't make out or hear.;2013-12-31 20:00:00;1 minute;red and green flashing lights from a flying object we couldn't make out or hear. What seemed to be a helicopter that went over Flagg/Summer street towards the Bridgewater prison was flashing green and red lights.  As it came closer we couldn't make out the shape or verify it sounded like a helicopter.  It barley made noise and it was flying too low to not hear the sounds of a helicopter clearly.  We couldn't see any shape, only red and green flashing light's. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.97758125;-70.971590625
