4 orange-reddish objects lights in the sky traveling in non-static formation @ equal speeds and change in appearance;2005-05-01 00:30:00;10-15 min;4 orange-reddish objects lights in the sky traveling in non-static formation @ equal speeds and change in appearance I first observed 2 objects that I assumed to be 2 aircraft flying in close proximity (there are always aircraft nearby at all times due to LAX flight paths being nearby) but then I immediately realized that the light's color was wrong since it was an orange/orange-red color (not white, red or green as aircraft use) and they were traveling at what I observed to be exact courses and speeds.   I then realized that it was not just 2 but four objects traveling in a formation with one in front , the 2 in the middle (still traveling together in parallel and the last object about the same distance from the middle two as the first was and all four traveling at an apparently equal speed.  All four objects were of the same color light as the first 2 I had noticed and I also realized that the seemed to flicker a little, almost as ember that will sometimes escape from a wood fire will tend to do.    I realized that this was something very unusual so I went inside my home to get my brother and let him see these same objects to see if maybe I was jumping to conclusions to quickly.  He also couldn't figure out what these objects were but we were quite sure it was not a normal aircraft.   The total amount of time from when I first noticed these objects to when I told my brother and he stepped outside was no more than 10 minutes.   About half-way through the total course of what I could observe of these 4 objects, the 2 middle objects started altering their formation from parallel travel to an in-line formation, which put all 4 objects into one single line but all four still traveling at the same speed.  As soon as the 2 middle objects finished getting in the same line the first object in the front of the formation started to drop or lose something that to me appeared almost like little embers from the bottom of the object.  At about the same time the objects light intensity started diminishing rapidly and also the object started to increase its observed speed.  At about the same point at which the first object started to change it's appearance, the 2nd one started to alter in the same manner and as the 3rd and 4th objects reached the same point the same exact changes occurred.   When these objects would reach their dimmest but still visible appearance is when objects appeared to reach the highest observable speed before dissapearing completely from my sight.   All four objects went through the same process in the same manner from the same points in the sky but only as they reached what was the initial point of the first object in the formation.   The weather coditions were almost clear skys with only some small amounts of hazy patches of clouds at different points of the sky around my area.  There was no visible moon nearby that I could observe.;33.9379732026144;-118.132026143791
we are not alone in the universeI really do understand how embarrassed it using solid propellant rocket for propulsion.;2008-01-02 08:28:00;15 minute;we are not alone in the universeI really do understand how embarrassed it using solid propellant rocket for propulsion. I just what to say that I have seen real UFO my self.  I Tell you what I have seen on January 2 at 8:28 AM 2008 I was going to Vons grocery store at Downey California and I notice four UFO in low altitude hovering in straight formation over head. I thought that was seeing things. I ask an shopper that was leaving next to me and asked her what is that over head and she only stated that they are kites, others people did looked up and did nothing but stair for a moment. People that did seen what have seen just went on with there business. I was amazed what I have seen I look a closer look and notice orange orb hovering over head and a star light object at mush higher altitude hovering next to it. This was taking place of a period of ten to fifteen minus. After that I seen the conventional aircraft flown buy at low altitude heading south it was a twin engine propeller driven aircraft. Whatever they are, we are not alone in the universe. As for the other that seen this I really do understand how embarrassed it may be to tell other what you seen in fact no body would believe us anyway like the Arizona Lights . This really changes me and my prospective about religion and as for science goes we are still in the Stone Age using solid propellant rocket for propulsion. Thank you for your attention for reading this story.;33.9379732026144;-118.132026143791
