3 separate pairs and one single object, separate but similar movements and trajectories.;2009-01-31 21:00:00;10 minutes;3 separate pairs and one single object, separate but similar movements and trajectories. 1/31/2009.  Approx. 9:00 PM, Downey, CA.   I went out to my car to go to the market.  I always look up and watch the moon and Venus (earlier this month or late last month you could see Venus, Mercury and Jupiter up there).  Anyway I was looking toward the southwestern sky, then instead of getting into my car I started looking up at the dipper in the southeastern sky and wondering which stars made up the handle.  A few seconds into this I notice 2 white objects, round but not sure if spheric, way up high in the sky, almost blending with the stars, but la bit larger and not as bright.  As I looked up the two objects seemed to be about the width of 2 fingers apart and moving west at an angle of maybe 25 degrees.  No blinking lights, no sounds.  As they passed what would be an imaginary line dividing the S/E and S/W sky, one seemd to move either upward or south and I lost sight of it, while at the same time watching the second one, which seemed to linger in a slow change of direction and began moving in a pretty much straight line toward the northeastern sky.  I followed its trajectory until somewhere high in the N/E I lost it.  As I turned to look back south, I saw 2 more, similar objects, same direction of travel initially as the first pair.  This time, the lower object continued toward the west, I believe I saw it looking sort of reddish, I kept looking back and forth between the two, then lost sight of the one headed west.  .  I looked back and saw the top one now turn also toward the N/E direction and followed the same trajectory as the one other one from the firts pair.  I thought that was strange movement for what I thought at first might be helium balloons from a party maybe.  But the night was still, the leaves on the trees around me were not really moving, unless there might have been some high winds way up in the sky.  But it they were balloons and there was wind that blew them from the S/W to the N/E, why didn't BOTH objects get blown N/E?   How could one go west and another sout! h up jus t upward?  So I don't think they were balloons, and they didn't look like nor behave like airplanes that I know.  Anyway, I saw a THIRD pair coming from the same S/E area, same trajectory as the other two pairs, but this pair did not go as far west as the first two pairs.  This third pair seemed to separate almost due south from my vantage point, not disappeared form sight maybe going further south or just up and the other took the SAME trajectory as the other 2 going N/E.  Finally I saw ONE SINGLE object coming again from the same S/E location, went twestward o about due south from me, turned and travelled toward the same N/E direction as the other three.  That made FOUIR going N/E, ONE went west and TWO went either south of me or just up.   I think I can rule out party balloons and I think I can rule out airplanes because airplanes would need a wider area to change directions like these did.  What else they could have been I don't know.  I just did not see any details on the objects, such as lights, lines, windows, etc. - just a roundish-looking object.  By the way, these were not moving slowly like a balloon might be, and as they travelled N/E they seemed propelled and not just blowing in the wind!  If this is what an UFO does then I saw 7 of them.  If not, who knows what they were!   But they WERE!;33.9379732026144;-118.132026143791
Orb hovers for more than an hour;2010-04-08 09:45:00;1 hour;Orb hovers for more than an hour I was golfong at Rio Hondo golf course.  Our tee time was 9:30.  While walking to the second tee I looked up into the sky because the course is in the airports flight path.  While looking up( about 75 degrees upward) and facing North, I noticed a shiny orb in the sky.  I told my friend, who had a hard time seeing it without polarized sunglasses.  As I continued to look around, another one appeared higher and to the left of the first.  And finally a third appear almost directly overhead.  The second and third one stayed for about 10 minutes.  However, the first one I spotted stayed within visual range (never moving from its relative position) for more than an hour.;33.9379732026144;-118.132026143791
A solid round(luminate) green light with no sound, I'm not going to lie I was kind of scary.;2020-01-17 01:00:00;8 minutes;A solid round(luminate) green light with no sound, I'm not going to lie I was kind of scary. A solid green light (highly  luminant) no sound,  Round and bigger then A regular aircraft light, I'm not going to lie I was kind of scary.  Moving kind of fast as it did pass pretty close over my location,  And moving from South East to North West at a constant speed,  So from my left to right heading out towards the ocean,  Strangest u,f,o, sighting I have ever seen, And I do look up a lot.  This is my first legitimate sighting,  Made all other sightings look amateur.;33.9379732026144;-118.132026143791
