While outside at a basketball game, several people and I saw ann oject rise straight up and hover then fly, very low, over our heads.;1997-11-14 17:34:00;~30 min;While outside at a basketball game, several people and I saw ann oject rise straight up and hover then fly, very low, over our heads. During a basketball game at our local school three friends and I decided to get away from the noise and take a walk around the perimeter of the school.Having told them to go ahead, I grabbed my coat and quickly attempted to catch up.as I reached the hill on which the elementary building is located, I slowed, it being a steep hill. Just as I had reached the top of the hill and was leaning against the corner of the building, I happened to look NorthEast and saw a small triangular object rise straight up, out of the trees and hover for several minutes perfectly still. It slowly moved toward me and being rather frightened at this point ran around the end of the building and ran into on of the three friends I was walking with. The friends, also watching the object and I walked back around the way I had come and watched the object pass directly over our heads. No more than 30-40 feet above us we clearly saw that the object had 3 lights, one at each point. One was red, one was green and the third was either blue or white. There was some conflict to the color of the third light. it made no noise other than of the air moving past it. The object was about 10 feet thick. seeing this we all mutually agreed to keep this incident a secret to all except to a close friend of all of us who wasn't with us. We decided not to go back into the school immeadiatly but to discuss it on the playground and clear up who would know, what we would tell and also to clear up details of what had happened before I joined them. In discussing this last matter we discovered we all had the same expierence. On walking back to the school we spotted the object hovering over the absent friends home which was visible from our location. The next day, the absent friend reported nothing strange the night before. Since that time One of My friends and I have seen many of the other objects similar to the first. The fore mentioned friend and I share the symptoms of shaking and nausea when reading alien or UFO related materials and both have the feeling that sometimes there is something watching and getting closer.Sometimes we will have these symptoms simultaneusly.;43.1148;-84.99
out side of school medium(80-100'side) triange ship with light on each corner flying 20'over head;1997-11-22 20:45:00;15min;out side of school medium(80-100'side) triange ship with light on each corner flying 20'over head my friends and i had just left during a school basket ball game to go to the local party store to get a snack on the way back we decided to walk the back way around the school along the top of a large hill when to the east just out side of town we saw two bright light slowly rise straight up and then hover for a moment then a third light turned on in a triangle lay out(still hovering) then it started moving east directaly over us (about 20 feet up) as it did so the 3 lights were bright enough for us to see the craft was perfectally triangular with sides about 80-100 feet long it also had an unusuall black textuared surface it produce no sound except the sound of its slow movement through the air it traveled east until we lost sight of it ps. this is only one incident palo has alot of ufo sightings/phenomina;43.1148;-84.99
