Over the past several weeks my family and I have been seeing strage lights in the sky. The first time I saw the object I believed it wa;1999-07-23 01:30:00;2 hours;Over the past several weeks my family and I have been seeing strage lights in the sky. The first time I saw the object I believed it was a star or a plane then I looked closer and noticed it was neither. The more I watched it the more I noticed it changed colors and moved very rapidly in a small area. About 45 minutes later another craft appeared in the same area as the other one. It circled around the other one and then flew off very fast in a southernly direction. Two days later I noticed it again and I woke up my mom to come and look at it. When we were looking at it a type of strobe light flashed across our yard only. The next day it appeared again and this time I showed my sister also. This time we noticed the colors that were present on the craft. The colors were red, green, and white. Two days later it appeared again and this time my mom, dad, sister and I all witnessed multiple crafts, up to eight of them all looking like the first but, a lot further away. This time we watched them through binoculers to try to get a better look. Unfortunatley we couldn't see any better. As the days went by we would see the craft on and off. Then on august 8th about 12:30 am I showed it to my brother and his fiance. As we wathced it 2 other craft appeared 1 craft looked like the original one but, the second one was triangular in shape and flashed in a kind of strobe like fashion. After my brother and his fiance left my sister and I looked at it again through binoculars and finally noticed it's shape. It's a flatter sphere shaped object with white lights on top and bottom, it has a green light in the middle and a red light rotates around the whole object. Up till this day the object appears regularly and I think no one else has noticed it because, it can be mistaken for a star, but stars don't move. I'm trying to get pictures of it as soon as possible and I will try to send some if I can.;41.8563695652175;-88.1009478260869
