3 lights triangular shaped, AAA fire, lights warping out, stealth-type fighter;2003-07-11 20:50:00;6-8 minutes;3 lights triangular shaped, AAA fire, lights warping out, stealth-type fighter I was at Coors Brewery taking a break on the North side of the building on some stairs.   I was just enjoying the evening light as it was fading in the mountains and scanning the horizon.  To the Northwest at 8:50pm I saw 3 lights in a triangular formation just above the mountains: the brightness was unlike a street light that has the appearance of shards radiating from it...these lights were brilliant, clear bluishwhite and were perfectly round.  The distance would not allow me to tell if there was one object or three.  I could not believe what I was seeing, just sitting there in the distance, because I had always wanted to see a UFO.   But there was no doubt in my mind, I was fixated.  I stared at them, the lights,  for about a 2 minutes and they winked out... just gone...even though I could see nothing but 3 lights I wanted to look some more.....all of a sudden, about 2-3 minutes later there were bursts of rapid firing light (similar to anti-aircraft fire, but they had no arc to them) from the ground (they were rectangular shaped and there was about 10 - 12 of them one behind the other). I could see nothing in the direction the lights were traveling but about the time the last light reached a certain height (approximately 2 inches to the right of my original sighting if you hold a ruler at arms length) there were several objects that streaked off in about a 30-45 degree angle from where I saw the AAA lights.   It was very much like watching ships in star trek going into warp,,,,it was amazing....I called to a mechanic in the room behind me to come out,  we saw nothing but there was a jet that appeared to be of stealth origins flying low over the mountains without lights heading in the general direction of my sighting the mechanic then left. I returned to work at 9:10pm. (well, I was a little late going back);39.7598265306123;-105.220002040816
Hovering lights seen in the sky from the top of Ancient Palms trail.;2014-07-04 21:45:00;~1 minute;Hovering lights seen in the sky from the top of Ancient Palms trail My friends and I walked to the top of Ancient Palms trail in Golden to see the fireworks shows of the surrounding areas.  At around 9PM the closest fireworks display in Golden began and most of us were turned in that direction watching. About 10 minutes later my friend tapped me on the shoulder and pointed in the opposite direction of the fireworks (east) and said What is that?  I turned and looked where he was pointing and saw 3 lights hovering in the sky.  They were completely stationary for about 15 seconds.  Then a fourth light appeared and they started moving slowly left to right in a perfect line. At this point my 4 friends and I were all watching and making a bit of a scene pointing and yelling in confusion and at least 10 other people had turned around and were looking too.  There were at least 30 people on top of the trail we were on, I can't say for sure how many people witnessed this object but there were several. The 4 lights appeared to be absorbed into one, and then would re appear as 4.  Then, all 4 disappeared suddenly, reappeared for a few moments, moved upwards slowly, and then disappeared again.  This all happened in less than 2 minutes. I heard one man ask one of the park rangers who were there if he saw the object and what he thought it was.  The trail ranger said hesitantly It was probably parachuters, which made no logical sense.  No one had any other suggestions of what it was and everyone appeared to have the same uneasy feeling. These were not fireworks or like anything I have ever seen in my life.  I feel confident reporting this as there were several witnesses and no explanation for these lights.;39.7598265306123;-105.220002040816
Color changing orb in the sky.;2015-04-25 22:00:00;2 hours +;Color changing orb in the sky Witnessed a color changing light above North Table Mountain.  Changed from green to red to purple and blue stay high in the sky for almost an hour then disappeared and reappeared on the other side of the mountain a minute later, lower in elevation.   Watched for another hour and saw it disappear and reappear within seconds clear across the sky on the other side of the mountain.;39.7598265306123;-105.220002040816
Strange melodic hum, higher pitched, alternating between 2 tones and moving back and forth N and W of Golden, CO.;2017-01-08 03:00:00;2.5 hours;Strange melodic hum, higher pitched, alternating between 2 tones and moving back and forth N and W of Golden, CO. Woke up at about 3 am to a loud melodic hum during the catastrophic wind storm that hit Colorado this month that sounded like it was above my house.  It was like nothing I’ve ever heard before.  It moved north away from the house and sounded like it was moving back and forth between the northern and western part of Golden.  I woke up my girlfriend and she was able to hear it to, but couldn’t make sense of it either. 	Checked around while it was going on and the sound didn’t appear to be created by the borderline record setting winds blowing through or against anything as the noise remained consistent in volume between wind gusts.  Also, being from Wyoming (arguably the windiest state in the country) and having heard a lot of wind against a lot of different things, this hum was still like nothing I’ve heard before.  I checked the skies around the house, but it was overcast and all I could see was the glow of the Denver lights bouncing off of the cloud deck.  But considering the fight or flight response that sound was eliciting from me, I’m glad I didn’t see anything if I’m honest.  My every instinct was telling me to get as far away as fast as possible.  It’s worth noting that the hum was higher pitched and seemed to alternate between 2 tones.  It scared the hell out of me but oddly the sound was kind of pretty in a way.  I’ve found a lot of reports online of a “hum” that detailed a really low pitch that almost chimes, but this was nothing like that and was both several octaves higher and constant. 	Also conferred with my next door neighbors.  They woke up from the wind at about the same time that I did and also heard the noise, but they’re pretty heavy sleepers and fell back asleep pretty quickly without giving it much attention.  To be more specific, it didn’t occur to them that they heard a sound until I brought it up a few days later.  I stayed up and listened to the hum until about 5:30am before falling back asleep myself.  As far as I can tell, no one has reported this to anyone. 	I’m prior military and a fairly level headed person.  So far, nothing has ever made the hair stand up on the back of my neck like that hum. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.7598265306123;-105.220002040816
