My children and I saw 3 objects in the night sky that were doing unbelievable things in the sky!;1987-02-15 21:00:00;3-5 minutes;My children and I saw 3 objects in the night sky that were doing unbelievable things in the sky! I will never forget all of the experiences I have had since the age of five.  I will start off with the one that’s been the most memorable. I was 28 years old at the time. It was a very dark night when I was looking out of one of the three large windows facing south in our A-Frame home and saw what I thought were 6 airplanes but they went up and down, made circles in the sky and they were SO incredibly fast!  We were living in a rural subdivision (Northfork) outside of Cenntenial, Wyoming. I called my young daughters and asked what they saw and they saw the exact same thing.  I didn’t want to scare them and told them that they were airplanes but I knew in my heart they were UFO’s. Here’s when it got scarey.  After watching I noticed that they seemed to be three distinct objects, with two lights each.  It seemed to look like they were doing acrobatics as they would shoot straight up and then come right back down. They would go forward and backwards and everything was done in complete unison. I then said “I wish they’d come closer” I had no sooner said that and they DID!  Within seconds they traveled from Sheep Mountain to the beginning of our dirt road approximately 300 yards away from our house.  I then said “go away” and they hovered for about 4 seconds and then they just vanished. I called the airport in Laramie and asked if they saw anything on radar.  They did not. I called the Sheriff’s Dept and asked if they knew of any weather balloons or military operations ! that were practicing in our area and he said he said, “No, but you aren’t the only one who saw them”. I have seen flying objects since I was a child. I don’t know if they follow me or if I look at the night sky’s a lot and see things.  My older sister actually saw an oblong shaped saucer land in our pasture.  She heard all the cows bawling by the fence 20 feet from our bedroom window.  She is a big animal lover and looked outside to see what was going on and saw it.  She tried telling our mom but she was too tired and told my sister to go back to sleep. The next day in broad daylight, I looked up to the sky and saw an oblong shaped object in the sky. I called it a “hot dog in the sky”.  No lights and about 100 feet in the air.  It disappeared as more of my family came out of the house.  This happened in Pilot Grove, Missouri. My next sighting happened in Cheyenne Wyoming when my dad was stationed at FE Warren AFB.  I was 15 years old.  It was nighttime around 10pm in the summer.  There were four of us laying flat on a blanket looking up at the stars when a triangular object passed over us and then came back and hovered over us. It was no more than 40 feet in the air.  We started screaming and ran into the house.  Two of the people that saw this were big football players, but, it scared them so much that they left shortly after. My next experience happened south of Cheyenne where we boarded our horses.  It had over 2000 acres of land and a barn.  I was riding Daisy our mare and the yearling and her best friend followed as well as three other horses when all of a sudden we heard a loud noise like I’d never heard before.  It was like a screech, squeal, metal grinding sound that I’d never heard before.  My horse bucked me off and they all started bucking and acting really weird.  They all had their ears up and noses were sniffing in the air.  They took off running for the barn that was over a half of a mile away.  The sound came from over the hill but I was too scared to go look.  I just started running as fast as I could to go tell my dad. He just shook his head and brushed it off until the next day when I made him go out to the site over the hill where we both saw a perfectly round spot burned in the prairie.  He just said “Let’s get out of here”.  So whatever scared the horses also left proof that it had land! ed. I would like to talk with other people who have similar stories to tell.  My sister and I tried once when we attended a UFO Conference at the University of Wyoming but it was full of people that that said things like “I’m a child of the Orian’s”.  It just seemed like a lot of stories that were unbelievable.  We left after the first day and have just kept our stories to ourselves.  My sister is still haunted by things she sees at night.  They’ve moved several times, but she keeps having these very troubling “dreams”.;41.3391;-105.9945
