Multiple Sightings, White Stationary UFO in Mountains Above Centennial, Wyoming;2020-08-13 18:57:00;20 minutes;Multiple Sightings, White Stationary UFO in Mountains Above Centennial, Wyoming On August 13, 2020, my son, mother, and I were fishing at Hanging Lake above Centennial, Wyoming.  We walked the short distance to the other end of the lake and started to fish.  We were catching fish every cast, so very preoccupied with excitement.  My son, looked up and noticed it first (he is three years old).  A plane was flying close to the object.  I looked at my mom and asked, “what is that?” The plane kept moving and the object was at a dead standstill. There were hardly any clouds in the sky, so it was not a reflection of anything.  It was oval/oblong and glowing white.  I was able to get pictures of it, but they don’t do it justice.  My phone battery went down to 1 percent quickly, so I was only able to capture a couple pictures.  It stayed above us for about 20 minutes and then just like that, gone.  We must have looked down for just a brief moment and then looked back up and it was gone.  It was larger than a plane, because the plane flew by it and it was just a bit larger than that (depending on how close to us it was compared to the plane) but to the blind eye it appeared to be bigger than a jet.  It stayed put, not moving at all, for about 20 minutes and then disappeared.  I posted a comment about it on social media and my phone started to blow up with other people having similar reports this week and previously.  One was a man that works for Game and Fish.  He saw it on Tuesday (August 11, 2020) and at night.  He said he went to go investigate what the light was over the ridge (same area I saw it), and he said that his phone wouldn’t work when he tried to take a picture, almost as if it was scrambled.  He also reported that there was a vibration on the ground below him.  Another resident of Centennial wrote and said she saw the same thing, around 5pm early in the week, and that she looked up with her husband while driving and said, “wow, a UFO!” and that she was almost “so mesmerized that she couldn’t take a picture” – she’s a professional photographer, so this is really odd for her. Prior to this sighting (which is the first time I have ever witnessed something like this), I had an overwhelming feeling of joy.  Like a flood of joy just overwhelmed my body – it’s hard to describe.  I have been going through an incredibly difficult time and so joy isn’t something that I have experienced full-on in a while.  This feeling was immense and strong.  Not sure if its related, but I believe that it is.  It looks like that was a similar sighting (recorded on video) over a ranch near there on November 6, 2019 and that was posted on LaramieLive (a local news source online).  There have been several other reports from Centennial residents and it sounds like they are all in the same area, so I am finding out any way.  I did call our local airport and asked if the pilot in the plane had reported anything suspicious.  They said they would get back to me.  Incredible.;41.3391;-105.9945
