Four of us saw  an unrecognizable 'orb' silhouetted against the setting sun, c7:30 PM tonight in Brunswick, Maine.;2002-08-14 19:15:00;2 minutes;Four of us saw  an unrecognizable 'orb' silhouetted against the setting sun, c7:30 PM tonight in Brunswick, Maine. On Wednesday night, August 14, 2002, two of my neighbors, a friend of theirs, and I saw a circular 'orb'against the setting sun.  From our viewpoint on Maquoit Bay in Brunswick, Maine, this object appeared to be located somewhere in the upper left quadrant of the sun, close to the left-most edge. Our varied takes:  a planet, a sunspot, a lost weather balloon. Immediate questions:  Are any planets scheduled to pass between the earth and the sun?  Can sunspots be seen with the naked eye? Stationary balloon? I'm a semi-retired librarian.  The husband of the neighboring couple works for L.L. Bean the wife is an independent producer for television and magazines.  I have not met their friend.;43.8971;-69.9817
Very unusual, fast moving craft with sequential light display at high altitude, Maine, 23Nov03;2003-11-23 23:48:00;15-20 seconds;Very unusual, fast moving craft with sequential light display at high altitude, Maine, 23Nov03 I have no particular background that would make me sensitive or more informed than the average person regarding UFO's. I work nights & was outdoors with my dogs for a few minutes before leaving for work & was admiring the stars when I saw something unusual as I'll describe in the following paragraphs  I looked at the clock as I let the dogs out, it was 11:46 pm EST. When I re-entered the house it was 11:50.  As I mentioned, I was standing on my back deck looking at the night sky, being generally thankful for a clear night for my newspaper route & enjoying a last cup of coffee.  I live near a naval air station, directly under the flight pattern between 2 rivers they tend to follow when getting practice air time as well as typical approaches & landings. The base is a Nato base, so I'm accustomed to seeing all types of aircraft & have worked on several military bases, including this one, while employed by a general construction contractor.  I also am accustomed to seeing civilian aircraft over my home at a high altitude (much higher since Bosnia).  What I saw last evening was entirely different from typical civilian & military aircraft. It did, however seem to be following the path of the civilian craft that go over my area. It was travelling from a South-South West direction, inland direction. Brunswick, Maine is very near the coast I am personally about a 5 minute drive from the ocean, a couple minutes from any of 3 rivers.  The description:  I have heard on coasttocoast.com when you spoke descriptions of ferris wheel type sitings. This almost represented that, but I couldn't be sure if it was round or if it was just the rotation of light sequence that I was seeing. It may have been a different shape or even, of course, a civilian aircraft. The lights appeared to number several or many, some red, some green & some white. The white ones lit up the bottom which gave a little definition as to its shape & confused me some. With the rotation light sequence it appeared to be round, but the white lights made it appear more typical aircraft shaped. What made me feel very deeply that it wasn't a typical aircraft was the speed it travelled at. My line of vision between where I first saw it, & where I lost sight of it behind pine trees was slight. I've jsut measured it outdoors holding my hands up & I would say there was, with arms extended only about 2 feet between them.  It covered a relatively large piece of sky in a very short period, I would guess I only saw it maybe even less than 15 seconds & it was out of view. In this area, the military aircraft are generally very low & in view quite a while & civilian aircraft generally show 1 flashing red light on the bottom that I've noticed & are visible for a longer period. This was just all of a sudden & view & then gone. There was nothing unusual about the noise it made for an aircraft at that altitude. Just a general rumbling noise & I had to actually make sure it wasn't another noise in the neighborhood, but it was definitely aircraft generated.  Perhaps those that flew overhead, last weekend, I believe (that I unfortunately missed seeing, but heard of on coast to coast)were making a return trip?...  I have just scrolled down to the contact info area & have decided I will also call your hot line number. I'll be on a cell phone (with free nights & weekends) & hope this is satisfactory. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and found her to be quite credible.  PD));43.8971;-69.9817
There was a bright circular object in the southern sky around 2000. It changed color from red to blue to white in a pulsing fashion. Ob;2006-03-28 20:00:00;1 hour;There was a bright circular object in the southern sky around 2000. It changed color from red to blue to white in a pulsing fashion. Object was reported on the 6am news on 30MAR06 on WGME. They played a video of the object and claim it was also seen in Portland, Maine and Sanford, Maine. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.8971;-69.9817
2 very fast circular crafts moving impossibly fast followed by 3 helicopters at much lower speed.;2020-10-02 19:15:00;2 minutes;2 very fast circular crafts moving impossibly fast followed by 3 helicopters at much lower speed. 2 circular craft moving at a very high speed within a few miles of each other in the sky at the same time, one was much larger or closer to this witness when was smaller, the smaller one had multiple colored lights that it was cycling through. Both did not have flashing lights they were continuous lights. After the sighting there were three helicopters in the sky moving towards the direction of The crafts. There was no sound until the helicopters arrived. This is over a retired Navy military base.;43.8971;-69.9817
