What I saw was a bright flash of gold light that appeared in one part of the sky, it died down and apeared in adifferent part of the sk;1996-07-01 23:00:00;9 seconds;What I saw was a bright flash of gold light that appeared in one part of the sky, it died down and apeared in adifferent part of the sky, and then went away I was lying down on a dock when me and two friends saw a bright flkash of gold light appear in the sky. This then died down and the same thing happened in a different part of the sky. It then went away.;43.8971;-69.9817
4 star shaped lights appearing over Mere Point bay ~ Brunswick ME;2005-07-06 00:00:00;1 hour;4 star shaped lights appearing over Mere Point bay ~ Brunswick ME While sitting at Mere Point Bay tonight, I saw 4 seperate star shaped lights that radiated beams of BRIGHT white light in an 8 pointed star shape.  They were increasing and decreasing in size, and pulsating a bright inner white glow.  They also spun in clockwise/counter-clockwise rotations, moved at inconsistent speeds, and made split second changes in direction.  The first light came from below the tree line on the Eastern side of the bay, it literally lit up the trees and the surrounding forest as it moved upwards and then sort of danced above the tree tops...it then drifted out over the bay where I could see it reflecting in the water and then it >poof< vanished.  The next 3 lights appeared from same area on the eastern part of the bay and moved in a very slow, stop and go fashion over the water, moving up and down, left to right, sort of dancing, and then gradually dimmed out and disapeared, or moved out of my line of sight.  This all occured over an hours time.  What I hope you will find MOST interesting is that over the past 3 years I have seen these same sorts of lights (and other lights) all around Maine I see them all the time!!!  Each sighting is differant in the ufo's basic properties, behaviors, and duration.  Actually the report listed here on 9/6/02 was written by my mother in North Carolina after a phone call I'd made to her one terrifying night 3 years ago while living in Richmond ME.  Just prior to that night a police officer had responded to a call I made and witnessed my lights as well, he then went on to report it to your hotline on my behalf.  I am very simply ~ A 32 year old Mother of three children who simply wants to know the TRUTH.  What are they?  And why are they here?;43.8971;-69.9817
Large spherical silver light hovering over field/valley near freeway;2018-07-01 12:30:00;<5 minutes;Large spherical silver light hovering over field/valley near freeway In summer of 2017 or 2018, leaving from Pleasant Street in Brunswick, Maine onto 295 and going north to Topsham for lunch. I noticed a large number of lower flying airplanes. There were several passenger planes as well as what looked like jets. Which is not completely foreign as Brunswick has a decommissioned naval base that does still do training, but typically not with jets. The planes seemed to be doing turns and going back and forth and not just flying through. While returning to Brunswick south on 295 roughly 15 minutes later, I turned onto the Brunswick off ramp that merges with Pleasant street. It is a sharp U turn off ramp, as you drive and before starting to turn there is a small field on the left that is lower than the roads so more like a valley that is surrounded with pine trees. There is no access to field unless you’re pulling over on the side of the freeway and walking into it. The trees and guard rails block and vehicles from pulling into th! e field. Hovering maybe 30 feet over the valley was large, maybe the size of a school bus silver bright light. I didn’t see any actual physical object just a bright blinding light. The light seemed to be moving slightly up and down as if it was hovering. The light also seemed to thin towards the outer edges. I only remember a fragment of the moment I don’t remember much before pulling back into my works parking lot. Just the blinding light, I don’t remember passing it or pulling away from it. I do remember looking back up into the sky and seeing that it was a clear day with few clouds. The section I saw the light by the freeway does not have any buildings in view. Even during winter when trees are bare. There are no towers with lights and the river that runs near the freeway is not in view of that section.;43.8971;-69.9817
