three fire orange colored lights circling a fourth light;1995-08-15 21:30:00;30 sec;three fire orange colored lights circling a fourth light I was walking home, and i saw 4 lights in the sky, three of them were circling the other one. They were the orange color that fire is. They were coming from the direction of Brunswick Naval Air station, just a few miles away. They moved from southeast to northwest. It was a perfectly black night, a new moon, and it was cloudy, there were no stars out.;43.8971;-69.9817
woken up by knocking in a dream//yellow flashes of light(and noises) that seemed to cause a momentary power outage;2019-10-17 04:30:00;10 mins;woken up by knocking in a dream//yellow flashes of light(and noises) that seemed to cause a momentary power outage I messaged my friend on discord as this experience occurred and they directed me here. I didn't think it had anything to do with aliens, but it really freaked me out. I don't remember anything of the dream- just very calm knocking, a very surreal knocking that seemed so real it woke me up to a raging storm.  (***hiding my username)Today at 4:23 AM the craziest shit happened the craziest stuff just happened i saw a huge flash of light, then the power went out then i heard a loud beep, and it came back on and everything started whirring and I heard a loud click, everything started running again, then i heard a huge bang and saw a huge flash of bright yellow light from my window and the power went out again and so I rushed to unplug my pc which is right infront of the window, the next time it happened I was looking out the window and the same noises and beeping from outside but I saw nothing but blinding yellow light for about half a second? No thunder but I think lightning hit my house!!! it happened a total of 3 x i was looking out the window, and i couldnt see what flashed it would just flash no thunder I think the circuit thing must be right under my window and it was making loud bangs and flashing Right before too, I heard knocking in my dream like 10 mins ago and it woke me up and its super windy and storming really hard, and then this happened  (P.S. I checked, there is nothing but wall under my window. No circuitry or anything that could've caused the flashing and banging. I live on the top floor and my neighbors yard is visible from my window, lol);43.8971;-69.9817
