V formation of high speed UFO's spotted.;2009-03-09 21:15:00;10 seconds;V formation of high speed UFO's spotted. My friend and I were outside my house smoking a cigarette, looking up at the sky to determine whether or not the wind was blowing from the east or the west.   While we were looking up in the sky, we saw 2 enormous formations of 10-12 individual lights.  They appeared to be very high in the sky, as they moved southwest, and the other branched off and moved southwest.  They were moving at an incredibly high rate, moving accross the entire sky in less than 10 seconds.  The formation was that of a V, and was slightly distorted.   The lights seemed to not be moving still while flying, but rather dancing around a bit while going very fast.   They eventually ran accross the sky, and disappeared before they actually left the horizon.  They just seemed to melt into the sky after awhile.  Also, everything around the V seemed to disrupt as well.  The clouds along with the starts out seemed to dissapear and reappear and fluctuate as the V went by.   We at first were convinced that it was the shape of a stealth fighter, and since our proximity to the CIA as well as Quantico meant it was simply just a plane such as that.  However, we decided it couldn't be that, because those planes do not have active divises to hide like that.  The lights were just dots in the sky, slightly larger than normal stars in the sky.  They were moving at an incredible rate, and had no other comparison to anything on Earth. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.9032888;-77.2612288
Three bright white lights with equally bright flashing red lights.;2015-02-23 19:50:00;1-2 minutes;Three bright white lights with equally bright flashing red lights Saw what I believed was an aircraft flying west to east from Dulles toward Washington, DC. It had three bright white lights, all spaced apart.  Each light had an accompying bright red light, flashing.  Whatever this was, it was flying very low.   Honestly I couldn't tell if it was one aircraft with evenly spaced lights or several aircraft flying together.  It was flying very low--possibly right above the tree line.   A helicopter was flying the opposite direction and appeared to be much higher.  The helicopter was very loud but whatever I saw, it made no noise that I could hear.  It flew in silence at a very consistent pace.  Not that fast but not slow either.   There are many aircraft out tonight but the lights on the other aircraft are less bright and they tend to have white strobes.  Whatever I saw did not, just very bright white lights with pulsing red lights.  Both light were of equal brightness.   Might not be an alien craft but it was very strange! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.9032888;-77.2612288
