Observed 5 red silent lights traveling eastward at regular intervals.  ((anonymous report));2017-07-08 21:45:00;15 minutes;Observed 5 red silent lights traveling eastward at regular intervals. A red, silent light traveling in a straight eastward path followed by another light on the same path.   We then observed 3 more of the same red lights at about 3-5 minute intervals heading on the same path.  The lights were not as high as airplanes on this flight path, but we were unable to see a shape or hear any sounds from the ufos. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.9032888;-77.2612288
Wife and I both saw a very bright blue-white object flying across the sky at an incredible speed near Dulles airport.  ((anonymous));2017-10-07 20:40:00;2 seconds;My wife and I both saw a very bright blue-white object flying across the sky at an incredible speed.   We live near Dulles airport and often see planes from either Reagan National or Dulles flying overhead, but they fly at a much slower rate of speed than this object, and we can hear them.   This object was not only much, much faster than any aircraft, it was absolutely silent.   It flew up and behind cloud cover, and instantly disappeared.   We did not see any glow through the clouds.  It could not have been a meteorite/shooting star, as it was arcing up instead of down.   We only saw it for a couple of seconds, but that was long enough for us to know it was not like anything else we have ever seen.;38.9032888;-77.2612288
Light at very high altitude began moving erratically for  several minutes.;2020-07-19 22:45:00;25 minutes;Light at very high altitude began moving erratically for  several minutes. Background: Retired Executive. Private Pilot for several years.  The heat that day was in the upper nineties. I ride my recumbent trike 5-6 times a week for health purposes. I waited until dark when it finally dropped into the upper 80’s to ride.  I rode on the W&OD Trail to Reston VA.   MY WAY back, a fellow bicyclist came up beside and we struck up a conversation as we rode together back to Vienna, which is about 10-12 miles from the Pentagon.  When we go to downtown, we stopped for a minute to rest and talk. With the recumbent trike in a resting postitio ,  I had a perfect view of the sky..  I immediately nosticed a bright starlike light, not twinkling.  It was sitting still at first then it started moving.  It looked just like a satellite which I have watched many.  You suddenly it moved very uncharacteristicly, very quickly.  As I watched it became very erratic in its movements.  I asked my new friend to look at it.  He seemed very uninterested.  He said, “Oh, it’s just a satellite.”  I told him it could not be a normal satellite because of it’s erractic, sudden movements and it’s sudden changes of direction. He looked but still was disinterested. He said something lie, you don’t believe in that stuff do you?”  I told him that I do because of past experiences  but that I never had witnessed before. He said that he had to get home and he left. He asked would I like to ride along another 2-3 miles to my car. He had to continue a few miles further. I said no, I’d like to watch this light another10-15 minutes, which I did. Though it moved most of the time it seems to remain i a small area of the sky. As I rode another 15+ minutes I would watch as it still was in the same area. When I got to the trail parking lot, I could not see it for trees.  From there I drove to my house. The light was just below 11 o’clock high to the East-Southeast. Due to its position few people would be looking unless on purpose. However it was at an altitude that made it extremely visible across the metro area, possibly for very long distances. I’d guess it was in low earth orbit territory. Please text me before calling.  My number below is a cell #. This is the first time I have every reported anything like this to anyone. I will consider consenting to release my name after contact is made. Thank you.;38.9032888;-77.2612288
