Spherical metallic objects closely follow passenger jets westward in late afternoon.;2004-10-20 15:55:00;10 min.;Spherical metallic objects closely follow passenger jets westward in late afternoon. Westbound passenger jets are visible daily, weather permitting, from the Tysons Corner area of Northern Virginia.  This time, while waiting on a street corner (Old Courthouse at Lord Fairfax) for a bus, I observed a jet flying towards the southwest, at an altitude of perhaps 30 degrees above the horizon, being trailed by two apparently spherical objects, one larger than the other, giving what appeared to be a metallic or specular reflection.  The objects maintained a roughly constant distance from the aircraft of a mile or less, following consistently on the port side of the jet (clearly away from the contrail left by the jet).  The jet (and others like it) were leaving contrails, but the spherical objects did not.  As the airplane and the objects passed into the distance, the smaller of the two spheres became less visible, being obscured in the general haze at times, and eventually all three were lost to view.  Other than the haze, the sky was cloudless.  The jet appeared dark in silhouette against the sky, unlike the objects--i.e., the reflection patterns of sunlight were entirely different for the objects from those of the aircraft.  The observation location was -77.22943 long, 38.91296 lat.  While riding the bus home from that point a few weeks later, at nearly the same time of day (about 1615 EST--note that the first observation was in daylight time, though), I again observed the same phenomenon, this time with only one spherical metallic object in view, with the plane and object nearly overhead, rather than lower in the sky and well to the southwest of the location.  The sky had a lot of high broken clouds, and the plane and object disappeared and re-appeared among the clouds more than once.  Because of the angle of observation through the bus window, the phenomenon could be observed for only a couple of minutes this time.  Weather permitting, I have continued to observe west- and southwest-bound jets at this time of day since, but have not seen the phenomenon again. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We wonder whether the a/c might have been part of a refueling operation.  Also, given the proximity of the a/c to Washington, D. C., we suspect that they may have been military.  PD));38.9032888;-77.2612288
White sphere not moving in sky.;2006-10-30 17:17:00;1 min;White sphere not moving in sky.  As bright as the moon.  I got a picture of it.   When I got into my car and looked back up in its direction it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.9032888;-77.2612288
bright, large orange sphere dancing above tall tree tops at night;2008-08-03 22:10:00;~1 minute;bright, large orange sphere dancing above tall tree tops at night I stepped outside to smoke a cigarette before getting ready for bed, and looked up into the sky to wish upon a star- which is my nightly routine. I saw my first star, made my wish, and continued looking around in the sky above me. [I don't have much visibility when it comes to seeing stars in the sky in any other direction other than UP, due to very tall oak trees in the neighborhood- unless I'm standing at the end of the driveway]. So, I walked towards the street to get a better view of the north star, which seemed especially bright. I stood there for about 1 minute, turned around to look down the other end of the street for a few seconds, and turned back. THAT IS WHEN out of the corner of my eye I noticed a very large glowing orange sphere southwest of the north star! I was able to focus in on it, but only with my eyes because I was afraid if I ran inside to grab a camera, that it would leave as quickly as it came. It was stationary for about 5 seconds or so, and then seemed to dance or bobble in the air, up and down, for about 10 seconds before making about a 45 degree northwestern - western departure trail down the street. [I say this because I lost visibility due to the tall oak trees in the neighborhood, and wasn't able to run fast enough to follow exactly how it left and where it left to]. It was silent the entire time! I ran inside to tell my parter to come outside and help me look around for it, but it was too late. I feel so lucky to have seen what I did, but at the same time it almost seems too surreal. But I know what I saw... I hope someone else out there saw it too! And was able to snap a picture or videotape it. There were airplanes in the air, both before and after the UFO sighting, however they were VERY high in the sky and appeared to be moving slowly in a straight path, blinking red and white lights- which was NOTHING like the UFO that I witnessed! It was NOT an airplane and it was NOT a helicopter!;38.9032888;-77.2612288
