Very bright light shining on our house in the middle of thick woods for 2+ hours then turning and &quotdriving&quot through trees;2012-06-23 02:00:00;2-3 hours;Very bright light shining on our house in the middle of thick woods for 2+ hours then turning and &quotdriving&quot through trees This report goes back to the summer of 2012 but someone just told me a story that reminded me of it and maybe we wont sound crazy to report it after all. It was very late and my husband and I were in bed (as were all the kids) ...we lived in liberty at the time in the middle of the woods (and old campground and we turned the main lodge into a house.)  We were woken up by a bright light shining on the side of the house our bedroom was on and coming through our window it lit up most of the room. My husband is ex military and is not only trained himself but has trained his dog very well and that dog obeys him no matter what they are going to do (hunting etc.)  So he throws some gear on and tries to go outside to see who is shining a light on our house but the dog refuses to leave the laundry room to the point where my husband was trying to pull him out by his collar and he wouldn't go with straight fear in his eyes.  My husband decided to come back in, lock back up and get the phone ready for the police.  He shined his flashlight out the window back at the light hoping if it was some punk kids with a spotlight they would realize were not some abandoned lodge they can party at and there were people living in our house but the light didn't budge. At this point we realized the light was coming from somewhere in the trees (about halfway up a full grown pine tree) and we were a little nervous because this area is so heavily wooded there's no way it could be some punk halfway up a tree with a spotlight powerful enough to light up the whole side of our house that bright.  We watching this light for almost 2 hours still debating calling the police but not wanting to sound insane if the light was gone when they got there then it just started turning....stayed right where it was but the light turned 180 degrees (still in the middle of the trees) and drove straight through them just like it was a car on a road and there was not 100 trees blocking its way....we watched until everything was dark again.  We didn't end up sleeping that night and the next day went out and looked for any sign of anything but came up blank...everyone we told thought we were crazy so we stopped talking about it but I feel the need to share!  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));44.3776;-69.328
Fireball in Liberty;2012-11-02 21:30:00;5 minutes;Gireball in liberty Fireball rising from the horizon very slowly into clouds.  I'm a licensed pilot and can identify an aircraft, the movement, conditions and length of time in the area precludes terrestrial know aircraft ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.3776;-69.328
