UFO tries to communicate;1986-04-01 22:15:00;10 to 20 minutes;UFO tries to communicate On an evening of April of 1986, as we had just dropped off one of our fellow student who lived outside the city limits we decided to take a back road as it would be faster to get to our destination.  I had noticed a bright star that seemed to very slowly be moving downward and toward us.  I told the others to look at the start that was moving toward us.  We had just stopped at an intersection. All was dark with the exception of the bright white light that was moving toward us. We were all frozen and the man driving the station wagon was also mesmerized at what we were seeing.  He comented It is probably a helicopter. I told him  But there is no sound. As it got closer we could make a shape. It was a saucer like shape.  Finally, it was almost directly over us. Actually toward my side of the station wagon.  It was about as high as a two story house so we could see many details of this thing that was above us.  On the lower part of the UFO there was a bright light and it was surrounded by what seemed about a ten foot section area which all of a sudden started emiting different lights.  It almost seemed as if there was a pattern to the lights as they went in one direction then in another.  The lights emited were changing fast from white to yellow to blue to red and many other colors.  Then they stopped.  It almost seemed as if they were trying to communicate to us.  Above the area where the lights were being emited there were what seemed to be glass windows and I could make out things moving in there.  The shape of those things were exactly like a human being except the arms seemed to be very thin and long.  The man who was driving the station wagon got very anxious and said Let's get out of here.  His mother agreed.  This UFO followed us for what seemed to be about five to ten minutes and as we were getting closer to the city lights it suddenly took off in the oposite direction.  It disappeared in what seemed to be an eyeblink.  I looked behind and noticed three military helicopters headed toward th! e genera l area where the UFO went.  We were silent all the way home.  We dropped off another of the students and then my boyfriend and I were dropped off at my mother's house.  We ran in and told her all about it.  To this date I have never mentioned this to anyone else.  I ran into the mother of the driver on a city bus and she looked at me and asked if I remembered what we saw and I told her I did.  She said It was incredible. and I agreed.  It would be nice if someone would try to contact all of us and see what we draw and say.  Again, there were four others and myself in the vehicle. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in April 1986 is approximate.  PD));25.929794069343;-97.4662918795614
I saw a ufo for 3 seconds by my house.;2008-10-11 04:30:00;3 seconds;I saw a ufo for 3 seconds by my house. Just about 20 minues ago i saw a ufo speeding trough the skies and a trail of light blue light was behind it like a shooting star. At first i tought it was a shooting star, but i noticed that it was bigger and it had a shape. I always believed in ufos, but now i kinda wish i never saw it because i can't stop thinking about it. It feels like no one will believe me.;25.929794069343;-97.4662918795614
