I just called a friend that also witnessed the UFO to verify the time. As for the sighting goes. About ten of my closest friends and my;1998-06-09 21:30:00;15min.;I just called a friend that also witnessed the UFO to verify the time. As for the sighting goes. About ten of my closest friends and myself were at my house having a barbecue. It was a summer night and hot down here in Brownsville, Texas around 9:30pm. Well we all had finished eating and were sitting around having a nice conversation when my friends girlfriend yells out, Hey, look, a shooting star. Everyone looked up to see what looked like a regular really bright star. This supposed star was traveling at a constant slow speed, in what looked to be an East to West direction. We all started talking about it and debating whether it was a falling star because it had no burn trail whatsoever. Still staring at this object, we all pretty much concluded that it must be a satellite because of the constant slow speed, perfectly straight flight path and never burnt out like a falling star usually does. A couple of friends got bored of seeing this object and looked down at each other to continue talking, while the rest and myself stayed staring at this thing. In one split fraction of a second this object Zoomed the opposite (180 deg.) direction from what now was a West to East direction at enormous length of space in just, like I said, A split second. We all were in awe. The ones that stayed staring including myself let out this Whoa sound grabbing the attention of the other friends that had turned away. Suddenly this star looking obect started making these incredibly, incredibly fast zig-ziag maneuvers. At this point, all ten witnesses were now watching. We all looked at each in amazement. I can not emphasize on how fast this object was. I'm talk about 90 degree turns, among other angles, zig-zags and zooming the opposite directions in a fraction of a second then haulting at such abrupt stop. I still get excited right now just typing this out. It was such an amazing experience. Then all of a sudden this, now through our eyes we had labeled it a UFO, shot straight up towards space and disappeared. There is NO WAY! on earth a human can withstand such sonic speeds then coming to such abrupt stops...NO WAY! Just as soon as this UFO disappeared, it reaappeared at a different location of the sky. It started flying the different zig-zag patterns again, then shot back up then reappear. It continued this pattern for the length of which was fifteen minutes. You know, it was weird, but it was as if it knew that we were watching and was taunting us. It then shot again straight up toward space and never reappeared again. The best part of this entire experience is that we are very good friends and we all saw the UFO and there is no denying it. Oh.....one more thing. Two of my friends out of the group of ten that witnessed this UFO had the same experience a year before at another friend's outdoor wedding reception. The only thing that I regret was that were weren't prepared with a camera or video camera. That's ok though cause several of us saw it. Thank you,  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));25.929794069343;-97.4662918795614
Nighttime headlight looking objects on the road doing a 90 degree turn in front of my truck (twice).;2007-12-24 00:15:00;3 to 4 Minutes;Nighttime headlight looking objects on the road doing a 90 degree turn in front of my truck (twice). On Dec. 24, 2007 at approximately 00:15 on FM 1421, Brownsville, Cameron County, Texas, we were headed South in my Ford Ranger at about 40 to 50 mph when we observed what appeared to be the head lights of an on-coming car in the opposite lane about 500 feet ahead of us bearing North.  As the “headlights” got closer (about 50 feet before passing us) they made a complete 90 degree turn in front of my truck, passed into the farm field next to us and disappeared.  This was witnessed by myself and the passenger of my truck.  At that point I slowed down to about 20 to 30 miles an hour the passenger of my car and I turned to each other and almost at the same time exclaimed, “Did you see that?”   About 10 seconds after this event and both of us being somewhat confused but alert we noted another set of “head lights” coming down the road in the same lane in the same Northerly direction as the previous set of “head lights.”  Although not expecting these second pair of “head lights” to perform in the same manner, that’s exactly what they did (a completely perfect 90 degree turn about 50 feet in front of us) vanishing, again into the field next to us (our right).  It is important to note that the second instance was a more pronounced experience as myself and the passenger of the truck had just witnessed the first incident and were, by then, in a state of high sensory alertness but also completely dumbfounded and confused.  After the second instance, I immediately stopped and got out of the car to look into the field were the lights went and could find no trace of either object.  Please note that the color of the lights were off-white and seemed to be set farther apart then normal head lights.  As the lights passed in front of the truck they also seemed to have a tail…like a comet.  Also important to note is that if these “head lights” had just gone by us I would have thought nothing of it and would have assumed they were normal cars despite the headlights being set slightly farther apart.  It was agreed by myself and the passenger that evening and over many, many recounts of the event at later times (these recounts continuing to the present) that neither of us had ever seen anything maneuver like these lights.  We also both agree that if there would have just been one event then we would have probably discounted it…but both events happened in succession…one after the other.  I can’t even begin to guess what those lights were.;25.929794069343;-97.4662918795614
Object & airplane almost collide;2008-04-28 20:45:00;30 minutes;Object & airplane almost collide I saw a extremely bright yellowish-white light moving south across the sky. I kept my eye on it for around 10 minutes. In the opposite direction moving north was an airplane with it's lights flashing as usual. Closer and closer they got to each other. I thought they were going collide. All of a sudden the objects light turned completely off. I couldn't see anything anymore. The plane then pass through the objects path. Soon after the plane passed, the object turned on some lights but this time they were strobing colors. The colors were red, yellow, blue, purple, cyan just an amazing array of different colors. One thing I noticed was that everytime the lights would flash the object seemed to advance about 500 yards more or less. I would see the object then in a millisecond of it's flashing lights the object would be further south. I live at the tip of Texas. Mexico is about 3 mile from where I live. That object was moving south towards Mexico. I kept my eye on it until I couldn't anymore. The entire sighting last for about 30 minutes;25.929794069343;-97.4662918795614
