White flashing object hovers and retreats back over 40 minute time frame. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly a celestial body.  PD));2005-06-07 20:10:00;20:50;White flashing object hovers and retreats back over 40 minute time frame. My 15 year-old brother happened to glance in the window and noticed a strange object hovering a few miles aways directly in the western sky just before dusk. It was just over the treeline of the horizon. It looked to be about three miles away. It definitely had glimmering lights that were flashing and the lights color was white. At the beginning of the sighting, it was still light outside and no stars were visible. We determined for certain that it was NOT a satellite, a meteor, a blimp, a comet, etc. Because they move and this object was stationary for about 15 minutes! I thought it may be the star Sirius cause I know a little about astronomy and it is the brightest star in our constellations over Earth. But when we went outside to investigate further, we saw more signs that this was an unexplaniable phenomenon. We had high-quality binochulars, and we both saw in them that the object was silver colored. Then the most amazing thing happened. We both witnesssed the object very quickly move to the southwest and then several seconds later returned exactly to where it was prior. Then a few minutes elapsed and it suddenly moved very quickly further from our view in a backwards motion. It was no longer visible, which means it cannot be a star. We moved back further about twenty-feet and up a slight hill on the side of our property. We could see the object again. My brother and I think that the object was being operated by intelligent forces because of the way it moved so fast and deliberately. After a couple of more minutes the object retreated a distance into the west and we could no longer see it. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly a celestial body.  PD));40.9426;-73.1116
Small UFO moving in backyard with red and white lights;2006-05-17 02:10:00;7 seconds;Small UFO moving in backyard with red and white lights I remember it being a windy night when I was inside my house on the computer. Unlike all the other nights I sit at this place at my computer, I had a strange feeling something wasn't right. I had to keep glancing over my shoulder checking the large window behind me. Between the window and the computer is about an eight foot distance to where I observed a UFO, whilst I sat in the chair. Each time I looked all I saw outside my window was the trees blowing in the wind and the other usual things.  Until I had the most overwhelming feeling something was watching me. I ignored it for a few seconds, but the longer I did the more nervous I got. I turned around fully and looked through the window, whilst sitting in the chair. I saw a circular object in the corner of where my backyard is outside. I watched it, realizing it was moving. I observed the difference between this strange light and the light of another residence through my backyard (I live in a suburban area). There was a definite difference and it was unlike anything I ever even heard of, as it was not a typical UFO, which is large.  The light came closer, until it seemed to be only 15 or twenty feet away from the window outside. For the first few seconds, it looked had white light emanating from it, with a red light on top. The lights were flashing within the object. Then the red lights on the UFO seemed to be moving from the top of the UFO to the bottom. And as it continued to move closer to the window, I ran away from the room as I felt the object was watching me and could see me in my house. I believe my feelings are right, and not silly. Again, the object appeared to be about five to seven feet long, and about the same amount wide, yet it might have been saucer shaped. The shape was difficult to discern, yet it seemed closest to a circle.  This light from the UFO had a shape though and was extremely clear to my eyes and I am sure I can't explain it as a normal occurence. I was 20 years old the night I saw it. I did not really believe it was a UFO until I heard in a documentary about alien probes appearing over suburban areas. The conditions from the room I was observing in, included a lamp light, which was on and a few feet away from the window next to it. Yet, this light did nothing to distort the image. The light of this thing appeared to my eyes to be moving in the middle of my backyard probably 15 feet off the ground. Another detail is that this object was one hundred percent light, but had a definite form, as the red light shifted from top to bottom. At least it appeared to be all light from my vantage point.;40.9426;-73.1116
Port Jefferson;2011-07-27 01:00:00;2 minutes;Port Jefferson My friend and I were sitting on the beach of conscience bay on the Strongs Neck side facing the west-southwest. The bay is about 400 meters across with 40-50 foot trees on either side.  I noticed a small red dot pop straight up on the horizon from the west-southwest that was not blinking, but thought nothing of it, believing it was just a plane.  It was like a small red star or just the light of a plane.  It appeared to be a plane miles away, and it appeared to be about 20 degrees above the horizon, or a few degrees above the trees. I noticed it started to wiggle left and right and I figured it must have been closer than I thought and might fly over the bay soon.  I mentioned it to my friend and he looked up and saw it wasn't doing anything, so he ignored it. The red dot hung in the same position for about 2 minutes, and then suddenly it changed color from red to orange.  This got our attention.  A few seconds later, it appeared to become 40 times the size as before, like 40 times the size of a bright star, or 1/4th the size of a full moon in the sky, appearing to travel miles closer to us almost instantaneously.  It looked like a small sun at sunset due to its orange color.   In this same second, it traveled a short distance so rapidly to the right (north) that it appeared to blur the whole distance, and then in the next second it appeared to travel back from where it came from (west-southwest) and became a small red dot the same size it was when it first appeared, and then about a second later it became a very tiny dot and a second later was completely gone.  It appeared to do this just above and beyond the trees on the other side of the bay. My friend stood up from where he was sitting in shock gasping for breath because he was in such disbelief. He had the wind knocked out of him.  I just sat there in disbelief.  The object was so bright the dot was still in his eyes, although I don't believe I experienced that effect.  Either way it was the strangest experience I've ever had and couldn't have possibly imagined actually seeing something like that in real life.;40.9426;-73.1116
6-7 orange flying orbs in unison in staggered arrangement, with simultaneous movements of up, down, left, right, at great speeds.;2015-09-28 21:47:00;1-2 minutes;6-7 orange flying orbs in unison in staggered arrangement, with simultaneous movements of up, down, left, right, at great speeds. To Whom It May Concern:  I was traveling east on NYS Route 347 Nesconset–Port Jefferson Highway and, as I approached traffic light to make a left onto Belle Mead Rd on way home from school I noticed at first 5 orange orbs in the sky. They were very bright, more than anything in the background and more than street lights or anything else in my view.  They moved in a random way at first like up, down, left, right. Some would approach each other, and then go back to a position where they were all traveling in same direction, which appeared north this was toward my left. There was absolutely no sound from them or their movement.  Once I realized I was seeing something I never saw before, I felt the lack of ability to explain it.   I then started to snap pictures with my cell phone. I took five in total.  Two while approaching the traffic light, and when said traffic light turned green I turned left which was the way home and they were still moving north. Once driving I tried to snap more pictures and zoom in with cell phone I managed to get three more pictures.  There were definitely six or possibly seven bright orange orbs.  They almost flickered, like different parts or points within the same “orb” were brighter:  Orange to darker orange –red, as they were very easy to see in the sky.  This was while I was moving and so where they.  They were above the trees and power lines and appeared far away, yet brighter and so pronounced they felt close.  The size of each individual orb relative to me, is the size of the diameter of a pen cap if held at arm’s length. They were very fast as they went past my line of sight over the trees and I continued to drive home.  After a split second I thought of attempting to follow them somehow, though I was confused and not actually sure what I had witnessed.  This all happened in about 2 minutes time. This led me to search for information and this is how I found this site.  So many people have seen things which sound as if they are what I have seen.  I cannot un-see this, and have continued faith that there is some explanation and all is well in the world.;40.9426;-73.1116
