Strange lights appearing and disappearing in Stuarts Draft, only visible through camera lens;2013-04-17 23:30:00;1+ hour;Strange lights appearing and disappearing in Stuarts Draft, only visible through camera lens On April 17th, 2013 at around 11:30 pm, I was outside on my back porch looking for a pair of shoes my son had left outside.  (Note: it was pitch black, no visible stars, it had however started sprinkling.)  I was using my phone as a flash light, and my view finder on my phone kept trying to pick up every random object in the back yard, I was amazed at how well it was at seeing objects I could barely make out, so I turned it up towards the sky to see if it would pick up any stars that might be hiding behind clouds, and immediately my view finder focused and this bright dot appeared,   I looked up, saw nothing but pitch black, looked back down and watched the dot appear, and disappear, then right beside it two more would appear, when all 3 lights were on at the same time, it made a triangular shape, they stayed mostly white lights, but occasionally we saw them blink purple and blue   (Note: it seemed like these 3 particular lights were the same object, other parts of the sky would h! ave one or two, it was always changing) kinda like a airplanes lights blink,but there was no pattern at all to the lights, at first they were completely stationary just blinking on n off at random,and like I said, none of this was visible with the naked eye. I watched a few minutes trying to figure out what I was staring at, and called my son outside to look to make sure I wasn't just seeing things, when he confirmed my sanity was still intact, we immediately started trying to name off things that it possibly could be, and I kept coming up with nothing that I have ever seen before, so I switched my phone to video and started recording the lights, at this point, I'm not gonna lie, I was freaking out, so I went in and woke up my gf, and made her come out and see, she grabbed her phone, and I started charging my video camera as well to hopefully catch it on there as well. This went on for over a hour, in several different locations in the sky, we walked around the house and do! wn the road a little, facing the opposite direction, and after! a min o r two these lights would appear. I called a friend of mine who ever since we were little was obsessed with airplanes, he worked at the airport and even built his own 1 person plane. I figured he would be able to tell me what I was more then likely seeing, after a few minutes of apologizing for it being so late, and for sounding like a crazy person, he had me send him the videos I recorded, I waited for him to watch them all, and when he called me back, he was baffled as well, he told me that airplanes can't remain stationary in the sky and that they have guidelines for certain color lights they can use, and he also said the fact that we couldn't visually see it without the camera lens told him  the light sources had to be infrared like on a tv remote. He told me he really had no clue what it was, he did however tell me that he also had seen something he couldn't explain a few months prior, but that he was able to visually see it with his naked eye. I don't know much about ai! r craft and if we all missed a obvious answer, I will gladly accept feeling like a moron.   Today, while browsing the internet I cane across this video about syria and the strange sightings that are currently being seen there, which made me think about how similar some of these videos I was seeing were, so i searched to see if anything strange had ever been seen in Virginia, and I found this website, and a youtube video that had been filmed the same day, in another part of Virginia, where the viewer had the same phenomenon of only being able to see it through his camera lens. So after watching that, I decided to come on here and share my experience and videos.  Ever since then I randomly scan the skies with my viewfinder when I'm outside at night, and I have never incurred these strange lights since that night. So yeah, call me crazy lol but I dunno it was pretty nuts.;38.0161;-79.0345
I was just looking up at the clear sky.  I noticed what looked like a plane ascending.  No strobes.  ((anonymous report));2017-09-24 20:00:00;25 seconds;I was outside smoking a cigarette and just looking up at the clear sky.  I noticed what looked like a plane ascending.  I noticed that there were no blinking lights.   The object started to decrease in size.  I almost gave up on it when it shot off in the opposite direction insta ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.0161;-79.0345
