Orange light over natrona heights, pa;2008-07-22 23:00:00;4 minutes;Orange light over natrona heights, pa While in the car at 11pm. Overhead was an orange light. It seemed to be a balloon. But like sort of like a hot air balloon because it was orange with a light inside. The UFO continued to follow our car for at least 2 more minutes finally the UFO was so far in the sky it was not able to see. Also the moon was huge and an orange color. Is this a real UFO or just a hot air balloon?  This is no joke. Although, right when we got the phone out to take a picture the object was unsightable.  Overhead- looking through the sun roof. Looking up don't no what direction. In very small town it was clearly not a street light it was very close like 50 ft. then left and disappeared.  11 pm at night looked up things online and saw exact thing like what happened in January in France, 08. Also in California;40.6421;-79.7273
Unidentified flame flying low over natrona heights;2009-09-18 21:00:00;few minutes;Unidentified flame flying low over natrona heights I was in my truck pulling out of the parking lot at work when i noticed a flame in the sky floating a little above the houses accross the street.  It almost looked like the flame from a hot air balloon but without the balloon.  A friend of mine was in the truck with me and had thought for a minute it might have been a meteor.  I followed under the flame down a street lined with houses and was so intrigued i had never seen anything like it before.  I grabbed the camera i had in my truck to try to take a picture but before i could take a picture the object picked up speed flying accross the highway, through the plaza parking lot area towards the highschool and increased altitude until it disappeared into the stars.  I went back to my work and 2 of the men i work with had also seen the object.  They were dumping garbage in the dumpster when they saw it fly above the building I work in heading over the back parking lot where I had pulled out and started to follo! w it.  The whole incident happened in a few minutes.  I have lived in this town 38 years and never wittnessed anything that compares to this.;40.6421;-79.7273
