5 glowing objects sighted in Tulsa. One of the five objects splits off into three seperate objects.;2006-03-10 21:45:00;40 min. per.;5 glowing objects sighted in Tulsa. One of the five objects splits off into three seperate objects. Unbelievable!  My son and I sighted 5 objects in the night sky that were independant of each other over a 40 min. span.   We had sighted a vapor trail from an airliner moving east to west and noticed a glowing object approaching the airliner at high speed and accelerate around the airliner and disappear off in the distance. 3 times we observed this from one location.  We then drove home got out the binoculars and lawn chairs and sighted a 4th object moving at high speed east to west, we tried to get a bead on the object with the binoculars but, had a hard time getting a focus because of the velocity at which the object was traveling when all of a sudden it splits off into 3 seperate objects!  One of them appeared to bank off to a due south direction, and accelerate out of sight in seconds, looked like it jumped time. While the other two maintained there same velocity and banked off the northeast Stacked on top of each other.  We could never determine a shape or clean lines to the objects, they appeared as if they had an ullumination surrounding them that you couldn't make out a distinctness. Sky was exceptionally clear, no wind, probly 68 deg. F. Really neat sighting! Really nice machines!;36.1119170172083;-95.9381022944546
A strange, changing shape UFO over Tulsa.;2008-03-08 14:50:00;1min, 10sec;A strange, changing shape UFO over Tulsa. 	Okay, it all started when I was on my rooftop.  I had my binoculars with me (if it weren’t for the binoculars, I wouldn’t have seen this object.)  I was viewing a large plane with them that was high in the sky (either a Boeing 767 or 777).  As I was following it, then it happened.  The time was approx. 2:50 PM. I spotted this weird looking circle craft in the sky (it looked like it was supposed to be a disk) but it was changing because the outline of the craft had wrinkles in it.  It continued to make these weird outlines by wrinkling the outline of the craft.  The craft had no sound (that’s the common thing for all UFOs).  The color looked like a silver color.  The size, well, if it was on the edge of space, then it must have been something pretty massive for me to only see with my binoculars.  I checked the binoculars for debris, but none was present.  It wasn’t a reflection because this “craft” entered my binoculars.  I am familiar with the way weather balloons look in the sky (perfectly circle, white, going up pretty fast).  But this was no weather balloon.  It wasn’t a perfect circle or completely white.  It was what I said up there.  I also know it was not a shopping bag because even a slight bit of wind could not carry it that high or keep it hovering like that.  It was way up there because when the plane passed by it, then the object was behind the plane.  It came from behind the plane (not by itself, but by the plane moving).  I took the binoculars off my eyes, and I couldn’t see the object with my naked eye.  I tried to find it again, but I lost the object.  It wasn’t a balloon because later, for another 10 seconds, I saw it.  A balloon wouldn’t stay for another 15 minutes (I had come outside later). Later, at approx. 3:15PM (25 minutes later), I went back outside and looked in the sky with my binoculars at another, smaller airliner.  The smaller airliner was just as high as the other plane was earlier.  The object came into the screen again, only this time, much higher.  It was in the same spot as it was earlier.  It was doing pretty much the same things as it was earlier.  It looked like it was slowly but surely going up.  The sighting ended after that.  	I never thought that I would see anything like this.  I have heard many things on the news, but I didn’t believe some of them.  I did, however, see the Stephenville, Texas sightings in January on the news.  I believed it.  The only thing that made it hard to believe was when the object returned, they reported 2 noisy fighter jets chasing the noiseless, triangular craft at high speeds.  I don’t know if that part is true.  I have believed in UFOs ever since I was younger.  What made me believe in them was when I heard about a case on the news or something.  I believe that some of them are either ET, angels, or something like that.  I don’t know why they are here.  If this was a real craft, then this is amazing.  This is all that I have to say about this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));36.1119170172083;-95.9381022944546
A bright white light in form of a cross appeared from southwest of Tulsa.   As it approached,  the craft moved to right for a second th;2014-04-18 22:58:00;3 minutes;A bright white light in form of a cross appeared from southwest of Tulsa.    As it approached,  the craft moved to right for a second then headed due north.  It repeated this several times before slowing its speed down to a more fluent motion...   There was no sound as the craft flew directly over Tulsa.  Flashes of red appeared as it  slowed tremendously from its initial speed.  Silently it continued north..   The craft appeared to be cigar- like shape with yellow lights- one large in center with red small lights on either side and two smaller yellow lights on outer ends.   It appeared to float at this speed like a blimp.  It appeared to float further over Tulsa going north to north east...  Time recorded from 10:58 to 11:01 PM.;36.1119170172083;-95.9381022944546
Unusual colored object changing to white, rapidly diminishing in size tapering brightness.;2018-08-12 04:50:00;30 seconds;Unusual colored object changing to white, rapidly diminishing in size tapering brightness. ime:  4:50 AM cdt  Sky conditions:  thin overcast per infrared satellite recordings on weather.unisys.com Unusual lighted object spotted moving southwesterly direction over city while driving south on Lewis Avenue near 3rd street, returning home from airport passenger drop-off.  First noticed when object was easterly direction from Lewis, crossed in front of observer at indeterminate altitude.  Speed also indeterminate due to unknown distance to object. Initial size of object approximately that of a lemon held at arm's length, shape indeterminate, colors varying and ended up white.  Rapidly grew smaller.  By the time observer got camera on target (maybe 10 seconds max), object had diminished in size to almost a point.  Short video shows very bright white light moving along straight line across the observer's route, in a southwesterly direction becoming rapidly smaller then vanishing. Unusual lights and change of object's size unrecorded, but the character of the point of white light and the rapid disappearance (tapered of rapidly, not a sudden “off” like a light switch phenomenon) are recorded on video.  Possibly tapered off due to entering cloud layer but no haziness evident on video.;36.1119170172083;-95.9381022944546
