Witnessed with a friend, a large, rectangular object hovering at sundown in Tulsa Oklahoma.;1989-03-15 19:00:00;3 to 5 minutes;Witnessed with a friend, a large, rectangular object hovering at sundown in Tulsa, Oklahoma. It was about sundown on a March evening in 1989.  I forgot the exact day.  I was riding in my friend’s Jeep and we were heading back to his apartment.  We were stopped at a red light at an intersection heading east.  Up in the Southeastern sky, it looked like a jet airliner was on fire heading down toward Earth.  The smoke and fire cleared after a few seconds and revealed a large, rectangle shaped, solid object.  It had dozens of white lights along the side.  I want to say they seemed to be windows, because the light seemed to be coming from inside the object, not mounted on the outside. The object seemed to be about a football field or so long.  It hovered at treetop level at a fifteen degree angle slowly drifting north about a mile away.  It made no sound. Everyone in their cars at the intersection was freaking out.  All of this took place over about a minute or so, maybe less. It had drifted pretty far North by the time the traffic light turned green.  That's when we saw and heard fighter jets (lights out) screaming toward the object from the far Southern sky.  As we hurried to try to get under it to get a better view, we lost sight of it for a few seconds because of the trees on the left side of the road.  When we got to the next intersection, the jets flew right over us, and we saw the object way down the street.  I could see the back end of it.  I would guess it was about a mile away, moving faster and much higher in the sky now.  We knew we would never catch up with it.  Almost as soon as we saw it, it quickly moved very high in the sky at an unbelievable speed, and it was gone. About an hour later, I went and told my Dad about it, and drew some sketches. We watched the ten o’clock news, as they were going to have a story WITH FILM FOOTAGE of an object seen in the sky that night.  The film they showed was taken by a lady that had been at a local nearby restaurant that evening, and it had that restaurant’s sign in the foreground.  But what they showed looked like a falling star, nothing more.  No word from the dozens of witnesses that saw what we saw.  No footage of the object hovering a hundred feet or so off the ground, or any of the rest of it.  They said it was a Russian satellite falling out of its orbit.   When those things happen, don't they know about when and where those things will fall?  I'm all the time hearing weathermen saying things like, Keep an eye in the Western sky tonight to catch a glimpse of blah blah blah.. Over the years, I've wondered how many other people saw that, and I've wanted to compare notes.  I haven't been able to find anything in any newspaper of TV. archives that even told the story. Since that night, I've questioned everything.  I truly believe the government knows much more than we even believe they do.  I hate to sound like one of those conspiracy freaks, but after seeing undisputable proof that we are not alone, it makes me uneasy to not have the whole story.  Anyway, that's my story, as best as I can remember it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));36.1119170172083;-95.9381022944546
It was the size of a football field.;1991-09-01 15:00:00;15 minutes;It was the size of a football field. I was a thirteen year old girl and we just moved to Oklahoma. It was later afternoon when i was  sitting on the hood of an old sixty something cadillac in my folks driveway listing too my walkman in the distance was a big hill with what i think was a cell phone tower on it i was facing this hill as soon as i looked i saw an object almost stationary and something gray circling the tower i watched it for about 10 minutes when i noticed it started coming toward my direction and thats when i noticed it was'nt an airplane it was really big rectangle shaped, and a gray little plane was slowly following behind. the ufo was'nt going that fast at all, well needless to say when i realized i did'nt know what it was i was scared to death i could'nt move or talk or anything. Gathering my wits i stood up as i saw it coming toward me  it now moved over my head thats when i saw it was the size of a football field, gold colored with these large round lightbulbs and it was silent.  behind was a gray plane that kept some distance after a few the ufo speed into the horizon and the grey plane tried in vain too keep up. i,ve never been so scared in my life and i know someone else had to see this happen it was broad day light for christ sake. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));36.1119170172083;-95.9381022944546
