Bizarre light in small town that changed colors, other strange sightings within the same week.;2002-06-22 21:00:00;3-4 minutes;Bizarre light in small town that changed colors, other strange sightings within the same week. I know that I'm reporting this over a decade later but I recently found the notebook that I had this information written in. My husband and I were driving home after going to the movies and when we were coming down the hill by the baseball field we saw a bright light in the sky.  There were no stars out, it was very cloudy.  We saw a bright light to our right, above the mountain.  We had our windows rolled down the air felt as if it was electrified.  We parked at the baseball field and watched the light amazed at it.  The mountain it was above it is impossible to go up it without being on an 4-wheeler.  We watched the light and it started to move and change colors, it changed blue, green, orange, yellow, purple and white and every color in between.  All of a sudden it zipped towards us and vanished. 2 days later I was on my way back from the hospital and I took the same road to get home and I saw a light on the mountain, and it was changing colors just like it was the few nights before. About a week later on the other mountain that intersects with the mountain in which the original light was see it looked as if there was spot lights shining up in the sky.  Nobody lives that far up that mountain at all, that mountain is classified in another county.  The lights that looked like spot lights were there every night for almost a month before they completely vanished.;38.1361;-81.0956
Bright blue light near Jupiter, appeared and disappeared in a matter of seconds.;2012-11-08 22:45:00;10-15 seconds;Bright blue light near Jupiter, appeared and disappeared in a matter of seconds. I was outside walking my dogs and looked up at the south eastern sky around Jupiter, there was a bright blue light (the same color blue as the lights from a police car).  It was about 5 inches to the right of Jupiter.  It was dim and got really bright and then just blinked out in just a matter of a few seconds. It is a cloudless night and the moon is not visible. I was the only person that I know that observed it because I was walking my dogs, my dogs acted as if they were scared because they all came in within a minute of the sighting which is unusual for them. I call myself a hobbiest astronomer, I do know where some things in the are in the sky.  I normally have my cell phone with me but tonight I forgot it in the house before I walked my dogs.;38.1361;-81.0956
Multicolored flashing light on cloudy night.;2012-11-17 23:30:00;30+ minutes;multicolored flashing light on cloudy night. I walked outside to lock my car and looked up and saw the light in the sky, I didn't think anything of it until I realized it was very cloudy.  I sat outside in my car for a little while just watching it for about 15 minutes.  My husband came outside wondering what I was doing and he was amazed he had never seen anything like that either.  A few minutes later I got a phone call from my niece who lives about ten minutes away asking me if I saw a strange light outside towards the south over the mountain, she was doing some homework for her astronomy class in college.  We were seeing the same thing, she got off the phone to call her professor to see if he was seeing the same thing and I did not hear back from her.  But she said it was roughly 30 degrees to the southwest of Jupiter and roughly 50 degrees south south west away from Sirus whatever that means.  I took a video of the strange light in the sky.  It was changing colors, pale blue, white, orange, green a! nd red and it was flashing in and out.  There was no sound.;38.1361;-81.0956
