bright light in sky no stars seen moved around and changed colors then suddenly vanished;2002-06-22 21:00:00;5-10 minutes;bright light in sky no stars seen moved around and changed colors then suddenly vanished Saw a bright light on the mountain thought it was a star for a minute but it was too bright to be a star, started changing colors after a minute or 2, went left and then right then zipped off to the right and vanished.  it couldnt have been a house because nobody lives on that mountain and it couldnt have possibly been a star because no stars were out. A soft thumping noice was heard.;38.1361;-81.0956
Bright light in sky with no possiblity of stars because it was cloudy out changed colors then zoomed out of sight;2002-06-22 21:00:00;going home from baseball ;Bright light in sky with no possiblity of stars because it was cloudy out changed colors then zoomed out of sight My mom, me and my brothers were going home after leaving the baseball field a little ways up the road from here, and I looked up and I saw a light that looked like it was above the mountain and at first I thought it was a star but then I looked out the side window up at the sky and it was cloudy so I asked my mom what that was, she didnt know so we stopped and turned off the car and just stared at it for about 5 minutes and after 1 minute it started to change colors it went from just a white light to red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, and the colors just kept changing and the lights started flashing, it just set there in the same place for a long time after awhile though it flew left and then it flew right and then it went back to the same place it was at and just hovered there for a long time, then it zoomed to the right even more and just vanished.  Come to find out it was below the top of the mountain and there was no possibilty that it was a airplane or a weather balloon or a house because it is to far from civilization and there is no roads that lead up on that mountain but every since that happened once in a while there has been lights shining up like spot lights when it is late at night ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date above, until we hear back from the witness.  We have requested that a report be submitted by the mother of the witness.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Response from witness appears below.  Date is corrected.  PD)) ((BEGIN REPONSE)) I believe the date was June 22, 2002 it was between my 8th and 9th grade year, I will try to get my mom to submit a report.  This is a serious report. ((END));38.1361;-81.0956
