Large triangular UFO seen in the distance as well as a small black orb that passed about 5 miles north of us west to east at 300 feet.;2020-07-26 20:05:00;45 minutes;Large triangular UFO seen in the distance as well as a small black orb that passed about 5 miles north of us west to east at 300 feet. Last night on July 26, 2020, my wife and I decided to head out to the desert south of the town of Mojave to observe the comet.  We found a great spot just north of Lancaster and about 5 miles south of Rosamond on a small wadi on West Avenue B just off of Sierra Highway.  It was a very clear evening with just some haze in the west. We set up an evening camp just in time to watch the sun set.  At about 8:05pm or so, as we were digging into dinner, my wife said “Look at that, out to the west”.  I looked and saw what almost appeared to be a dark cloud among some sunset haze.  I looked closer through the small binoculars we brought with us, and it looked like a wide pyramid, with a top that almost billowed (may have been the clouds/haze).  It appeared to just hover in the sky, about 20 degrees up from the horizon.  We used a mountain range between us and the object to observe.  It never moved or changed shape as normal clouds do.  It definitely looked out of plac! e and like a firm, fixed object.  I saw what looked to be two small aircraft moving around the shape (just below it and moving right to left).  My wife did not see these two smaller objects, despite looking through the binoculars.  We observed for about 4 minutes, and then it seemed to “disappear”.  It may have been from the haze/clouds. Then about 2-3 minutes later, again, my wife said—“Look!  Over in that direction!”  I looked over to the northwest, just to the west of the town of Rosamond, and I saw a black orb just above the horizon.  It was moving west to east, about 300 feet over the horizon and descending slowly.  It was moving at around 300 knots estimated (I am a retired Navy Fighter Pilot and civilian pilot with nearly 4,000 hours, so it is my best guess).  It was about as big as a Jeep Wrangler and moving silently.  It appeared to fly over the town of Rosamond.  It never slowed, only descended slightly to about 100 feet above the ground after it passed well behind us.  As it moved past, it appeared not only as a black ball, but also almost hexagonal, like the child toy that you used to plug different shapes into.  There were no lights that I could see until it was directly behind us, then a reddish/white steady light (not anti-collision or position lights like on a normal aircraft).  Since it appe! ared to fly over Mojave and the airport, my guess is that it was about five miles to the north of us.  Then, we lost track. I went to my Jeep to get some things out of the back, and my wife called and said that the first large object was back in the west and that now there were two of them.  I looked through the binoculars, and sure enough, the original object was in the same exact spot that it was before and flanked by another similar object.  We watched them until the light faded, roughly another ten minutes or so.  In their place once it the light had faded enough where they were no longer visible, we saw a single distinctive single light right at their exact location.  This light remained for about 15 minutes. We left our evening camp spot at around 9:45pm with nothing else significant happening (aside from a pretty good view of the comet).;34.7129120689657;-118.103304214559
