Low flying,fast moving object, making abrupt turns and dissapeared at a steep ange below a small rise.;2000-05-20 20:45:00;3 minutes;Low flying,fast moving object, making abrupt turns and dissapeared at a steep ange below a small rise. At about 8:45 pm on Saturday. May 20 I was outside on my porch when I noticed an object coming from the SW and going to the NE. When first seen it was about 12 to 15 miles away and travelling at a high rate of speed at an altitude of between 500 and 1000 ft. I could not make out the shape but observed 6 or 7 bright white,randomly strobing lights in a horizontal line. The object continued on to a point beyond Saddleback Butte where it mad an abrupt 45 degree tun and headed to the north, still at a high rate of speed. It was at such a low altitude that it went behind two small rises in the butte. It continued noth for about a half a mile and made an abrupt 90 degree turn and came towards me. It then changed into one extremely bright white light and went down at a 60 degree angle, not reducing speed, dissapearing below a rise in the terrain that is about 200 to 300 feet higher in elevation than I am.My wife only observed the last 10 seconds as the object descended to the ground. This area is about 3 miles south of the boundary of Edward's AFB.;34.7129120689657;-118.103304214559
3 amber/orange lights with loud rumble sound move through Lancaster CA;2011-01-24 17:30:00;10 minutes;3 amber/orange lights with loud rumble sound move through Lancaster CA UFO Sighting:     On or about 1730, 24 Jan 2011 I witnessed what I believe to be a UFO.  I am a Jet Engine Mechanic/Aircraft Supervisor.  I have been in the trade for 12 years.  I’ve worked 15 different model/makes of engines on over 20 different aircraft platforms.  I’ve grown up in a family of aviators.  I have lived in houses since my teens directly in conventional aircraft flight patterns.  I know what an airplane, jet, or turboprop sounds, and more importantly looks like. Around 1730 on the 24th of January 2011 I was standing on my back patio grilling pork chops.  The sky was clear.  The sun was just starting to go down.  We still had blue skies when I began to hear a very deep rumble of a jet engine.  C-130 aircraft are commonly flying over head so it was refreshing to hear a jet engine.  I have watched hundreds of aircraft take off from the EOR (End of Runway).  When I casually looked up curious as to what was there, I did a double take because I didn’t see anything?  I remember asking myself where is it.  It’s not that high based on the clarity of the sound.  I know how the sound of jets can creep up on you when they’re in the air, and by the time you hear it it’s gone.  This was right above me.  After about ten seconds of looking, suddenly right above me, two very bright amber/orange lights came on.  They were easily a few hundred yards apart.  I know what an afterburner (ab) looks like when lit and these were not afterburners, and there! was no sound progression to go with the transition from mil power to ab.  As I watched this slowly move north toward Rosamond CA a third light directly in between, but slightly forward of the two came on, and it was amber as well.  This made a slight triangle shape. I knew what I was watching was something different so I called for my wife who was in the house to come look.  The craft was no longer directly over head as it was moving away from us.  She wondered what it was and referred to the formation of lights as Orion’s Belt.  That’s about the right description. I was waiting for some movement vertical or horizontal showing separation, but nothing occurred.  Then each light began going off to the point all three lights were gone at one time, and the sound was still there.  Then one by one each light came back on and then in between the left and center lights two very fast silver lights flashed two or three times and went away.  To me they resembled a light showing formation of the aircraft.  It was too far away to tell if it silhouetted the craft.  From my perspective they were just between the center and left light.  They never came back on while the three amber lights remained visible.  All together I watched this craft move maybe 20 miles in about 10 min until I lost sight due to my neighbor’s house obstructing it.  I will say during the entire ordeal even after losing sight the sound remained constant.  It was a very deep rumble.  It moved very slowly. I live in a newly built residential neighborhood that doesn’t have a single tree taller than 15ft.  I live near Edwards AFB and waited to see if anything may be flying with it?  I didn’t see any recognizable aircraft come to view.   Nobody was outside lighting off any fireworks or flares.  I am truly perplexed as to what it was that passed over my house?  The whole time I was asking myself is anybody else seeing this.  There had to be?  It was still day light and the weather very nice.  I’ve never reported a UFO of any kind, and kept telling my wife I want to see if anybody else is reporting something?  I only wish I would have run in the house and grabbed a camera instead of being awestruck. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this individual, and we found him to be an unusually credible witness.  He speaks as eloquently and clearly as we observe he writes.  PD));34.7129120689657;-118.103304214559
