8 to 10 multi colored objects flying rapidly fast over Clovis, CA.;2009-04-01 19:37:00;10 Minutes;8 to 10 multi colored objects flying rapidly fast over Clovis, CA. I can understand why some may not believe my story when they see the date of this post, but I promise you, this entry is completely real. The story begins with me and my boyfriend (at the time) spending our last day together.  He picked me up around 19:35 so that we could drive around town and enjoy each others' presence. While we were driving North on Clovis Ave, between Dakota and Ashlan Ave, we spotted these strange flying objects (at 19:37) moving east.  It took about 2 minutes for them to be right in front of our view from when we first spotted them. Eight to ten bright, and silent objects flying surprisingly fast, and rapidly flashing white lights (that changed colors to red, purple, blue, yellow, and green). They were in a 4-2-4 formation 4 on top, 2 in the middle and 4 on the bottom.  We immediately pulled over in the parking lot of the Clovis Recreation Center.  We sat there for 7 minutes, staring in awe.  We failed to have any type of media equipment suitable for capturing the moments that were happening.  The objects then, 2 at a time, began to separate and flew faster than the rest (going towards the ea! st hills/mountains).  At that same time, we noticed an airplane flying in the sky.  We could quickly tell, due to the red and green slow flashing lights and the noise it made.  After, we drove towards the hills/mountains to try to catch up to them.  We were not fast enough, but we did see them disappear.;36.8328509174311;-119.67343027523
Unknown very big object with 2 lights disappears no sound with it at all... thought we were going to die;2010-07-02 21:40:00;seconds;Unknown very big object with 2 lights disappears no sound with it at all... thought we were going to die I am reporting this in sadness because of this event my dog died!  My daughter went to get the dogs from outside to bring them in (she's 15) and she ran screaming get out a plane is going to hit us run and she was hysterical.   Me my husband and my son went running downstairs and my husband went to the backdoor (running) to investigate because my daughter is very meek and quiet and never screams.   The next thing I know my husband is yelling run its gonna hit us and he started praying to God that we lived and if not take us to Heaven.  We ran straight out the door as fast as our legs would go.  Myself and my son never heard or saw anything we were just running for dear life.   My husband told us to stop behind the trees because he thought at any moment it would hit and we wouldnt get much father and we live in the country so its all mostly open space.  When nothing happened he told us to keep running as I horrifyingly saw him turn back toward the house.  We kept going as we went trying to call our dogs that had escaped with us.  My husband returned in his truck to state the object simply vanished he had no idea where it went but it never hit our house or flew over us.   So we continued the search for our dogs however one was struck by a car and killed.  Later when I spoke with my husband and daughter I was informed it had 2 bright lights and was up in the sky they could see the back neighbors house below it and it made no sound and teetered a little back and forth but the lights were always horizontal to eachother.  This object made no sound what so ever and my husband said he saw the silhouette and it was as big as our back pasture across and very dark.  I am very saddened but wanted to report this because weird things have occurred before.  Like our laser lights we would play with our dogs with when we would point them in the field they would disappear at some points but would be seen all the way to the orchards at other points and we! always laughed that it was like something invisible was sucking up th e light at that spot. Im scared and wanted this reported in the case something happens to us.  Now it is time for me to grieve.;36.8328509174311;-119.67343027523
