Red flashing lights and phantom dogs;2008-07-16 05:30:00;10 minutes;Red flashing lights and phantom dogs I do believe that strange phenomenon exists around us, but I have never experienced anything like this before, personally. I would like to think that this is just some crazy hoax.  I have 6 cats, two dogs, and live in a rural area. Our property is 1-1/4 acre deep. We live in a desert area and have some natural growth (sage, yucca, Joshua trees, etc) along one back corner of our yard. We left it for privacy reasons. There is an electrical pole in that particular corner, as well, but situated in the lot behind us. The lot behind us has no home on it. It’s one of the few vacant lots in our neighborhood, and is full of natural growth.  I stayed up late the night before last. Yesterday morning I woke up at 5:15 am to my favorite bunk buddy (cat) digging at my face. He does this on occasion and it is usually an annoyance that lasts for a few seconds, until I get him to lie down, so that I can resume sleep. Yesterday morning he kept doing this nonstop until I finally just decided to get up.  I walked out to my kitchen, fixed a cup of coffee and lit a cigarette. It is on rare occasion that I get up this early, as I am not a morning person, I like to go outside and take in the morning sunrise. Something about sunrise is just so peaceful to me.  Well, yesterday morning was just kind of eerie, I felt a slight headache coming on, as I started to head out the front door, but then decided to go out into my courtyard instead. I have a table and chairs out there where I can sit.  The sky was kind of eerie, without any sunshine. It was more like an overcast morning, but without the clouds.  As I stood, looking at the back of my yard I saw some bright red flashing lights in the back corner of my yard, lots of them covering about a six sq. foot area, through the overgrowth and underbrush. I thought perhaps it’s a fire truck or something, or an ambulance. But what would an ambulance or fire truck be doing in a vacant property. I started walking toward the back of the property to the lights. He lights were obviously on the outside of my fence, by an electrical pole. I started thinking maybe someone is getting ready to do some electrical work, but why 5:30 in the morning? The closer I got (My property runs deep.) the more I could hear rustling in the bushes. Then I saw my two dogs, one was running back and forth along the back fence sniffing, but not barking. The other dog was sniffing around outside the bushes. I yelled for both of them and neither of them acknowledged my call. They never even looked at me. This was very much out of character for both of them.  I frantically started yelling for them, as they suddenly got interested in what was going on behind the bushes. I didn’t want them trailing in because I had no idea what or who was rustling in the bushes. Both dogs headed into the bushes right away. My two dogs running up behind me, from the front of the property, smiling, tails wagging as usual distracted my attention. I looked back in front of me and everything disappeared, as though nothing was there. No red lights, no dogs on my side of the fence, nothing.  I don’t know if anyone else has had an experience like this before, but I would sure like to know about it. I know that I am a sane human being. I know that I was not dreaming. Incidentally my headache lasted almost all day long. I don’t drink, and do not do drugs. If anyone else has had anything like this happen, please list it because this is really bugging me. I was never afraid during the episode except for thinking my dogs were about to get involved with something or someone in the bushes. Afterwards, I was a little confused, and reluctant to tell even my husband.;34.4308073170732;-117.551934146341
