Ball of light incapacitated my best friend and scared me;1976-06-01 21:00:00;3 minutes;Ball of light incapacitated my best friend and scared me Although this event was quite along time ago, I still think about it very regularly. My best friend and I were playing night tennis at the tennis court of the local air force base. We finished our game and decided to play with matches that we brought in order to light the cigars we stole from his dad's stash. We began to play with the matches by flipping the matches back and forth at each other as if in a fiery mock battle. After several flips had occurred back and forth between us a spotlight? hit my friend and was actually off-center onto him. I got scared because he froze like he was in suspended animation or on pause. I began to get Very anxious about all of this and looked upwards for the source of the scary spotlight. It was a ball of light up in the sky,completely quiet,just hovering there. There were no connecting lights or beams between the two but I just KNEW that the ball of light was the source of the spotlight that froze my best friend. I couldn't believe what was happening to us. I squeezed my eyes together and shook my head very hard in hopes that it would just go away. When I opened them back up--it was gone! I was alittle shocked as I didn't really think that it would really work. But it did! The quiet ball of hovering light was gone! I quickly looked at my friend who was coming out of it and I was truely shook up. He was fine. I asked him if he saw the noiseless light in the sky. He said he did. Then I asked him how?-- as he never was able to physically look up and see anything due to his incapcitation. He said that he didn't know how --but he felt that he did somehow see it. I on the other hand saw everything and I didn't like any of it! It just wasn't right. It just wasn't! We used to refer to it off and on as we were growing up -but have now lost touch with one another. Something very wrong happened that night in '76 and I have never stopped thinking about it since. I thought tonight that I would finally just write this all out, in hopes of possibly getting this off my chest and possibly out of my head. As far as I know-nothing other than seeing it, involved me that night. I just hope that what I do remember -is all that truely happened and nothing more. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));31.301005;-92.46729875
Fighter jets chased 3 lights above my house.;2006-05-13 21:28:00;15 mniutes;Fighter jets chased 3 lights above my house. I heard fighter jets above my house.  When i went investigate i noticed that a fighter jet was chasing a red light (which was 1/4 the size of the lights on the jet) as close as 2 plane lengths behind.  I showed my wife and as we looked the red light it seperated into 2 seperate lights and went seperate directions.   At that time the fighter continued on chase one of the lights. The light was outrunning the jet.  We then saw the third light which seemed to change from red to white.  All this is taken place at roughly 400-600 feet.  I could hear and see the fighter jet plainly but no noise at all from these lights nor did i ever see an object just these very tiny lights.  At the beginning of this there were several jets above my house a would say roughly 5 of them they all scrambled.  There have never been jets above my house before.;31.301005;-92.46729875
