Myself and a passenger observed a hovering and moving red ball of light while driving in a rural area.;2011-09-03 20:00:00;5 minutes;Myself and a passenger observed a hovering and moving red ball of light while driving in a rural area. I was heading southwest on a very rural and wooded road in a small town.  I was driving the vehicle and had one passenger, a friend,in the front passenger seat.  It was twilight, and the sky was still somewhat light. We were in a heavily wooded area and all of a sudden to my left, quite high up in the sky, appeared a red ball of light. It looked like a red star, as it was at first, not moving.  Upon closer look, it appeared to be hovering. It then dropped what could have been one hundred feet (more or less, as I had no idea how far away it was).  At this point, my friend and I were intrigued and I pulled over to the side of the road.  Again it hovered, but this time it looked almost as if it was spinning very fast and I noticed a gold tone within the red light. I put my car in drive and moved forward about 20 feet. The object appeared to be watching us! It moved as if following my car, and stopped when i did! I then REVERSED the car about 30 feet, and the object reversed direction, again moving WITH my car! It stopped and hovered when I stopped my car, and continued to follow when i moved my car. After a few minutes a car drove by from the opposite direction.  The object continued to hover, appearing to watch us.  Then another car drove by, and happened to be a relative of mine.  He pulled over to see what I was doing and say hello, and as I was keeping an eye on the object, it faded and vanished completely.  There was no noise of any kind the entire time of this happening, coming from the object. We continued home without any additional events of this type.  I should also mention, it was very hazy and humid but the sky was very clear.;42.5148;-73.0362
My companion and I witnessed a very bright, large, green ball which shot quickly behind the tree line.;2012-09-24 23:25:00;3 seconds;My companion and I witnessed a very bright, large, green ball which shot quickly behind the tree line. I went outside at around 23:00 to have a cigarette with a friend whom is visiting from another state.  I live in a very rural area, very wooded and with no close neighbors.  The night was clear and many stars were visible as usual. We sat outside for twenty minutes or so to watch the skies.  I should note that in the past few weeks, I have witnessed some odd objects in the sky above my house, and thus we were looking for such.  The lights we have seen lately are usually red in color, round or triangle shaped, and move too quickly to be stars.  My companion and I noticed a couple of these, but as they have become so common, we were not particularly entranced.  However, as we gazed to the East, we both saw a very large, VERY bright, green ball of light, which quickly shot above the tree line, in an Easterly direction.  Once behind the tree line, the forest seemed to light up with a greenish glow for a couple seconds, then become dark again. The object appeared to be close, though I cannot say for sure, as I was not sure the size or speed.  Shortly after, we both heard the whir of what sounded like helicopters, though we did not see any.  My cell phone battery also drained shortly after. Prior to this event, a few weeks ago, I tried to film one of the red lights in the sky with my cell phone camera.  The quality is very bad, and all I seemed to film was a glowing rectangle that looked nothing like the red light.  I should have filed two report I suppose, but the moving red lights were witnessed by at least three other people.;42.5148;-73.0362
