I was in the park one night. I go here every night with my friends. It was just like every other night but most people went in early, w;2002-05-11 10:00:00;15 - 30 mins;I was in the park one night. I go here every night with my friends. It was just like every other night but most people went in early, which was strange. There was only me and 2 other friends left. We talked for a while. After 15 minutes had passed I noticed something up in the sky, as we were looking at the stars. At first we thought it was an airplane or some kind of air transport, so we took a closer look. The craft moved silently down from the sky. It was very high up and moved far too quickly to be a plane. It stopped, and then moved around a bit more. We could now see that it was an oval shape and had blue and red lights round it. Out of nowhere another craft appeared, the same as the other one. They way it moved explained that it couldn't be any kind of our air transport. The two crafts stopped and hovered. They started flashing to each other it looked like a kind of Morse code. Suddenly a beam of light shot between them both. It only lasted a fraction of a second. A third craft appeared. It also moved about a bit then sped of at a high speed until it got so fast we could not see it. The second craft did the same. We watched the first craft carefully as it zigged-zagged across the sky. It moved in a triangle shaped then moved quickly across the sky, accelerating as it went, then disappeared. We didn't know what to say to each other. We all decided to go home our separate ways. When I reached home, 10 mins later, my brother was in. He thought something was wrong, as I was as pale as a ghost. I explained and he believed me because I wrote down what happened and drew a picture of where the crafts were, my friends also did this and the stories matched. I didn't think much off it until a week later. My dad was sat in the car listening to the radio. When I got into the car he said there had just been a special on UFO's as people had been phoning in all week with sightings all over the area. I phone up and explained what I saw. The next day there was a report in the newspaper. I thought, great, It wasn! 't just me that had seen them. A few days later there was another article in the newspaper saying that the things that everyone saw were meteorites! Bullshit! I thought. Since when did meteors have blue and red lights and can control which direction they go in, and hover and move around in circles. I don't care what anyone else says. I know what I saw. I will tell anyone who wants to know about it. As they say. Seeing is believing ((NUFORC Note:  We will attempt to obtain the newspaper article the witness alludes to.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  This is one of a flurry of reports we received from Ventura County, CA, following three telephone calls we received on May 18, 2002, from a raucous student party.  The reports seemed to us to be not convincing at the time of the call, a fact which we shared with the callers.  Shortly afterwards, approximately a dozen reports were submitted from that area.  We have no way of confirming any of these reports.  PD));34.2093746799432;-119.178581507823
