4 triangular objects hovering in clear sky, almost invisible to the eye.;1998-08-20 15:00:00;10 mins;4 triangular objects hovering in clear sky, almost invisible to the eye. 4 Triangular shaped objects almost completely invisible in broad daylight. I was laying back with sunglasses on at the pool with my husband when he said Do you see that? Just a few moments before I had noticed something and was trying to figure out what it was just as he said that, so I knew exactly what he was referring to. I said Are you seeing what I am seeing? He said Yes. We were laying on our backs looking up into a perfectly blue California sky, the sun to our west we were able to look straight up through our sunglasses and see what appeared to be 3 totally still triangular shaped objects that were just barely visible. The looked as if they were attempting to be invisible. The shape was easy to make out the edges seemed to shimmer from the sunlight but the color was almost mirroring the sky. They stood there very still just above us thousands of feet, I am not sure how far but far enough so that they seemed small to us, but not so high that they were hard to see. We both laid back discussing what we were seeing, they were not a kite, or any such thing, they were too perfectly still. At first we only saw 3 of them, but then another one seemed to just appear. They were all together like in a formation, two side by side, one in front, one behind. After about 5 minutes one of them went off slowly to the left then stopped, not moving at all, just as still as could be, and then went back again into same spot in formation. Then one of the other ones completely just dissappeared. We never even saw it move. Then just soon after that it seemed as if they all just dissolved very slowly, as if all they had to do was tilt so that we couldn't see them anymore, as if the material they were made of could be so mirror like to just absorb the colors of the sky and blend in. Just when we thought they were gone we saw two of them come into view again and at this point a very faint teal color seperated it from the blue of the sky and when this happened one of the craft moved quickly out of view to the left and the other just dissappeared again. We laid there at the pool staring up for another 20 minutes or so talking excitedly. There was no one else out at the pool with us so we had no one else to share this with. The thing that amazed us most is how almost invisible they were, and how still. We were not scared in the least they were too far up to scare us, and we just didn't think these objects were aware that we could see them. I have always been optimistic about ufo's being real, but I have never known anyone who has seen them, and I have never really investigated them. I was sitting here tonight ( I am in Washington State now ) watching a channel on UFO's and it donned on me that I never told anyone about that day, except for a few neighbors, but never officially reported it. My (now) ex-husband who is living in Utah now can totally back up this story, and tell you it is true. Notes: We saw no lights on these objects, but then it was in broad daylight. I do believe these objects could have been there for a long time before we even noticed them as they were very difficult to see without starting straight at them, had I looked away and tried to find them again, it would have been pretty difficult. We heard no sounds coming from these objects. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.2093746799432;-119.178581507823
UFO with red, white and green lights in a triangle form hovering over the ocean.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible twinkling star.  PD));2011-07-24 01:00:00;1 hour;UFO with red, white and green lights in a triangle form hovering over the ocean. I saw lights high in the sky out in the ocean.  It was nighttime so I could not make out an object but there were three distinct lights.  One orange/whiteish light, a red light and a green light that kept flashing.  It was just hovering in the same place for at least an hour and that's when I left my friends house and didn't pay attention anymore.  We saw airplanes flying and due to that we know it wasn't an airplane.  We we're on a outside patio on the 2nd floor of an apartment complex, completely surrounded by walls but we were facing the ocean.  There were two crafts, both with the same lights but they were very far apart.  They were on complete opposite sides of the ocean.  But they just stayed in place and didn't go anywhere.  At one point it looked like one of the crafts released something.  It looked like a small version of the craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Possible twinkling star.  PD));34.2093746799432;-119.178581507823
