Oxnard, CA, Bright white lighted craft flies in from Pacific ocean and flies back out to ocean 3 seperate times changing colors;2016-09-30 19:30:00;30 minutes;Oxnard CA, Bright white lighted craft flies in from Pacific ocean and flies back out to ocean 3 seperate times changing colors This happened in the area of Oxnard-Port Hueneme, CA.  This was the evening of September 30, 2016, approximately 7:30 pm in the backyard of a co-workers home there were about 15-20 persons in attendance, when someone asked what is that?  I looked up to see what was a red light illuminating to a bright white light growing in intensity and size to 1/4 of the moon, but not directed at the ground just in a straight forward direction.  There was no visible shape or size of the object, again it was dark outside.  It was moving from a northerly direction, to the south towards us at a fairly rapid rate coming from the Pacific ocean inland.  It seemed to be approximately 1200 to 1500 feet in altitude.  The object all of a sudden the object stopped on a dime in mid-flight and became static (hovering).  There were no navigation lights (the usual red or white flashing lights).  The craft never turned or rotated to where the bright light could be seen turning direction.  After staying static for approximately 5-8 minutes, it then began to go in reverse at the same speed and identical flight path just like it had come into view (back over the Pacific ocean).  After about a minute and a half the bright white light turned off and changed to dim red color and slowly faded as it moved further away over the ocean. This flight exhibition was performed 3 separate times at about 10 minute intervals in between appearances that evening and witnessed by all in attendance in that backyard that evening.  Same flight path, same white lighted pattern-faded to red over the ocean return flight, same no sound performance. Waiting to hear either blade or propeller wash sound or jet engine sounds, this craft made not one sound, ABSOLUTELY nothing.  Either during approach-return flight pattern or while it was static.  I've been around alot of aircraft in my lifetime, my grandfather being a pilot since the 1930's and working on alot of military air bases, I have never experience anything flying that does not make any sound at that close of  elevation to the ground. We happen to be close to a couple of municipal airports and Point Mugu, a naval station which is 3-4 miles away.  We are accustomed to seeing military, small personal aircraft and helicopters quit often.  This was in no way a military, civilian or helicopter aircraft. I can truly say I feel I have seen my first UFO sighting.  I wanted to see if anyone else had experience the same occurrence that evening.  I also have a small cell phone video clip which I took and will be submitting with this report.;34.2093746799432;-119.178581507823
