Light hovering over beach, went dim, moved and became bright again due to my approach.;1990-02-01 21:00:00;10 min;Light hovering over beach, went dim, moved and became bright again due to my approach. It's been awhile since the encounter but here goes… it was sometime in February I believe in 1990 when I lived in Brigantine NJ.  Brigantine is an island and at that time the north end of the island was a wildlife refuge so there is/was no homes or roads or any man made structures on the north end.   This refuge extends maybe a mile or two, it’s a very beautiful place just the dunes, beach, sky and ocean.   I was jogging around 9:00 pm when I saw a round bright light in the distance.  It was hovering over the beach right where the waves were hitting the beach.  It was about 30 to 40 feet off the ground and was maybe 30 feet in diameter. I did not see any structure, just a bright white light.   I kept jogging toward it until I was right under it at which time it went dim, that is, the intensity of the light reduced and it glided about 100 yards away in a straight line, still in line with the waves hitting the beach, stopped and became bright again.   I again jogged until I was just under it.  I thought I hear a very very faint whooshing sound but I’m not sure.  There was no real noticeable sound.   For the second time the light went dim and glided away from me still in line with the beach.  It could have went out to sea but it didn’t.  It stayed right over the hard packed sand where the sea hits the beach acting as if it was trying to avoid me.   My curiosity got the better of me and I jogged up under the light for the 3rd time but this time it did not go dim.  At that time I decided to not push my luck and I turned around and started to jog away from the light.  I keep looking back and I believe I saw a second light coming around the bend where the marshes are and the two of them vanished.   I don’t recall any missing time and don’t believe I was abducted although I did have a weird experience about a year after this sighting while I was sleeping in bed but it’s probably not related. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));39.4093;-74.3704
Enlarging the digital images showed what appeared to be in shape of a saucer like object.;2002-09-14 07:15:00;1 minute;Enlarging the digital images showed what appeared to be in shape of a saucer like object. I took a high resolution digital photo of an metallic object that did'nt seem to move. I was using a 400mm lens and a 6.3 meg camera. The sun wasn't up yet. It appeared during the pre- dawn sky. I was on the beach in Brigantine NJ.When I used photoshop to enlarge the image I could see a raised center portion and a black what seemed like Windows or a Winshield . After I got around 4 pictures the predawn sky was changing and it disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.4093;-74.3704
Orange light craft not defined moved slowly almost hovering at time then disappeared quickly.;2013-10-15 19:35:00;90 seconds;Orange light craft not defined moved slowly almost hovering at time then disappeared quickly While walking dog noticed orange light almost color of fire in sky moving very slowly from north to south.  Object not seen no shape not defined appeared nose was orange.  Seemed to slow down almost hover. I had a powerful light in hand and it also had strobe light. I shined it at object then hit strobe to see if it would react.  After viewing approximately minute to minute and half, object continued southern direction at high rate of speed.  The sky was almost clear with only a few clouds.  I have never been a believer in aliens, but do believe in UFO's.  This craft made no noise.  The night was extremely quiet.  I could not distinguish a shape as it did not appear to have one.;39.4093;-74.3704
I was taking pictures of my kids playing on the beach with thunderstorms in the background. Object showed up in pictures was not visibl;2019-08-06 15:00:00;?;I was taking pictures of my kids playing on the beach with thunderstorms in the background.  Object showed up in pictures was not visible at the time they were taken.  Top left corner in photos.  Other photos taken at same time did not have these objects so I know it was Nova smudge.;39.4093;-74.3704
