ET Sighting in Colts Neck NJ 1986, shooting objects across  the sky.;1986-09-18 20:30:00;30 minutes;ET Sighting in Colts Neck NJ 1986, shooting objects across  the sky. I was taking a walk with a friend in my neighborhood.  I lived in an area where all the houses where on 1 1/2+ acres of mature grounds, i.e. many large tree and bushes.  It was a very clear night and the stars were out in an abundance.  After walking for about 15 minutes we began to focus on the night sky.  When looking up at the sky both myself and my friend saw what we thought was a shooting star.  We both became excited because we both saw it.  Made the wish (don't remember what it was now).  Continuing to look at the sky we both saw another shooting star.  Now we were amazed at our luck.  Then we saw another.  We both looked at each other.  Wow, this was a crazy good night!  Then another shooting star appeared very soon after. I began to realize that each time I saw the shooting star I felt like a tingling sensation throughout my upper body, head, arms and chest.  It gave me the goosebumps.  I asked my friend if she felt anything.  She described the same thing.  We started to get a little freaked out.  We looked up at the sky again and another shooting star appeared, as well as the tingling feeling.  We began to theorize that maybe they weren't shooting stars, but a meteor shower, or what if it was extraterrestrials??  Our minds pondered over this possibility for about 15-20 minutes.  Innocently thinking what an interesting discussion to have on such a beautiful night with shooting stars or just witnessing a meteor shower.  Later we began to focus on another topic other than UFO based.  Normal teenage talk (I was 17 at the time).  All of a sudden a middle-aged man appeared right in front of us.  He was not more than 2 feet away and to this day I can remember exactly how he looked.  He had a receding hairline, wearing a red flannel shirt, jeans, kind of unkempt, and he was walking a short scruffy light-haired dog on a leash.  His hand was fully extended, straight out (no bend in the elbow) and the leash was perfectly straight (no slack) down to the dog.  Because my friend and I did not see the man with dog right in front of us until he was right upon us, we both screamed, jumped, and grabbed each other in sheer fright.  We did not see him until he was right upon us and it scared us to death.  After we calmed down which took us a few seconds, we realized how we looked like total fools by jumping, screaming and grabbing each other right in front of someone.  So we turned around to apologize for being so scared and girlish.  The man and the dog were NOWHERE to be found.  They had vanished.  They weren't in front of us, behind us, to either side of us.  We continued to look for him for a couple of minutes.  He was nowhere.  Then we thought it was very strange that a man who was 2 feet away from us, who must of obviously known he scared the sXXt out of us, didn't ask us if we were okay, or that he was sorry for accidentally scaring us.  In fact, we realized after the fact that he did not make one sound nor do we recall any movement of the man or the dog.  When we thought back about the incident we both remembered that the man was not walking towards us he was STANDING with his dog right in front of us.  Totally still!  My friend and I both swore we would never minimize what happened to us that night.  We knew there may come a day where we would blame it on our imagination, or that there must have been some other explanation other than extraterrestrial related (I  apologize  if I spelled that wrong.).  I am no longer in touch with that friend, but 20 years later I still believe that what happened that night was an encounter with an extraterrestrial being.  I have NO doubt at all.  I just finished watching- Dan Aykroyd:  UFO Unplugged.   He had a similar experience about a vanishing as well.  I got the same chills/tingling when I heard his story.  It just reconfirmed my conviction about what I (and my friend) experienced.  PS- There was no reporting of a meteor shower the next day.  I inquired, watched tv, listened for it on the radio (no computer then so didn't do the internet search), no mention of one.  Also in spring/summer of 1999 I saw a metallic looking balloon hovering near my house very high in the sky.  It hovered for several minutes.  At this time I lived about 20 minutes west of Newark Airport in NJ.  I pointed it out to my husband.  He said it was probably a weather balloon.  He is a non-believer.  Again, watching the Dan Aykroyd movie about UFOs I saw the exact metallic shaped balloon in his footage as well.  After a while it slowly crossed across the sky and disappeared.  I solemnly swear that the above did occur and it is not a hoax or a false report.  The Dan Aykroyd video encouraged me to document my two past UFO/ET experiences.  Hope it helps.  I always wanted to go on record with my experiences/encounter. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.3029;-74.1828
Strange fireball formation in the sky.;2013-09-28 22:20:00;10 minutes;Strange fireball formation in the sky. I was out in the yard letting my dogs out.  In the sky, I noticed these bright orange lights floating in a strange oval-like formation.  At first I thought they were remnants of a firework.. But they were in the sky for much longer.. They were just floating there..  And slowly moving around one another.   At one point, some of the lights parted off from the main group of lights, and started spinning rapidly in a circle. I then called out my grandmother as a second eye witness.  We both were watching this strange phenomenon and were puzzled as to what it was.  Then, the lights began to disappear out of the blue, slowly fading away one by one.  As they were fading, they disbanded the oval shape they were previously in, and formed an arrow-like shape.  Eventually they all just disappeared.  I have seen helicopters and strange military craft in the sky before, but what I saw tonight, was nothing like what I have previously seen.;40.3029;-74.1828
