I was hanging out in front of my home walking the dog. First I saw a shooting star quizzing at speed of light of north to south. Approx;2013-08-19 21:59:00;2 minutes;I was hanging out in front of my home walking the dog. First I saw a shooting star quizzing at speed of light of north to south.  Approx. 5 min later from south to north a bight light resembling the brightest star in sky was traveling what appeared to be 2-3x faster than any plan in the sky and what seem double the distance vertical than any plan in flight. No flashing lights ...no trail......no noise..just bright light jetting across the sky, then after what seemed like a minuet the light started to climb on a incline super fast than did a complete 90 upwards and climbed super fast until it was gone. Tonight was amazing first a shooting start and minutes later….a “UFO”…unbelievable!;40.3029;-74.1828
White (blinking red and green) star like object over Colts Neck, NJ.  ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a sighting of Sirius.  PD));2015-11-26 22:45:00;1 hour;White (blinking red and green) star like object over colts neck nj The object I am currently looking at at first glance looks like a star or a plane.  However, it is blinking red, green, and white.  It continues to move right to left and vice versa.  It moved up as well.  If you look closely, it appears that it sometimes moves in a small circular motion while basically staying in the same spot.  Only one was observed.  Looking at it now, after the past 30 minutes, it has moved significantly to the right since the first time I saw it.   I am a soon to be 19 year old visiting home from college for thanksgiving and me and my dad were in the living room when I pointed it out.  He thought it was a plane but when I told him to just watch it, he clearly saw that it really wasn't getting any further or closer.   A few years ago there were reports from our neighbors that in the skies behind our house there were 3 floating orbs that were green, so I don't know if this would have any connection with what my neighbors saw years ago.   Within the last 5 minutes I have seen this spec shaped light/object gradually move upwards and it seems like it has come closer to my house (not so in the distance).   I tried to take a video but for some reason, it's not showing up well on my phone. ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a sighting of Sirius.  PD));40.3029;-74.1828
Low and Close fast moving whitish blue light that went up and down before moving North East.;2019-10-08 20:08:00;5 seconds;Low and Close fast moving whitish blue light that went up and down before moving North East. There was one glowing object moving in the sky, maybe 200 yards away approximately 20 stories in the air.  It was very low and close. It was dark outside and the light was a whitish blue and it moved up, then down and then up again before moving very quickly North East.  The whole thing lasted maybe 5 seconds.  There were hardly any street lamps around the area, and the 3 that are give off the old orangish light, not like the moving one I saw in the sky.  This happened over Naval Weapons Station Earle Naval Base.;40.3029;-74.1828
