Why come in such large numbers for any other reason than attack?;2011-01-02 05:30:00;2 days;Why come in such large numbers for any other reason than attack? I live about 2 miles west of florida and i had just got back from chicago where im from,i was outside smoking when i started noticing one of the brighter stars i was looking at moving, i new my eyes werent playing tricks niether because you could tell from the change in allignment with the trees, i wasnt all there that night i was tired from the trip and stuff so i took a pic and went inside kinda excited and freaked. then yesterday i seen massive amounts some moving more obviously than others, some in like formations others not, i called a friend and had him come to see because i knew this was hard to believe I live in an unpopulated area, and there are lots of woods in back yard, they just keep going for very long time possibly hundred miles or more of woods and some would land way back there slowly, and and seldomly one would random fly up very bright and fast out of forest. and today i am seeing the same things, only different is one did this weird flash! thing in the same spot and actually felt like it was doing something to me, def didnt feel right idk then it disapeared and every now and then it would flash in another spot.  I have never been so scared in my life. also seen an orb type light moving around the tree line which i only seen once.and it scared me half to death, i yelled to see possibly someone hunting in our woods, no answer but it did move way left and would slighty change to a redish color. i went inside i was so freaked. it diddnt make sense neither, if i would even slightly move to the side i couldnt see it, like it was way back in and i just seen a light through the trees or something, but when it moved it didnt change at all< didnt flash between trees like it wouldve if it were actually in the forest, it was like it was just out side of treeline, but even then while mving and staying totally constant i would move my head to the side or somethin and it would dissapear and then id go back to the exact spot! and id see it again it dont make any sense to me how thats possible. so. freaking. weird. and nobody lives in that direction for a very long distance no houses no nothing, theres a river way back there that would be hard to cross too. ive never seen a person out there niether. i keep taking pictures, but its on a blackberry from like 09 or somethin and camera sucks, all that shows is blackness. but they look like stars, move in rapid ways randomly that dosnt make sense to me why, and sometimes just remain constant. if you would like more info or if these pics would come in handy to you my email is anthonykeagle@yahoo.com lots of the latest youtube vids from all over the world are pretty similiar, but i have yet to see one with this amounts of them. the characteristics of them would vary slightly, some brighter some were dim, some appear to be spinning, and some flash. I will do my best to get ahold of a better camera and email pic;30.5027;-87.4626
