oval-like craft with one blinking red light and a white the left and right side- turned clockwise until vertical & top white separated;2009-09-09 21:15:00;2 min;oval-like craft with one blinking red light and a white the left and right side- turned clockwise until vertical & top white separated I was standing on my back porch smoking a cigarette when I noticed what I thought was a plane (since I am in a fly-zone). It was a red blinking light with one white light at 9'clock and another white light at 3'clock. I started to realize it was strange when the white lights were not blinking (which would have been the wings of a plane). I called to my husband to come out and look at it. The lights around the object were actually illuminating the craft. 'If it were a plane that low, why aren't we hearing any sound?' is what was going through my mind. As it was moving towards the east, towards the hill in front of our house, the white lights moved clock-wise so the object was now vertical. We both are saying out loud what the heck is that!!. At this time the white light that was now at 12'clock separated moving up- further away from the other lights. It continued to follow the lights (i say 'lights' now that the craft is not visible by illumination). We bot! h ran through the house to the front to watch it more. As it reached towards the horizon of the hill the white light that was at 12'clock was gone and a quick flash of white light (as if the flash of a camera) was seen in the north. After this flash the lights were now beyond the hill's horizon and out of our sight. About 4-5min after this we returned to the back porch. My husband soon noticed a bright whitish light coming from the west (near where the border patrol is located in VT) towards the east moving slower than a 'shooting star' but too fast to be a plane. I only noticed this light at about the half-way point of where my husband first noticed it. Just after that left our sight there was a plane moving towards the same direction. About 3m after this there was another plane heading in the same direction of the craft. There seems to be a lot of flight activity tonight and I'm hoping these pilots noticed what we did.  We're having a hard time naming the shape of the craft. It was almost like a really fat cigar shaped or oval-like. We could only see what was facing us. I'm not sure if there was another side of the craft that was not visible to us or not. It could have been saucer shaped but it's hard to say. I really hope there is someone else around that witnessed the same thing.;44.9082;-71.4808
