It slowly hovered over 4 lanes of traffic about 30 feet from the ground and it didn't seem to care that it was daylight.;2000-11-11 17:30:00;5 min;It slowly hovered over 4 lanes of traffic about 30 feet from the ground and it didn't seem to care that it was daylight. This happened about five years ago and I did report it but I must say that I was astonished that it did not recieve publicity of any sort. At about 4:30 pm my best friend and I were driving south on route 495 after leaving work.  The highway at this point is surrounded by thick woods on both sides. Traffic was pretty heavy.   As we were driving I noticed an object in the distance, at first I didn't think too much of it but at it came closer and closer to the highway it gave detail to what it was (or what it wasn't).  This thing had people pulling over to the side of the road to view it.  It was obvious that it was not trying to hide because it seemed to just be observing the traffic.   Now for the detail...  This thing was so close I could have hit it with a rock.  It was the dim's of a saucer but with 4 large bubble shaped lights cross dividing it into somewhat of a pie shape, 2 of the the lights were turning blue while the other 2 lights were turning red.  The underside was bronze in color with very intricate detail.   It was very obvious that it was definetly a maufactured vehicle but it was no way manufactured on this planet, the detail was uncanny.  I grabbed my friends shoulder and said what the heck is that?  He said I have no idea.   I thought to myself it couldn't be some type of top secret government project because why would it just come out into the open in front of so many people. There's much more to this story which I will gladly share.  I want answers too, it was very strange but very real. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.3839;-71.6376
I can prove beyond a reasonable doubt that what I saw was not manufactured by a human being.;2001-01-10 15:00:00;20 min;Hi, my name is ((name deleted)) , Im 28 yrs old  and I have to share what I saw in January of 2001.  Briefly I can tell you this was in broad day light, I was comming back from Lowell MA with my friend and co-worker heading down 495 south. Traffic was pretty heavy so I was driving slow.  We were about in Berlin MA when my eyes started to drift and then became fixed on an object that was off in the distance, I stayed with the confersation that my friend and I were having when I knoticed that the object was comming closer to the high- way at a very strange angle and speed.  It was going very slow and very low.  It got so close that I finally became unable to talk, my friend noticed what I was looking at and both of us were in complete awe.  I remember realizing that about 100 people in traffic must be looking at this same object. By this moment is so close I can actually see the strange details on it's underside.  Im serious when I say it huvered from quite some distance away and ended up comming so close that even my friend who is an athiest admitted that it was nothing that he had ever seen.  There's alot more too this , Im an architectural AutoCAD drafter by trade and as soon I was in front if my computer I drafted what I and others saw .  Please get back with me so I can elaborate more , because I think I can prove beyond a reasonable doubt that what I saw was not manufactured by a human being.  -I have a very descriptive Draft of what this object looked like, because I was able to use AutoCAD (Computer Aided Drafting)to draw this, it is a very good representation of what I saw. Everything is cemetrical as I saw this. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));42.3839;-71.6376
