My first impression was this craft was from the design board of Star Trek's Walt Jeffries.;2015-08-12 22:15:00;~5 minutes;My first impression was this craft(s) was from the design board of Star Trek's Walt Jeffries. UFO sighting 12 AG, 2015.  Shortly after 10:00 PM, CDT, I went outside on the south end of my house to watch the Perseid shower.  My chair was facing east and I was rocked back and looking mostly overhead.   Within a few minutes I noticed a northbound object.  I knew this was not any kind of normal craft. Probably within five seconds the white craft blanked out, reappeared and then browned out completely.  OK, that was really an eye catcher.  The object, actually in four parts, had passed west of Deneb in Cygnus and toward the small constellation Lacerta.  The object truly hit me a little humorously, as a design that might have been from Star Trek's Walt Jeffries. Pondering for a couple of minutes, I noticed a jet coming out of the north northwest.  Within seconds it was overhead and I noticed a white rectangular light in about the same area where the jet came from.  At first I thought maybe the International Space Station.  A second look seemed to show my original sighting object in a right hand profile below but with no distinct separation of the light.  Describing a subtle rising arc, it was south of Polaris and heading east toward Epsilon Cassiopeiae.   Enough!  I took the few steps into the house to grab my 20 X 80 binocs.  And true to form, it had disappeared. Time was ~10:15 CDT for the first sighting, and at the very most, five minutes total for the entire event. There were no lights of any kind on the objects. No beams or rays. Overall, a not so intense white. No noise whatsoever. Relative size for both, a nail of the small finger held at arm's length. The second sighting seemed to show a very slight haze around its entirety. Were not birds or as one suggested, a drone!  Accompanying Illustrations:  Two old, but trusty, Edmund Scientific circumpolar star maps showing the trajectories of both objects. Three quick gouache sketches of the objects. The first two describe the northbound object at full light and the second starting the brownout. The third attempts to show the hazy and apparent right side of the craft and just below centerline.;39.355;-99.843
