Two oval crafts with amber colored lights seen in1977.;1977-05-01 17:00:00;1hour?;Two oval crafts with amber colored lights seen in1977. My firend and I were told by another friend that he had just been stopped by a highway patrolman, not for speeding but to witness a UFO. He was excited and we were bored so we went looking.We went to the location and found nothing and left. Later we went to a lake to go parking. This is what hapened.We were parked in by an unlit country lake.There was a glowing, but very illuminating light in the truck. I loked out the back window and saw two crafts hovering( NOT MOVING) over the trees by the lake. They were about 20 feet from us. Once we looked, they slowly went right over the truck. We looked up and saw the underside. I did not hear a thing. I saw two oval objects surrounded with amber lights. The lights were amazing. The lights were a soft light but completely lite up us and the surrounding area. I could look straight into them without any discomfort. Anyway after they went over the truck they seperated. One appeared to land in a cotton field about 100 yards away and the other speed up so fast it just sort of blinked out. We tried to shine our lights out in the field, but did not see anything. We left. That is the story. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  Date is approximate.  PD));32.8619;-90.4015
Peaceful amber lights surround the small craft with high illumination;1977-06-01 23:00:00;20 minutes;Peaceful amber lights surround the small craft with high illumination I was at a convience store and a friend speed in and stated he had been pulled over by a highway patrolman. He said the patrolman wanted him to witness with him a UFO.  He said they both had seen it.  My boyfriend and I decided we wanted to go see if we could see it also, so we went to the site.  It was not there.  We then went to a lake to go parking.  While we were parked, in complete darkness, I noticed that it was light in the truck.  We looked out the back window and saw two small craft, I would say the size of 3 cadillacs.  They were oval and dark except for amber lights around the base.  The lights were very soft but iluminated the area well.  They were about 30 feet in the air hoovering.  This went on for about 10 minutes. Then both of them slowly went over the truck to the road.  At that time one appeared to land in a field and the other went down the road and it just speed up and disappeared.  Although speed up is not a correct description.  It zipped, zoomed or what ever out of sightand left a trail of light.  It was there one moment and we were watching it, then in a second it was gone.  We went back to the field where the other landed and shined our lights in the direction where it should have been.  It was not there.  The other strange thing about this was that my boyfriend and I never ever talked about it until I contacted him 20 years later.  We never said another word to each other about it after that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));32.8619;-90.4015
