Loud pulsing sound and 5 strobe lights seen over Flower Mound, Texas.;2014-05-01 23:10:00;6 minutes;Loud pulsing sound and 5 strobe lights seen over Flower Mound, Texas UFO sighting – Flower Mound Texas – May 1, 2014, 11:10 pm. While in the kitchen tidying up, I heard a loud strange aircraft sound.  The sound had a pulsing nature that is different from normal aircraft engine sounds.  The loud sound had a steady rumble sound pulsed with a wooooOOO  wooooOOO wooooOOO sound.  I went out in the backyard but couldn’t see anything due to the trees, so I quickly went to the front yard, and then to the end of the driveway. Looking straight up, I saw 5 white strobe lights almost at zenith.  The lights were in a line formation pointing toward the southwest from directly overhead.  The strobes were synchronized so that they flashed in the direction of travel for the group.  The last strobe in the line would flash, followed by the one in front of it, then the one I front of it, etc.  The light were in almost a straight line. I called to my bride to bring me a cell phone so I could take a video, but when she came out, she had called 911 and was talking to the operator.  So unfortunately, no photo or videos were taken. I am not sure how well the cell phone would work on this type of situation, with small flashes in a dark sky. I watched the group travel to the south west, for about 6 minutes, until we lost sight of them low in the southwest near the horizon.  The pulsing sound continued but faded as the group traveled further away.  The linear formation broke down as the group got near the horizon.  The group traveled at a constant rate of speed.  I estimated they were about 3000 feet off the ground.  The sky had high clouds and was hazy.  There was a sky glow due to the surrounding urban setting, but no moon. Due to the sound, these craft could not be helicopters.  I have heard various helicopters from the large military two rotor machines to the very small traffic helicopters, and they all have the characteristic chopping sound.  The pulsing sound is not characteristic of either prop or jet aircraft.  There was no connecting structure between the lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Because of the several suspect reports that were submitted at about the same time this report was submitted to our Center, we initially labelled it as a possible hoax.  The source has assured us that it is not a hoax, and we re-submit it here.  We apologize to the source for questioning the validity of the report.  PD));33.035193006993;-97.0873447552447
