Driving to movies with my daughter and mother and just before arriving daughter noticed a light in the sky to the west...it wasn't movi;2000-01-01 14:45:00;1 min. 30 sec.;Driving to movies with my daughter and mother and just before arriving daughter noticed a light in the sky to the west...it wasn't moving but was really bright. Heading West and arriving at Gurnee Mills Shopping Center,my daughter pointed out a bright light in the West sky.At first thought it was a reflection but could tell it was in the sky.Parked car and got out and looked up again just to see if it was still there,it was!Almost directly above us but more to the West and it wasn't moving,kinda looked like a sideways diamond or disk but it was bright like the sun!I made my Mom stop and look and she got a good 45 sec. look before the object got brighter and appeared to blink out.The sky was clear with just a few scattered clouds but none as high as the object appeared to be.We all thought it was very strange how it was there one minute and then brightened and dissappeared.There was no aircraft around that we could see or hear.Object was the size of a piece of rice if held at arms length up to the sky.;42.3653;-87.9472
Large Slowly Pulsating Red Light Over Gurnee/Waukegan, IL.;2007-01-20 17:50:00;1/2 HOUR;Large Slowly Pulsating Red Light Over Gurnee/Waukegan, IL. Walked out onto our balcony at 5:50pm 1/20/2007 (facing west) off to the right a little I observed a LARGE slowly pulsating red light, estimated a mile away. It looked like one of those flashing red lights on top of a huge radio tower. I called for my daughter to come out to keep an eye on it while I grabbed the camera. She saw it as it drifted further away and our view became obstructed by trees. I didn't want to lose sight of it so we jumped in our car and headed North down Delany Rd. to Wadsworth Rd. and headed West. It was no where in sight. We continued on to U.S. Rt. 41 where we turned southeast. We spotted it again way down the highway, same thing, huge slowly flashing red light. We tried to follow it and get closer but it kept moving. It was covering a lot of ground in a short time. We last saw it heading towards Great Lakes Naval Base and it looked like it had gained altitude to avoid planes in the area. I'm not sure but it looked like these planes might have been trying to investigate the light to see what it was. That was the last we saw it...heading over Great Lakes Naval Base/Lake Michigan. If we would have just stayed home we would have seen it come back our way heading in the opposite direction we had 1st saw it moving. :(  Slightly overcast, 13 degrees, could see some stars out. Never got a picture.;42.3653;-87.9472
It was a mysterious light that headed our direction and then turned off never making a noise.;2009-03-03 20:45:00;1 minute;It was a mysterious light that headed our direction and then turned off never making a noise. On the night of March 3, 2009 at 8:45pm I witnessed something unexplainable along with a friend.  I first witnessed the light while I was on the way to a friend’s house from the coffee shop that is about 1 mile away.  To get to and from the two location I generally take the back roads cutting through the neighborhoods and this time while I was looking into the northern sky I saw a light that I dismissed to be a planet that must have been visible in the night sky and I had the intention of looking up what planet it could have been.  As I was driving through the neighborhood I was constantly losing and regaining sight of the light and after about 15 seconds it was gone which I thought was weird because it previously appeared to be in a constant position in the sky.  About a half mile down the road I proceeded to turn to the south and the object or at least an identical one appeared in the southwest region of the sky, this time the object was high enough that I didn’t lose sight of it all the way to my friends house another fourth of a mile down the road.  Once I pulled into to the street he lives on I proceeded to get out of the car and look up at the object which now was directly south of me at this point.  I stared at the object for 10 seconds trying to imagine what it could be but I had no idea then another friend pulled up and got out of his car asking me what I was doing just standing out in the cold so I told him to look up at the light.  We both gazed at it for 15 seconds then it started to move towards us at a fairly fast pace and once it was about halfway to us the light turned off and the object whatever it may have been was gone, there was no sound the entire time just the light.  We both stood there completely in awe at what had happened scanning the sky trying to find the object assuming it would reappear and after a minute or so we went inside not knowing what we had just saw. 	On the same night three hours later at 11:45pm there were three of us in the car coming from the Wendy’s which is right next to the coffee shop that we were at before the previous incident and when we first headed there I looked into the sky hoping to see something but of course there wasn’t anything but the stars.  But on the way back all three of us saw the object again in almost the same place as before only a couple miles further south and maybe 1,000ft higher in the sky.  We watched it wondering what it was for about 20 seconds then it proceeded to move to the west for 5 seconds and suddenly changed direction and headed to the south east at an incredible rate of speed.  It was gone from sight in less than a minute and now all three of us were amazing at what we had seen but still no explanation. 	The object was larger and brighter than anything in the sky, the moon wasn’t visible during either sighting.  The object itself was easily 10 to 15 times bigger than planes that fly at that altitude and distance away if not larger.  And it was going 10 times faster than any other planes in the sky.  This was something that I cannot explain and would have never have imagined seeing with my own eyes.;42.3653;-87.9472
