I think I saw and investigated a UFO water-stop.;1973-08-19 19:00:00;3 to 5 min;I think I saw and investigated a UFO water-stop. My mom, dad, niece and I were in our backyard after making ice cream. We noticed, hovering over the tree filled field across Highway 62 what looked like a long flat array of lights.  They were flashing in a sequence: green, red, green, red, blue, green, red, white then they would sequence again.  I couldn't tell if there were any windows or exactly what shape it was, it was high up, maybe 300 yards. Then it started moving slowly toward our house.  It stopped directly overhead and seemed to lower quite a bit, maybe half the distance it had been was instantly..gone.  It was now hovering about 150 yards over our house, and from the bottom we could see that it was round,still flashing the same light sequence and not making a sound.  Then it started moving again, toward the fields behind the backyard.  It continued on, and dropped again over cow pond 1.  It hovered there a moment and continued on.  It went past field 2 and dropped over cow pond 2.   LAYOUT OF THE AREA:  Tree fied-two lane highway-our front yard-house-backyard-dog run-field1-cow pond 1-field 2-cow pond 2-field 3  My parents wouldn't let me or my niece go back there to follow it after dark, but the next morning at 06:30, we fed the dog and took him with us to check it out.  Field 1 was completely normal, as was cow pond 1.  We wore our knee waders because the mud around the ponds was thick and pretty deep if you got within 3 feet of the water.  It was also, as usual, surrounded by frogs.  It took us a while to get the dog out of the water and the mud, but we continued on.  Field 2 had strips of dry, flattened grass in it starting about halfway through it, but none of the strips connected.  At the edge of field 2 for about 5 to 10 feet, the grass was all flat and dry.  The dog wouldn't go anywhere near the flat grass or the pond that abutted it. Pond 2 was WEIRD.  The usual mud around the water still held the impressions of the cows that had last drank from the pond. The deep holes where they had pulled their legs out of the mud were completely dry. The mud had dried and cracked...it crumbled easily in our fingers when we picked it up, but on the ground it was solit and hard....sll the way to the water's edge which was down from about a diameter of about 40 feet to only about 10 feet. We circled the water three or four times, but as far as we could see there were no frogs or even bugs in, on or near cow pond two. We tossed chunks of the dirt into the water to try to stir anything, but nothing was there.  Less than a week before, the pond had been full of frogs and bugs and even crayfish. The only thing we got on our waders was dust. We went into field 3, but once we were past the 5-10 feet of flat, dry grass there were bugs and normal field flora and fauna...no frogs though. We returned home, dragging the german shepherd away from cow pond 1 again.  We told my parents what we had found. I wanted to report it, but my father wouldn't let me...I think partly because we were new in the area and partly for fear of ridicule. Thgank you for letting me tell my story after all these years. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));36.225;-92.7316
I woke at 12 am and saw a bright small white light drifting by the bedroom window about 10 feet above ground.  It was a white light bri;2020-05-23 00:00:00;4 minutes;I woke at 12 am and saw a bright small white light drifting by the bedroom window about 10 feet above ground.  It was a white light brighter than a firefly and we weren't seeing those here yet.   Then I saw more and I  went to windows all around the house looking.  They were ONLY on the  north side of the house.    They seemed to be flowing in a west to east direction and gently rising and going down.   I watched them go all along our woods and then through the trees behind us into a cow pasture out back.    Their white light was about 10 X the light of a firefly.   For some reason they seemed happy and peaceful in the way they moved.   My husband wants me to wake him up if I see them again. I wish I'd done that. ;36.225;-92.7316
