A large bright hexigon shape over Massapequa NY;1991-05-01 20:00:00;thirty seconds;A large bright hexigon shape over Massapequa NY This happened around dusk in the late spring.  I was in second grade and the planets were out my next door neighbor James had his telescope out.  We were trying to focus on the rings of Saturn.  It was a cool night, with a dark blue sky and along the horizon a orange line ran across.  I was at the end of James drive way with him, his sister Kerry was also with us.  The road we were on was North Virgina Ave.  It runs east to west.  We were in the middle of the block near Boundry ave.  So our gaze was to the left.  The 135 Seaford Oyster Bay express way is at the end of the block.  We could see the tree line from the express way.  Just above the tree line suddenly the object came going North to South.  It was moving very slowly, it did not stop and it did not pick up speed. From our view we see the houses on the north side of the ship, as well as the houses on the south side.  Trees as well on both sides.  Coming from out of nowhere out of these trees I am the first to see it.  I scream something a long the lines of Ah! or Oh! Kerry then said, What? She then looking up saw it and screamed very similar to me.  Next James said What? He sounded more annoyed at us both, then he saw it screamed as well.  Next James and Kerry ran into the house to get their mother.  I watched the object and when it finally crossed the street and was behind the trees and homes I ran inside next.  I was scared to move and I couldn't move till I could no longer see it.  I then ran inside and got my own mother, and both me and my mom came out to Kerry and James outside with their mom talking about what we just saw.  I was in second grade, I was seven about to turn eight I believe.  My birthday being in June.  I only remember that I was in second grade.  I do not have the note book I wrote my experience in anymore or the picture I drew.  My mom told me that she had called Grummen and that they said it was a new plane to pick up the people in the Gulf who were at war.  This I found out many years later was false she did not call at all, she told me this so I would sleep at night.  Kerry was a year younger then me, and James was a year older.  I have not seen them since I moved in the fifth grade.  So I am not sure if they still live there.  The Object was just a light, and it was massive.  It wasn't one small light but huge.  It was a few inches in comparison to everything in the back drop.  So it was more then likely a hundred feet in length at the most I'd say.  I am not a good judge of distance.  But if I were to close one eye and use my thumb I would say it would reach my knuckle from the tip.  It was along the tree line of the horizon.  It was hexagon in shape.  With in the hexagon were shapes, triangles and circles.  The triangles were coming from the top part pointing down, while the ones on the bottom pointed up.  They met in the middle and in the middle is where the circles were.  The whole shape was a bright light.  That was the most confusing part of the object noticing the shapes with in the light, each shape seemed to be it's own piece as well as it's own light.  As if each piece was luminescent on its own. Though I am much older now and I've always wanted to report it, this memory is one of my most vivid.  I remember it so well because it is why I am a believer. Why no matter how much the subject scares me I watch programs, look up articles because I wish to know more.  And more then anything I wish to see the shape one day in a picture so I can show everyone I've told that this is what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.6673;-73.4593000000002
