This happened 15 years ago. I had just finished helping my girlfriend move into her new home, and was heading home myself. I was travel;1989-01-29 23:00:00;3-5seconds;This happened 15 years ago. I had just finished helping my girlfriend move into her new home, and was heading home myself. I was traveling west on a clear night, when I noticed an object racing across the sky heading east at an incredible speed unlike anything I've ever seen. Then, without slowing down, it made a hairpin turn and headed back west and then just disappeared. What made this so unusual was that it looked just like a star except for it's movement. It first appeared just over the treeline and was almost overhead when it changed direction in just a matter of seconds. I could not even guesstimate it's altitude, although it seemed to be much higher than any manmade aircraft could travel.;41.7191;-88.3304
a slow moving light too far to be an airplane that faded away;2005-06-06 03:05:00;2 min;a slow moving light too far to be an airplane that faded away I went outside to smoke my last cigarette of the day and i was staring up into the nights sky when i noticed an object that resembled an airplanes flight pattern. It was moving slow and in a straight line. But the first thing i noticed funny about it was that it was soooo far away. Even a plane traveling at its highest distance from the surface of the earth has some distinctive shape to it. and usually has a few lights on it to where you can make out the wings. Well this object I saw looked as if it was a very distant star. It was faint but definately visible with the naked eye. I just followed its flight until it just faded away very slowly. At first i thought mabye it was a very high plane that just went into some cloudy haze and that was the reason for it fading away, but when you look over a little more i could see every other star in the sky with the naked eye. I waited to see if it was going to come out of this unseen cloud but it never resurfaced . It simply went away. Now I'm not saying it was a UFO but for one its distance, its speed, and it just fading away makes it a little suspicious. It could have been an asteroid or some large rock or ice flying through space having the suns light reflected on it. But unless there is documentation of such an event it will still remain a mystery to me.;41.7191;-88.3304
Strange orbital object changes direction multiple times.;2013-10-08 19:45:00;3 minutes;Strange orbital object changes direction multiple times. Not sure what this is, but thought it would be interesting to share.  Last night my family and I were out looking for the Draconid meteor shower.  While we were unsuccessful in seeing meteors, we did spot a few satellites and were, therefore, tuned to objects orbiting the Earth.  I noticed what appeared to be a satellite traveling south to north.  There were no visible flashing lights on the object and it was slightly reddish-orange in color which may have been a reflection of the sun because the other satellites showed a similar hue.  I pointed it out to my family and then it started to travel in an odd manner.  It first took a turn east-northeast and started moving in a zig-zag pattern in relation to the stars.  It then turned south and traveled for some distance before turning once again toward the west.  It then stopped and turned back toward the east-northeast and kept traveling in that direction until we stopped looking at it.  The entire incident last! ed about three minutes.  The aircraft traffic pattern for O'Hare airport was clearly visible and well below this object.;41.7191;-88.3304
I was standing in front of my yard playing with my kids. In the distance I noticed a red light in the sky. It was still day time the li;2018-07-01 16:00:00;20 seconds;I was standing in front of my yard playing with my kids.  In the distance I noticed a red light in the sky.  It was still day time the light was in the same spot but you could notice it was still but it had a slight movement as it was hovering in the same spot but could not be completely still.  Few more second one red light appears to exit the  main red light thru the button.  It exit then headed west rite after that another red light exit the main red light and headed east and both red lights disappeared.  As I went to pull my phone to record it the main red light just disappeared.  I didn't see it fly away it was gone. It looked like someone hit a switch and it turned off.  When the two lights where flying off they had a streak to it.  Like when people draw comet with the streak of light as it passes by or a shooting star.  It was not a comet or shooting star.  It was day time.;41.7191;-88.3304
