Multiple glowing lights over lake in Ohio.;2016-07-19 22:00:00;10 minutes;Multiple glowing lights over lake in Ohio. After a day of fishing at Alum Creek reservoir in Westerville, Ohio, a friend of mine, myself and my two teenage sons were preparing to leave the lake for the day.  We had just gotten the boat out of the water and were still at the boat ramp when my oldest son noticed a glowing orange ball of light approximately 3 miles to the west.  My youngest son quickly grabbed a pair of high end binoculars from under the seat of my vehicle and we all four watched as the glowing light got closer.  The ball of light was about the size of a beach ball and was coming towards us at about the speed of a low flying commercial aircraft.  Suddenly, we saw the ball of light split into 2 balls of light, now making it 4 balls of light.  Then those balls of light each split into more balls of light and the process continued until there were 11 balls of light coming towards us in a straight line.  They were still all about the same size as a beach ball and still flying at a steady pace.  At one point the 9th ball in line flew off course to the south.  There was a full moon that night and it looked as if the 9th ball of light was directly under the moon.  Due to the fact that it was now illuminated by the glow of the full moon, we could see that it was a saucer shaped object that looked to be gun metal gray in color and thru the binoculars we could see a compartmentalized structure on the bottom of the craft.  It almost seemed as if the object wanted us to see what it was and so it flew out of formation and illuminated itself under the moon to show that it was a spacecraft. Just as quickly as it had flown out of formation, the 9th ball of light regained it's spot in line with the other balls of light and all flew off to the east, following the route of the powerlines.  There was a thick formation of trees just beyond the lake and once they flew that way, we could no longer see them.  We all stood there mesmerized and then we began talking about what we had seen.  We had all seen the same thing and had all taken turns with th! e binocu lars.  There were still a few boaters around the boat ramp and they too were looking up at the lights, but I am not sure what they thought they saw.  We all told our families when we got home and as the days went by many people that we told convinced us that it was something other than what we thought we saw.   After listening to Coast to Coast am the past several years, I am now once again convinced that it was alien spacecrafts that we saw and I wanted to share my experience.;40.1199038732396;-82.9018682218326
