I observed 2 red flying objects moving across the sky, from right to left, then becoming one, for 20+min.;2001-05-11 04:04:00;25 min;I observed 2 red flying objects moving across the sky, from right to left, then becoming one, for 20+min. I was parked near the Conejo Valley Art Center in Newberry park, CA on a deadend road. I sat there to relax & enjoy the peace and serenity. I saw 2 red objects move from right to left. At first I thought they were airplanes, but the one object merged into the other & became one! Also, I felt very anxious & afraid. I don't feel that way when I see planes in the sky late at night. The object stopped in mid-air & hovered! The moon was out & it was very clear so it was easy to see. I didn't hear an engine. The object would change in shape- get smaller, then bigger. It jst hovered. It stayed red, & did not flash on & off.  I watched it for about 20 min! Then I began feeling extremely anxious & afraid. I wanted to stay & watch it, being curious yet, I felt afraid.  I turned up the hill to the right of the object, & the object got closer & closer to me! I left & went up the hill. However, this was the wrong way! I'm not familiar with Newberry Park. I don't live there. So I turned around & went down to where I was before. The object was still there. I wanted to leave, feeling very afraid, so I did. I watched the object in my rearview mirror, until it was out of sight. I have never had a UFO encounter before. I am actually very skeptical. However, after this experience, I am a believer. I have never had such intense feelings of fear before from seeing an object in the sky. I have seen many airplanes in the sky before at this time of night & never felt fear. This was different. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length with this witness and found her to be quite eloquent in her description of the event, and quite credible in her description of the objects she witnessed.  She is highly educated in the medical profession.  She had not witnessed what she thought might be a UFO before this event.  We assume that the time and date are correct.  We do not know what 2604 hrs. indicates on the 24-hr. clock.  We presume the witness means the morning of 11MY01, but we are not sure.   PD));34.176;-118.9316
