It was the largest thins I've ever seen well over a mile in length, and it hovered near the navel base.;1998-02-01 01:00:00;10 min;It was the largest things I've ever seen well over a mile in length, and it hovered near the navel base. Since I just reported a craft I just saw I thought I might as well report the only other one I've seen.  It was appx. 1am and I was returning my girlfriend home after a date.  I had just exited the 101 freeway at Wendy Dr. and noticed a group of cars stopped in the middle of the street, as I too came to a stop I looked up and could not believe what I saw.  To this day it is still the largest non natural thing I have ever seen.  It was sort of a triangular shape ( not with equal sides ) and it had a cigar shapped pod at 2 of the chopped off corners.   It was a greenish blue color with the pods being a darker blue or purple.  And it was huge, there is a mountain raned between this town and the pacific ocean ( only 7 miles as the crow flies ) and this thing dwarfed the mountains.  This group of people watched the craft for about 10 minutes it just hovered there in the sky.  I stepped back to my car to turn it off and when I turned around it was gone.  Everyone just got in there cars and left.  My girlfriend was very shaken.  I droped her off and began to think, not to far from where I was there was a very large open area used for cattel grazing.  Just for the hell of it I drove out there to see if I could see any thing else. I rember arriving at this area, now this couldn't of been later than 1:30 at this point.  The next thing I remember I an turned around driving away from this area and it's after 3:00 am.  I remember thinking that took longer than it should have. I guess I had one of the now popular missing time experances. The next day I checked the local newspapers and there was no mention of what we had seen.  Just as a note all this took place with in 15 to 20 miles of Point Magu.  This is the Pacific Missle test range where they devloped the walleye, sparrow and tomahawk missles along with who knows what else.  The craft was almost over the base. it was litteraly over a mile in size.  This is the really strange part, if you get a copy of Wham-o giant comics from 1967 on the back inside cover are a few stories of ufo encounters, one of them is about the same craft.  Also there is a artists drawing of the craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  One of two seemingly credible reports from the same source.  PD));34.176;-118.9316
A chevron shape that  appeared several miles away and flew over me and away in less than 20 seconds.;2004-11-15 20:15:00;20 seconds;A chevron shape that  appeared several miles away and flew over me and away in less than 20 seconds. Object moved at an incredible speed from the north to the south across the sky coming in fast and low above my house was a huge shape in an upside down v (^) pattern like birds fly that was lit up with the whitest lights and then disappearing straight up in the blink of an eye.  No sound of motor but it was so low that if it was a plane or engine operated I would have heard it.  Incredible!;34.176;-118.9316
