I saw what appeared to be the lights of a plane that seemed to be going to crash nearby which then became a swirling mass of light and;1976-07-20 22:50:00;20 minutes;I saw what appeared to be the lights of a plane that seemed to be going to crash nearby which then became a swirling mass of light and I came home from a family event and then took my dogs (5) across the road to a wooded area adjacent to the  Wendy Road exit on the 110 Freeway which was fenced. I let them off their leashes and let them run.  I stood under a group of eucalyptus trees and looked northeasy admiring the sky.  In the distance there are mountains (not high).  Between the mountains came what looked like the lights of an airplane in the distance.  I was just idly watching waiting for the dogs to be finished so I could go back to the house, as there are normally many planes on this part of the sky.  However, the plane lights seemed to be heading right where I was standing and considerably lower than normal.  I was hypnotized by the brightness and then realized that it might be going to crash.  I called the dogs to me and they came running and I felt I would not be able to escape the crash.  The dogs were frightened.  Suddenly, a large cloud, swirling and brilliant appeared.  The sky had been clear as a bell.  I awaited by seconds the crash and the plane to come through the cloud.  In another second it was again clear as a bell and no plane , no lights nothing.  It was very dark and soundless.  I gathered the very excited, scared dogs and went back to my house and told my husband and l3 year old daughter what had happened.  He just went to bed but my daughter came out and we crossed the road again and looked to see if we could see anything but it was too dark. Next day I again went over there and found nothing different.  I was very amazed and intrigued by this experience once I realized that the plane was not going to crash.  Afterwards both my daughter and I saw many unexplained things in the sky and in the mountains nearby. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));34.176;-118.9316
