In moonless but bright star country sky, Dark Triangular shape follows family  in car.;1990-08-10 21:30:00;approx.,30min.;In moonless but bright star country sky, Dark Triangular shape follows family  in car. The date and time are only approximates, but I know it was around July-September of 1990. But the heretofor incident was very real. On a clear bright star but moonless night, on Horeshoe Road which goes from Horeshoe (a fishing village) to Cross City, Fl. A country road through logging lands, just north of the bottom of the Suwannee River at the Gulf of Mexico. Children in the back seat of my car, noticed a shadow moving paralel to our vehicle on the left and just ahead. I looked out and up from driverside window and saw a triangular shaped (dark) image moving at approximately same speed as our vehicle. It didn't seem to be more that a couple hundred feet high. On this deserted road, I stopped the vehicle and turned off the lights to try to get a better look at what it was. The object stopped, pivoted, and began slowly coming in our direction. There was no sound that could be heard coming from it. The mother in the passenger front seat became very scared and demanded I get in and get us out of here. Somewhat unnerved myself, I complied. I continued to observe this object pace us all the way back to Cross City. The children were slightly scared, and being calmed by their mother. Once in Cross City, I chose not to go directly home not wanting it to see us pull into the driveway. I watched as the object slowly took a southerly route away from our location. All movement was very slow and some of it's turns where at almost a complete stop and in pivotal fashion. In the star lit country sky, we watched this triangular shaped object cover stars and then see the stars reappear behind it as it moved. It had no lights on, and didn't seem to have any paticular direction to go, sort of as though it were just moving about merely to observe....The next day, I reluctanly approached a freind with the expirience because I was concerned with being thought badly about, since at the time I was in law enforcement. As it turned out several other people had seen this UFO as well. I am divorced from the m! other me ntioned above now, the children were hers from a former marriage. At the time of this incident, they were ages 7,9 and 12. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));29.6372;-83.2032
