I saw a red ball in the sky not that high off the ground and it dissapeared;2008-03-16 21:30:00;1-2 minutes;I saw a red ball in the sky not that high off the ground and it dissapeared Hi My name is Codie. I'm from West Virginia. I'm 19 years old and last night I witnessed a ufo at 9:30 pm. Me and my girlfriends dad were on our way to take me home on a country or suburban road we were in his dodge truck talking  and it was blocked from our view till we came up on it and it caught his eye and pointed it out to me and on the way to my house in this open grass field there was a giant red ball it was fire engine red it was not anything I've seen in my life before and I had no clue what it was cause it was low in the air and still and It made the hair on the back of my neck stand up and I wasn't feeling anything I just stared up at it just trying to figure out what it was and now my girlfriends dad is a really smart and it takes alot for him to believe something and when he saw it he slammed on the breaks and stopped in the middle of the road when we were looking at it it was really low solid round fire engine red ball it was very big it was about a football field away from us above this grass field that is huge could possibly have cows in it it had a white glow around it now it was not a plane not any kind of plane at that not the sun or moon it was hovering above the ground about the height of the top of a water tower and it had nothing to do with a water tower cause I just done my research and there is nothing there well when we were observing it a car came so we had to move well we knew it was something out of the ordinary so we went 10 seconds down the road to turn around and came back and it was gone I think other people witnessed it I tried to get pictures or a possible video but my phone died it had battery life too which doesn't explain anything to me I know what I saw and I wish you guys would write me back and let me know you got this and your thoughts about it I have more details and stuff and my girlfiends dad will tell you the story too I think I have something worth your time so please let me know;39.4721473214285;-77.9504437500001
It was the wildest thing I've ever seen and it was for sure a UFO.;2011-10-23 22:50:00;Ten Minutes;It was the wildest thing I've ever seen and it was for sure a UFO. So this evening I was in the woods across the street from my house with my buddy just shining flashlights looking for wildlife.  We were over there for about ten minutes when slowly a very large circular space craft moved from among the tops of the trees on the ridge we were facing.  It came from the northwest and slowly moved along north east.  I watched it for a while trying not to freak out and once it had fully got away from the trees into the plain air a little behind it in the sky little star sized lights flashed in the sky. We watched it for a pretty short time then ran back to my house to try to piece together what we had just seen.  But once we were already back at my house we didn't see anymore space crafts, but we did hear strange sounds in the woods from my front porch, like a dragging crashing of the leaves sound.;39.4721473214285;-77.9504437500001
Blue egg/circular object erratic movement dancing fast object moving about main structure after climbing.;2018-11-29 00:00:00;10-15 minutes;Blue egg/circular object erratic movement dancing fast object moving about main structure after climbing. This incident occurred the morning of November 29, 2018, at approximately 12:10 a.m. and its duration lasted until approximately 12:23 a.m.. I walked to the back door to lock up and noticed an extremely bright object low to the horizon in the Eastern sky.  I could determine this due to my position on my back deck which is 10 feet from the ground facing due East.  I’m 6 feet 3 inches in height so my view was approximately sixteen feet from the ground. I looked around the sky to compare stars and the Moon.  There was a cluster of stars to the upper right of the object but much dimmer and higher in altitude.  I looked to the left and saw another grouping of stars of the same dimness and approximate altitude as the others.  The Moon was to my immediate left.  Larger and brighter than the object I was viewing but it was much closer in appearance and lower to the horizon than the bright object.  To give a perspective as to the bright object I was viewing’s distance from the Moon, I can only estimate as follows:  The Moon (appearing 7 to 10 times larger than the object in question due to it’s perspective from where I was standing) would be (in distance) approximately 10 moons side by side.  The object I was viewing appeared larger than a star, was much sharper in appearance and displayed characteristics unlike a star. I went into the living room and retrieved my cell phone.  I returned to the deck and took several pictures.  I didn’t know whether I was operating the camera correctly and feared I wouldn’t get any images of worth.  Because of this fear I went into the living room to review the pictures to see if any of them came out.  While in the process of doing so my wife walked through the room towards the kitchen.  I said to her that I captured a photo of something odd in the sky and if she’d mind going to the deck to see if it was still there.  She did so, paused and said for me to come outside with her. She pointed out the object I’d seen and said, “Is that what you saw?”  I said yes but the object was now higher and to the upper right in the eastern sky.  She said, “ Do you see that smaller bright light moving around it?”  I looked where she pointed and I did see it.  The original object (in it’s new higher position) had a quick moving smaller light moving erratically to it’s right.  The smaller light wasn’t as bright as the larger object but I could see it moving in various quick directions around the object.  It would rapidly move toward the larger object then away from it.  After approximately 30 seconds or more the smaller light was no longer visible but the larger object was.   Note:  I’d left the phone in the living room where I was reviewing the photos when my wife called me to the door.  I failed  to take the phone with me when she called me outside.  As a result, I was unable to get pictures of what we were now both seeing. Once I zoomed in on the object, I captured in the pictures it no longer appeared to be a very bright light.  In the enlarged photo the object appears egg shaped then circular, slightly larger at the bottom than the top having a dark blue marking near the top and toward the bottom.  It then began moving rapidly in a westerly direction then back to an easterly direction.  The lighter blue body is surrounded in a almost closed circle that’s darker blue and to our eyes had a hue or haze surrounding the outer skin. ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken via telephone with the witness on several occasions, and exchanged several e-mails with him, as well.  Based on that exchange of information, we suspect that the source of the report is a highly skilled, and highly reliable, witness.  PD));39.4721473214285;-77.9504437500001
