Boomerang shaped, hovering lights that veered left, then sped right;2005-12-07 22:00:00;3-5 minutes;Boomerang shaped, hovering lights that veered left, then sped right Boomerang shaped, two lights in front, red light in back (red light seemed suspended from craft), hovered at an estimated 2,000 ft. No towers or buildings nearby, veered left at a slow speed, then right an a mildly accelerated speed. (The directions seemed too different to be an airplane);40.8617000000002;-74.4104000000002
It looked like a large gray wreath with small scattered lights, a few miles southwest of Parsippany, NJ 4/2/11.;2011-04-02 23:00:00;30 seconds;It looked like a large gray wreath with small scattered lights, a few miles southwest of Parsippany, NJ 4/2/11. The unknown object was visible approx 11 pm a few miles west of Parsippany NJ slightly south of Rte 10.  It seemed to be about 2000 feet above ground.  It gave the appearance of a very large christmas wreath with scattered small lights on a grey background. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.8617000000002;-74.4104000000002
A hazy wave-shaped, orange and yellow light with a sharply defined white orb hovering bellow it in the skies of NJ;2011-06-19 23:45:00;3 minutes;A hazy wave-shaped, orange and yellow light with a sharply defined white orb hovering bellow it in the skies of NJ It was around 11:45 when my mother and I stepped out of the Clearview Cinemas in Parsippany, New Jersey.  We had just seen the new Woody Allen movie and were talking about what a fun movie it was, when I saw something strange in the sky at 12 o’clock in front of us which would have been to the east.  It was this strange glowing light in the middle of a noticeably dark night sky.  This bright yellow and orange light had a wave-like shape, curving upward in the center and hazily fading out at its sides. At first, my mind tried to search for possible explanations.  I first looked behind me to see if it could be a reflection of something off the clouds, like the moon perhaps.  But I could not find anything that would make sense to give it that color or shape.  Then I thought it might be a radio tower or street lamp (It seemed, at first, to be close enough to the ground for these options to be feasible), but the light was too bright and big to be either.   So I pointed the object out to my mom to see what she could come up with.  And that’s when the strangest thing happened   Out from the bottom right of the object appeared a small, highly-defined white orb that just seemed to hover beneath the larger, foggy light.  The contrast between the haziness of the yellow and orange light and the sharpness of the defined white orb was incredible, and perplexing.  The orb hovered very slowly, and free-flowingly from the bottom right side of the larger light fixture to the bottom left of it, treaded there a moment, then freely moved to the center, bellow the crest of the wave-like object.  After staying there a bit it, it then moved to the bottom left again and seemed to go behind the larger light- only to reappear a few moments later at the top right of the wave light. At this point, my mother and I had concluded that it could not have been a plane.  The object did not make any noise and the movement was to free and loose- almost as though it were swimming.  And all of a sudden, as if I just knew (and I did, I just felt like I knew), I told my mother, Watch, it’s gonna disappear.  Watch it disappear. Sure enough, a few beats later, the object began to disappear very slowly, from the outside in.  And, poof, gone.  There was nothing more.   My mother and I tried all night to figure out some sort of explanation to stray away of the conclusion of a UFO, but after talking about all sorts of possibilities, we concluded that there was nothing on earth that either of us had seen in our lifetimes that looked or even resembled what we saw that night in the sky that night.  And even the way that orb was moving- there’s nothing in our technology that could allow us to control a craft in that way. I couldn't believe I wasn't the only one to see this.  There were two of us. And after separately (in different rooms) drawing out what we had seen, we confirmed that what we saw that night was exactly the same thing, and it was unlike anything else our eyes had ever witnessed.;40.8617000000002;-74.4104000000002
A boomerang-shaped object with yellow, orange, red lights, the size of a baseball field, hovered in sky with  white orb moving around.;2011-06-19 23:45:00;1 minute;A boomerang-shaped object with yellow, orange, red lights, the size of a baseball field, hovered in sky with  white orb moving around. UFO Sighting Report  	My 18-year-old daughter and I left the movie theatre and walked out into the parking lot on Sunday night, June 19, 2011, in Parsippany, NJ, at 11:45 pm.  The night was exceptionally black, no moon or stars, and there appeared to be high cloud cover but it made the night velvety black outside.  My daughter got excited and told me to look up in the sky. There was in Eastern horizon, a very strange, huge group of orange, yellow and red lights in the sky. Together they formed an enormous boomerang shape with the wing tips facing downwards.  It was not possible to see an exact outline of the body of the craft itself and the lights were hazy due to cloud reflection, but it was possible to see that there was some kind of dark body in a boomerang shape floating in the sky.   It hovered in one place and made no noise.  We watched it for approximately 1 minute (which seemed like an incredibly long time).  The body of this craft was, in my estimation, about the size of a baseball field.  I have never seen such an enormous object in the sky in my life.  It appeared to be hovering between 500-1,000 feet above the ground and was located about ½ mile away.  We had an excellent view because we were in a huge parking lot with no tall buildings or trees around. My daughter and I did not take our eyes off the object for one second.  Suddenly, out of no where, an orb of white light appeared on the right wing tip near the base.  I would estimate the orb had to be at least about 10 feet in diameter.  It did not have the jagged, uneven, reflective quality of an airplane wing light.  At no time did it generate any long beams of light - it remained perfectly round.   The orb was exceptionally well defined in its contoured outline, in stark contrast to the other yellow, orange and red glowing lights around this craft.  The orb light was not like the kind of lights you normally see, like street lights, airplane or helicopter lights, building lights, radio tower lights, or field lights which tend to have an intense pinpoint of light in the center and star-like beams that emanate outwards.  The orb light had a completely even-toned luminosity. All of a sudden, this white orb began traveling along a rather weird pathway.  It moved from the tip of the wing to the center of the body of the craft.  It appeared to do some kind of loopty-loop – some fancy circular motions near the left hand side of the craft.  Then, it disappeared momentarily behind the craft and reappeared at the top mid-section of the craft.  It traveled down the right hand side and stopped again at the location at the tip of the wing where it had originally appeared.   What was odd was that 1) despite its movement it never changed into a beam of light, but remained perfectly round in shape and 2) its movement appeared to be guided intelligently and it was independent of the body of the craft.  In other words, the orb seemed to be a separate entity. Several seconds after the white orb stopped its voyage around the craft, the entire craft began to disappear.  It did not disappear in the sense that you could see it began to travel away in the sky by becoming smaller in size or changing location.  It simply seemed to erase itself!  The lights and dark body of the craft on the wing tips simply disappeared.  Then the wings disappeared.  Then the center of the craft simply blipped out of sight.  In a final blip the entire craft was gone.  Even the dark body of the craft was simply gone.  There was nothing at all left in the sky. Neither of us had ever witnessed anything like this before in our lives. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and we found her to be quite eloquent and seemingly serious-minded.  We suspect that she is a highly capable, and reliable, witness.  PD));40.8617000000002;-74.4104000000002
