lights were flashing and I thought to myself  there are no towers here.;1982-10-15 19:30:00;1 min;Lights were flashing and I thought to myself  there are no towers here. It was a dark and overcast night.  There was no moon or stars visible as it was a very thick cloud covering.  As I was driving north I was approaching a development called Weinkeeg Valley Estate and I saw these lights that were in a single row, stacked vertically, flashing on and off like the ones on a broadcasting tower.  I remember thinking to myself that there was no tower here so what is that?  I started to drive by but for some reason my curiosity got the better of me and I stopped my vehicle and backed up.  There was no other traffic on the road at that time so I got out to have a better look.  As I stared at the lights I became aware of faint round windows arranged in between the lights.  If my memory serves me well I believe there were two lights above and two below with the windows, more like port holes, running horizontally.  To my amazement I noticed that the portholes were indicating a round surface as they went from round to elliptical at the edges.  I still had no clue as to what I was looking at until it very quietly drifted away over the tree tops. This oblect was no more than 75 feet from the ground and directly over a small home.  I seem to recall a soft humming sound and nothing else.  It wasn't a helecopter, no noise, no rotors beating the air, nothing conventional that would explain what I was looking at.  It just floated away in total silence.   I would estimate that the diameter of the craft was about 30-40 feet.  It was so dark in color that despite being less than 200 feet away I could not see its form.  It could have been a sphere for all I know.  I honestly could not see a shape to this thing at all.  All of this happened in the early 80's and I never forgot it.  All my life I wanted to see a UFO and when I got the chance to I had no clue as to what I was looking at until it was gone.   I have never seen anything again up that close but I sure would like to relive that CE one more time and have the chance to really observe a chance of a lifetime. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.8979;-71.5165
