MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  We were in the back yard in IL (USA) and we saw a blue light right at the roofline.;1997-07-04 21:00:00;5 seconds;We were in the back yard in Illinois (USA) and we saw a blue light right at the roofline of our  house. On July 4th, 1997 (at night) ... One year my mom and I were in the back yard in Illinois (USA) and we saw a blue light right at the roofline of our first floor house.  We were facing the back yard, seated in lawn chairs, talking, and all of a sudden the entire back yard (about an acre of ground) lit up in blue light.  We looked over our left shoulders (both of us, there was no sound and yet oddly we both looked over our left shoulders at the same exact time) and there was a bright blue light hovering there.  It was just that... a light and it stayed there pulsating for about 5 seconds I'd say... then it started to move and just disappeared.   My mom and I don't tell anyone about this because we know people will think we are nuts.  This is the first time I've ever put something like this out there.  We have no reason to try to make people believe that we saw what we saw.  I just thought I'd post this so that others out there that also have witnessed something as strange as this don't feel like they are alone.  I'm sure that some day what we all saw will come to light - pardon the pun.  By the way, (in the US) from California to the east coast people saw this blue light at precisely the same exact time of day.  It was noted in the papers and news but was dismissed by scientists as possible meteors... though my mom and I, and everyone else who witnessed it, knows it could not have been - for it never hit the earth and it was hovering.  A meteor would not stop in the air.  I was not scared of this light... though looking back on it I'm surprised that I wasn't ... because it was so incredibly odd (that's the best word I can use right now to describe it)... nothing I'd every seen before and I don't necessarily believe in aliens or things of the like.  I did feel afterward that night that we had been observed.  It's a strange thing to say... and it was a strange thing to feel at the time.  My mom and I joked that it was taking our picture... then over a year later we were talking about it aga! in  and discussed the possibility of it being some government testing type of object... but that too sounds too strange to believe.   Anyway, don't feel like you are alone .. all of you who have seen something like this... but then again don't try to convince anyone who didn't see it for themselves because they will only think you are nuts.  My own dad and sister don't believe my mom and I.... we just don't talk about it to them because we too would likely not believe someone had we not seen it for ourselves. Report received by MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP  - http://ufomig.bravehost.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));38.4453;-90.0825
blue light traveling due west ended in red flash appeared to be close overhead. I think it was space junk or meteor due to similar sigh;1997-07-04 21:35:00;3 seconds;Summary : blue light traveling due west ended in red flash appeared to be close overhead. I think it was space junk or meteor due to similar sightings over a broad area. Due to the fact that the object was on a precise east to west trajectory, in line with the earth's rotation, I would guess that it was probably space junk burning up in the atmosphere.;38.4453;-90.0825
BRIGHT BLUEISH BALL OF LIGHT WITH TAIL, ILLUMINATED A 2000 SQ.FT. AREA FOR ABOUT 5 SECONDS.;1997-07-04 21:45:00;5 seconds;Summary : BRIGHT BLUEISH BALL OF LIGHT WITH TAIL, ILLUMINATED A 2000 SQ.FT. AREA FOR ABOUT 5 SECONDS.;38.4453;-90.0825
((HOAX??)) Bright disappearing lights in the sky.   ((anonymous report));2018-06-02 18:00:00;30 minutes;Bright disappearing lights in the sky. Bright white light suddenly appeared and then slowly disappeared to nothing.  Repeated several times, moving locations every time.  Only happened about 5-6 times.  After that I didn’t see anything else. ((NUFORC Note:  Original date is flawed.  We have assigned an arbitrary date.  We have no means of contacting the source, given that he/she elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides not contact information.  Possible hoax??  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.4453;-90.0825
