	It was an absolute object...traingluar shaped with circular lights in the pockets of the triangle.  I will never forget that night!;2020-11-09 21:00:00;30 seconds;	It was an absolute object...traingluar shaped with circular lights in the pockets of the triangle.  I will never forget that night! On November 9, 2020 (around 21:00) I was outside sitting on my back deck.  I always look up at the stars when I am outside.  There weren´t a lot of stars out on this particular night.  While I was looking in the sky, I saw something that caught my eye.  I saw an odd form that was in the shape of a triangle that had two circular lights in the back and one in the front.  The lights were not bright but dim, and were located in the pockets of the triangle. As I was trying to get a better look at the object, I noticed that it was moving at a smooth, medium pace.  I only saw it for less than 30 seconds before it disappeared behind the roof of my house, heading eastbound.  I sat there and contemplated what I saw...Was it a plane?  Did I just see a UFO?  With my luck, my answer to that was ¨There&#347 no way I just saw a UFO or possibly anything!.¨  I knew it wasn´t a plane because of the shape, the speed it was traveling, and the lights being dim (plus there were no blinking lights like there are on planes).  After a few minutes, I still sat there wondering what I just saw. The night after it happened, I wished that I would have drawn a picture of what I witnessed.  I finally did this evening.  Without explaining the picture I drew, I showed it to my brother.  As soon as he saw it, he said that it looked like a UFO that he saw on a documentary he watched, going into significant details of the UFO that was spotted in IL 20 years ago (actually in the same town I spotted it).  I have another brother who lives in Vegas, and I texted him the picture, JUST the picture.  He responded right away with ¨Yeah.  The UFO over Millstadt.¨  Before this ¨sighting¨ I had never heard of the shape of the object nor seen it.  My brothers knew what it was before I even did, just by my amateur drawing. I watched the video on YouTube, UFO Over Southern Illinois.  The description of the object seen 20 years ago described the one I saw on November 9, 2020, not too far from the first sighting in 2000.;38.4453;-90.0825
