the object was fast quiet and meant business as it chased us, we then knew we were in danger!!;2000-07-01 03:30:00;30 mins?;the object was fast quiet and meant business as it chased us, we then knew we were in danger!! traveling north on hwy 127 outside of baker, I noticed a light in the sky then seem to disappear,then withinfew min. there was lights in the road ahead, cant seem to remember the # of lights but they were kinda dim, when we pulled over on to investigate what was a head, we then turned the car lights off when suddenly there were bright lights there, the lights seem to be comming toward us, we then turned the car around and started back south on the hwy. it followed us approx. a mile or so then disappeared, We just wasnt happy with that so we had to turn around and head north again, we got maybe a mile in when the object appeared over a mountain(sand dune) it was again comming toward us with lights on, we then made a u turn and started south again, then stopped the car so passanger could take over driving, he asked where is it when i looked out his window only to see the object flying next  to us. it chased us about the same distance then disappeared.  Well again we had to turn around and head north again only to our surprise it was waiting, we immed. turned back around south and headed toward baker at the speed of 90 mph+  Brian then asked where it was, when i turned to look it was right on top of us, I could see what appeared to be airline engines in the back window, when i looked out the passanger window i could clearly tell this was no plane for the bottom of this aircraft was directly above us, but there was no noise, I yelled to get us out of here and proceded to raise the car windows, the windowswould not shut for they were bowed in, I noticed how bright it was in the car and at first thought it was the panel lights of the car, i reached down and turn them off and that is when we both noticed the lime green glow in the car, I looked straight ahead and noticed a car comming toward us and yelled for brian to watch out, when suddenly our ears popped and the object was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see second report from second witness in the vehicle that allegedly was chased.   PD));35.3606;-116.0638
it was aclear night in the desert.this craft chased our car three times at speeds of 90mph almost touching car.;2000-07-01 03:30:00;30-40 minutes;it was aclear night in the desert.this craft chased our car three times at speeds of 90mph almost touching car. the craft was approximately two stories high and shaped like a cigar it was silver or aluminum in color.it had tall rectangular lights across what i believe was the front of it.it was bigger than any airplane.the maneurvability was unbelievable.it was totally silent.the craft chased us three times.the last time it chased us nine miles and was approximately one to two feet above our car as it chased us at speeds of up to ninety miles per hour.there was quite a bit of air pressure of some kind exerted on our vehicle.so much that the windows would not close all the way. they were being pushed in. we were in the open desert where visibility was great. there were no clouds.it was a clear night.this craft came down and actually blocked the road.we were forced to stop.then it aproached us closer.we shut our lights off and then it advanced toward us quickly.we then turned around and fled.the first time it chased us it did so for approximately a half mile.probably 100-200 feet behind us. the second time it got even closer. the third time it came after us and actually stayed right above us and part of the craft was actually almost touching our vehicle.when we arrived at our destination we heard that there was a report of a ufo near the town where we observed this ufo. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness who submitted this report, and we found him to be quite sincere in his description of what allegedly occurred just north of Baker, CA.   Please see second report from second witness in the vehicle that allegedly was pursued by the anomalous object.  PD));35.3606;-116.0638
