5 red and white flying objects and green flashes coming from the forest below them in Northern Ontario;2014-08-03 23:30:00;~20 minutes;5 red and white flying objects and green flashes coming from the forest below them in Northern Ontario Hi, I'm a known and acclaimed documentary filmmaker from Montreal Canada.  I was at a bonfire on Sand Lake beach when I among up to 5 or so other people i was with saw, and I even recorded video on my vx2100 video camera, UFO's.  There were 5 in the beginning. Sand Lake is a small lake near kearney in Northern Ontario. I was visiting a family friend and my dad.  It is about a 7 hour drive from Montreal Canada where i live, on the west side of Algonquin park I believe.  And it is some distance north of Huntsville.  The beach i saw it from was just off of the address 3660 Highway 518.  And the UFO's we were looking at were in the slightly North East direction in the air over the woods across the lake, past the east side of the lake.  So sometime between 11pm and 12am, I along with a young couple from a house nearby witnessed 5 UFO's. other witnesses came (another young couple i believe and younger 30 something cousin of my Dad's friend). There were 5 lights that had a redish and some white glow on them.  They disappeared and came back,  only 3-4 came back.   I ran to wake up my Dad and his freind who were sleeping together, they didn't want to come since they were sleeping so i also grabbed my vx2100 sony mini dv video camera which is very good in low light and ran to the beach.  I caught on Camera only 3 that came back i believe, and they were moving in motions that were very shifty and changing directions going higher or lower.  A really strange thing that was also occurring, were green flashes coming from the woods in the areas below and near to them, like lighting flashes but that were coming from the forest as the forest would light up green, and there were no clouds it was a clear night.  I'm happy i managed to capture 2-4 of those green flashes on camera also.  Though most people with me were in shock and amusement, one suggested maybe they could be drones, but he wasn't sure.  But that didn't explain the g! reen flashes below.  They disappeared for the second and perhaps last time, i didn't stick around much longer than another 20 minutes to see if the came back.  I was happy to capture that, perhaps i should send/sell the footage to a documentary on UFO's or Tv station? or as a last resort put it on youtube if that's not possible. An interesting sidenote: a friend of my sister's who i happen to tell this to also saw objects that had a red glow on the same night as me at roughly the same time,  he said he was in Northern Quebec when he saw them perhaps a 5 hour drive from where i was.;45.5517;-79.2181
