((HOAX??))  Truley a UFO.;2007-07-09 02:17:00;5-7 min.;Truley a UFO   I saw a spinning disk with lights spinning on the outer-border as it spun. The object was really close to the trees. I saw rise from above the trees and then hover for a second before it started moving towards my way. After that it moved to my right like it was trying to get a clear view of me. It stayed there for about a minute and a half. I think it saw me with my camera and must of got scared.  Then it just shot straight up faster that a bullet and was gone. When it was was hovering it made a humming noise.  I know it couldn't have been a helicopter or military craft because there was no airport or base within 80 miles.  Also, because I was in a no fly area.  But it was amazing! ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax, we suspect.  E-address suggests to us that the source is a young skateboarder.  PD));34.0336860962566;-84.3638481283426
Object glowing red, white, and blue, hovering above Big Creek Park, Roswell, Georgia, at pedestrian trail.;2015-02-08 18:00:00;2 minutes;Object glowing red, white, and blue, hovering above Big Creek Park, Roswell, Georgia, at pedestrian trail. While taking pictures in middle of a nature trail in Big Creek Park in Roswell, Georgia, I saw a odd, high-altitude craft, probably around 60,000 ft.  The craft looks quite amusing, shaped like bunch of balloons, colored blue and white with and red glows.  It stood still at first, then slowly moved, slowly enough that I could take a picture of it.  However, due to the fact it is very high up in the sky, after a minute and a half or so, I either lost track of it or it simply disappeared. Note:  Although object looks like a bunch of balloons, the object was too high in the sky, too fast at times, and too erratic in movement to be a bunch of balloons released by children. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.0336860962566;-84.3638481283426
100% Positive they exist now!;2018-01-17 12:00:00;3 minutes;100% Positive they exist now! Always laughed at people who claimed to have seen but now it just got real!   My sighting happened in the middle of the afternoon on a cold but clear day.  Snow and ice was still on the ground from the light dusting of snow the night before. I had made a short trip to the grocery store to pick up a few items and on my way home I had to cut through a suburban neighborhood in order to avoid a minor traffic accident.  I came to a 4 way stop sign in the middle of the neighborhood close to mine and noticed something in the middle of the street slightly to the left  floating about 5 feet off the ground.  The object was unclear at first until it moved directly in front of my car.  At this point It was less than 6 feet from my face almost touching the hood of my car.  Its movement was very aquatic like and it seemed to float like a jelly fish.  It moved horizontally and vertically twice without tilting or pitching then returned back to center.  It moved without effort, it had no propellers, props or blades it had neither propulsion nor exhaust that I could see.  This was not a drone!  This looked biological with some type of energy about it. I can see EVERY DETAIL about it now! The entire object was between 8 to 10 inches long and maybe 5 inches wide.  It protruded hair like fibers (thicker than hair) that held a type of energy that flowed through each fiber.  It looked like a deep sea Jelly Benthocodon but more like a caterpillar.  Both the top and the bottom were identical. (Hours of googling pics to no avail!).  As it moved the fibers moved in slow motion.  Everything seemed to move in slow motion at this point and I felt frozen in time. I was in shock and I couldn’t understand what I was seeing.  I kept asking myself “what the hell am I seeing” As I moved to unbuckle my seat-belt it reacted to my movement in the car. Its movement was like a posturing movement of fright of flight.  As I begin to open my car door it did a nose dive towards the ground then shot strait up towards the tops of the pine trees between 100 feet & 125 feet in less than 3 seconds.  I could see it clear against the blue sky! It moved horizontally with the tree line for about 50 yards then moved straight up until out of sight. It moved out of sight in less than 3 seconds.  At no point did it make any noise. Against the sunlight it had a metallic or sliver color about it. I stood in the middle of the street like an idiot yelling “I just saw an Alien”.  I walked around the 4 way stop for 10 mins looking for any type of evidence of the encounter but came up empty handed.  I looked around hoping someone else witnessed this but I'm sure I looked a little weird from a distance.  I returned later that day to see if any surrounding homes had security cameras but no luck.  Every day on my way home I cut through the same neighborhood hoping to see my caterpillar/jelly Benthocodon friend but no luck yet.  This time I’ll have my phone!;34.0336860962566;-84.3638481283426
Two UFO's pass in front of our house.;2018-07-24 21:50:00;14 seconds;Two UFO's pass in front of our house. I have experienced one of the most beautiful sightings ever!  This is the details:  On July 24, 2018 @ our home in Roswell, Georgia, at approximately 9:50PM, we were on our driveway saying goodnight to our daughter, ((name deleted)) and Grandson, ((name deleted)).  In the car behind the wheel was ((name deleted))/grandson who is 2 yrs old and in the passenger seat was ((name deleted))/grandson who is 15 yrs old.  Myself and my other daughter, ((name deleted)) was video taping them in the car when suddenly a loud humming noise occurred and you can see ((name deleted)) reacting to it trying to get to the window to get a peek.  Since the car was parked pretty close to the garage and I was standing closest to the front of the car and the wall of our home goes out from the garage door about 12 ft. straight out.  Once the humming started I looked at the edge of the house and saw flashing colored lights that were about to come in view.  What happened next was amazing!   Moving out in front of our driveway was a small UFO and what followed was the most beautiful V-shaped UFO.  As they floated passed the V-shaped UFO slowly rotated.  My heart stopped.  Everything seemed to go in slow motion.  The V was totally covered in colored lights and in the middle of the V-shaped area was a solid surface which was dark gray and had very tiny lights spaced evenly apart.  Both UFO's were so lighted and beautiful! We are the first house when you come into our subdivision and the power lines are at the beginning of the street.  So as they passed our house they immediately started going up.  So you would think that I have pictures/videos since my camera and my daughter's camera were running.  I wanted to and tried, but cold not move the camera up.   Which I have been kicking myself since.  However, I do have the video I took that night and you can hear the humming that they made and ((name deleted--grandson)) reaction trying to see it.   Also, the video my daughter took we were able to get a screenshot from hers that show a reflection of a v-shaped object in his sunglasses.  From start to finish this experience lasted approximately 14 seconds  You can hear me in the video trying to get ((girl's name deleted)) to look, but she was focu sed on ((grandson's name deleted)).  I think I was the only one who actually saw it.  ((grandson's name deleted)) did say when he got out of the car so you guys have UFO's?  The things that I learned from this was the following:  --If you are close enough, UFO's do make sound/humming. --The v-shaped are only that because of the lights on the edges.  To me they are still triangle shaped. --Don't ever assume because you have your camera rolling you are going to get the shot. Thank you for your time!  I have been pretty much obsessed with this and am hoping that writing to you helps me let go. Thank you for your attention!!;34.0336860962566;-84.3638481283426
Spotted around 1AM in the Wester Sky on Friday, June 5, 2020;2020-06-05 01:00:00;>1 hour;Spotted around 1AM in the Wester Sky on Friday, June 5, 2020 Around 1AM on June 5, I looked out my back door towards the West.  Low on the horizon (referenced a marker on the horizon with tree line), I saw one extremely bright light.  It was wobbling, but not moving in a line similar to an aircraft.  I thought it could possible be a satellite, but decided to return in 15 minutes to  see if it had moved.  Upon return, the object was now much higher on the horizon, and it started to randomly fade out to total darkness, and then, without any noticeable pattern, it would brighten back to a bright burst.  There was no cloud cover in this area as stars were visible in the general area.  I return approximately 15-20 minutes later to see a second similar, but smaller light in the same area however, this second light never pulsed.  I think that the spacelink satellites may have been in our horizon area, but not sure if this was them as there were only two lights and at at 1AM.;34.0336860962566;-84.3638481283426
