At approximately 3:30AM 11-21-14 my 1 year old grandaughter woke up crying. After getting her comforted and back to sleep (about 4:00AM;2014-11-21 04:00:00;5 minutes;At approximately 3:30AM 11-21-14 my 1 year old grandaughter woke up crying.  After getting her comforted and back to sleep (about 4:00AM), I stepped out on the back porch to have a cigarette. The sky was clear with stars visible.   At that time directly east there were 3  white stars of about 1st magnitude arranged in a straight line and evenly spaced and equal brightness.  The axis of the lineup stood vertically above the E horizon just above a neighbor's house, or on an E-W axis.  I had never seen a formation of stars with a pattern like this and thought it was unusual.   The stars did not move or change brightness exactly like normal stars except that there are no stars  that even remotely resemble that configuration and brightness in that part of the sky at that time.  My husband is an amatuer astronomer and MUFON field investigator and checked the star charts and Stellarium planetarium software.  Whatever they were, they were not stars.   After viewing them for a few minutes, I looked at the sky straight up, and to my surprise another IDENTICAL equidistant straight-line pattern of 3 stars were visible.  They were exactly the same, except they were dimmer at about magnitude 2, but still easy to see. Again, there are no stars known that meet the observation.  During the approximate 5 minutes of observation, both of the configuations just appeared stationary.  But that's not all.  The SAME CONFIGURATION of three 1st magnitude psuedo-stars made another appearance just this morning (12-3-14).  Exactly the same phenomena.  During 5 minutes of observation (clear sky & other stars visible) they just stood there just like stars of magnitude 1 or so.  Tried taking a picture with my cell phone but it didn't come out.   After 5 minutes had to go back indoors to check on the grandaughter.  At 5 AM went back outside on porch, and the psuedo-stars were gone.   Husband checked CalSky for possible satellite etc but nothing visible that could cause this.;41.7295;-87.8327
1 or 2 lights that were maybe UFO's.;2016-02-12 16:38:00;20 second;1 or 2 Lights that were maybe UFO's I was stopped at a traffic light on 95th and LaGrange, ready to enter the forest.  I took some real good photos of a white light that wasn't wasn't moving over some clouds.  The clouds were barely moving right.  Then the light disappeared. The traffic light then turned green so I entered the forest.  I was driving a see another light in the sky to the left again.  I'm not sure if it was the same light or another light that was white colored again but it seemed like it was a little closer but wasn't moving.  I attempted another photo but a tree was in the way when attempting taking another photo while driving 50MPH but didn't catch anything. I was now getting closer to the another traffic light by Clawdad Slough.  I slowed down and attempted to about to take a photo of it over the slough but it disappears white trying to take a photo.  I didn't stay to see if it would come back because I didn't want to be late for work. I posted a video on YouTube that day.  I'm late reporting this sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.7295;-87.8327
