Two sets of two orange-red spheres following the same path;2017-07-15 21:40:00;5-6 minutes;Two sets of two orange-red spheres following the same path While walking the dog in our back yard, I saw a bright orange-red light appear over the western horizon, traveling toward the east.  The light was bright and steady, not pulsating, and the object made no sound.  I watched it travel across the dark sky, trying to determine what it could be.   Then another identical object appeared from the same area as the first one, and followed the same path.  One object was trailing the other.   When both objects were clearly visible at the same time, I ran to the house to ask my husband to come outside quickly.  For two to three minutes, we both watched these two orange-red spherical objects travel from west to east, although they seemed to be not perfectly round, and looked to be somewhat flattened on the top.   There was a distance between them but they followed the same trajectory.  The trailing light passed into a small thin cloud and disappeared first.  Then the leading light passed into a larger, more dense cloud and dis! appeared second.  Then they were gone. After that, the sky seemed clear except for a passing airplane.  I resumed walking the dog and then to our surprise, about two minutes later, another orange-red light just like the first two appeared, again from the same area on the western horizon and traveling eastward.  My husband was still outside and witnessed it, too.   About 30 seconds later, there came another light from the same place.  This set of lights traveled approximately the same path as the first set, were also a distance apart, and both lights also passed into thin clouds and disappeared, but this set disappeared almost simultaneously.  They didn’t travel as far as the first set did before blinking out. The objects did not have lights on them the spheres themselves appeared to glow brightly.  None of the four objects appeared to be at an extremely high altitude.  The lights of the passing airplane appeared to be much smaller and not nearly as bright as the unknown objects.  Several stars were also visible in the night sky. My husband and I are both retired.  He is a former auto maker and maintenance technician.  I was a medical technologist.  We have lived at this address for over 7 years.  We walk our dogs every night in the back yard and this is the first unusual sighting we have had.;40.3051999999999;-79.5418
