craft sighted hovering over trees in rural minnesota;1995-11-10 20:00:00;1-3 mins;craft sighted hovering over trees in rural minnesota It's taken me 8 years to get the courage to actually file a report, I feel rather stupid about it, but I need to talk about what I saw.  In November of 1995 I left work about 8 p.m.  I had to stop over at my parents house and decided to take a back road because it was quicker, the road is 7 miles of uninhabited state land, it is a winding dirt road, I had traveled it many times before and was very familiar with the road and terrain next to it.  The night was overcast so there were no stars or moon visible, about 2-3 miles down the road I came around a sharp bend and saw an object hovering above the treetops straight ahead (where the road takes another sharp bend).  At first I was confused about what I was looking at, it didn't make sense what I was seeing.  I stopped the car and put it in park, and rolled down my window, I heard absolutely nothing, the craft was about 50 ft down the road from me, It had 4 rows of orange or amber lights, and it had a whitish-green mist around the it, the bottom of the craft lit up the branches of the trees it was hovering over, the lights around the rim were NOT pulsating or changing colors, they remained constant and didn't seem to shine very brightly.  About this time I completely freaked out! I didn't feel I had time to turn the car around so I threw the car into park and gunned it, I went straight towards the craft and hoped to hell it wouldn't start following me or shine a light on my car, (I had heard the stories), Good God it was terrifying.  When I got just about under it I had to brake to make the corner and I remember glancing up, I don't recall exactly what I saw, but I do remember a small bright neon green light somewhere on the bottom of the craft, I drove like a bat-out-of-hell until I got to my parents house, I could hardly walk into the house my legs where so weak, and as soon as I saw my mom I started bawling like a baby, She didn't really know what to say when I told her what happened.  And to this day my family gets uncomfortable if! I bring it up. After that experience I had terrible nightmares, I'm not saying I was abducted but the nightmares were along that line. and I would have panic attacks when I drove at night, especially since I live in a rural area. Well I could write more, but I think this will do. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous date is approximate.  We are very interested in this sighting, and we would very much like to correspond with this witness.  The sighting is very similar to another incident, which was quite well documented.  PD));47.6624;-92.2111
