Green fireball like object shooting across the sky towards the ground.;2013-09-09 20:21:00;3 seconds;green fireball like object shooting across the sky towards the ground. I'm not entirely sure what I saw.  I just know it was not a plane or anything you would typically find in the night sky. I was driving my son to the hospital and was coming up to the light to turn down to gateway hospital when all of a sudden I saw a large object with green lights shoot across the sky and towards the ground.   As I went to ask my son if he had seen that he blurted out whoa what was that I asked what he saw and he described the same thing I saw as well.;36.5673523039611;-87.3939784155229
Fireball type aircraft making a show on New Year's Eve in Clarksville, TN.;2014-12-31 19:15:00;~10 minutes;Fireball type aircraft making a show on New Year's Eve in Clarksville, TN. I had previously posted about four lights in a triangular shape sometime in November.  This evenings sighting was much different than the last and much longer.   My husband began loading his car with laundry baskets, when I hear him call my name and come see them again.  I am sure it is highly unlikely to see UFO's more than once but it seems to be a re-occurring theme here in Clarksville.   I went outside and saw a slow moving fireball type aircraft in the sky with the occasional firework going up.  It seemed as if though during this time we saw this light everyone paused their fireworks.  After a minute or two the fireball type aircraft completely vanished in the night sky.  We thought that must be it this time but then another appeared from the western treeline moving towards Oak Grove, KY, (we are fairly close to Oak Grove, KY, and our house is situated northerly).  This second fireball type aircraft made no noise whatsoever as did the first.  We then saw a! plane flying towards into the direction of the UFO.  The plane made noises as a plane would but the UFO was completely silent.   The UFO rose into the sky in a eastern direction.  Then a third came from the exact spot as this one had and at this moment the second UFO vanished without a trace.  The third UFO did as the second had and followed the same flight path.   And just as the second had vanished when the third appeared so did this third when a fourth fireball aircraft appeared from the same exact spot.  The fourth UFO followed the same flight path as the previous three had.   It was during this time a plane had circled around into the direction of these UFO's.  All during this time you can clearly hear the sounds from the plane and still no sound from the UFO's.   Also, while the fourth had followed the same flight path as the previous, a helicopter coming from the eastern sky began flying towards the direction of where the UFO's were appearing in the western sky.  Unlike the plane, the helicopter did not reach in time before the fourth vanished.   We waited for a fifth UFO but that was it.  No more appeared.  It seemed so for our neighbors as well because after this show of UFO's ended, the neighbors began lighting their fireworks more so than during the appearance of the UFO's.   This is becoming more unsettling, here in Clarksville.  We do live near a military post, and everyday you can see small planes and helicopters flying over head.  We are used to it, of course.  We have lived here for 10 years but these occurrences are much different than seeing planes and helicopters flying over head.   If there are others here in town seeing these same objects, please don't be embarrassed to post because you are not alone in these experiences. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.5673523039611;-87.3939784155229
