Orb over home in Clarksville, TN.;2006-06-23 02:31:00;2 Hours;Orb over home in Clarksville, TN. I was out fishing. During I saw many odd light movements, I figured we were near a military base so it was just jets and helicopters and what not. After fishing late in the night while heading home I noticed you can only see some buildings between the gaps in the bushes when looking at them from the road. After driving a while withen a few seconds I noticed that once a clearing opened to one house I noticed an orb over the house, lighting the entire building. Leaves were thrown up and I begged for everyone to stop and look. No one noticed and I panicked as I was concerned for the people in the building. I looked back only to notice the light of the orb reached out to the road from beyond the opening in the trees as small as it was. I said oh my god oh my god oh my god for about three hours yelling and panicking trying to explain what I saw as we drove by that small opening. Everyone thought I made it up and laughed. *After reading the details of making a r! eport I figured I should note that there was no sound* To the point it was a concern though. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));36.5673523039611;-87.3939784155229
Orange floating/hovering sphere witnessed by four people.;2010-07-05 21:00:00;10 minutes;Orange floating/hovering sphere witnessed by four people. While sitting outdoors on July 5, 2010 at approximately 9:00pm, myself and three others noticed an orange, floating sphere. Initially, we pondered whether it could be a paper lantern as the day prior was the Fourth of July, so we thought people could be celebrating still. We watched it, mesmerized, as it didn’t appear to change altitude over the course of several minutes. It simply floated from the southeastern sky to the north-northwest. As soon as I voiced that if it were a paper lantern it would have changed altitude by now, the hovering sphere stopped completely. Suddenly, it went into (what I would call) warp-speed and darted north northwest, disappearing several miles away. One friend, a native of Clarksville, stated that it flew right toward Fort Campbell’s air field. My other friend, an infantryman, stated he had never seen anything like that, and that to his knowledge the military has no aircraft resembling that. My other friend sat in disbelief. Th! is was several years ago, but every July 5th, I remember this event like it was yesterday. I decided to document this event, in case anyone else might have seen it as well.;36.5673523039611;-87.3939784155229
Pulsating sphere hovering over Ft. Campbell area for two nights in a row, moving erratically and shining brightly.;2010-10-07 21:40:00;40 minutes;Pulsating sphere hovering over Ft. Campbell area for two nights in a row, moving erratically and shining brightly. I am a 40 year old military officer, who had worked for over 10 years in Army Aviation before switching to Military Intelligence.  Regarding this event, my wife and I had just returned from taking the kids to karate practice.  Because my wife had mentioned seeing a strange object in the sky a few weeks ago (over Labor-Day weekend), I went out onto the deck to look at the sky.  Having just returned from overseas duty on R&R leave, I was not home on the night she had seen the strange craft.  Last night however, I quickly noticed a bright star-like object that was much brighter than any other star in the sky, and (assuming it was Venus or something) watched it for a few moments - not that I have any idea where Venus would normally be located.  The object I was looking at was located to the WNW, seeming to be over or near Ft. Campbell (approximately 10 miles away).   Just before I was about to turn around and go in, it suddenly dropped about a third of the way from where it was in the sky towards the ground, almost dipping below the outline of a tree in my neigbors yard (the neighbor who lives one house over and behind me).  Shocked that I was possibly seeing a real UFO, I yelled for my daughters to come outside.  Both of them came out to see what I was looking at.  The object was moving slowly left and right now, but then darted back up to where it had originally been in the sky.  It moved far faster than any Army Helicopter I have ever seen would be able to, and bobbed around in a manner that was disconcerting to watch.  It seemed wierd.  I would have to guess that it was less than 10,000 feet high, since jetliners in the sky crossed nearby a couple of times and looked much higher.  It looked like a bright star that was alternating between staying there and darting left and right, occassionally swwooping down and up in no discernible pattern.  I finally went and got my daughter's telescope, using it to focus on the object as best! I could (hate it because her tripod is broken).  When I could! get it to stay centered, it was clearly visible as a sphere-like object that was translucent - containing pulsating lights flashing from within the sphere - reddish lights mixed with white flashes.  It was pretty impressive.  I don't know if it was from the telescope or from the object, but the sphere seemed to have some sort of texture to it's surface - like lots of blocks or lines making up it's shape.  My daughter also was able to see it through the telescope.  After a while, we got tired of looking at it and went back inside.  About 30 minutes later, I went to bed... but poked my head out the back door to see if it was still there.  It was, but it was not moving a whole lot now.  Today (the next day) I looked in that area of the sky numerous times throughout the day to see if there was anything there.  No luck.  Tonight, the object is back, but seems much higher and farther away than it did last night.  It is moving also... but not as crazy as it was last night, at least not in! the few minutes I spent watching it.  The pulsating lights on it are fairly obvious though... far brighter than the typical 'twinkling' you get from stars (the Doppler effect).  If it comes closer, I will try to film it with my camcorder.;36.5673523039611;-87.3939784155229
3 Orange spheres in Clarksville, TN sky on New Years after midnight.;2014-01-01 00:01:00;10 minutes;3 Orange spheres in Clarksville, TN, sky on New Years after midnight. So the New Year's observation was not unusual.  That means I know others saw the event beside us three on that occasion.  My neighbors saw it too and since they had a lot of kids on hand, they weren't drinking near as much as us.  The neighbors were watching us send up fireworks. TIME: Shortly after midnight, 1 Jan 2014. CONDITIONS:  Cold, clear sky, moon light. Nominal northerly winds.  (We could judge wind by watching the ashes of our fireworks drift.) Oddly enough, kind of quiet. OBSERVATION:  Three orbs, orange in color, moving North by North East, moderately low to the horizon.  Distance and height estimates were not possible.  Orbs moved in a trail pattern spaced about 20 seconds between object 1 and 2 and about 30 seconds between objects 2 and 3.  Object 1 appeared to alter course with a smooth turn to a Northeast heading and object 2 appeared to follow this turn exactly upon reaching the same point.   Object three seemed to overshoot the turn and correct its course by turning more to the right (smooth turn) and follow objects 1 and 2.  At no time were all three object visible is the same sky.  No sound was heard.  Orange color and intensity of objects was uniform and did not change. OBSERVERS:  Three retired Soldiers celebrating New Year's with fireworks and firewater.  All three are experienced in field conditions and have training and experience in estimating distance at night and ground navigation by stars.  All three can tell the difference between a star and a planet.  All three can distinguish helicopters from airplanes and turbine engines from reciprocating engines.  So we know how to shut up, look and listen and, interpret what we sense.;36.5673523039611;-87.3939784155229
Sphere of light quickly speeds away, illuminated and disappears;2019-10-10 05:45:00;3 seconds;Sphere of light quickly speeds away, illuminated and disappears On the morning of October 10th, at approximately 545, while sitting on my front porch, just north of Tiny Town Rd., I saw a small spherical object of light, at a height of approximately 1,000 feet. This object illuminated a very bright white light and sped away in a North/Northeastern direction, at an alarming speed.  There was no vapor trail, and no sound, only a narrow band of light behind the object as it sped away.  It did not exit the Earth’s atmosphere, but rather disappeared with another bright illumination, as if it were exiting our dimension. This is the second sighting that I have witnessed from this exact location.  The first was in September of 2019, but was not reported, as the September sighting was only witnessed by anyone other than myself. Observers are an Active Duty Service Member with 11 years of service, and Service Member Spouse.;36.5673523039611;-87.3939784155229
