A row of 4 lights;2003-03-06 21:00:00;+30 minutes;A row of 4 lights I went outside at about 2100 to walk my dog and saw the ufo in the same location that I saw one the last time I reported a craft in that location. The Last craft I saw had two rows of 3 lights, this craft has just one row of 4 lights. At the time I am writting this (2150), the craft is still in its location about 2 to 3 airmiles from me and appears to be hoovering above or near castorville, texas. There is a large radio antenna in the vicinity of the craft and from its hight, it appears that the craft is about 200 feet to 300 feet off the ground. The row of 4 lights seem to be pulsating and changeing sync every few minutes. The lights of the city, that usually blink as trees and such obscure their lights, at this time appear to be almost in sync with the pulsating of the lights on the craft. The lights are a off whiteish color and they dim and brighten as the pulsating occurs. After telling my relative about the last sighting, I decided to get them to come and witness.  They saw the lights and had no idea was is causeing them. I contemplated that it may be stadium lights, but, the lights I am seeing do not occur for example, on any regular schedule as with games that would be held on weekends. The hieght of the lights is also to high from this distance to be stadium lights. The size of the lights is too big from this distance to be stadium lights. During the daytime, a telescope sighting of the area where I have seen the lights, shows no type of stadium light stands or any structure. So I have to rule this possibility out. I can not make out any shape of the object holding the lights, no outline or shape of any kind. I attempted to take three pictures of the sighting with a polariod (only camera I have). The first two came out black except for a single small fuzzy white spot that is hard to see. The third picture, I attempted with the light setting on lightest, and this picture came out totally black.;29.2134;-98.8579
