Four lights like a radio or TV tower sits sationary for awhile then moves horizontil, lights remain at an equal distance apart, like th;1972-08-02 02:00:00;15 minutes;Four lights like a radio or TV tower sits sationary for awhile then moves horizontil, lights remain at an equal distance apart, like the entire tower was moving, but its not a tower. The event happened 17 miles south of Ponca City, OK during the plowing season after wheat harvest in late July or early August in 1972. I was 19 years old and a first year college student at Northern Oklahoma College. I was plowing late at night because of the hot days.  I noticed a new radio or TV like tower at the west end of the field but I didn't notice it at the beginning of the evening.  The tower had three red lights and a white light at the top, none of them were blinking.  Then alittle later I saw the tower at the north end of the field, but I blew it off thinking I was confused and lost my since of direction in the plowed field because of the darkness. Then just a short time later I saw the tower floating and traveling horizontally across the sky with the white light in the lead.  The tower slowly circled the field I was in once and then it moved out of sight. I once turned the motor of the tractor off, a 930 Case with a four bottom plow, and listened but could not hear the lights or tower making any noise at all.   The tractor is a diesel and the throttle has to be turned down all the way to stop the motor, I did not however turn off the head lights. It had also moved out of my sight while I was busy with manuvering the tractor and I did not notice the direction it went. I remained in the field working until the tractor was low on diesel fuel then unhooked the plow and started home.  I exited the field to the north on a one lane sand road which cut through another field before it crossed an asphalt road running east and west. Then the same road turns to a north-south county road.  But the most interesting thing happen on the sand road just as I was leaving the field I was working in. A single large white light came over the trees north of me at the asphalt road and came at me like it wanted to stop me on the road. The light was the brightess light I think I have ever seen, it was almost like a thick liquid and I could not see anything else. I was going north and the large white light was going south. I was traveling about 20 miles an hour but, I do not know the speed of the white light. I kept waiting for the light to stop but it didn't and I waited too long. I thought we were going to wreck so I started to turn to the right and run through the shallow ditch and take what might come in the rough plowed field. That is all that I remember about that night.  I awoke the next morning in my bed and the tractor was parked next to the 500 gallon fuel tank in the driveway ready to be refueled for work like it always was. I do not know how I or the tractor got home that night. After breakfast that same morning when my Uncle and I went out to refuel the tractor, two F-4 Fighter Jets flew over our farm so low we could see the pilots looking back at us, they were going south toward the field I was in.;36.7149;-97.0638282051281
