Large star-like orange/red  fireball seen hovering, un-moving in Shepherdsville Ky until it faded away;2012-10-02 22:51:00;30 seconds;Large star-like orange / red  fireball seen hovering, un-moving in Shepherdsville, KY, until it faded away October 2, 2012   I was sitting on my porch balcony at Cedar Groove Apartments in Shepherdsville, KY. I was texting a friend of mine and had my cell phone in hand, sitting on a cushioned bench on my porch.  I was facing approximately 162° SE at around 10:50 PM, deep into the text message I was sending on my phone. Once I sent the text. I looked up and was about to retrieve my laptop, when something bright caught my in the corner of my eye.  I then turned my head slightly to the right, to see a large bright orange colored fireball in the sky.  It looked like a star, only several times brighter and very close. Its exact location from where I was sitting is 200°S. At first I thought it was a street light that I had not noticed before.  I just moved into these apartments yesterday. (Cedar Groove in Shepherdsville KY)   As I watched it I thought “Maybe it is a plane. I am close to the airport. It has to be a plane.”  I watched it hover, unmoving, unwavering, shimmering like a large bright star / fireball. I thought it would at least move and so I could see the lights of an airplane.  It’s often common to see a light, and then realize it’s a plane simply preparing for landing as they turn. Well, it did not do anything.  I sat there watching it hover for at least 30 seconds until it started to quickly fade. It was almost like it was a burnt out ball of fire.  The last thing I could see of it was a tiny red/orange dot, and then it was gone. I heard no noises.  In fact, there were no airplanes for a while until afterwards the airport seemed to make the path go through the exact same area where I saw the UFO, and back towards me heading west.  That was not until around 11:20 when I started to see airplanes in the skies from the nearby center of UPS. The oddest part about this is I have not seen a UFO for years.  I lived in Reno Nevada ans used to see flying UFO’s quite a bit. Most of those objects moved in strange patterns, and I saw most of them during the day.  I have NEVER seen anything like this in all of my 31 years.  I will be simply amazed if I was the only person to have seen this sighting. There was no denying how big and bright it was. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.0074924939471;-85.6922288135595
