6 sphear shaped dissapearing craft sighting;2005-06-30 20:00:00;00:30;6 sphear shaped dissapearing craft sighting date/time approx I'm not exactly sure if the Date is correct it was a week ago and i just found this site. My friend I both saw the same thing. This sighting is our first and only. This happened only a few days after a young man (16y) drowned in mitchal pond/lake. I live in Lakehaven apartments and the lake is next door. This death was all over FOX news. I doubt a significants. I was showing him the candle light mural that was floating where the young man was found. There is a baseball park ajacent to the lake and a tree line dividing the two. As we walked I noticed a ball game in progress. I saw over the tree line on the horizon, an orange glow. I thought at first fireworks dieing out and blowing in the wind, but no. They kept moving, and there were six. Flying in formation, Three in front and three in rear. The front formation was a diagnal line of three. The rear was a triagle pointing to the front formation. It would have seemed a large single craft if they weren't oscelating freely. They moved slightly in an imperfect formation. This formation continued accross the sky, which was a clear dusk sky. The indivividual objects were a color that I can barely describe. Amber, blue, grey all put together. The light was not incandessant, nor hallogen. It was more irridessant, a glow. But a glow should not be able to be visable from the distance we saw them at. The distance is impossible to estimate because of the undetermined size of the craft. They appeared very high in the atmosphear, and were moving over the horizon very quickly, but soundless. There was no light bending or streaking, as a fast jet may cause if it flies fast enough and emmits a bright light it may streak to the observer. The only way to describe the apperance of the UFOs is they resembled a size magnified human egg. Round with an inner circumferance and an outer. I screamed What the **** is that?! repeated several times. There were several other people arround the lake, but when asked they calimed to not have seen anything. Only my friend and I saw it, that we know of. We did ask anyone and everyone we saw near the event only to our dismay, as we began to feel insane. As the Crafts continued across the dusk sky, we both observed them vanish one by one, front of the formation to the back. No sound, just dissapeared. I have no explaination as to how they dissapeared, other than they left the atmosphear or had some otherworldly technology. I'm not saying these definately were visitors of another world, but what we saw was not military in my oppinion. I highly doubt humans have a craft as we observed. If this were millitia I would assume it to be top secret and would not be flown over a residential area. I know what I saw. It was not normal. We were frightened. I do believe us to not be alone in this universe, as it would not make sense if we weren't. But why would someone come here? Discovery? Warnings of impending self desctuction? War? Please contact me at Guitardude823@aol.com. I am very curious as to what the hell we saw.;41.9180476190476;-88.1367571428571
Speefy fat disk shaped craft spotted against a cloudy sky.;2007-06-23 21:32:00;less than 30 seconds;Speefy fat disk shaped craft spotted against a cloudy sky. It was really cloudy out and pretty dark dark outside when I looked up and there it was. The object zigzagged up and down before moving behind some trees, out of vision.  I had my camera in my hand because I had just come from taking pictures of my car.  I threw the lens cap off and snapped three shots. The first two missed and my girlfriend kept yelling, 'it's behind the trees!' I ran down the street holding the camera up in the air and managed to capture one shot.  When I spotted it close to the building, it was definitely shaped like a very fat, round disk. Appeared to glow on the underside, but not quite like a light. It glowed like molten hot metal, but with silver, not red.. Not sure how else to explain it.  It looks like there's some sort of a tail in the picture, but I didn't see anything like that when it was above us and the building, so I'm not sure if that's really there or just the way the camera picked up the lighting..  The flight went up and down like a zigzag and made no sounds. It went from above our heads and headed west.. It was low flying and as quickly as it appeared, it was gone.;41.9180476190476;-88.1367571428571
Orange pulsing light over Carol Stream.;2014-07-08 22:35:00;1-2 minutes;Orange pulsing light over Carol Stream Orange colored sphere traveling from west to south east.   Light from object was 3-4 times brighter than a satellite and had a long pulse to it.   No sound as it passed almost over head at the speed of a normal airplane.;41.9180476190476;-88.1367571428571
Witnessed a starlike object moving around in the  night sky in various patterns.;2016-06-24 00:20:00;15 minutes;Witnessed a starlike object moving around in the  night sky in various patterns. Forgive me if this seems crazy, but I saw something in the night sky I have never seen before.  I am at work in the middle of the night and went outside to have a cup of coffee.  We are a suburban area at 400 E north avenue in Carol Stream, Illinois. I looked to the sky star gazing as it is nice out and the sky is clear.  I turned to the north and high in the sky I noticed what looked like a star, but it was moving around.  I could not see a specific shape, it looked like a star to me, but it was not stationary.  The object was moving very quickly and erratically. I looked at other stars in the area and no other star was moving and I saw some obvious planes as they had the flashing lights and moved in a constant direction.  The object I observed moved like a balloon with air escaping or a kite on a string darting across the sky.  I kept waiting for the object to move out of my vision, but it stayed in the same general area. The object moved in all directions and at times made big moves, darting to another area and at other times made smaller squiggly moves like a figure eight or a letter “S”.  I called a maintenance friend of mine to verify what I was seeing and he saw the same thing I did.  The object looked way too high in the sky to be an airplane, and did not move like an airplane. I am not sure what it was that I saw, but it was not normal.  I am 56 years old and have never seen this kind of image and I grew up in the country where the sky is nearly always clear for gazing at night.  Take it for what it is worth.  I wish I knew what it was that I just witnessed.  Thanks;41.9180476190476;-88.1367571428571
