Gaseous ball of pink light turquoise blue gaseous center, noiseless,  in Placitas, NM, about 50 ft over village dirt road.;1969-08-15 16:00:00;~90 minutes;Gaseous ball of pink light turquoise blue gaseous center, noiseless,  in Placitas, NM, about 50 ft over village dirt road. Hot afternoon, sunny and clear, Placitas, New Mexico.  I was coming out of our post office and saw many people standing in the road where it branched to the right and then up a slight hill to the left.  This was a rural mountain village with dirt roads.  Some of the people were friends.  They were all just standing still watching something, quietly talking and I went to see what they were looking at.  Ahead on the left branch of the road...actually above the road... maybe 50 or 60 feet off the ground was a glowing ball of pink light and in the center of it, the light was a turquoise blue. It was a gaseous thing, with no structure.  The intensity of the ball of pink did not increase or decrease in light or in color.  It was luminous but did not illumine anything around it. Neither did it move in any direction.  I just was suspended about the road and may have been about 500 feet from where everyone was standing.  No one walked toward it.  There were two houses off the road on the left side, one occupied and the other was empty at that time.  (A week or so later my boyfriend, my son and myself moved into it.)  I joined the group of people watching... and asked a friend how long it had been there.  He said he was not sure but so and so had been watch it for a half hour.  He had been there another 30 minutes.   So I joined in watching, mostly silently.... I remember thinking, If this is a UFO... I am not feeling anything.  Not excited, not frightened, just ordinary.  What it is?  I don't know.   After a while I got tired of watching ... wondered if it was fading a bit... but could not tell.  So i left and went back to the group house where we had a room. The person who my friend had mentioned had watched it for 30 minutes before others, later said to me,  In two days, the ABQ journal will print a report saying that it was a weather balloon.   And two days later, the ABQ Journal published a report saying that Placitas residents should not be alarmed, it was only a weather balloon  This was not the first sighting in Placitas... but it was the first one that I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness reports that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.3092;-106.5293
My husband and I were outside searching for a missing pet, and we noticed a stationary bright light, which appeared to us upon first gl;2014-08-30 00:00:00;10 minutes;My husband and I were outside searching for a missing pet, and we noticed a stationary bright light, which appeared to us upon first glance to be an abnormally large star. However, it was wavering slightly in the air but maintaining its locale high above the mountain range.   There was no noise, nothing but a steady shining white light.  However, we both stopped to watch this object and pondered what it could be. For several minutes it continued to shine brightly, stationary.   But suddenly it quickly began to move, within 15 seconds it “zoomed” North, disappearing into a faint glimmer in the night sky.  We have never seen something like this before.;35.3092;-106.5293
