During a lunar eclipse: faint reddish light zig-zagging swiftly away from the moon.;2003-11-08 19:50:00;30 seconds;During a lunar eclipse: faint reddish light zig-zagging swiftly away from the moon. There was a lunar eclipse in NJ tonight, it started at 18:30 and was fully covered at 20:05.  My boyfriend and I were standing out in a field in Bridgewater, NJ.  There was very little ground light and you could see a lot of stars.  The sky was very clear and there was very little cloud action.  The moon was about 80-90% covered and he and I were looking around.  Then he points up and says, Do you see that?  I saw a very faint point of light.  It wasn't emmitting it's own light though, it was as if it was reflecting.  The light was a dark red.  The moon at no point during my watch turned red from where I was.  From what I understand, my cousin was watching from the next county over and said that the moon was an orangey-red. Anyway, the light was traveling away from the moon quite swiftly, I would saw about 40-50 mph from the ground.  Much faster than any plane that flies around here.  It was moving quickly and I lost a couple times, but it was zig-zagging.  When it would move sharply, I would pick it up again.  It was unmistakable.  The movement was very much like a bat, but it was up way too high to be a bat.  Well above cloud level.  The light zig-zagged away from the moon heading south, I believe.  It didn't come any closer towards the earth, it traveled on the same plane, you know.  It was very faint though.  And we both saw it. He said it was a UFO, that he'd seen a lot in Long Valley.  I know it wasn't a shooting or falling star, I'd seen a lot of those in the Caribbean.  He speculated it was a satellite, but I don't think those would be large enough to see from Earth.  I saw this with my naked eye and I've never seen anything like it before.  It was definitely not a plane, and I wonder if it was because of the eclipse, and the decreased amount of light that allowed us to spot it.;40.5921;-74.6238000000001
Strange lights in the sky, spinning in a unchanging tempo and position, looked like a lighthouse in the clouds.;2012-06-17 00:20:00;unknown;Strange lights in the sky, spinning in a unchanging tempo and position, looked like a lighthouse in the clouds. I was driving on 287 north coming from 202.  This was after 202 merges but before the exits for 76.  There was light cloud coverage.  From the left there was a strange light pattern in the sky.  I brushed it off as a bar having a search light.   Then I noticed that the angle of the light beams was parallel to the ground, horizontal.  This confused me and as I looked closer I realized it wasn't one light but two, like a light house. The two light beams were radiation at 180 degree angles from each other and both moving in a 360 spin, seeming to come from the same point within the cloud.   The beams of light were very thick and seemed to go on for many miles in each direction, the light cloud coverage illuminating with the light and showing the beam very clearly.  I brushed this off as I knew there is a small airstrip in the area.   This morning I google searched what I saw and found a similar report on this website so I thought I would put this information out there.  This struck me as unusual because the light source seemed to be coming from a fixed position and the beams of light were undeniably moving at a set rate.   The only explanation I could come up with is that it was a search helicopter that was in a spin, but this lasted the entire time I was within sight of it, and it never seemed to change elevation (and had two beams).  The best description is that it looked like someone had put a very large light house inside the cloud.;40.5921;-74.6238000000001
Large blue light streaming and disappearing in midair very low to the road;2020-02-15 01:00:00;4 seconds;Large blue light streaming and disappearing in midair very low to the road I was driving on Route 78 west around the bridgewater area (this is not 100% confirmed but best to my knowledge).  To the left of me, very low, parallel to the median, I witnessed an extremely fast moving object with a bright blue light stream through the sky and then the light disappeared in mid air.  The object almost looked like a jet landing extremely fast but never made contact with the ground.  The blue light disappeared mid decent.  There was no sound.  This was not a shooting star or even close to the speed/pattern of that.  This was much slower than a shooting star yet way faster than my vehicle was driving (70 MPH). It was large in size.  Although this was late at night I would be surprised if I were the only one to witness this.;40.5921;-74.6238000000001
