Cigar-shaped object seen for several seconds then disappeared from area of sight.;2005-02-19 14:35:00;10 seconds;Cigar-shaped object seen for several seconds then disappeared from area of sight. I don't know how significant this is, but I thought it was worth reporting nonetheless.  I should say that I'm a college student who has studied Astronomy throughout high school and college, so I feel I'm a pretty observant person.  Last Saturday, February 19th, at around 2:35 PM, I was sitting at a traffic light when I just decided to look up at the sky since it was such a gorgeous day, not a cloud in sight whatsoever.  I looked over to my left, which would be looking north, when I noticed an object in the sky at about 45 degrees elevation to my line of sight.  It was greyish in color and cigar-shaped, and was traveling at quite a brisk pace if I had to estimate the speed in relation to a car on the ground, I would say about 30 miles per hour.  If I had to estimate the size of the object, I would say it was about the diameter of a quarter if held at arm's length.  I would estimate the elevation to be 500 feet above the ground at the most.  If memory serves me right, this would make this a right isosceles triangle, meaning that the distance on the ground between myself and the object was about 500 feet.  I feel this is about right.  The object also seemed to be hazy - it would best be related to heat fog that one sees when looking down a tarmac road on a hot day.  When I first noticed the object, it was traveling west, parallel to the direction my car was facing at the traffic light.  I was looking out to the north, and my car was facing the east.  I was intrigued by it because it was definitely not a helicopter, because it was flat, and did not have any rotar blades.  I see a lot of helicopters in this area, and even if they are as far away from me as this one was, I can hear noise, but this made no sound.  I got the impression that it was not way far away in the distance, but was close.  After watching it for several seconds, I looked ahead to see if the traffic light had changed, and upon seeing that it was still red, I looked back to where the object was traveling, where it should have been had it continued along the same path, only to find that it was gone.  Just gone.  Surprised, I looked around the sky intently, thinking that it might have changed direction.  I still could not find it, and I never saw it again.  The object was traveling in the middle of the sky when I noticed it, and I only took my gaze away from it for 2 seconds, so I have no idea where it could have gone in that time if it really was just a plane or helicopter.  I spent the next 15 seconds before the traffic light changed looking all over the sky, just in case it had disappeared due to the sun's reflection, but I still could not find it.  I would argue this was possibly a conventional airplane, except I cannot get over the fact of how a conventional aircraft could disappear that fast.  There were no trees it could have disappeared behind, nor any cloud cover.;39.070892857143;-77.1396328571428
I was taking a break and laying on the sidewalk in front of our office looking straight up into the sky. The weather was clear, visibil;2007-03-30 14:15:00;15 seconds +/-;I was taking a break and laying on the sidewalk in front of our office looking straight up into the sky. The weather was clear, visibility unlimited. A friend was with me. A balloon had floated by us going north. Something caught my eye slightly to my south. It was cigar shaped, very dark color, silent, & no vapor trail. The size was about ½ inch between my fingers at arms length. I have no way to estimate actual size and altitude. There were two civilian jets in the sky at high altitude in the area. It traveled on a straight trajectory and covered maybe 10 degrees of arc in 10 or 15 seconds, heading due east. Then it vanished as we were observing it, literally. It was almost directly overhead, slightly to the south of my position.;39.070892857143;-77.1396328571428
