Floating abduction out of bed into a silver saucer US military human beings on board, some kind of head surgery performed.;1975-10-15 02:30:00;2 hours at least;Floating abduction out of bed into a silver saucer US military human beings on board, some kind of head surgery performed   I was fast asleep when I suddenly woke up and appeared to be floating above my house!  Why do I know that all this that follows was not simply a dream?  It didn't feel like a dream, I felt I was awake but out of normal condition.  Consider this, in a dream state I seem to accept everything that happens no matter how bizarre as 'real' but in this incident and all during it I was continually rejecting it, thinking that this was impossible, this can't be happening, and as each level unfolded I continued to be confounded at the content. In short,  I could evaluate which is a higher order of thinking that is beyond dream awareness. Anyway, the impossibility got worse as I am somehow transported (floated) up to a classic silver flying saucer! I clearly remember seeing the hull out of the dark, where the two ends converge and I am absolutely stunned, thinking, what the?  This can't be happening!  That is a flying saucer!  This thing was parked above our house in the dark but I could see it in the dark. And at the next instant I am inside! I see what appears to be a human military man American, I presume, I don't know the words he is saying but I sense his anger, this man is extremely angry about something.  I later believe that he was possibly mad that I am awake because I may have said something to him or he could see my eyes were open!  I am aware of other human beings United States Military men on board.  I don't seem to be walking or I can't feel my legs.  I am transported into the center of the craft and put on a table on my back and doctors surround me and immediately commence brain surgery!  My mind seems to be cracked open and I am seemingly transported to another area, larger space and I feel at this time very afraid as it has gone from impossible to unfathomable and I am simply overwhelmed and feel as if I am a whimpering thought of &quotbodylessness&quot (a ghost of some kind)!  This operation seems I can hear others conversing but the words are not understandable,! but I can sense their communication amongst themselves. This is the longest period of time and is fuzzy as to details. After some time I seem to lose all consciousness and after more time I wake up in my bed the next morning. The sun is shining and I begin another day at work! But I have immediate recall of the above and I am simply befuddled as to how to understand it. I was shocked by it all! It all had a very real unreal feeling about it but I could not be sure. For the next 30 years or so I would never discuss this with a single soul. I was too scared to admit it for anyone would think I was nuts! The book Communion had a line that solidified for me that it may indeed be real with the line &quot...and they implanted something in my brain...&quot after that I was a wreak for the next year or so trying to accept its reality. Finally after 5 or 10 years and then seeing the culture start to talk about this kind of thing (the Simpsons had scenes of people being abducted u! p into space ships and more people started coming out with sim! ilar sto ries) then I started to lighten up about it. Now I can freely discuss it without too much distress.  Some interesting points: The album cover by Emerson Lake and Palmer really keyed me in at the time: &quotBrain Salad Surgery&quot that painting depicted very well what I felt was similar to the experience in some form. There was a robotic feeling about it.  The man in the ship, I later saw a photo of General Curtis Lemay and I swear the fellow on board looked so much like that man that I think it was him!  At that time (1975) there had not been any reports of anything like this happening to people, being sucked up into a flying saucer! Surgery?! So I was not influenced by anything from the culture, this was totally new and totally unexpected.  I was apparently unharmed. Just a bit freaked out as we say! No physical evidence was noted on myself, I didn't even look for any.  That is about it, I wanted to report it officially somewhere so it can go into the record. I don't seem to have any recollection of anything like this happening to me before or since. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.070892857143;-77.1396328571428
Abduction middle of night encounter human atired in US Military Uniforms (Airforce) experience some type of Brain Surgery!;1975-10-15 03:00:00;1-2 hours;Abduction middle of night encounter human atired in US Military Uniforms (Airforce) experience some type of Brain Surgery! This is something I have only recently been willing to openly talk about.  This happened approx in Oct. 1975.  I was 19 years old.  It was in the middle of the night, I was sleeping - I was suddenly aware that I appeared to be outside of my house and looking down at my house, I remember seeing the roof of my house and the street below me, then I saw a silvery side of a disk shaped classic flying saucer - my condition was not at all what I would call normal, I felt I wasnt simply dreaming - it had a very real aspect yet I was sort of out of touch with what was happening, a good description was I felt like a bystander - which is hard to describe or even understand.  I next recall encountering a man, and United States Air Force officer in full uniform, he had black hair and seemed alittle angry - He spoke as an american english, slighly overweight, and was yelling at 'others' later I think I may have said something to this person and he was mad because I was 'awake'? - I seemed to be floated around inside what appeared to be the outer parimeter of this craft and placed on some sort of operating table.   Then I had the awareness that they were performing some sort of brain operation! - this caused me TONS of mental and spiritual discomfort, anguish and FEAR... I felt that during this time I was outside my body and was watching from behind the 'surgeons' - I was incredulous and shocked at this experience wondering AT THAT TIME was this really real? was it really happening?  I recall hearing their voices, but I dont know what they were saying. That seems to be the extent of it, or at least, it is all that I recalled happening.  I 'awoke' the next day fully aware of what I had just experienced and KNEW that there was NO WAY I could EVER reveal this to ANYONE EVER... It was just too incredible.  I was very scared at the whole experience.  This happened in 1975, October.  Years later, when I read Whitely Striber's Communion, I had a terrible shock that this 'dream' may have not been a dream after all, and could have been a real experience, it was one line he inserted in his book at the end of a chapter he said somthing like: 'they implanted something in my brain!'  THAT realization, that my experience may have been TRUE was almost too much for me to handle... I have since reconciled this and wanted to express this and see if there are any others in the area who had similar experiences at that time?  Thank you for this forum...;39.070892857143;-77.1396328571428
I saw a flying saucer.;1977-06-16 19:00:00;30 seconds;I saw a flying saucer. I was about 13 years old and I was sitting on the floor of my friend’s bedroom.  It was early in the evening still daylight, but close to dark.  My friend was talking and she suddenly stopped mid sentence.  Her jaw dropped and she just pointed.  I turned around just in time to see a flying saucer go over her house.  This thing was very low to the ground.  You could see the lights or windows around the saucer.  It was moving quickly and silently and it appeared to be as big as her house.  We told her parents and they said it was probably a weather balloon.  I also told my parents and they too thought it was a weather balloon. I asked her about it when we were grown and she accepted that it was a balloon.    I told my ex-husband about my experience and he told me that he had a similar experience in Baltimore when he was about the same age.  He recalls the same type of aircraft.  I am telling you, this was not a balloon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));39.070892857143;-77.1396328571428
Flying silent metallic disk passes over my head;2007-01-16 11:30:00;3 minutes;Flying silent metallic disk passes over my head Sighting Report Tuesday, January 16, 2007  South side of building on Hungerford Drive, approximately the height of the 5th story of the building passed shiny oval shaped object over the car garage behind my office building in a northeast direction.  This object was flying horizontally to the ground metallic cherry red on one half and silver metallic on the other half.  As it turned and moved n a tumbling fashion the sun reflected off its highly polished surface. It moved along and tumbled 3 or 4 times so that I got to look at each side of the oval shaped object (like a zero on a computer on its side). It was totally silent.  I watched it until it got smaller and smaller until I could no longer see it.;39.070892857143;-77.1396328571428
Second sighting of oval/disk metallic object;2007-03-08 12:00:00;4 minutes;Second sighting of oval/disk metallic object Sighting Report Thursday, March 8, 2007  On smoke break facing southeast on Rockville Pike I again saw a disk/oval shaped craft flying in a southeast direction.  It was about the height on my sixth floor of my office building.  This was the second sighting of this same object that I saw in January 2007.  Once again, it was oval/disk shaped highly polished silver on one half and highly polished cherry red color on the other half.  It again, tumbled occassionaly and I was able to see the bright reflection of the 2 halves. A man who works on the 7th floor was outside and I called to him to come here, hurry.  He came over to me quickly and I pointed to the object in the sky and said, what is that?  He looked and said Oh my goodness what is it?  Is it a ufo?  I said it probably is maybe a probe or some type of spying device.  It made no sound and quickly flew out of our sight.  As an aside, when I drove to work that morning, around 7:55 I saw 2 helicopters flying north following Route 355 in Rockville.;39.070892857143;-77.1396328571428
