it was not a satilite;2004-10-12 07:37:00;10 sec;it was not a satilite the 2 lights were serperating and coming together again.the lights were blue and white and blinking and going on a very high speed.;39.070892857143;-77.1396328571428
Two green lights hovering outside of Washington, DC.;2017-07-04 21:45:00;30 minutes;Two green lights hovering outside of Washington, DC. I live near Washington, DC, and got up to look out the window to see if I could spot any fireworks.  As a preface, I do not drink or smoke, and although I was a little tired when this took place, I was looking out the window simply out of curiosity.  While I'm interested in UFOs, on the whole I have generally been a skeptic in this field.  Sometimes I have seen objects that I think are unusual, but it turns out to be a plane or a planet.   This was different given the motion of the object and the clarity.  Being the Fourth of July, I also thought a rogue firework might be behind this, but the object was visible for 20-30 minutes, moved with purpose, and was soundless. I noticed a green light which was pulsating at regular intervals, hovering several miles away without moving.  I thought this was a helicopter, but it was unusual because the light was blinking green (no other colors) and wasn’t moving. As it so happened, a plane/helicopter flew by as I was watching this object, and there were a few main differences easily apparent -   1.)  The plane moved in a linear direction. Helicopters, when seen, generally do too.  This object was stationary. 2.)  The plane had a blinking white tail light, along with red and green running lights. The object I was seeing had neither.  Shortly after the plane passed, the object ascended rapidly and stopped. I thought this was odd because usually helicopters will gather momentum as they ascend and they’ll stop as they reach their new destination.  This object simply went up and stopped. I moved to another room with a better vantage point and viewed the object directly for ~15 minutes as it moved occasionally.  The object was located to my south and would have been by my estimation about 4-8 miles away.  It blinked green continuously (no light, green light, no light) at regular intervals.  It moved behind a tree and I believe I saw it flash more rapidly with a pinkish color but I am not certain.  During this time it moved in one direction, stop briefly, then would reverse direction or move in another direction.  Planes and other aircraft curve to meet a path - this moved fairly linearly.  I don’t believe this was a drone as I don’t think I would have been able to see it as far away as it was, given the distance, and it moved past the trees, and moved back to near its original position.   I attempted to take several photographs and videos of the object, but it is difficult to make out in most. The object then moved directly towards me and I saw there were two lights as part of the object. I could not identify a shape of the object but it seemed as though the lights were on the underside, if indeed there was an object.  It passed directly over my residence and hovered there for a second, before moving on.  The lights were bright and there were very clearly two of them, side by side (left-right oriented).  The lights were two large to be running lights on an aircraft, my best analogy is as though someone put two small flashlights together and pointed them down. I went out my front door to look at it and saw it moving in the reverse direction, but it was silent.  I could still clearly see two green lights.  I estimate it was flying lower than typical small plane but cannot estimate its altitude in feet/meters. I went to go outside to try to take more footage but as I was doing so, the object went back to its original position, hovered, then moved off to the W-SW.  I was able to capture video of it moving from a stationary camera on a tripod, as well as phone video.  Given the darkness it is difficult to see but the blinking light(s) are visible in these files.  Unfortunately I did not capture the moment that it flew over my location, but it is clearly visible in one photograph that the object had two distinct lights.;39.070892857143;-77.1396328571428
Multiple lights moving with constant brightness.;2021-05-06 22:33:00;2 minutes;Multiple lights moving with constant brightness. Standing in front of 4819 Eades St. Aspen Hill, MD, we witnessed multiple lights with the constant brightness of the ISS moving from the NW towards the SSE but with CHCB. These lights were moving in a near line formation (see accompanying video).;39.070892857143;-77.1396328571428
