Large, floating metallic sphere with a single 'headlight' and atleast 3 red lights on its bottom-side;2009-01-15 00:05:00;2 minutes;Large, floating metallic sphere with a single 'headlight' and atleast 3 red lights on its bottom-side On January 15, 2009 at approximately 12:05 AM in Rockville, MD 20850, I witnessed a UFO silently moving across the sky not too far away from me.  I am a college security officer and was out patrolling the campus when I observed a bright light West of me.  At first I assumed it was an airplane with an extremely bright light and I thought to myself ‘that is a really bright light’.  The sky was somewhat cloudy at times but it was clear enough that stars were visible still – more like a hazy/cloudy sky at the time of the sighting.  If one has seen an airplane traveling through clouds before, one would have observed that the headlight is distinct and the light forms a triangular shape this object I was watching was doing the same thing only it was at least twice as big as a light from an airplane.  Throughout the approximate 2 minutes I watched this light, it began to move South and I thought to myself ‘either that plane is about to crash into me or it is flying dangerously low’.  My assumptions that it was an airplane were backed by 3 flashing red lights beneath it (resembling a planes wingspan).  As it began to turn South from its seemingly stationary position, I thought that it could not be an airplane and that it must be a helicopter.  The only problem is that this made no noise that I could hear what-so-ever (when police helicopters fly anywhere near the campus, they are extremely loud and obvious, unlike what I saw).  As it turned I caught a very clear sight of the actual object on its side in the bright moonlight and at that point I ruled out the possibility of it being a helicopter.   The object most simply described was a large, dark, metallic sphere floating slowly in the air, possibly a few hundred feet above the treetops.  I was unable to assess how large this object was, but from my view, its size was about the same as the moon’s size from my view.  I even considered the possibility that it was some sort of remote controlled toy but it was too big and I thought that it would be ! silly fo r anyone to be playing with something like this at midnight.  It was heading out of my sight and about to be hidden behind a building and large bare trees so I ran to get to the other side of the building to get a better look but I could not find a trace of it anywhere.  I did see what seemed like an airplane traveling very far away in the distance but could not understand how it could have gone that far in a matter of 15 seconds or so.  But I am 100% sure of what I saw a large sphere-like object with a single intensely bright ‘headlight’ on its side facing a downward angle and at the least 3 red flashing lights on its bottom side.  One housekeeping staff working through the night noticed a bright light in the sky not moving but did not think enough of it to watch it because it was too cold outside.  He went to throw out garbage but on his way back he noticed that it was gone.  One other security officer claims he saw red lights in the clouds above him not moving but did not see the actual object as I did as he drove around in the security truck but did not pay much attention to them.  The duration of time of what I saw was about a total of 2 minutes but I only saw the actual objects body for approximately 10 seconds.  Never in my life have I seen anything that could have been a UFO before today.  It clearly was what I said it was.  While speaking with the housekeeping staff witness inside of a building, we both heard what sounded like a rocket being fired.  An example of this sound is what the fireworks sound like during 4th of July celebrations as they are fired into the air.  But there was no sound following this whistle.  This is possibly unrelated but in my 2 years of working this shift at this job I have never heard anything like this.  After hearing it I ran outside to see if there was something to see but the sky was clear.;39.070892857143;-77.1396328571428
While sitting in morning traffic on highway 270 southbound right passed the Wooten parkway overpass I looked up to the left and noticed;2020-02-10 07:05:00;5;While sitting in morning traffic on highway 270 southbound right passed the Wooten parkway overpass I looked up to the left and noticed a bright orange orb/sphere to the East between college park and Baltimore approx. 5,000-10,000ft in altitude. At first I thought it was the moon with a orange illumination, but I was to small and to bright. That morning it was a heavy drizzle, so I thought I was stopped under a bright lamp and the beads of water on windshield was causing a refraction of light. I rolled my window down and looked with my eyes and saw a a bright orb just in one spot not moving as far as I can tell for about 2-3 minutes. Then, like a light switch, it moved slightly then just sped off, but faster than I’ve ever seen.;39.070892857143;-77.1396328571428
