I seen a large craft hovering still about 1,000 feet away with 3 lights in the form of a wide obtuse triangle.;2009-02-06 19:00:00;1 minute;I seen a large craft hovering still about 1,000 feet away with 3 lights in the form of a wide obtuse triangle. At approximately 7:30-7:45, I was traveling down Grimsley Station rd. heading towards Christoper rd. and I seen a “craft” that was about 1,000 feet off the ground and a little more than 1,000 feet away.  It had 3 white circular lights in the shape of a wide obtuse triangle.  There was just enough light out to see that it was one object and it was very large.  It was bigger than any airplane.  It was hovering over a developing subdivision.  I continued to watch it as I turned left onto Christopher rd. until it was in my blind spot and I could no longer look behind me to see it.  I returned from my delivery off of  Christopher ( I deliver pizza for extra money while I’m in school.) and it was gone.  I looked around looking for something that I might have confused it with and there was just nothing.  I returned later on coming from the same direction to see if there was anything that could’ve deceived my eyes and there just wasn’t.  There was just sky and space.  My sister went to a party the following night and she said there was a boy there who exclaimed, “Oh my god you guys you’re not going to believe what I seen last night!”  He said that he was on Butler Hill rd. about 5 miles away or so from where I seen it.  He said it was moving real slow and he described the triangle form to the lights just like I did except that the lights were pulsating very slowly.  He seen it some time close to 8 o’clock after I seen it.  I don’t know this guy, I’ve never met him, and my sister only let him know that I had seen it after he told his story, so there is know possible way of him knowing anything about what I had saw that same night.  I hope this is the right place to report this type of thing, and I hope I hear from someone because I need some closure for this.  It was nothing short of an eye opening, earth shattering sight.;38.4539;-90.328
