Silver/chrome round object paralleled my bus for about three minutes.;2008-12-05 07:25:00;About 3 minutes;Silver/chrome round object paralleled my bus for about three minutes. On the morning of December 5th, I got on my school bus and sat toward the back on the starboard side, facing the other side of the bus, looking out the window. Riding across a long stretch of road, I was looking at some early morning stars. However, I realized there was only one star, and it wasn't before long I realized that it wasn't a star. It was an object which was reflecting the sun, above the valley. I noticed that this object was not far away, paralleling the bus. I noticed two white lights on the lower half of the object. When the bus came to a stop, to pick up another student, I was shocked about what I had seen. I thought the object would keep coasting along, but, it stopped along with the bus, and began to merge forward, toward the bus. When the bus picked up again, the object stopped moving toward the bus, and continued to parallel it. his went on for about three minutes, and because no one else seemed to notice the object, I kept to myself. I made an attempt to get a picture of it with the camera on my phone, (a two Megapixel camera, built in) but this bright object failed to show up on my screen, or in snapshots. Later on the bus ride I had noticed more lights. But I realized that these were street lights or building lights behind me. So I made an attempt to debunk what I saw earlier, but I had no such luck. These lights not only reflected and moved the opposite way of the bus, they were too low of a reflection on the window. Anything higher would have been blocked out by the bus roof, or the window sills. Again the object before had distinct two lights on its lower half, and was chrome/metallic.;45.2525;-122.6824
Three amber orbs or spheres.;2013-09-14 21:23:00;5 minutes;Three amber orbs or spheres. At 21:23 on Saturday, 9/14/13, a friend of mine and I saw three bright orbs in the sky.  We were looking SSW from my front porch in Canby, Oregon.  They were about the size of very large stars.  All were the same size, amber in color and steady – no blinking or flashing. 	The lowest was about 20&#730 above the horizon and appeared to be moving toward us and descending like a plane approaching for landing.  Above it and about 2&#730 to the left and at approximately 50&#730 above the horizon was the second orb.  It was completely motionless.  Directly above it was the third orb at approximately 65&#730 over the horizon.  It was also motionless. 	After watching them for about three minutes, the highest orb made a steep and rapid ascent away from us and quickly went out of sight.  Immediately the second orb did exactly the same thing and disappeared at the same point. 	The lowest orb that appeared to be moving toward us in a descent like a landing aircraft instantly headed the opposite direction away from us.  It made a steep and rapid ascent using the same path as the previous two orbs.  However, on its ascent it appeared to make a few corkscrew or wiggling movements on its otherwise straight ascent.  It disappeared at the same point as the others. 	It was a mostly clear and moonlit night with some areas of haze.  I don’t know if they flew out of sight or if they became obscured in a patch of haze. 	Their size and form are difficult to describe.  They were about twice as large as Venus (although not nearly as bright) on a near pass.  However, they were too small to be able to discern any form other than spherical.  The amber lights did not shimmer, blink, flash nor gain or lose intensity.  They weren’t brilliant or faint – they were about a medium intensity.  They were all exactly the same size except that the lowest increased slightly in size as it approached and then all three decreased in size as they ascended and disappeared.;45.2525;-122.6824
