Witnessed unlit oval craft.;2008-08-02 22:40:00;4 seconds;Witnessed unlit oval craft. Since my first sighting in March 08' I spend a few minutes at the end of the day star gazing on clear nights. This particular Saturday night I was standing on my porch which faces south. I was just about to go inside when I observed some sort of oval craft travelling North to South. The craft had no lights, but was a light color which made it just visible in the star light. It was pretty low, maybe 500 feet or so. It made no audible sound, was moving very fast and in a perfectly straight line with no visible variation in speed. It was about the size of a thumbnail held at arms length. As it was passing over my neighbors house I ran down to the street in hopes of visually re acquiring it, but it was already out of sight. At first I thought it may be a bird flying at night, but I don't know of any birds which fly  500 feet high at that speed, in a straight line at 10:40pm at such a size. Most birds are not oval either. As this thing was passing over, the dogs in the general area began barking which lasted for about 2 minutes. After observing the sky for another 10 minutes or so, I went inside. We are currently dog sitting my Mother In Laws little dog which I found cowering in the corner of the living room. I have never seen her do that. It took several minutes to get her calmed and to stop shaking. One other thing worth mentioning is that this craft, or whatever it was, took the exact trajectory as the first craft I witnessed back in March 08'. My March 08 sightings (there was one and then 3 in a row a few nights later)were the first sightings I have had in my 45 years. I was somewhat of a skeptic until recently. I have noticed that many professional people, including astronauts and pilots are beginning to come forward regarding their UFO experiences. This coupled with what I have seen to be a rash of sightings recently leads me to believe we may soon, and finally have conformation of what is really going on here.;40.6327000000001;-73.6333
