Three amber/yellow lights in triangle formation seen in Arizona night sky, then disappeared.;2011-09-14 17:00:00;30 SEC;Three amber/yellow lights in triangle formation seen in Arizona night sky, then disappeared. I was standing outside looking at the night sky as I do almost every night. It is quiet and fairly light-free in this semi-rural area in Arizona.  Looking towards the West, I see very low on the horizon three amber/yellow lights in a triangle formation.  One was on top, and the other two were below.  The angle was extreme in that the triangle was wide, with the top light not being too far above the bottom two lights.  Their motion was mostly in unison, but some fluttering appeared, showing that they were not attached in any way it seemed.  The lights stayed exactly where they were, not lessening in brightness nor changing color.  After about 10 seconds they appeared to be getting larger, and I assumed this meant they were moving closer. There was a very very slight up + down movement to the lights which could be described as a slight jolting.  And as I was staring at this, they disappeared before my eyes!  Gone.  No afterglow, no sign of them at all.  I moved! all around the area to see if I could see them, but they were gone. I ran inside and texted a friend in NYC, saying I think I just saw a UFO.  He texted back, Don't go into the light... as a joke.  I returned, There were three lights.  Which to go into?.  The time of these texts and the texts themselves are retrievable. I don't have a TV, so found out the next morning at work that a meteor sighting was reported across the southwest.  With descriptions mostly saying a green fireball was seen, I knew this was not at all what I had seen. I'm a 43 yr old female with a Master's degree from an Ivy League school.  I have never claimed to have seen a UFO in my life, nor have I ever thought I have.  These lights seemed...purposeful.  They never 'fell' down, they never diverted from the triangle formation, and they remained at the same elevation (from my angle of view) and then just disappeared.  There was no waning of light, or a slow burnout of the colors, nor a downward motion - just Poof! gone.;33.8874;-111.9508
Upside down rainbows and translucent circular ring Cave Creek, AZ.  ((NUFORC Note:  Lens flares??  PD));2012-11-14 16:00:00;10 minutes;Upside down rainbows and translucent circular ring Cave Creek, AZ It was a weird overcast sky with multiple crescent shaped upside down light prisms like upside down rainbows.  I took 23 pictures and although there are some reflections on the lens, you can clearly make out a translucent circular ring and within only a few minutes, the ring is in different areas of the sky and different parts of the frame so it isn't a smudge on my camera.  I could submit pictures also.  It felt eerie that day and the sky just didn't look right and that's why I started taking pictures of the sky that day.  I just came across these pictures again and wanted to share my experience when I found this site.;33.8874;-111.9508
Large round, lighted disc hovering silently, then moves out of sight at a very high rate of speed, as I took video of this occurrence.;2017-06-05 00:00:00;30 minutes;Large round, lighted disc hovering silently, then moves out of sight at a very high rate of speed, as I took video of this occurrence. My wife took video of a UFO this evening.  Several lights on a single object hovering in place, then disappearing at a very high speed.  She got out of her car to take the video.  Said there was no sound coming from the object, like all Earthly machines make and she said she could tell it was a large round object.  This is what many other people have also described in their sightings in the past of ufo's. ((NUFORC Note:  For some reason, witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.8874;-111.9508
Ufo spotted just before storm;2020-09-22 21:20:00;10 minutes;Ufo spotted just before storm Wife and I saw amber colored object in night sky, just before a storm, above the mountain skyline.  Object did not seem to move.  Light from Object did not seem to pulsate or change.  Object was view for approximately 10-15 minutes before fading out in clouds that envelopes it.  Storm was moving from the north to the south.  I took 3 photos and one 36 second video with cell phone.;33.8874;-111.9508
No noise, just gone;2021-02-23 21:30:00;5 minutes;No noise, just gone About seven thirty last night, I was just walking around in the backyard, just listening to headphones and taking a mom minute. I noticed a little red dot at a very,very high elevation. We are in the descent path going south into sky harbor airport, about 25 miles out and this was not a normal plane. It hovered for a minute then quickly headed straight south. It suddenly dropped straight down and disappeared about halfway down.;33.8874;-111.9508
