At least four bright objects hovered for several minutes, then randomly moved slowly up and down while becoming very intense when desce;1998-10-23 16:30:00;20 min;At least four bright objects hovered for several minutes, then randomly moved slowly up and down while becoming very intense when descending.  One object shot off at extreme speed. I am filing this report in behalf of my family as follows Four white completely silent objects were seen northeast of 64th. St and Peak View Rd. Cave Creek, Az. at 6:40 P.M.  The entire sighting lasted approximately 20 minutes and was witnessed by 4 people ages 20,  (daughter)48(wife), 71(mother in law), and 72(father in law). The objects appeared approximately 30 degrees above the horizon and were initially spaced approximately 1 foot apart at arms length as they   moved about randomly in the same general area. The objects were at different altitudes initially then one object began to descend slowly. During descent the object became very bright (appeared to become larger).  The objects seemed to take turns descending and rising. While observing one object, another instantly appeared appeared next to it (seemed to come from knowhere). There were no other lights associated with each object (only one light source). One observer stated that when the objects lowered the light changed it shape to become somewhat pointed on the top and bottom and thicker in the middle. The same observer indicated that the size of the objects were about the same size as a standard household lightbulb at about 150 ft. distance. Another characteristic of the objects is that they would become dimmer when moving but becomming noticeably brighter when hovering or descending. Two of the observers reported that one of the objects shot off at an extreme speed almost too fast to follow at an approximate 30 degree angle upward and disappeared. No aircraft were in the area at the time of the sighting. All observers are of sound mind and have stated that they have never seen anything as bizzare as this.  We all frequently see aircraft landing lights for all types of aircraft since we are north of Scottsdale airport, Deer Valley Airport, and Phoenix Sky Harbor airport but these objects were distinctly different not only in appearance but movement. This writer is a company Vice President, Aerospace Engineer, and licensed pilot and very experienced with many different types of military and commercial aircraft and aviation technology in general. I interviewed each observer to obtain as accurate an account as possible.  I personally missed the sighting by approximately 10 minutes when returning from work.;33.8874;-111.9508
Two separate large Light Balls observed hovering each with a large helicopter;2014-08-01 20:00:00;40 minutes;two separate large Light Balls observed hovering each with a large helicopter /Users/dreasdmd/Desktop/ufo 8.1.14.docx Sighting occurred Friday, August 1, 2014, 20:00, hours in Cave Creek (Maricopa County, 85331 zip code) , Arizona.    I walked out of the garage, facing due south, and immediately heard the deep loud sound of a large helicopter.  Looking up, I saw two stationary objects.  One obviously a large helicopter (what I assumed to be military) facing east referencing the position of its navigation lights (no head or search lamps apparent ).  The other was a large round ball of light reminding me of the color of amber jewelry or a head lamp from a sixties automobile.  These were separated by some space, as the dark sky was visible between them.  No sound was heard from the Light Ball however the helicopter was very loud.  I watched for ten minutes with no movement but did observe the Light Ball seemed to pulse from the outside in becoming less bright toward the middle.   Once, I thought I could see three balls of light forming the big ball but I am not certain.  The helicopter moved forward and seemed to become one with the Light Ball but I am thinking the light intensity of the obscured the helicopter as I could still here it.   I took my iPhone 5s from my pocket (will attach photos) and snapped a couple of pictures with flash.  Immediately the Light Ball/not visible helicopter began to move north on a western angle in my direction.  I became uneasy and crossed the street to hide under a tree and as I was doing so the combined objects changed direction more towards the tree.   I noticed the phone was still lighted so I clicked it off and stayed in the shadows observing the Light Ball between the leaves.  I may have been there for a few minutes and saw my next door neighbor (two ladies) pull in their drive way and get out of their Tahoe phones in hand taking pictures.  I walked over to talk with them (their comment was they were wigged out) and turning to look,   I saw the Light Ball and helicopter as two separate objects again with the Light Ball west of the helicopter and both were stationary and hovering.  The neighbors went inside as I observed The Light Ball slowly start to move west/slightly southwest and the helicopter followed.  I watched until they were completely out of sight.  Suddenly, I heard the same helicopter sound again and looking up and left, I saw exactly what I just witnessed disappear in the western sky.  The Light Ball was east of the helicopter and the helicopter seemed to be facing east.  Both objects were stationary and hovering but the helicopter sound was not as loud and no sound was heard from the Light Ball.  I did observe they seemed to be on the same latitude as the others were but further east.  I watched for approximately five minutes and took a flash picture.  The Light Ball moved toward my direction followed by the helicopter.  They stopped after some north/west directional movement and hovered again.   Suddenly the Light Ball headed southeast (North Scottsdale) with at a must faster rate of speed than the first sightings.  The helicopter seemed to not keep pace and I watched until they were out of sight, but the Light Ball was out of sight much sooner than the helicopter.  This was my first UFO experience and what was most unnerving was the possible military involvement along with the objects movement seemingly in response to my camera flash.  I sent a text with picture to a friend just in case there was a Men in Black visit.  This text was sent at 20:40 hours so this occurred over forty minutes.   The photo timestamp can be determined once I upload into my Mac.;33.8874;-111.9508
