One object, triangular (V-shaped) with 3 yellow lights, one at center of the V and one on each side at the end, with red lights at each;1997-06-29 22:09:00;15 minutes;Summary : One object, triangular (V-shaped) with 3 yellow lights, one at center of the V and one on each side at the end, with red lights at each side in between center yellow light and each side light On Sunday evening, June 29, 1997, my husband and I were getting ready to go to bed.  It was approximately 10:09 p.m.  Suddenly all the dogs in the neighborhood started barking and my husband went outside to see what all the commotion was about.  He ran back in the house yelling for me to come and look.  I went out on our front porch and looked up into the sky to where my husband was pointing.  There was an object in the sky to the north, it was heading south.  At first I thought, so what, there's an airplane in the sky.  Then the object stopped and hovered in one place, it then slowly began to move back and forth, from north to south, then south to north, north to south, south to north, for about 8 or 9 minutes.  Suddenly the object shot straight up into sky then stopped and hovered. At this point I began to get the chills.  Suddenly three rays of white light shot out from this object in a downward direction.  The object continued to hover for another minute or so, then the !beams disappeared and the object began to move back and forth again (north, south, north, south).  The object then came directly toward us, heading south, and flew over us.  Until it was directly over us  there was absolutely no sound whatsoever.  When it was directly over us, you could hear an engine-type noise.  When it was directly over us, it appeared to be an airplane, but I have never seen an airplane move the way this object moved.  Nor have the dogs in my neighborhood ever barked at an airplane.  It was bizarre.  What the heck was it?  I don't know how far away it was.  I would say it definitely was not as far away as the stars or anything, guessing I would say maybe about 1500-2000 feet in the air.We live in a semi-rural desert area.  My husband and I are in our early 40's.  I have been a paralegal for 15 years, he trains horses.If you wish to contact me please use my Email address.  I would very much like to know what I saw.  I don't know much about  the latest in military airplanes and all that, and if the military is capable of making airplanes that can move like this, I sure would like to know.  On the other hand, if this was a UFO I would like to know that too.  Thanks!;33.8874;-111.9508
Triangular pattern of 3 moving lights north of Phoenix.;2001-04-17 21:24:00;30 seconds;Triangular pattern of 3 moving lights north of Phoenix. While observing in the Big Dipper region thru my 10x50 finderscope on my telescope, a triangular pattern of 3 points of light passed thru the field of view. I was able to follw them for approx. 30 seconds. The points of light were similar in brightness to satellites and moved from the north to the south.  I had a CCD camera attached to the main instrument and I snapped a 2 second exposure which shows streaking objects moving against a background of still stars. The pattern did not appear to be a solid object since the area between the moving stars showed background starts.  The appearance was that of 3 satellites flying in formation. The points of light left no trails and the light appeared to be reflective and not emitted. ((NUFORC Note:  We have received other reports of these lights.  We suspect they are satellites, possibly launched by the U. S. Navy, for surveillance purposes.  Other, similar reports may appear within a few weeks of this date they usually are reported for up to a month before they disappear from orbit.  PD));33.8874;-111.9508
