I saw a flashing light move in all directions across the sky, then in a final bright flash it was gone.;2001-05-24 22:00:00;about 10 minutes;I saw a flashing light move in all directions across the sky, then in a final bright flash it was gone. It was about 10:00 last night, and I walked outside to smoke a cigarette.  I saw what I thought was an airplane off in the distance.  It was too far to make out a shape, and all I saw was a flashing light. It was heading south bound at a pretty high rate of speed when i just stopped and started heading north bound.  Again, it stopped and just sat there.  I went inside to get my grandmother just to make sure I wasn't seeing things.  When she came outside, it was still sitting in the same spot, and after about 3 or 4 minutes it began to move up and down.  We were both perplexed as to what could be flying like this, so we went and got my step mother.  She too thought it was weird. It was flying in very odd patterns. like zig zags, and in circles, and straight up and down.  They finally got bored with watching it, but I stayed outside.  It had been blinking the whole time, but after about 4 minutes of them going inside, it had an extremely bright flash and it was gone.;35.1312;-84.0388
One star appeared to get larger in diameter and was coming straight down.;2005-12-27 23:30:00;30 seconds;About 3 years ago right after Christmas I saw what I now believe to be a UFO. At  about 11:30 pm my brother and I were outside watching for shooting stars. One star appeared to get larger in diameter and was coming straight down. We both moved back in our  chairs  because it looked as if it were coming at us. Then it stopped and  went back up and got smaller and then  shot off to the south and then just disappeared. I was very fast may 20 seconds.;35.1312;-84.0388
Three Star like non-blinking lights moving South to North, One Changes Direction to South East.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-05-03 21:40:00;21:40 to 21:55;Three Star like non-blinking lights moving South to North, One Changes Direction to South East I went outside to get some air.  I was looking up at the sky, checking out the moon (I was facing south and then I looked up and to the left)  Saw a plane flying from South to North, blinking white light and red light.  (I was in the USAF for 8 years, and am very familiar with aircraft lights, landing lights, aircraft size, etc.)  Started looking at the direction of Venus and then I saw one bright small light, to the left of Venus, moving from South to North. It caught my eye because it was not blinking, just steady light.  I followed it from South over Venus, and then to the North.  Then it disappeared to the North.  I turned and looked to the left at the moon, and that back in the direction of Venus (as I looked at the moon, Venus was to my direct right).  I saw another (second) steady small light travelling north.  Steady light, no blinking lights. Then about a half mile behind it, since it was way off in the distance and looked way above the clouds 4 to 5K feet or more, another (third)steady white small star light like moving from South to North.  This time the first light made a round turn from North to East and then South East.  The Second light continued straight and went out of sight.  I followed the first light as it headed Southeast and disappeared above the clouds.  All three lights were constantly steady no blinking lights near or on it, just steady white light. Seemed very strange to me.  Not a satellite since the second one clearly changed direction. Speed was constant on all separate 3 lights.  All 3 lights were at least a mile or so apart.  Although the first light was vastly separate (in distance and time, about 5 minutes time went by from the first one until I saw the second two.;35.1312;-84.0388
