Saw sphere shaped, mirror like craft moving through field low to ground and very slowly . Craft was randomly shining light onto ground ;1999-11-21 01:30:00;3 minutes;Saw sphere shaped, mirror like craft moving through field low to ground and very slowly . Craft was randomly shining light onto ground below it. Driving northbound on I-75 towards Lima, Ohio. We were just south of mile marker 117. Conditions were foggy and dark. Noticed mirror sphere like object moving slowly through a field just east of the highway. Object became noticed when the ground beneath it was lit up. There was no visible source on the craft as to where the light was coming from. The object was noticed as mirror like due to the fact that the ground was being reflected off of it when the light would activate. Unknown on the exact distance of the craft but it was fairly close. I pulled onto the shoulder where I could observe the object better. The object was moving southbound very slowly. The light would activate randomly and had no particular pattern. The light was no particular color and you could detect movement by the reflection off of the object while the light was on. When there was no light from the craft you could barely see it due to the fog but you could make out faintly the outline of the top portion. Traffic was sparse and other cars/trucks passed but no one had stopped. After a few minutes the passenger of my vehicle rolled down his window. We could hear no sounds but could still see the object. It them simultaneously lit up and area of trees to the north of us and the area where we were parked on the shoulder. The lights went off and the object left at a moderate speed north bound over the tree area it had just lit up. You could actually see the fog flow around it as it moved and thats when we got a good look at it. It had no visible windows or lights on its surface. It was smooth and shiny. The object faded out of view. We drove off slowly up the highway to see if we could pick it up again. But we had not seen any other lights ect...;40.7395513615028;-84.1410552112666
