Two small Sphere shaped crafts that were zigzagging while flying quickly through the air. (Metalic, shinny surface);2002-03-21 00:00:00;30 seconds;Two small Sphere shaped crafts that were zigzagging while flying quickly through the air. (Metalic, shinny surface) It was late morning/early afternoon when me and my mom looked out the sliding glass door to see two shinny, metalic, and some what whitish spheres zip by. There was no time to grab the cam corder, plus the objects were going very fast and were about half a mile to a mile in the distance. I then ran outside to get a better look, but as I opened the door a faint sound (that was strange) filled my ears. I was exited but the phone rang just after they appeared (10-15 seconds) and my mother ran to awnser it. In a matter of 30 seconds or less the two craft were gone. More on the crafts style of flying, The two craft were zigzagging as they flew. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous.  PD));28.6536628543501;-81.2022344086027
A spherical object, approximately 60' in diameter, moving with jet-like speed and precision.;2014-07-06 16:00:00;10 seconds;A spherical object, approximately 60' in diameter, moving with jet-like speed and precision. July 6th around 4pm, I was in the backyard manning the bbq.  During this time of day in Central Florida, the cumulus clouds build and bloom up into the sky.   So as I flipped burgers I also kept an eye to the sky to watch the building cloud activity.  I noticed a group of black crows flying about as high as I have ever seen them fly, so I was just watching the black crows riding the updrafts I caught sight of what I thought was a dark jet aircraft flying horizontally above the cloud tops.  However, the jet was not what I expected.  Once I started to get a good look at it I became confused.  It was a perfect sphere shape.  A metallic sheen like polished LEAD.  I could not see any wings, just a round sphere object moving like a jet aircraft, straight on a path, then it slowed to nearly a full stop and took an unexpected turn downward tracing the outline of the cloud as it descended thousands of feet. I was wearing my polarized prescription sun glasses, and again I could not see any indications of wings. There was no noise at all, not a whisper and I was well within distance to hear a prop engine or jet.  When this craft took the downward turn it was diving at a faster speed, then it actually slowed down at the bottom of its dive and took a reverse angle turn into the cloud.  A human pilot would have blacked out from that maneuver. Approximate time of viewing the flight path was about 10 to 15 sec.  I kept staring at the cloud for the eventual exit with the assumed normal flightpath of a normal aircraft, but it never made an exit from the cloud.  I gave up seeing it again and I took the hotdogs off the grill and promptly went into the house to tell the family what I saw and after lunch drew up a photo illustration.  I used a photo taken from the same spot of a cloud very similar to the one with this craft. It was a good reference because it had a jet airliner in the scene and I could relate all drawing elements to that.   Lately, I used my skills as an animator to re-enact the scene as an animation.  The animation is very, very accurate to what I saw that day.  The animation plays several times allowing you to see it again and again.   Note:  I was a Security Police in the USAF and I am very familiar with all types of military aircraft.  This craft was not anything familiar.  Also Cape Canaveral is perhaps 35 miles away from this object's position.;28.6536628543501;-81.2022344086027
