helicopter like body, jet plane wings, miniature jet;2009-11-08 20:17:00;4 minutes;helicopter like body, jet plane wings, miniature jet I am a 18 yr old male, high school graduate, college student. I have always been somewhat skeptical about UFOs, but until the night of November 8th 2009 (I believe) I saw something completely incredible!  I was walking out of my girlfriends house to kiss her good night at around 8:12 pm. We looked across the lake up towards the mountains and noticed what seemed to be two sets of headlights (meaning four headlights total)  coming through the sky( I thought it was coming down the mountain but that was about 6 miles away) my girlfriend too thought it was a car way off in the distance, so she walked inside. I stood there for a few moments noticing the lights getting closer and closer.  I noticed a man jog by as I was staring at these lights, which were now only 100 yards away from me and getting closer.a sound of a VERY HIGH PITCHED jet engine came closer and closer(it was so high pitched it was almost a whistle) by this time I was looking straight up in the sky a! t this thing directly overhead me. It had a helicopter shaped body but with wings that were slanted downwards at a slight angle, and at the end of these wings were large “fans” which appeared to be angled down causing the fans to act as propellers. But under the main body was a jet (meaning I saw a small flame shooting out of the bottom which was maybe 2ft long) the object in question seemed to be about 30 ft long with a twenty foot wingspan and was only flying 50 FT OVER THE TREELINE. It proceeded to keep its pace which seemed to be about 100-150 mph  I then ran into my girlfriends house screaming and yelling when I told them what I saw and heard thet were amazed because they couldnt hear this thing fly over. In all my experience living around planes, I have NEVER seen anything like this…the guy who was jogging said he thought it was a low flying B12 bomber or something…but it wasn’t that big. I don’t know if this is alien craft but It looked man made…but either way it was! unidentified. There were no blinking lights just one light on! the bot tom and the four “headlights”. this is not a joke or scam. You may Email me at ((e-mail address deleted));40.2988;-121.2278
