Series of lights in California desert.;2017-06-06 20:15:00;3-5 seconds;series of lights in California desert. While driving east on S22 in San Diego county, passing by the Borrego Valley Airport, myself and another party in our vehicle witness a series of perhaps 6-8 lights appear in the sky ahead of us.  As there was no proper perspective, the lights could have been far away or maybe as close as five miles.  This is an unknown.   The lights were as bright as headlights and white in color.  (The other witness thought they were yellowish.)  They appeared to be moving slowly from south to north together as a unit so I assumed they were one object.  The lights faded, blinked out, or shut off in a few seconds.  I have witnessed many flare drops but they last much longer than five seconds. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) No, Peter, I have seen many, many military flare drops.  At first, I thought this was possible but the sighting was too short of duration for flares.  Flares last many minutes.  The lights appeared before us on the higway and disappeared in 3-5 seconds.  Also, the location (in or about the north Salton Sea area) is not a usual military training ground.  However as you suggested, they could have been farther away, perhaps over the Chocolate Mts., which IS a restricted govt bombing range.  Still, the short duration and the appearance that they were traveling south to north makes me dismiss that. The other witness says that I posted the wrong time.  She said it was more like 8:15 pm, not 9:15, as I reported.  That could be correct.  She also assumed that they were over Font's Point, a spot about 5-7 miles from our observation site, but I informed her of the perspective issue.  We just could no tell.  Five miles, or 25 miles? I also have some experience with viewing sky divers, as our airport (Borrego Valley) hosts the Canadian Army paratroopers twice per year.  They specialiize in night jumping, BUT they do it to practice in the dark.  THEY do not use flares.  They are all about surprising the enemy.  As I said there were 6-8 lights in a straight row.  Unlikley that jumpers could execute this so perfectly I researched the local news, MUFON, and the web in general, and have yet to see another report coinciding with mine.  I also have a small ad hoc group of local buffs.  We call ourselves the Dessert UFO Group, DUG.  No members reported anything.  I assume that you did not get a second report of this?  As I have told you in the past, I observe the  sky nightly and have become accustomed to what aircraft, with their landing lights and position lights look like.  This was not that.  The desert sky was clear so I think I can dismiss any atmosperic interference with my vision. Another mystery along with so many others. ((END ADDENDUM));33.2392;-116.3502
5 lights in a row moving west to east;2019-11-11 17:55:00;1 min;5 lights in a row moving west to east. 5 lights in row moving west to east.;33.2392;-116.3502
