i was driving home and saw an enormous cigar shaped metallic object fying torward my vehicle at about 100 ft off the road;2000-04-09 16:30:00;5-6 hours;i was driving home and saw an enormous cigar shaped metallic object fying torward my vehicle at about 100 ft off the road I was on my way home from church when I my car died. I happened to look up and coming straight at me was a metallic pinkish object shaped like a cigar. Light was glowing off of it and it was going more than 100 miles an hour. It stopped right in front of my car and that was the last thing I remembered before I woke up. I have flashes of memory that I seem to recall being held to a table but I couldn't feel any straps or restraints. I was very very cold and I heard a high-pitched buzzing the entire time. When I came to I was laying in the backseat of my car. I could smell a burning smell like the wires in my car were fried. It was dark and when I got home it was about 4 and a half hours later. I went to sleep and slept for about 14 hours. Just yesterday I noticed I had 2 bright red scars running parallel to each other along my back. I read somewhere that unexplainable scars or missing time were 2 sure signs of abduction so... I really was sceptical at first but now I'm grateful for people like you helping us.;34.5345911504425;-93.025678761062
A large very fast moving craft. It had four bright white lights in a row angled downward. At first the lights looked like there were st;2000-04-27 22:15:00;10-20 seconds;A large very fast moving craft. It had four bright white lights in a row angled downward. At first the lights looked like there were straight across, but then they looked like they were angled downward. The craft appeared to be spinning. Last night as I was driving up Malvern Ave, entering Hot Springs, I saw appear from my left a very bright object. It was on the Horizon line that is defined by the sky and mountian. There is a radio tower  on the horizon to the left and the Hot Springs Tower to the right up on the Mountain. This is the flight path for planes going to the airport, and I always see planes going up and down between the tower and the radio tower. Also on the mountian above there are cars that drive along the mountian, and sometimes for a few seconds you can see the headlights or tail-lights, and it looks weird if you you don't know what it is. But this was not a plane or a car. It was twice the size of a plane, and I was a few miles away. If I held up my thumb at arms lenth, my thumbnail was about the same size as what I saw. As the object flew from the radio tower toward Hot Springs tower it flew very fast. It made it in about five seconds. And when it was by the Hot Springs tower, which glows with a few orange window lights, and looks like a UFO at night. It hovered a few seconds and was about the same size as the lights in the windows of the tower. It was a little bit away from the tower, and I could see the four bright window lights twinkling. The craft appeared to be spinning. I have seen simular objects appearing just over the mountians. Once I saw the object and the four lights kind of angled downward. As I looked at it a few seconds, long enough for me to think I know that's no plane! it blinked out.;34.5345911504425;-93.025678761062
