Three objects that turned into four objects.;1997-08-28 00:10:00;15 min;Three objects that turned into four objects. At or around 10 after midnight I came home from work(I work as a Dispatcher for the Garland Co Sheriff's Dept)I went to take the dogs out. It was a cool night quiet night on a Sunday when I looked in the sky to my left I saw a small orange object about the size of a quarter moving fairly slow almost due west. I didn't think much about it because was heading toward the airport. I watched it fly away then I saw another.it was closer about the size of a coffee sauser flying in the same direction, it was orange almost translucent and round. I was watching it and it dawned on me...no sound at all. It was moving slowly from the ground it looked about 20 miles an hour. At this point I ran inside to get my roommate. When we got back out side we watched it for about a min before it flew over the mountin. I was watching for more to my left when my roommate yelled what the hell is that! when I turned to my right the same orange color but it was about the size of the early full moon flying over the house next door(we were about 20 feet from the house next door) It shook me up no sound what so ever. While we were standing there watching it it split into two seperat circles and started flying side by side. At this point I ran in the house and grabed the phone and called the police department and ran back outside.I ask them to see if they had an officer in the area just to see if they could see it but they blew me off, so I called the Sheriff's dept but there was no one in the area where the lights were going. After the what ever it was went over the mountin there were no more. The next day when I went to work I was talking about the objects and the shift Sgt that was on the street that night(he was patroling north of where I saw the lights) said that about that same time his electric locks in his car started flicking back and forth for about 30 seconds.;34.5345911504425;-93.025678761062
This sighting was probably not worth reporting except for the Shuttle disaster happening so soon after.;2003-01-30 17:30:00;45 seconds;This sighting was probably not worth reporting except for the Shuttle disaster happening so soon after. I was driving and noticed 3 aircraft with short contrails to the southwest just above the horizon. The sun was already below the horizon but the sunlight lit up the contrails a brilliant white. The clear sky had a reddish hue near the horizon.  The three aircraft were flying different directions and the three flight paths formed a triangle.  I then noticed a very bright light in the center between the three planes. The light was circular and apparently motionless and seemed to be the same altitude as the planes.  The light had no contrail.  The planes were so distant that I observed no motion[only over a period of time as with a clock's minute hand].  This event occurred approximately over where Texas,Louisiana,and Arkansas meet, near where the debris from the Shuttle Columbia fell about 60 hours later.;34.5345911504425;-93.025678761062
