Flat, agile.;2016-08-22 21:25:00;3 hours;Flat, agile. My friend and I went out to the pier to fish because it wouldn't be crowded with tourists.  My friend and I are the only ones out on the pier.   We were fishing for about 15 minutes until my friend tells me to look at the top of the hill.   We see a light and the light begins to flicker and it slowly goes vertical.   The object then goes from that side of the mountain all the way over to the opposite side of the island.  There were multiple flat objects using green lights, red lights, and white lights.  There was no possible way a drone or a plane could have been in and out of such altitudes with such speeds.   I took multiple videos and pictures we are not making this up please contact me as soon as possible so I can send out the pictures.  We witnessed three flat incredibly versatile objects in the sky forming an acute triangle.  Also, light patterns were very odd and uncommon.  This was not a typical plane coming in.   I contacted my dad while I was watching this entire th! ing and he gave me the link to contact you.  My friend and I are freaking out on the pier looking for ANYBODY, so we decided to leave the pier and head back to our condo and watch on the balcony.  On the balcony we had the best view to witness these absurdly agile non-commercial crafts or saucers or whatever the proper term is.  Our families go to Catalina Island every year and this island is a hotspot for extraterrestrial activity.  It is commonly known to have naval activity and military activity behind Avalon (the main city).  These crafts had the ability to go vertical within a second and reach speeds I have never seen.  There was not just one of these we saw around 4-5 of these on our balcony.  These crafts began circling each other in the air, and two crafts continuously came at each other from the opposite sides of the island and right when it looks like they are about to hit they stop immediately and begin flying synchronized.  Feel free to give me a call so I can chronologically explain the story.;33.3328;-118.3481
