Triangle.;2002-07-23 22:15:00;30sec.;Triangle.   ((NUFORC Note:  Not other data provided by witness.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note 2:  Original report did not download to the database because of a break in the original data on the Online Report Form.  We have manually entered the data originally provided by the witness.  We apologize to the witness, who has resubmitted a second report, which appears in the database for July 23, 2002.  PD)) I was on vacation on the Island of Catalina staying in the city of Avalon towards the back of the town in a condo unit that my family me have rented each year during the last month of July to take part in a 60 mile running event called the Tour 'D' Catalina for the past  9 years.   Out unit is way in the back on the side of a big hill, it is much darker than most parts of town due to very little light..  On Tues. July 23rd. at just past 10:15p.m on are very big deck area the kids in out group were making their beding for the night when one of the girls yells, look a UFO, with her on the deck our two other 18yr. old girls, this girl is 14 yrs old., her father and me step outside and look to the what seems like the south, west, to see a flying Triangle with very bright red lights  covering all parts of the outside of this flying V with white lights just to the inside of the red lights. The wing size was big, very big, Being a runner I think in terms of how far to go, This was how big, Maybe 300 yrd. to 1/4 mile each part of the two wings that made up the V or Triangle. In the center was a bright white circle. It made no sound, it looked to move  very slow passing to the very dark side of the Island and into open ocean area for the next 2000 miles or more. I went to the local police dept. the next day but there was no reports of wha we saw.  One of the members of my group told a frined who told him that in Arizona in 1998, this same shape was seen in the skys.;33.3328;-118.3481
Very, very, big slow flying Triangle with flasing red lights covering the outside edge of each of the two wings that made up the Triang;2002-07-23 22:30:00;30sec.;Very, very, big slow flying Triangle with flasing red lights covering the outside edge of each of the two wings that made up the Triang I had submited this report on about 7-27-02 and must have made a mistake that prevented the posting of my report. At the time that I reported seeing a slow flying Triangle(7-23) I did not check you're listings of other reports for 7-23-02 and in the days that followed I now count 12 reports as of today (8-4-02)) of people seeing the same flying object in the sky that night. It was about 10:30p.m when one of our  kids in our group were out on our deck of our  vacation condo in the back part of Avalon, on Catalina Island. I was inside my bedroom when I hear one on the 3 girls on the deck yell, look a UFO as I walked out onto our deck I look  to the south and see a very, very, large slow moving V and the outside of each of the two wings are flasing red lights, just to the inside of that edge of lights I see white lights all very close together and again flashing. It seemed to have afew circles of lights that were in the center that were rotating in white. We were on the side of very step set of hills that reachs 1600 to the south west of us, so inside of 30 sec. we lost sight of this flying Triangle with the hills blocking our view. The next day I went to the loacl police station in Avalon and they had no reports of this object seen on 7-23-02 at about 10:30. Being told that they had no reports the members of my running club had fun the next day on the becah and run making all the jokes about what I reported seeing. I,m thankful to one of our members who told me to go on-line and see what I could find. With the reports for 7-23 staring London, England Occurred time:0015 to reports from Sequoia National Park, from the Tehachapi mts. to Valencia,CA. to the San Fernando Valley to West Hills, Reseda, Santa Monica, to Marina del Rey, into the flight take runway at LAX (for all who would say that it was  One of ours being tested) think that our government would get near LAX after all the problems that took place on 7-4-02  to two reports on Catalina Island seeing it slowing fly into open ocean for the next few thousand miles of open dark skys I cannot hlep put ponder this  thought! What would it look like in the day light? It take my breath away thinking what we all saw that night must be parked some place in the daylight. What a thought for all of you who saw it, Thanks to all of you for you're reports, they helped me get through this.;33.3328;-118.3481
