Black Triangle spotted above highway 495. Nearly identical to the Belgian UFO photo from the 90's.;2018-02-08 18:30:00;1 minute;Black Triangle spotted above highway 495. Nearly identical to the Belgian UFO photo from the 90's. Driving home from work at approximately 6:30 PM EST down highway 495 south in Bolton, MA, I saw some very bright white lights up over the highway ahead of me off to the left.  I thought they were landing lights from a plane coming toward me.  It was probably about 500' ft. up and moving very slow.  From left to right it looked like a about four lights strung together in a row, but were wider than what looked like a typical smaller aircraft at a low altitude.   As I got closer, the object kept moving off to the left, and then it seemed like there were three very bright lights moving together in a tight formation.  I tried to think if maybe they were helicopters or maybe military planes, but they were too low, slow and tight together.   Then, the light furthest to the left disappeared.  Thinking it may be moving behind a cloud, I waited for the other two lights to disappear too.  Not so.   By now I had pulled up parallel to object which was to my left.  The whole time I kept wai! ting to see the reveal of the flashing of the tell-tale FAA lights as I moved past the angle of the landing lights.  Now having seen this object from more than one angle there were absolutely no flashing FAA lights whatsoever.  I could now see that these three lights must have been something flying in formation.  Then I saw a red light appear between the three white lights.  Thinking this was now debunked I realized the red light in the middle wasn't flashing but slowly pulsing.  Dimming and getting brighter.  At this point I could see I was looking up underneath the craft.  The three white lights were in the shape of a perfect triangle with the red light smack in the middle.  I could make out from the backdrop in the sky that this was a solid, triangular craft.  It was hard to see but definitive.  The white lights on the corner of the triangle were rounded and not sharp.  I could also see underneath the craft it had sort of dim metallic shine but it was faint.  This object looked exactly like the photo of the Belgian wave black triangle seen in the 90's  There were NO flashing FAA lights on this craft anywhere.  I have been an amateur UFO enthusiast for years and have learned to debunk about 99.9% of most sightings. I am a skeptical believer and have maybe seen 2-3 interesting things in the sky before that I couldn't debunk but were unusual.  This was a legit sighting of a UFO by definition.  Please feel free to reach out with any questions.;42.4368;-71.6115
