Country side sighting of 4 UFOS with 4 witnesses.;1997-06-20 23:00:00;25-30 minutes;Country side sighting of 4 UFOS with 4 witnesses. Some friends and I were driving down a country road one summer surrounded by farms and cow fields.  We stopped the car and were just hanging out like teenagers do.  Out of no where i hear my buddy who was standing about 80 ft away start yelling and pointing up above him.  I looked over and immediately saw an oval shaped craft hovering COMPLETELY silent about 50 ft directly above his head.  It looked mettallic against the night sky with a rotating red light beneath it that was revolving in a circular motion.  It was completely still.  My jaw dropped. I ran towards my buddy and the object in complete shock and curiousity.  The two girls we were with saw it as well and paniced.  They started screaming and crying for us to leave and ran to car.  My friend and i however were nore intersted in watching it or trying to communicate with it.  As soon as i got to where my friend was standing the object shot thru the sky so fast to another point (which looked about a mile away)! that it appeared to disappear then reappear.  Once it reappered of in the distance we observed there were 2 more just like it!  They moved thru the air as if they were dancing following no particular direction.  Just moving erratically.  We stood and watched in awe for about 20 minutes until they all flew in one direction which we then noticed a larger craft that appeared to be triangle shaped with three huge bright white light at each point.  The three smaller craft (appearing as red lights at this distance now) seemed to circle around the triangle as if it was thier mothership?  They appeared to become part of the big triangle one and then split off again and again.  We watched this dance for a few more minutes in disbelief before all the objects seemed to shoot off or disappear.  One of the things that was strange is that we could hear dogs howling and barking for miles as if they were terrified or in pain?  If that makes any sense. We told everyone we knew thinking people would! be intersted, instead, we were ridiculed and made fun of.  So, we all pretty much never talked about it again.  I know what we saw. Im not crazy.  If i wouldve been alone i may have wondered if i was!  However i was with three other people who all saw the same thing.  I went back to the sight many nights after armed with a camera and patiently waited for hours sometimes but they never returned.  Most AMAZING thing ive ever experienced. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting may be approximate.  PD));35.0644;-89.6759000000001
