Orange ball-shaped object soaring fast across the sky in a NE direction.  Had no sound or blinking lights;1999-12-31 23:20:00;1 minute;Orange ball-shaped object soaring fast across the sky in a NE direction.  Had no sound or blinking lights As I arrived home from work I went inside to greet my family on December 31, 1999 NewYears Eve.  About 10 minutes later, my husband and I went outside onto our front porch after hearing some noisy people outside. To our astonishment, we had looked up into the sky and noticed a strange round object soaring through the sky going towards the NorthEast direction.  Strangely enough the object had no blinking lights like that of any type of airplane or hellicopter and no sound whatsoever.  My husband and I were speechless after putting together all of the facts known to us to conclude that this was very abnormal. I was so concerned I had to phone my mother and tell her the news and ask her if there was suppose to be any aircraft at all whatsoever that night.  Another odd aspect of our sighting, is that the object was going at a high rate of speed, slow down, and speed up again.  That night after a long night of hardly any sleep because of our strange and unusual feeling that this ! was just not right, my mother called me the very next morning to report to me that there was an article in the local newspaper that I was not the only one to have witnessed such a strange occurance.  One lady who was driving in the area was so astonished, she pulled over to dial 911.  This has certainly been the talk around town in the newspapers and radio shows but, nothing is known to what a large number of people with the same story has seen the night before the new year.  The National Weather Service concluded to knowing that there was no odd weather patterns in the sky.  The Greater Rockford Airport concluded that all air traffic was grounded that evening and nothing on radar.  The well respected policeman and firemen in this area who had seen this object concluded that it was something unother than they've ever seen before.  So my BIG question is WHAT THE HECK IS IT!  I need to know for my personal comfort.  In conclusion I have never seen or have been a witness to anyth! ing of this sort but, I do know that this was scary.;42.3294;-89.0325
circle object glided across sky with no sound;2004-07-20 01:00:00;20 seconds est.;circle object glided across sky with no sound I was looking into the sky around 1 a.m. looking for satelites (my hobby) I observed a circle object glide across the sky above me moving west to east. It was a circle object, dark in color, lights all the way around the bottom of the object. Absolutly no sound what so ever. It was rotating counter-clockwise. About a couple hundred feet above the ground. I watched it until i couldn't see it no more. It continued eastward. The sighting lasted aprox. 20 seconds.;42.3294;-89.0325
Orange circle moving west near river.;2012-08-20 20:20:00;5 minutes;Orange circle moving west near river. Observed a large orange circle at low to medium altitude moving slowly west.  Minimal cloud cover and object passed and blocked out several stars.  After slow movement for approx. 5 minutes dimmed and then disappeared.  No flashing or blinking lights observed.;42.3294;-89.0325
