Four unmoving, wide blue beams of light at night from sky to ground, with no light source.;2007-12-15 04:30:00;15 seconds;Four unmoving, wide blue beams of light at night from sky to ground, with no light source. In December of 2007 I had a newspaper delivery route that I did every night in my car for several years.  One night, around 4:30 am, I was doing my normal delivery route when I drove around a corner that approached a cul-de-sac.  Just as I turned the corner and was facing the cul-de-sac head on, I saw 4 wide blue beams of light that looked like they were coming from the sky to the ground, spanning the distance behind 2 of the homes at the end of the turn-around for the cul-de-sac.  I slammed on the breaks to stop and look at it because I couldn’t believe what I was seeing.  A few seconds after I stopped the lights disappeared as if someone flicked a light switch. All 4 beams were cut off at the top at an even level, so I have to assume they were actually coming from the sky to the ground.  I couldn’t see anything in the sky above the beams, there was no noise, and none of the homes had any lights on anywhere.  Behind the homes was a wooded area with no other homes built up behind them.  I can’t explain what I saw, and I have no other witnesses to it other than my Pit Bull that I took with me on my route, and she’s not talking.  I’ve never told anyone about it because I know how people react when you tell them about strange stuff like this, so I kept my mouth shut all these years, but it has been driving me crazy to this day wondering what I saw.  I had that route for 2 years and have never seen it again, but it always used to creep me out having to deliver to those houses after that. I’ve never heard of anyone reporting a sight like that yet.  I’ve heard of maybe one beam of light, but not 4 all at the same time, the same width and height, and all instantly shutting off at once.  But the beams were a very bright blue and almost looked solid.  You couldn’t see through them.  Even the trees in the background couldn’t be seen.  The beams had a slight V-shape to them, with the widest point at the top.  They didn’t disappear into the sky, but seemed to have a source about 20 ft. above the homes, all leveled off at the same height, but I couldn’t see anything above the homes that would have been shining down or a light source.  It was just black night sky.  It all happened so fast that it felt like when I came around that corner and stopped and how everything suddenly shut off so fast, that it was something that wasn’t supposed to have been witnessed.  I’m just curious if anyone else has ever seen anything like it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.3294;-89.0325
Object Photographed Near Loves Park Illinois;2018-06-07 11:36:00;Very quickly;Object Photographed Near Loves Park Illinois June 7th 2018 Loves Park, Illinois 61111 11:36 AM CDT   I bought a Canon T6I camera the day before.  So I wanted to test it out and saw the moon was in the sky during the daytime to my W/SW. So I took a few photographs of the moon. I snapped a few photos in rapid succession  When I took the photos of the moon, I did not see the objects with my naked eye. When I uploaded the photos to the PC, that is when I noticed the objects. I sent the main photo of interest (IMG_0084)   So it was my 84th photo of the camera. I also sent the photo before and after, so you can see the exif information and see these are straight from the camera and un-edited. Photo IMG_0084  I was taking a photo of the moon.  There is 1 visible object just to the upper left of the moon. If you put it into an editing software, you can see there is 3 objects total. 1 visible, 2 not visible. As you can see in the photo before and after, you can see the photos were shot in rapid succession and the times and exif info of the photos. So you can see these are unedited. They only appeared in the one photo. As for what it may be, I do not know. But figured you might be interested   I am going to email you the photos via email.;42.3294;-89.0325
