Me and my friend were traveling down I-75 towards Arcadia, Fl. when we saw a very bright pulsating white light hovering in a clearing, ;1997-05-23 04:00:00;3 minutes;Summary : Me and my friend were traveling down I-75 towards Arcadia, Fl. when we saw a very bright pulsating white light hovering in a clearing, after we passed it going 70 mph it began to follow us traveling just above the treeline, even after we went over a hill it still was behind us. It was blinking slower than an aircraft strobe light so I know that it was'nt any type of airplane, especially because there was no visible wings or fuselage. The light was so bright that it was lighting up the sky all around it. I followed for about 3 minutes and than quickly acclerated towards a small town and disappeared.  Me and my friend who are both college students, I am 21 he is 25 were traveling down I-75 northbound towards Arcadia, Fl on the way to a camping trip, it was early Saturday at about 4:00 am when we saw a very bright pulsating white light hovering in a clearing, after we passed it going 70 mph it began it rise up and began to follow us traveling just above the treeline,there was no smoke trail or any sign of a purpolsion sytem. It seemed to be only a couple of feet in diameter, with no discernable shape. Throughout the entire sighting it kept at the exact same distance on the other side of the Interstate heading towards the oncoming traffic, even after we went over a hill it still was behind us. It was blinking slower than an aircraft strobe light so I know that it was'nt any type of airplane, especially because there was no visible wings or fuselage. The light was so bright that it was lighting up the sky all around it. I followed for about 3 minutes and than quickly acclera! ted towards a small town and disappeared.;27.1763619047619;-81.8779333333333
Blue/yellowish blinking light in the western sky of SW Central Florida;2007-04-04 21:45:00;nightly;Blue/yellowish blinking light in the western sky of SW Central Florida I live in SW Central Florida, and every night I sit on my screened in porch which faces the west.  A couple weeks back, I looked up into the sky for stars, and there was a tiny blinking blue & yellowish light that zipped around, up & down, and side to side.  The first time I saw it, I thought it was a star, but then noticed the blinking blue/yellowish light, which ruled out the star.  Then, I thought maybe it was a plane or helicopter, but then realized it was too high in the sky.  I then thought maybe it was a light from a transmitter tower, but, it kept moving in odd patterns with no regulated motion.  It almost moved like a fly or mosquito does in flight, and appeared to be as *tiny* up in the sky.  It’s visible after dark,  stays in the sky for a good length of time, maybe an hour or more, then it will slowly motivate it’s way higher & higher, zig zagging in different motions until it disappears by about 11pm - midnight.  Last night (04/11/07), it was a rainy night with hazy cloud coverage…and this *object* played it’s usual game of zip here, zip there…but, it was also zipping in & out of the clouds as if it was playing hide & seek.  I am NOT saying it IS a UFO, as it is TOO high in the sky to really tell WHAT it is…but, it is NOT something that I can explain by logic of things I’ve seen (I really don’t even *believe* in UFO’s, *as *they are referred to ’spaceships for Aliens’).  So, I was just wondering if anyone else MIGHT know WHAT it is???  Maybe something the military is doing, or perhaps a satellite.  I don’t have any other witnesses, as I live alone.  And, I don’t have a telescope that I can use to get a closer look, and I don't believe *visible* pictures would prove anything.  I was just wondering if any one else has seen it, or knows WHAT it IS!;27.1763619047619;-81.8779333333333
Update on previous report: RE: Blue/yellowish blinking light in the western sky of SW Central Florida;2007-04-04 21:45:00;UPDATE;Update on previous report: RE: Blue/yellowish blinking light in the western sky of SW Central Florida I live in SW Central Florida, and every night I sit on my screened in porch which faces the west. A couple weeks back, I looked up into the sky for stars, and there was a tiny blinking blue & yellowish light that zipped around, up & down, and side to side. The first time I saw it, I thought it was a star, but then noticed the blinking blue/yellowish light, which ruled out the star. Then, I thought maybe it was a plane or helicopter, but then realized it was too high in the sky. I then thought maybe it was a light from a transmitter tower, but, it kept moving in odd patterns with no regulated motion. It almost moved like a fly or mosquito does in flight, and appeared to be as *tiny* up in the sky. It’s visible after dark, stays in the sky for a good length of time, maybe an hour or more, then it will slowly motivate it’s way higher & higher, zig zagging in different motions until it disappears by about 11pm - midnight.  Last night (04/11/07), it was a rainy night with hazy cloud coverage, and this *object* played it’s usual game of zip here, zip there, but, it was also zipping in & out of the clouds as if it was playing hide & seek. I am NOT saying it IS a UFO, as it is TOO high in the sky to really tell WHAT it is, but, it is NOT something that I can explain by logic of things I’ve seen (I really don’t even *believe* in UFO’s, *as *they are referred to ’spaceships for Aliens’). So, I was just wondering if anyone else MIGHT know WHAT it is??? Maybe something the military is doing, or perhaps a satellite. I don’t have any other witnesses, as I live alone. And, I don’t have a telescope that I can use to get a closer look, and I don't believe *visible* pictures would prove anything. I was just wondering if any one else has seen it, or knows WHAT it IS! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));27.1763619047619;-81.8779333333333
Flying in a Cessna 182 North of LaBelle VOR, encounter strange light not on radar.;2012-11-05 19:15:00;15 minutes;Flying in a Cessna 182 North of LaBelle VOR, encounter strange light not on radar. Just spent 20 minutes on the phone with Miami ARTCC (Center) would love anyone's insight here.  Bear with me, kind of a long, detailed story:  Flew back from FXE to TPF direct with my student tonight.  All of the Avon Park MOA's and Restricted areas were active/hot, and we could see about 6 F-16's (as per Miami center) dog fighting and practicing intercept procedures at 7000' and above. Upon clearing the MOA and due east of Arcadia, what appeared to be a LED landing light abruptly popped on just above the cloud layer and immediately caught our attention.  It appeared to be about 500ft below us, at our 2 o'clock and figured about 5-7 miles, and looked as if it might be in conflict in a few minutes.  The light then started flashing, presumably because he saw us up ahead crossing and wanted to make his position known.  I turned on our landing and taxi light of the 182 to acknowledge, yet this other aircraft kept turning this light on at odd and random intervals until he went dark for about a minute.  Fed up, I asked the Miami controller for a traffic advisory on the aircraft at our 2 o'clock and about 3-4 miles.  He responded that he didn't observe any traffic in the area.  A little puzzled, I asked him if he had any primary targets in the area and he told me to standby. A long 15 seconds passed by and the light appeared again!  This time it appeared to now be at our 1 o'clock but the light still pointed at us (?) and then quickly went out again.  The controller came back on and said that he had checked and rechecked his backup systems and assured me that there were NO primary(pure radar return) targets in the area.  Just when he said that, an aircraft behind us a few miles asked where we were, the controller told him, and that pilot reported that he was watching all of this happen AS well!  Then a third aircraft also chimed in and said he too was seeing the strange light and it was moving across the sky rapidly.  Three aircraft in all saw this.  The controller was completely bewildered at this point....needless to say, upon landing, I called up Miami Center. I talked on the phone for 20 minutes to the D-Side of the sector I was in, who turned out to be a supervisor and was training the R-Side.  He too was sufficiently freaked out and confused along with the rest of the guys on the floor.   He said that in his 27 years, he had odd occurrences like this every few years and they usually turned out to be flares IN the MOA but never in this location, intermittent, and underneath another aircraft moving laterally.  He thought that it was a UAV (which is of course illegal to operate in the NAS), and that if it was, it could have been much closer to our aircraft than we had thought (that's always comforting to hear) and it would also explain why it was not on their radar if it was small enough.  I chimed in and figured that it started turning its lights on and off in an effort to avoid us. This was not a flare or laser.  It changed position laterally and maintained its altitude.;27.1763619047619;-81.8779333333333
