Red/Orange lights Quartzsite to Phoenix;2005-11-10 17:30:00;90 minutes;Red/Orange lights Quartzsite to Phoenix I have many times witnessed unexplained objects in the sky, alone and with others, ever since I was a young child. I could tell of many sightings. The last sighting however was in Arizona. I work in telecommunications and I do a lot of traveling. This is a little out of date (Nov. 2005 date of the sightings) but I would like to share this with you because I read similar reports that occurred in Arizona.  My account lasted for an hour and a half. I had been out to Parker Dam working and was on my way back to Phoenix. When I got back on I-10 at Quartzsite, right at dusk, I noticed an orange/red light that illuminated out in open desert (South of I-10) that appeared to be no higher than a distant street light. When I saw it I knew that in that area there was nothing but desert. I watched it as I was driving and it faded out and disappeared. I wondered what it could have been but I had no idea. A few moments later on the left side of the highway (North of I-10) at a further distance and higher in the sky I saw another red/orange light, it appeared like it was turned on with a dimmer switch. It came on dim and increased to a bright illumination and inreverse went completely out. At this point I began watching. For the next hour as I was driving toward Phoenix I saw numerous red/orange lights appearing slowly then brightening only to slowly disappear as they appeared. Some of the lights appeared close and a few seconds after one would go out another would appear but at a much further distance and then close again. I called one of my co-workers and was telling him of what I was seeing. I called my wife back in Kentucky and was talking to her as I was witnessing the appearance and disappearance of these lights. Up to this point I was only seeing one light at a time sometimes they would be five minutes apart or as little as twenty seconds and would be miles apart. When I was east of Tonopah I saw one light come on and this time it stayed on. Then a second and third came on and just hovered. This time it was right! beside the interstate and I know others had to see them because there was steady traffic. These three lights were stationary and stayed on for close to a minute then they individually went off in the order they appeared. I stopped after these three came on and got out with my digital camera to see if I could get a picture but they went off before I had the chance. I waited for about twenty minutes and never saw them again that night. For an hour and a half I observed these lights. At first I thought possibly they could have been flares but realized after about the first twenty minutes these were definitely not flares. These lights came on and were stationary and at times great distance apart and seen for a stretch of 90 miles. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));33.7292;-114.1925
Line of about 15 lights, evenly but closely spaced.  ((NUFORC Note:  Cluster of Starlink satellites.  PD));2019-11-11 19:00:00;2 minutes;Line of about 15 lights, evenly but closely spaced, and at a constant altitude, moving north to south over Quartzsite, AZ In the evening of 11/11/19, we were sitting next to our RV at an RV park in Quartzsite. We were facing west. We had been sitting there for about 45 minutes when we noticed a well organized, straight line of lights proceeding from right to left, that is, north to south, against the black night sky. There was little separation among them, but they were discriminable.  They were traveling roughly at the speed of airplanes, but what was so striking was how many of the lights there were, and how they were quite well organized into a line. We weren’t sure we could see well all of the ones that were there, partly because the luminosity of some of the lights changed significantly, especially the first and perhaps 3rd and 4th lights, that grew in intensity, and then subsided to that of most of the others.  As they proceeded further south, they all grew dimmer, but some of the ones in the rear dimmed faster than some of the ones in the front.  This definitely was not a meteor of some kind leaving a trail, it was not a descending arc, and the separation among the lights appeared regular. They were flying at what appeared to be the same, level altitude the whole time they were visible.  We pointed them out to the folks sitting next to the RV behind us and they easily confirmed that they could see the same thing we were seeing, a line of what could have been around 15 easily visible lights, led by some that flared up brightly. Not all of the lead lights grew in intensity, just the first and possible the 3rd and 4th, maybe the 5th.  My husband and I disagree on exactly how long they were visible to us, but we watched them until they dimmed so much, apparently because they were more distant, that we could no longer see them. I suspect we could see them for about 1-2 minutes, maybe not even that long.  I attempted to take a video or photo, but the lights were too dim by the time I tried. They may always have been too dim to capture on an iPhone.;33.7292;-114.1925
