TRIANGLE flies over I 10 IN AZ.;1995-04-25 01:30:00;5minutes;TRIANGLE flies over I 10 IN AZ. I was driving my big truck on my way to L.A.from Phoenix Az. headed west on 10 not too far east of Quartzsite Az.when i looked to the north to see this triangular shaped huge craft with 3 lights-one at each point.  I watched it go across 10 headed south,when it got to the mountains just to the south of I 10 it shined what looked like a headlight because it lite up the whole mountains,this craft appeared to be about 1200 ft in the air. It was not very far above the mountains when it went over them. I did get on the CB and ask other drivers if they saw what i saw and about 10 guys responded and said they did see the same thing.    So if im the only report of this event i will be very suprised but i just wanted to finally report it!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.7292;-114.1925
See entry above.;2007-10-30 21:00:00;15-20+ minutes;See entry above. 4 July 2013    	In the late fall of 2007 and winter of 2008 I spent on BLM (Bureau of Land Management) land, just south of Quartzsite, Arizona.  The site I chose to set up my camp was right on the southern limit of the camping area so there was no obstruction to view other than cacti.  Several times each week and always at night I would see a large, right triangle shaped object at some distance.  It sported three red lights and emitted a low humming noise and move slowly.  This puzzled me for aircraft do not sport position lights in that configuration.  On fixed wing aircraft they are red on the left wing and green on the right one with a white anti-collision light mounted on top of and to the rear of the vertical stabilizer (tail). 	Judging the size of the object, distance from my location and its altitude was difficult as I had no point of reference.  It could have been a mile or two away or it could have been 20 or more miles distant.  Depending on the distance the object could have been 400 feet in length at the closer distance or much, much larger at the farther distance.  However, it seemed to be below 1000 feet above the ground. 	Initially, I paid little attention to it as I assumed it was military due to it's location, for south of where I was camping is the large Yuma Proving Grounds of the U.S. Army.  Logic said secret military aircraft but after years of hearing reports of UFOs being triangular in shape and having an associated humming noise, I'm inclined to think that what I saw was something unique. 		Was it a UFO?  Yes, positively!  I could not identify it and was therefore unknown and it was flying and it was an object.  Was it military?  Possibly.  Was it other worldly?  One might have suspicion of such. 	Was I hallucinating? No.  Was I under the influence of drugs or alcohol.  No. I eschew the former and seldom imbibe of the latter.  Am I flighty of nature and imagination?  No.  I am a former high school teacher plus I hold a commercial pilot license and am a certified flight instructor. 	So, what did I see?  Good question! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));33.7292;-114.1925
