I did not witness anything while I was shooting my photos,I took them blindly of the bright sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Lens flares.  PD));2016-07-17 16:00:00;Unknown;I did not witness anything while I was shooting my photos,I took them blindly of the bright sky. My friend was driving me home from Arizona to Palms Springs where I would meet a friend to take me home. As we drove, I was talking about how beautiful and bright the sun was.  My Samsung Galaxy 6 cell phone has always taken amazing pictures of the sky, ie: Moon, Sunrise, Sundown, etc.  I remember looking at the sky admiring the beautful sky and fluffy white and VERY BRIGHT white clouds.  I told my friend that I was going to take some pictures of the sky but could not look at it directly if I took them because the sun was extremely bright.  I turned towards her as she drove and shot about 10 blind photos never looking as I clicked my phone.  It was not until later that evening here at my parents in Sun City, California, that I reflected back on some of the pictures I had taken during my stay in Arizona.  As I was looking at the pictures of the sky and noticed a little glowing ball.  I zoomed in and noticed some beams coming down.  In another photo the clouds moved and I could see more clear that it had a green and blue color around it that changed its shape from a circle to a more oval! or saucer shape.  I am not sure what it is but to me it almost looks like I caught on my phone another world, universe or even another dimension.  I am not sending theses in for any recognition, I am honestly just curious as to what it could be... even if it's a unique picture of the moon. During the time that elapsed I was not able to send any text messages for about an hour.  My cell phone did not work to send some other pictures I had taken to a friend. I would like to add the images attached are my original pictures.  They have not been photo chopped or filtered for a more vivid appearance.  I did zoom in on two pictures for a clearer consensus for myself personally. Thank you for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  Most of the photos indicate small, round, green spheres.  They are lens flares, caused by pointing a camera at the Sun.  PD));33.7292;-114.1925
Witnessed many objects all enter at one point and all vanish at another in the western night sky.   ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-16 21:05:00;20+ minutes;witnessed many objects all enter at one point and all vanish at another in the western night sky My husband and I are retired seniors who spend the winter months dry camping in our RV out in the southern Arizona desert.  Totally off grid.  At night the sky is amazing.  We have no lighting to interfere with viewing.  Our tv program ended at 9 pm and my husband Carl went outside.  He called to me a couple of minutes later to Come See!   So I went out and what we watched for the next 20+ minutes really amazed us. Venus, that beautiful brilliant lady, was to the west of our location.  Up about 45-50  degrees from horizon. Coming from barely to left of and just below Venus and traveling in a very straight line was a well lite dot, much like a small distant star.  The dot traveled from south or left to north or right (Venus being west) from just below and south of Venus to north of Venus... now the odd thing was, that the dot began at one specific place, just south of Venus and traveled to a specific place north of Venus and vanished...  then another one came into sight.... same trajectory, and vanished at the same place the first one we saw did.... then another and another and another.... for over 20 minutes.  Some were a little higher but still below Venus and others a little lower... all coming into view at the same place and vanishing at the same place... like coming into a room through one door on the left, crossing the room and leaving though another door on the right.  It was very odd indeed.  The space between entering and exiting was about the width of two hands, if you extended your arms fully out with hands up like in the stop position...  two hands wide would have been the distance from seeing it to it vanishing. The time it took to travel that distance was about 5-6 seconds.  If you count one one-thousand, two one-thousand, three one-thousand… it was 5 or 6.  It was way up there and just a tiny dot... so didn't seem unusually fast.  Wasn't a zoom or flash... just a steady here it comes and there it's gone... here's another and it's gone. it looked like one was entering as one was exiting...  we have no idea when this began, but while we watched we lost count after 23 or so. So easily over 30. We sky watch often and planes or satellites or the space station can usually be watched as they travel all the way across the sky.  That's what made this siting so unusual.  These all began at the same place and vanished at the same place... they were not visible before the entry point or beyond the vanishing point.  Since there is very low air traffic at this time... the movements of these were seen right away. They were too far away to detect shapes, hear anything or see any detail.  Just coming into view, then vanishing... Any way.... that's what we saw and wondered if anyone else saw them as well. Thank you for all you do.  Have been listening to your reports for a very, very long time.  Sure miss Art Bell....;33.7292;-114.1925
