Six bright orange lights appear exactly same distance apart, to be followed after 3 sightings by many twinkling lights.;2003-12-16 18:00:00;6-7 seconds;Six bright orange lights appear exactly same distance apart, to be followed after 3 sightings by many twinkling lights. It was a clear cold night.  We were driving north on Highway 180 west from Silver City, New Mexico which is 35 miles from Cliff.  Out of the southwest we became aware of a large orange light a small an hour or so above the horizon.  Our first thought was why was Mars so big and so orange.  Then the light faded slightly as a second light appeared on the left of the first, then in the same manner four additional lights appeared each fading to black after the first, then it was gone.  We notice 2 or 3 airplane lights in the same region.  We continued driving and approximately 6 minutes went by and we say one orange light again.  Again we observed what appeared to be aircraft lights.  As we approached our home, once again we saw the orange light - only 2 actually because we were then engulfed in trees.  Then one mile further, which was the driveway to our home, we saw the light entirely surrouded by a large amount of blinking lights which one would assume were planes.  But they came on suddenly at the same time and were twinkling lights, not like your usual planes.  There were at least 20 at the same time and I think many more because of the twinkling effect.  I have never in my life made a report of a UFO.;32.9616;-108.6095
Massive illuminated bubble.  ((NUFORC Note:  Space X booster rocket venting fuel??  PD)) ((anonymous report));2018-02-06 21:00:00;5 minutes;Massive illuminated bubble. I live on a hilltop 5 acres, in an extremely rural area with a full unobstructed view of the sky. I am a serious, sober 56 year old man who loves staring into the night sky.  This area has some of the clearest skies anywhere.   Last night while sitting outside, I happen to look towards the southern sky over the Burro Mountains and noticed a strange bubble of light that quickly grew into a massive translucent bubble through which I could see stars.  This bubble was emitted by a slow moving, unblinking, noiseless craft that appeared as a point of bright white light, and was dwarfed by the bubble.  (More precisely, it was shaped more like a light bulb).   This bubble was softly illuminated but not by its source nor by the moon, which was absent.  It was a crystal clear, cloudless sky and there is no light pollution here.  The bubble could easily fit a dozen full moons within it.   The craft eventually disappeared from my view! and the bubble slowly dissipated.  The way it was illuminated reminded me of bio-luminescence as there was no external lighting source other than the stars.  It was not dissimilar to the big bubble from the Wizard Of Oz. ((NUFORC Note:  Space X booster venting fuel??  PD));32.9616;-108.6095
