It was sw of the white tank mt grew bright then dimed out than lit back up ornge looking ..;2012-03-20 22:30:00;more than 15 min;it was sw of the white tank mt grew bright then dimed out than lit back up ornge looking ..;33.342;-112.1735
I witnessed a green and red object moving slowly and erratically in the night sky in the southern PHX metro area on 03/28/14.;2014-03-28 01:00:00;5 minutes;I witnessed a green and red object moving slowly and erratically in the night sky in the southern PHX metro area on 03/28/14. On the morning of March 28th, 2014 at about 1:00 AM I went for a walk near my home in Laveen, AZ.  I was looking to the NW, when I saw a slow-moving solid green light proceeding to the east.  It gradually turned a solid red, but only for a few moments before returning to a solid green again at which point it began to gradually descend until it dropped below the tree line and houses in the distance obstructing my view. A few moments later the green light emerged, but from a different point along the tree line and began proceeding slowly at an angle (up and to the left) before making an arch after which it descended down disappearing below the trees and houses all over again. About a minute later it emerged from yet another point on the horizon, still moving slowly, but this time moving up and down vertically, over and over again, bouncing above and below the trees and homes in the distance until it descended for the last time not to emerge again. The object appeared to be far way, at a distance of at least several miles or more, this would be my approximation. This whole episode lasted about 5 minutes.;33.342;-112.1735
Bright white (hot) light appeared in the sky, hovers, falls and drifts.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  PD));2020-03-19 20:00:00;20-30 minutes;Bright white (hot) light appeared in the sky, hovers, falls and drifts and Small unidentified plane shows up. Bright white (hot) light appeared in the sky as I was collecting my mail at my box that evening. My wife was also with me as I pointed it out to her then as well. I always have a steady stream of air traffic most any day. So I'm familiar with the aircraft in my sky. But this was some distance away, but it was unusually bright. It was to the west, maybe about the eleven position. So I stood and watched it to see what it might be. I then noticed it not static, some movement. I used a tree and it's branches as confirmation the object was moving, not anything with me. It hovers, falls and drifts. Too bright for helicopter, and no running lights or NAV, and not a plane. It was moving slowly from west to north west gaining then losing sometimes altitude. Also, that bright white almost appeared to cast a sort of HALO effect around it some times. Another occasion it appeared to flash sometimes red, then the white. Is it a Drone maybe? But now, I'm thinking possibly a military flare? It is in the west sky, towards (Luke AFB). A Small unidentified plane generally shows up about 10-15 minutes into this and has headed south, and sometimes the west. There have been two instances so far. Plane is small and dark black, and 2 small red NAV lights on its wing tips. It's at a Higher air traffic ceiling level, no sound either. Commercial planes are often very absent during this time, and at a lower ceiling than the unidentified plane. Any that do show up, often direct themselves to a different path, and away from the area of the plane and bright light occupies.;33.342;-112.1735
