Bright light over mountains of Colorado;2012-06-18 20:30:00;Ten Minutes +;Bright light over mountains of Colorado I was driving north on I-25 and noticed a very bright silver light in the sky to my left.  I watched it thinking it was a plane as we have had a big fire and a lot of air traffic lately.  The aircraft seemed to be hovering in one place just below the clouds and smoke from the fire, and not moving. I was watching it for a good ten minutes and it would disappear behind nothing, then reappear.  I was at my exit in Carr Colorado and pulled off of the road on the off ramp.  The shape of it almost looked rectangle but i really couldnt tell.  It then made a falling move with a tail kind of like a shooting star and then it split into twoand formed balls of light.  One directly above the other.  It was not a plane, and it was not dark so I knew it was not a star.  I took a picture and you can barely see it, and I alsofilmed it but you couldnt see it then either really.  I was just too far away.    The top ball of light eventually disappeared and the bottom seemed to take off g! oing west and and got really small as I went west to get closer and a better picture but it got really small like it was traveling west so I figured it was gone.   As I was driving back east towards my work I noticed 3 people were looking at the sky where I had been so I slowed down and asked them if they saw it.They said they see weird stuff in the sky all of the time.  I started driving again and got onto highway 85 and looked back over where I had seen it, and it was there again. Same size and same position.  Might have been the weirdest thing I have ever seen. I can not explain it. It changed shape a few times by size. I would love to know if anyone else saw this. I dont think it was a plane because there were several more and they did not look like this. I was trying to debunk what it could be like the bright light was from the angle of the plane and windows from the sun, but no way was it a plane. I dont know if there is a way to download this picture or video on here fro! m my phone, but if someone wants to see it i will have it on m! y phone. Maybe there is some kind of software to zoom an inhance it. Thank you for your time!;40.8666;-104.8859
