Maine slow moving light;2008-08-04 21:15:00;3 minutes;Maine slow moving light I was standing in my back yard with no lights on.  There were some fast moving clouds overhead, but I could see stars clearly.  I looked directly overhead and noticed a light as bright and the same scale as Jupiter that was moving very slowly toward the south.  After about a minute, the object dimmed and changed direction to the east, then quickly got bright again.  It continued on toward the south and again dimmed and changed direction to the east.  I thought I saw an outline, a hard black edge, cover the stars, but just for a moment.  Then it got bright again and continued to about 2 degrees above the horizon where it faded out. At first I thought it was a meteor, but it was moving too slowly, and there was no trail.  There is an aiport nearby, but there was no sound and no flashing lights on the object.  Except for the dimming, it was a constant light. I continued to watch the sky for another couple of minutes, but I did not see or hear anything. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));44.1123;-69.1154
2 larger objects with 3 rows of lights directly above coming from direction of moon which had strange trail. 2 more smaller behind that;2019-07-09 21:50:00;<2 minutes;2 larger objects with 3 rows of lights directly above coming from direction of moon which had strange trail. 2 more smaller behind that I live in Rockland Maine.  I have been seeing lights above my house at night.  A lot of the time I think it could be a star.  BUT they seem to have 3 lights not one and will move around..up and down.  Over and back. Sometimes moving across sky fast and other times seem to disappear.  I have only lived in this house in Rockland for less then a year.  Since the beginning of the summer this has happened quite a few times.  Tonight I saw 2 Bigger ones then I have in the past couple months.  They had 3 Rows of lights..red n yellow or white..  Directly above me and it seemed to drop down and move til gone....the second larger one with 3 rows of lights followed almost Exact SAME PATH.  One right after the other.  Then behind that 2 more smaller lights.  I did not see where in the sky it started from but there was a strange trail of lights near the moon...heading close to where it looked to be coming from.  My boyfriend was outside with me.  He has also seen these other lights on occasion and these tonight.  We have an 8 year old daughter. Have been together for 15 years.  We are both in our mid 30s.  I have never noticed anything like these lights before. and as people have harsh opinions and are very skeptical I have not yet reported these. Been doing a little research, as well.  I, however, continue to see them....and tonight the 2 were larger then before.  Or closer.  After the second larger one was no longer over head but had dropped down to be closer to the tree line yet further away I saw flashing lights back towards the moon n another right behind that.  Maybe they are planes. I don't think so though.  Maybe the second set was...  I honestly don't know and am going to continue to watch.;44.1123;-69.1154
