Upside down Star of Bethlehem light with red upside down appendages;2007-04-16 04:30:00;5:15;Upside down Star of Bethlehem light with red upside down appendages   I work at night.  Let me start by saying that I was not tired and I had not had anything that would impair my vision or other senses. I went outside at approximately 4:30 in the morning and saw a bright star, or so I thought.  I thought that’s weird, it looks like the North Star in brightness, but I was facing due south.  I then noticed a sort of tail so to say pointing down.  It almost looked like the Star of Bethlehem, however flipped upside down.  As I sat and watched this thing, I thought is this an airplane?  I then noticed these red attachments to the object, which kind of attached themselves to the bottom of the tail like an upside down Y.  At one point it appeared that there were also Y attachments to the top that were green, but I only saw those on two short occasions, so I can’t say if that’s really what I saw or the brightness changing as it moved. As I sat and watched this object, it hovered about moving from the east to the west not fast, but just enough to where you could see it moving.  When I took a step back because I was alarmed, it sort of moved with me.  Not fast, but you could tell that it moved.  I took another step back, and it moved again.  It almost made me feel like it was watching me.  At this time I was beginning to get a little freaked out.  Ran in the house, made my husband wake up from bed to come and look at this object.  He did come, and he did see it, but he disregarded and went back to bed. I continued to watch the object for 40-45 minutes.  Again, the feeling of it watching me made me uneasy.  I did see faint beams of light on two occasions go thru the sky.  Not far, but almost like a spotlight effect.  I moved to my right, the object hovered to the right, I moved to the left, the object hovered to the left.  I tilted my head to the side, the object moved it’s apex to the right, so on and so forth.  I did notice six star like objects that blinked on and off.  I did look around at other stars to my east and west, and did not see any stars blinking on and off. I saw this object rotate on two occasions, like it almost wanted me to see its full self.  During rotation it looked like the inside of a Mercedes Benz symbol. I’ve never disregarded the fact of UFO sighting, but I never expected to see one myself.  I haven’t really ever explored or investigated these occurrences, but I definitely know what I saw was not an airplane or a satellite in the sky. Did anyone else see this object?  I’m going to attempt to give you a diagram.  The top like I said was star like, with the tail resembling the Star of Bethlehem and then two arms so to say which resembled an upside down Y appendages that were red in color.;35.6423374100721;-97.4807938848921
Craft comes out of lake, hovers over me then shoots up. Then converse with 3 human like beings.;2013-08-24 01:00:00;15 minutes;Craft comes out of lake, hovers over me then shoots up.  Then converse with 3 human like beings. This past weekend I was spending some time out by Lake Arcadia.   fraternity that I am a member of(which is part of a near by University) just finished having our back to school get together with some of our members.  The location of the site was right by the shore of the lake. 	It was about one o'clock in the morning and I was the last one there and had been by myself for around thirty minutes. It was my responsibility that night to let no one drive back home while intoxicated and make sure the camp site was in good shape when we were done.  As a result of my duties that night I was completely sober and had not been drinking or using any drugs. 	Right after I loaded the last bag of trash in the back of my truck I had this strange urge to look at the lake.  The best way to describe that feeling  was as if I had been day dreaming.  There was nothing unusual going on out on then all of the sudden there was a bright glowing light under  the water.  At this particular distance I could tell exactly how large the circle was but it was big. 	The shape was circular and had a light green/yellowish glow with occasional pulsating reed and blue lights.  I starred at it dumbfounded as it was moving slowly under the water from one side of the lake to the opposite side.  The object moved from one side and back to the other two or three times for about five minutes then it stopped almost near the center of the lake.  The object glowed brighter and brighter than shot straight out of the water and into the sky. 	After that I turned around and ran as fast as I could to my truck.  Once I got to my truck I stopped and fumbled around in my pockets for a couple of seconds looking for my keys and seemingly out of no where a bright light appeared above and slightly behind me.  	I turned around to see what was behind me and there was was this giant ship.  It wasn't a saucer shaped one that everyone talks about  but it had more of a cake shape.  It hadn't landed but just hovered around twenty to thirty feet off the ground for a couple of seconds. Then shot back up into the sky. 	I turned back to my truck door and tried to unlock it when I caught something at the corner of my.  I jumped back against the side of my truck and about 15 feet away stood three people staring at me that had not been there prior to this incident.  There were two very attractive woman and one very tall man that was at least ten feet high.  All of them had blonde hair that was almost white and blue eyes. 	They did not say anything to me directly but I heard one of the the woman's voice in my head. I know your probably thinking that I am crazy but it did happen.  She said, (my name) please do not be afraid.  You have an important role to play if you would like to help us. I said out loud in a shaky voice okay but I don't know how?  Then the woman said, don't worry you will know in time.  Right after she said that everything went black. 	Eventually I woke up around two thirty.  Laying about thirty feet away from my last remembered position at the side of my truck.;35.6423374100721;-97.4807938848921
Almost fight been bright starlike crafts and some kind of government aircrafts!!!!!;2013-12-11 19:00:00;90 minutes;Almost fight been bright starlike crafts and some kind of government aircrafts!!!!! I had just pulled into my driveway after meeting my girlfriend at the store, and i was on the phone with her when i noticed something zoom across the sky.  I get out to run an grab my camera but i was stuck in awe watching it.  I have never seen anything move like this or look like it, it seemed as if it had no limitations to ways it could  move about in the sky.  As it zoomed by in what seemed like a blink of an eye another appeared out of no where and the two white star looking crafts started to like dance around eachother in the sky.  By this time it looked like they were the air force had shown up with various types of aircrafts and started circulating around the unknown crafts.  After 20 min about of doing this one brave helicopter went in to get a closer look and i could of sweared they were dead when one of the ufo's just charged at.  Swiftly getting by it the helicopter took off in the other direction frantically.  The sky was full of planes and the ! orbs would pop in an out in various differnt spot, and every dog in my neighborhood was barking due to the ufo's.  They finally faded away as did all the planes..  Apocolyptic;35.6423374100721;-97.4807938848921
Suddenly a bright rectangular light popped up in the night sky, jetted to the left, then disappeared.;2014-11-13 21:00:00;1 second;Suddenly a bright rectangular light popped up in the night sky, jetted to the left, then disappeared. Well, one night, as I let my dog out to go to the restroom in the back yard, I noticed the water was still on, so when I walked out to turn the water off I happened to look up at the sky and noticed it was a clear night.   I like looking at the stars so as I looked up at the sky that’s when all of a sudden a bright flash of white light in the shape of a tilted rectangle lit up and shot to the left and then disappeared.   Not a sound came from the UFO.  I mean in a matter of a split second it was there and then it was gone.  I would have to say it was a couple of hundred feet above my neighbor’s house if that.  It was really low and it had me standing there gapping at the spot it appeared then disappeared.   I stood there staring at the spot where it was for several seconds and nothing.   I honestly can’t explain it as anything but a UFO, it was so surreal. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));35.6423374100721;-97.4807938848921
The shape a flying wing with many small objects together making the shape.the objects were all very similar one another. And the were s;2016-10-27 20:30:00;60 seconds;The shape a flying wing with many small objects together making the shape.  the objects were all very similar one another.  And the were slightly luminescent.   It made a very small course adjustment.  And when it did, the objects moved around inside the flying wing shape.there was no sound at all.  200-300 ft. off the ground.  headed Nw.;35.6423374100721;-97.4807938848921
