((HOAX??))  Six trangle shaped crafts with no noise, bright white lights, a few red lights, flying and hovering over NE Ark.;2008-10-29 20:00:00;Half hour;Six trangle shaped crafts with no noise, bright white lights, a few red lights, flying and hovering over NE Ark. November 1, 2008   On October 29th around 8pm, my 17 year-old daughter and her 15 year-old friend was driving on highway 63 near Walnut Ridge, Arkansas, when they saw five UFOs.  The first one came up out of a field and hovered above their car.  (There were other cars on this dark highway, but no one seemed to notice or stop.)  They assumed it was an airplane, but it made no noise, had rows upon rows of white lights and a few red lights, and was huge.  It was much larger than three passenger planes put together.  It was shaped like a triangle only it was rounded at the back.  The sides and front were curled inward. The bottom had a pinwheel of white lights with a red light in the center.  The UFO flew about ten feet above the car for a short distance.  The UFO flew away at an uncreditable speed.  Two miles up ahead were two more UFOs which flew towards them and then away.  Then one more came toward them and it also flew swiftly away. My daughter called her boyfriend on her cell phone after the first encounter.  He was less than ten miles away.  He and his friend were lounging on the back of his friend’s pick up truck, listening to CDs and looking up at the sky.  While he was listening to her on the phone and not understanding all that she was reporting, what they thought was a star came towards them.  It got bigger and closer and was so fast that it was almost instantaneous with no noise in the engines.  It had rows of white lights, and some red lights.  It looked like it was made up of shiny chrome steel with a slight blue tint.  It flew over them and then instantly disappeared.  He said it was about half the size of a football field, triangular in front and round in back, slightly curled sides and curled tip and resembled a sting ray. I interviewed all four of these teenagers and they each told the same description except for the estimated size of the aircrafts.  My daughter drew a picture of the underside of the UFO and they all agreed that it was what they saw. When the girls had reached the well lit parking lot at Wal Mart, an odd looking man, about 30 years old, wearing a green pullover top and blue jeans, approached their car.  They locked the car and rolled up the windows.  The man seemed to scan the car from the front, sides, top and back and even looked through the back window of the SUV.  He had a bulging forehead (a very large bulging forehead).  After a full scan of the car, the man suddenly disappeared from behind the car. Inside Wal Mart, they encountered a family of four blonde people.  The children looked to be 15 years-old and the younger one about ten years-old. All had the same exact shade of blonde hair. The girls were at the trash bag isle when the family approached. The family was asking questions about the trash bags. The mother spoke without an accent.  The youngest boy had a distinct British accent, and the father and eldest son had deep southern accents.  The girls felt like they were cornered by this family. When they got back home, their computer wouldn’t work.  It kept saying “Resend” when there was nothing they were sending.  After a while, it began to work again. All four agreed that they felt light- headed after seeing these UFOs and very groggy in the morning as though they had been drinking the night before.  The girls said that after the sightings, they seemed to have less and less memory of it even though they had talked about it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides little contact information.  PD));36.0253;-90.9332
