Two blinking lights flying impossibly close to each other seem to stand still before flying off in different directions.;2008-06-23 23:00:00;3 minutes;Two blinking lights flying impossibly close to each other seem to stand still before flying off in different directions. My boyfriend and I were looking at the sky because we noticed how bright the stars were that night. We saw what we thought were two airplanes in the sky directly above us. It was strange because they were flying WAY too close to each other. Usually the airplanes I see leave some lead time between their flight path but these two lights were one directly behind the other. It seemed impossible. After we noticed them they appeared stop for a second and then the one in front started moving while the second one didnt seem to move. I remember that my boyfriend looked at me and  said - is it not moving or is it me? As we continued to watch and the second light started to move but now in a totally different flight path. I continued to watch and thought my eyes were playing tricks on me because I thought I saw was sparks coming from the tail of the plane. I kept blinking my eyes to try to focus on what I was seeing. I watched until I didnt see them any more. A couple things to note are there was absolutely no sound which is unusual for planes we usually see/hear in our area and the lights were blinking white, red and green which to me looked like airplane lights. I thought it was worth reporting. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.115;-74.5875
bright then dim flashing red white green lights - not moving and low in the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of star??  PD));2009-04-13 22:00:00;3 days+;bright then dim flashing red white green lights - not moving and low in the sky Im not sure what Im seeing - it looks like its over West Milford or possibly Jefferson, I spotted it two days ago and now again tonight.  Object is super bright and low in the sky (lower than a normal star) it gets real bright and then dim, when its bright it flashes green white and red. I cant say what shape it is because its pretty far from where Im viewing it. It seems oval but that could be a trick of the light. It doesnt move - I watched it for 10 minutes and then called out a witness to look at it and discuss what it could be.  Its not a helicopter or plane. Can it be a star? Do stars become dim (almost invisible) and then bright (brighter than anything in the sky) in a matter of minutes. It seems to be in the same spot no matter what time of night it is. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of star??  PD));41.115;-74.5875
