I saw 2 object, the exact same appearance/size as a star circle each other.;1996-07-01 22:00:00;5 secs;I saw 2 object, the exact same appearance/size as a star circle each other.;45.3495;-80.0297
The two objects appeared in the Southwest roughly 32 degrees declination.;2007-02-20 18:20:00;3 minutes;The two objects appeared in the Southwest roughly 32 degrees declination. They appeared as very bright white lights one behind and to the right of the other at the leads five o-clock position.They travelled at a very high rate of speed in a Southwesterly direction and disappeared beyond the horizon. They where not aircraft as they had no port and starboard lights or flashing red dome or belly lights. They where not satellites as they do not appear in such close proximity to one another, nor travel at that speed. They where not meteor`s as there was no contrail. In my many years of studing the night sky, I have never seen anything like it. If someone has a better explaination, I would like to hear it.;45.3495;-80.0297
White craft followed by red craft near Parry Sound Ontario Sunday Morning;2016-03-13 00:30:00;5-10 minutes;White craft followed by red craft near Parry Sound Ontario Sunday Morning I was at my cabin in the woods about an hour drive east of Parry Sound Ontario.  It is remote.  I have no commercial electricity, but I do have solar power as I am off the grid.  I woke around 12:30 in the morning to put another log on the fire and took a look out my back window.  I left the lights off.  It was a beautiful clear night and we see a lot of stars because it is far from any city.  I was looking North West and saw the strangest sight. At first I thought it was a star but it was low because I saw it through the trees.  A craft was flashing a very powerful light.  It moved very slowly. It was circular in shape and I thought I could see windows.  The lights from the windows were kind of yellowish like incandescent.   The flashing light was white like a slow strobe light.  It was followed by a second craft, perhaps 2 to 4 football fields behind it flying in perfect tandem.  They were about the same size but the craft following was in red light.   I would have thought it to be one huge craft but that is far bigger than anything man-made.  It seemed the front craft and the back craft seemed to be signalling with lights.  The one in front would flash and then the one behind in rhythm.  The front craft had white lights and the back was in red.  They were moving very slowly and crossed beside the cabin so I lost sight.  I looked around in the dark for my binoculars but I could not find them.   There was something creepy about it, and I was afraid to turn the lights on in the cabin to find the binoculars.  I did grab the camera however and went out to the front door which faces East South East.  The craft(s) continued at the same speed away from me and seemed to be climbing.  I got the impression it was mapping or searching for something like a Google Earth project.  It made me nervous.  There was absolutely no sound whatsoever.   I waited until it passed far into the distance in case it was very high and the sound might come later but there was absolutely no sound whatsoever. The best I could do was take a few long exposures with the camera braced up against the cabin as the thing flew away to the south west. I knew by the shutter speed that the images would be worthless but I took three shots.;45.3495;-80.0297
