Orange/red lights moving slowly across the sky in NE Kansas on the 4th of July.;2013-07-04 21:30:00;2-3 minutes;Orange/red lights moving slowly across the sky in NE Kansas on the 4th of July. We were sitting in Stilwell, KS waiting for their fireworks display to begin.  The lady in the parking lot in front of us asked, Do you all see that? What is it?  We all turned around and saw an orange/red blob in the north moving from east to west fairly slowly.  There was no sound, no flashing lights, it just quietly moved along.  As it moved further west, another one came into view from the east.  As it came into view, the one that was to the west just disappeared.   We sat and watched the second one, and it did the same as the first: moved towards the west, and a third one come into view.  The 2nd one disappeared.  We sat and watched the third one in total awe.  It eventually moved towards the west and disappeared. After the fireworks show, we got on the highway to head home.  We were headed north on the highway towards the direction of where we saw the 3 lights, when our son said, Look! here's another one!  Sure enough, out of the east came another one.  It went over the top of us, and as we were looking out the west side of our car to catch another glimpse of it, it was gone.  A couple days later, we were talking to a friend of ours who lives in Stilwell.  We told him what we had seen with the other people at the show, and he couldn't believe it.  He had seen the exact same thing!  We couldn't tell you how high up they were, but they were no higher than a low flying airplane.   Again, there was no noise whatsoever.  No flashing.  Just a solid orange/red light that moved from east to west.  My guess as to how long they lasted would be each one was about 20-30 seconds before disappearing.  They were all at the exact same level.  Like clockwork. There was no alcohol involved, so we know we weren't imagining things!  And when the people who we didn't know started flipping out, we knew it was the real deal.;38.7909;-94.6650000000004
