Contact with intelligent UFO.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Venus??  PD));2013-10-23 19:30:00;30 minutes;Contact with intelligent UFO My girlfriend and I were travelling west bound to go home and saw what we thought was a very bright star in the south west.  We then observed that the object was indeed moving and travelling north westwards.  The craft had no navigation lights and had one bright light on one side of the craft that seemed to be intelligently rotating. What really gave us chills was when I flashed my bright lights on my car, the object seemed to rotate and the light was brighter than ever as if it had rotated and focused in our direction.  The craft had stopped Its forward motion when it seemed to become interested in our flashing lights.  We lost sight as we were driving westwards due to trees and turned around to see if we could observe the object longer.   We pulled into a coldesac and could still see the object travelling slowly north westwards and the bright light would randomly dim and become bright again as if it were rotating.   The object seemed directly linked with me flashing my bright lights and brake lights which I did several times.  Each time the object would turn around and focus the beam north eastwards torward our direction.  At one time an airplane passed a long ways away behind the object and as the airplane passed the object seemed to turn and track the airplane and then returned the light torwards our direction when I flashed my brights again.  At this point we decided to return home and attempt to view the craft with binoculars in my backyard. Once we made it to the backyard the object had moved further westwards and the light was not as easily visible.  At this point I pulled out a flashlight and flashed it torwards the craft which immediately turned and focused in our direction.  This was apparent due to being able to see the light intelligently rotate torwards us.  We watched for several minutes, about twenty minutes after we first observed it on the road, and suddenly it seemed to all but disappear.  I began to signal the craft by flashing my light three times.  We were shocked to see the light appeafr again and flashed on and off three separate times.  I then flashed the craft twice after it had blacked out again and the craft resoonded with two flashes.  And again I flashed the craft three times and the craft responded with three flashes and went dark. I was observing the craft through binoculars and could see a distinct round shape and bright light with a small red light within the craft.  The craft was no longer m! oving only hovering in place. I was so shocked I called my father to come observe it and by the time he got out there we thought it was all but gone.  But we flashed in its direction one more time and were responded with a faint flash and then it disappeared and we did not see it again.  The entire duration was about thirty minutes and the craft seemed to be moving with intelligence and seemed to have a distinct front to the craft.  This is the third time we have witnessed a UFO in this town which is why I finally decided to report it due to its being a long encounter where we believe the craft distinctly made contact with our flashing lights on the ground.;38.7909;-94.6650000000004
