Bright light oval shaped object right in the backyard very close to home and people!;2004-02-29 21:00:00;30-45sec;Bright light oval shaped object right in the backyard very close to home and people! ((Name deleted--Older daughter)): I saw a bright light, it brightened my room. And I jumped up and looked at the window and saw a bright light. All of a sudden I froze, I felt relaxed and comfortable the light must have hypnotized me.  Description:  It was oval and had a square in the middle of it and it was very very bright it had two lines in the middle and a thick antenna on top.  Mom: At approximately 9 P.M. this evening I was seated at my computer desk when startled by a bright light zooming past my window. I immediately got up to see what was going on when the light flashed and was gone immediately, no sound no noise nothing just gone!  I remember thinking it may have been the police because the lights went past so fast, it did not seem plausible at all, but for some odd reason I did not give it any further consideration at that time until my husband was alerted by our 11 year old and our five year old that there was something strange in our back yard.  We are very down to earth type people and deal with what is realistic pinch me if you would because I had always associated realistic with what is known and now I have to change this theory to realistic - once seen! ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the father and older daughter, and we found them to be seemingly quite sincere and credible.  The daughter described how she and her younger sister were seated in their bedroom, when the entire room suddenly was illuminated by two bright flashes.  Their impression was that the flashes had emanated from outside their window, so they quickly rushed to the window, threw the heavy curtains aside, and were witness to an oval shaped object, intensely bright, hovering less than 30 feet from their window.  The object then accelerated away from them, disappearing from their view in seconds.  The mother, who was in another part of the house, was witness to the two flashes, and she saw the oval object depart, also.  An excellent report, in the opinion of NUFORC!  PD));39.2259;-76.6182
