Color dance in the sky in Walton county Georgia;2002-10-15 22:00:00;an hour or more;Color dance in the sky in Walton county Georgia Me and some friends were outside on the deck smoking cigarettes and we had the binoculars out because it was a very clear sky with crisp, cool air blowing about us.  My ex-boyfriend was the first to see something moving in the distance in the sky. So I took the binoculars and started looking for myself and sure enough there were 3 round objects in the sky.  At this point they were in a triangular formation and their multi-colored craft soon began to change formation. Repeatedly for a long period of time.  Their color was multi-colored, but it alternated between the colors.  I would say the most prominent colors were gold/yellow, purple/blue and red.  They almost seemed to pulse when they changed colors.  Their formation seemed as though it was a code or an S.O.S or something. They executed it so perfectly making moves in all directions.  I think I was out there an hour or better before they just completely disappeared as though they were never there. However, within 30 minutes of the crafts disappearing we witnessed many aircrafts ( the human kind) searching the area. You could with out a doubt tell they searching for something. The sky had been clear of crafts all night and then the UFO's came out of nowhere to do this beautiful light and pattern display.  Also, at some points it looked as though the ships became one and split into three again before assuming the next pattern and rotation. I have NO photos of the incedents, however I do have drawings of the formations and colors on the crafts. The thing about three of the drawings is that I drew them maybe 8 years before I had these sightings and they are dead on as to what I saw. They are the exact color shape and texture.  I will not send any drawings via email, but mail or fax is acceptable if you would like to view them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.8186321428571;-83.708339285714
