Large craft with lights and whirring sound. Object stopped mid air. Lights sequenced. Object darted and stopped twice.;1975-11-15 21:00:00;5 minutes;Large craft with lights and whirring sound. Object stopped mid air. Lights sequenced. Object darted and stopped twice. In the fall of 1975,  I was newly married and enrolled in graduate school at Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana.  My husband had been a US Air Force pilot of T-38s and other aircraft.  He had been trained to recognize the configuration of aircraft.  We had visited my parents at the farm in Morgan County, Indiana.  We were driving back to college on a dark Sunday evening in the fall of 1975.  There had been a heavy snowfall, but the weather had cleared.  There was a bright moon and puffy clouds in the sky. We were driving on I-69 between Indianapolis and Anderson, Indiana. I saw lights in the sky, and at first I thought the lights were coming from a large aircraft that was in a steep bank (turning). Then the lighted object seemed to bank the other direction.  I watched the lights for a couple of minutes.  I had never told my husband about seeing a UFO in 1965.  I said, Is that an airplane?  He said, No.  We watched the lights getting closer. We were traveling northeast and getting closer.  The lights were so close to us, that I said, Pull over.  A couple of other cars pulled off to the edge of the interstate.  We were parked on the east side of the interstate, and the object stopped in the air over a large lighted parking lot of a factory or shopping area on the west side of I-69, near Anderson, Indiana.  My husband rolled down his window to get a clear view without reflection.  The lights on the craft were in a horizontal row, similar to lights coming from inside a lighted passenger compartment of a jet.  There were also red and green lights on the object.  We could hear a whirring sound, but not a roaring sound.  Then ... the lights appeared to start moving in sequence ...left to right.  I wonder now if the object was rotating on a horizontal plane and if the object was turning rather than lights coming off and on.  The object darted to the east and in about one second appeared to be stopped again to the east of I-69, maybe about two miles away from us.  Follow it. ... I said.  My husband exited the interstate and headed toward the object.  The object then darted in the air to the west side of I-69 and stopped again.  Then it went behind thick clouds, and we couldn't see it at all. We continued our drive to our apartment on the Ball State campus in Muncie.  We stopped and ordered a pizza.  It was very late at night - maybe after 10pm. We told the pizza guy about the UFO, but we didn't attempt to report the incident to the FAA or even to the Muncie airport.  We had college on our minds, and the next day was just another day.  I felt so blessed that my husband, a pilot, actually saw the object, heard the whirring, and saw how quickly the object could move.  I also felt fortunate that I could have seen two UFOs and that I wasn't just seeing things back in 1965. I wonder if there is a kind of convergence of solar systems that makes space travel easier about every ten years.  I live near the Wright Patterson Air Force Base, where supposedly the wreckage and the alien victims of the Roswell, New Mexico crash are kept in a secret area.  Most of the people who know about it are probably in their seventies or eighties.  I wonder if any of them will ever talk. ((NUFORC Note:  We are grateful for the report.  We doubt that the Sun, or its planets, come anywhere close to any other star system.  If such occurred, we would see two stars in the daytime sky, not one.  Date in November 1975 is approximate.  PD));40.1031258064516;-85.678195967742
