Stealthy object in night storm  clouds.;2014-10-20 20:10:00;7 seconds;Stealthy object in night storm  clouds The evening of 20 Oct. at approximately  20:10 (0010Z) there were possible storms moving into my area. Lightening was reported to the West North West over Delaware, Ohio.  I observed  cloud reflected lightening in that direction, as well as to the South.  Cloud deck was reported as 3,000 to 6,000 feet at 97%.   While feeding horses and looking to the West, I observed at about 280 degrees azimuth and 25 degrees altitude,  a small dull red spot,  which appeared unmoving.  It grew somewhat brighter for about 3 seconds, but still remained dull red, the color that  heated steel  just becoming red might appear. At this time, it began moving  very rapidly across the shy towards the East South East,  heading approximately 100 degrees. It disappeared  at approximately 170 degrees azimuth and 85 degrees altitude, the whole episode lasting about 7 seconds from first seeing it until loosing sight of it. There was no sound associated with it’s passing. When this object (yes, I am going to call it an object) was almost overhead,  I had the impression  it had a rounded  shape, possibly  oval or u- shaped, and that the dull red portion was the leading part of some airframe, glowing from air resistance heating. It’s body was totally black with no lights, appearing against the clouds as an empty spot with a dull red part. My  analysis of this event is that when I first observed it, the unchanging bearing means it was coming essentially directly at me. As it got to a lower altitude, it’s linear motion became apparent, and the fact that it traversed  70 degrees of sky in 4 seconds means to me that it was  below 5,000 feet altitude and hence subsonic, disappearing into a cloud bank.. That fits with the cloud deck height. No sound means it was gliding or silently propelled. The whole thing had the feeling of a re-entry event. Re-entry into a thunder storm seems a good way to cover the sonic booms, and thick clouds providing visual cover. So, either  someone has a really advanced  stealth aircraft, or we are not alone.;40.3731;-81.7661
