((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch at 2055 hrs (EDT).  PD))   Red/orange circle and planes flying;2005-04-29 21:20:00;2 Minutes;red/orange circle and planes flying This is insane! I swear I'm crazy. To tell you the truth, I was sitting at my window... smoking a little weed. Now, I COULDNT be hallucinating. I know it was NOT laced. Anyway I see this shape. It's night but I see it. It was 3 lights, 2 grouped close in the front and 1 in the back. It was very close also, I thought it was a police chopper at first the height and  the light were too close. I see a light cutting through some fog or something. It looked like a helicopter. It swung the back around but it stayed keeping the light focused. It was light in fog not solid beam or anything. Then the 2 front lights dissappeared and left the back 1. I didnt hear any sound which is strange for how close it was. Then after 30 sec. it looked like it exploded in mid air. Around this time I kept hearing like distant gunshots and I though damn its a car chase and shootout. But the circle. It was round red with a yellow smaller circle inside of it I mean perfectly round. It looked like is stretched out fast not appeared. It stretched from nowhere. It stayed for like 20 seconds or so and I stared at it. And it was almost behing a big tree in my neighbor across the streets yard. But i could see it well. I looked away or blinked or something. it was gone but a light slowly drifted behind the tree. I had seen 4 military jets earlier in the day. MacDilll is south of us or something maybe north. not super far or anything. and it was odd. After the circle I saw jets really high up blinking red and orange. going back and forth 3 or 4 times. Then I looked over and saw otherr jets or something VERY high up to my right. I saw a plane approaching kinda low... enough to hear it and see it close. But there was no soud it went over my house. I thought it was a jet but no sound. it had 5 lights. like the shape of a f16 or such. so i sat there for like 4 minuites watching the sky. i then went outside and saw nothing. so i went inside and watched. i saw out of nowhere a shotting comet. it was like a star but huge like a comet. no sound and faded in and out fast. i watched for a while and just saw the red and orange blinking plane far in the distance. so now im writing this. I still think its crazy, but they're out there. and thos planes were the government. i swear it. ((NUFORC Note:  We assume that the witness describes above the launch of a Titan IV missile out of Cape Canaveral, which occurred at 20:55 hrs. (Eastern) on this date.  The missile apparently was launched to the northeast, so it was visible along the eastern shoreline of the U. S..  PD));27.9570607196971;-82.7510635227277
Multi colored orbs with contrail...changed form and color often.;2010-12-10 15:00:00;15 mins;Multi colored orbs with contrail...changed form and color often. My 5 year old and I were driving in the Target parking lot on US19 in Clearwater.  We have noticed lots of different kind of military aircraft and unmarked choppers flying around and a few months back I saw another UFO so I have had my camera attached to me ever since.  I drive with my camera on my lap now, always ready to go. I looked up to the sky and noticed a thick cloud of smoke in the sky, looked just like contrail but there was nothing in front of it.  You could not make out anything... my daughter and I kept watching it and I started to take photos with my 300mm lens attached to my Nikon D3000, great lens!  I kept taking photos on multi shot as these two orbs started forming in front of the smoke trail.  They would fly away from one another and closer, they would become one, then split into two. It wasn't until i got home and uploaded the photos that I could see what they were really doing. Some of the photos (out of the 70 I took) show this rainbow like ! object where the two orbs were. It changed colors, shape and size and then it just disappeared. There were other aircraft in the sky but all you could see was contrail. Towards the end of the photo set you can see it just fade away and it was back to that original smoke trail I saw. This is not the first time I have seen this in the past few months, lots of strange happenings lately but this was the first time I could capture it on camera. Finally I have proof and not just my word to go off of.;27.9570607196971;-82.7510635227277
