Flying disk like object became obscured by strange dark haze moving with it.;2015-06-19 16:45:00;3 minutes;flying disk like object became obscurred by strange dark haze moving with it. On 6/19/2015 at approximately 4:45pm I was driving northbound on US 19 in Clearwater.  Event occurred during the duration of time it took to drive between approximately Drew Street up to SR. 580. I noticed a single light grey-almost white craft flying very fast from east to west, very high in the sky.  Gauging by its position in the sky, it appeared it could have been over Palm Harbor/Oldsmar area. Initially mistook as a high altitude aircraft heading to Tampa Airport, when it started glowing extremely and unnaturally bright for approx. 5 seconds, as the bright light dissipated, it resumed a more normal greyish looking oval craft.  During the brightest part, it looked more circular in shape. Even in daylight, it was extremely bright. A few seconds later I noticed a translucent dark haze appeared to materialize and grow around the craft.  It was perfectly oval around the craft, and much larger than the craft.  The growing dark haze around the craft started losing transparency, and the craft became more obscured and very dim to see. The dark haze around the craft moved with it at the same rate of speed.  There was no contrail from the craft, nor did the surrounding haze have a contrail, say as smoke would if an engine blew on an airplane.  The craft became very difficult to see due to the thickening dark haze surrounding it, and when it flew into a nearby cloud, it did not come out. Less than a minute later, an actual high altitude airplane (appearing to be) heading for Tampa airport flew on what appeared a very similar flight path.  It had a contrail, when it banked, I could clearly make out airplane wings, unlike the craft preceding it. It also appeared to be flying at a much slower rate of speed than the first object.  The airplane appeared to enter the same cloud as the first craft, but it came out the other side, whereas the first craft did not exit the cloud on the other side. I am unsure if anyone else saw this.  I was driving on US 19 in the construction areas, and when I was able to pull over, it was gone.;27.9570607196971;-82.7510635227277
