Strange craft follows car into town, later family member see same craft.;1979-05-05 20:30:00;20 minutes;Strange craft follows car into town, later family member see same craft. When I was about 7 years old, I had my first sighting of an unexplained craft.  My mother and I were driving from Hunt, TX into Kerrville, TX to buy something at the grocery store one night.  As soon as we came out of the tree-covered road from our house I spotted a gloriously beautiful, long, diamond-shaped craft right outside the car window.  It was on the other side of the treeline from the road, but clearly visible as it couldn't have been but a few feet from the road.  Instead of sharp angles, it resembled more like two cones with their bases put together.  It was maybe the size of a grain silo in diameter.  It was covered in lights, with seemingly no rhyme or reason to the layout.  The lights were different colors and flashed in a seeming non-pattern.  I turned to tell my mother to look out the window and noticed she was scared to death.  We were driving about 80 or so, as fast as she could get our car to go, and she was froggy.  Her reaction frightened me, and I asked her agian to look.  She told me to ignore it, there was nothing out there, stop looking at it.  Such an odd reply, so I ignored her and looked anyway.  This craft followed us into town, and just before we hit any traffic, it hovered for a few moments then almost winked out of existance.  There was no noise, no odd feelings, no sense of being watched.  It was just there, mere yards from us for miles.  My mother briefed me on not telling anyone anything, and that it was my imagination, but she was deathly afraid of something.  To this day she denies it.  We never told anyone.  However, about a week later my brother comes home from night fishing all breathless and excited.  He was about ten at the time.  His story went like this:  He was down on the low water crossing with a friend and they were packing up their fishing supplies.  He states the coolest thing happened next.  I huge craft appeared out of nowhere right above them on the low water crossing.  He described my sighting to the letter, and when he did I looked at my mother a! nd she w ent pale but looked at me to shut me up.  So I did. He then went to say that it hovered there, and he said there was no actual sound, but you could feel a faint buzzing in your body.  It then, he claimed, emitted a very bright, foggy, blue light onto him and his friend and he said it felt warm and tingly.  The best description for me to give you would be like a sonogram treatment after about 30 minutes of continuous treatment.  He said he still heard no sound, doesn't remember anything actually happeneing other than the tingly light.  Then all of a sudden the light was gone and the craft just vanished into thin air.  We have had a few episodes in Texas as children, together.  But to my knowledge I have seen no unusual craft in my adult life.  No one in the family will admit this now, but all three of us witnessed something interesting.  Just wondered how many other people have seen a similar craft as mine and where. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We will request that the brother submit his report, as well.  PD));30.0451000000001;-99.1417000000001
