Bright blue, fast, UFOs passing over I-10.;2012-08-24 09:00:00;6 seconds;Bright blue, fast, UFOs passing over I-10. During the first second of the sighting:  I was driving alone on I-10 East about 8.5 miles due East of Kerrville, TX, (30° 02' 40 N 98° 59' 46 W), when I saw a bright blue UFO off to my right (SSW).  It was moving extremely fast, 3000 to 4000 MPH, at about 1000 - 1500 feet altitude.  Nothing was visible behind it to provide scale for altitude, but from previous experiences, I assumed it was an average sized UFO, 30' to 50' in diameter.  The speed I determined with Google Earth, from where I first saw it to where it changed direction was about 3 miles in about 3 seconds. The next two seconds:  As it came closer and passed over I-10 and off to my left I realized it was actually two bright blue lights. The next second:  At that point it appeared to reverse direction and come straight at me, my heart stopped for a split second from memories of previous experiences.  It was actually two of them, side by side until they split.  To me, the two lights turning different directions made it appear as if only one UFO was coming straight at me super fast for a split second. The last two seconds:  The one going north went out of sight behind me, I watched as the other one increased speed and disappeared in the distance over the hills, about 3 miles away. That's it.  As for me, I have an IQ around 150, common sense, and my hobby is knowledge of all sciences, religions, legends, myths and secrets.  Astronomy has been my favorite for over 40 years and advanced technology of any type is a close second.  I know what Venus, a satellite, etc. are. My first sighting I won't talk much about, memories start coming back I don't want.  I was 7, hunting squirrels with a semi-auto .22 rifle.  I crawled up to a clearing to watch for squirrels and there were 3 Tall Whites, almost human looking with slightly larger craniums, not huge like grays.  They were standing beside a beautiful mirror finish UFO, almost invisible in the trees.  I was afraid, all movies showed aliens were evil invaders.  In an instant they disappeared and a stick and the leaves between them and me all jumped to new positions like a piece of film missing.   I walked back to camp thinking I had shot two squirrels, but couldn't shoot the third one because of the great sadness I felt coming from him as he looked at me.  It was his eyes, like squirrels eyes that made me remember the sticks and leaves and aliens and UFO.  And I didn't have the two squirrels I shot, I would never waste meat.   Later I remembered killing the two.  They were good, I was bad.  I can't think about it anymore, I don't want to know what happened.  I have encountered them many times since then, some just passing by, some with missing time, one with a grid of geometric shaped light bruises on the back of my upper arm, I told my family they took me again, showed them what they did, it was gone the next morning.  They took me at Boy Scout camp as a child, I watched three of them rapidly switch positions as they hovered before leaving, they were triangulating, triple checking and then I watched them go until they were one point of light that faded away towards a summer star, theirs maybe. They took me at a railroad crossing with an old style wooden arm across the highway in part of west Texas where there are no railroads for hundreds of miles.  That was 3 years ago, I am 59 now.  I don't know why they won't leave me alone but I think they want me to build something I saw in a dream as a child.  The last UFO was so bright everything looked different shades of white for hundreds of yards and it was about 3 A.M.  Maybe someday I will post abou! t the tw o secret space stations I found in my telescope and the MIB taking pictures that ran from me and the unmarked almost silent helicopter that hovered over my home and pointed a mini-gun at my wife and child while I was in the house, all within a few days.  I had threatened to release the Right Ascensions and Declinations.  I told them (MUFON, who turned me in) I didn't really know, I hadn't looked because I didn't align my telescope properly and I was just stargazing and stumbled across ships moving back and forth between them. I am rambling now, I'm sorry.  I don't trust the grays, they are fallen angels, enslavers of mankind.  The Tall Whites are Angels.  I don't give a crap if anyone believes me and never have.  I know what I have experienced, I just don't know what they want yet.;30.0451000000001;-99.1417000000001
