3 pulsing red lights in triangular formation over Midlothian & Posen, IL...One by one they flicker out and dissappear.;2005-10-01 00:55:00;10-15 minutes;3 pulsing red lights in triangular formation over Midlothian & Posen, IL...One by one they flicker out and dissappear. During the early morning hour of October 1, 2005, my friends and I were traveling from White Castle's in Midlothian, IL to our friend's house in Posen, IL.  My friend and I pulled up into her driveway and the rest of our friends parked on the street.  As we were walking up to enter her house, our one friends who had parked on the street called for us to come over by him.  The rest of our friends were looking up to the sky and when we finally made it over by them, we saw what they saw.  3 pulsing red lights that were in a triangular shape in the western sky.  They were not moving fast and almost seemed to be hovering, while staying in that exact formation.  It was something you would see out of a movie.  At first I thought they were lights on towers or something, but they obviously were not.  My friend instantly called our one friend who had gone home instead and he went out into his yard and saw the same thing as we did.  He also called his brother who went out right away and saw the triangular formation of red lights as well.  I watched them for a little bit and ran inside with my friend.  We looked out her back bedroom window and we could still see them in the sky.  I went to the bathroom and then called my parents while I was still inside the house.  I described to them what I saw and I told them to go outside.  They were looking in the west, but said that they found them to be in the east sky.  And that there were only two pulsing red lights now.  I thought that was odd, because I saw three, so I went outside and looked to the western sky where I originally had seen the triangular formation.  They were not there.  I looked over at my friends and they were all looking straight above into the sky.  In the time that I was in the house they had moved to directly above where we were standing.  I asked my friends what happened to the third light and they said that it had gone out!!  About this time one of our friends called the Midlothian Police non-emergency number.  He said he had to report something he saw, and before finishing the statement, the dispatcher asked if it was the three red lights in the sky.  They said that it has been reported already and that they were looking into it.  We also contacted the Posen Police non-emergency number who only offered to send out an officer.  So I stayed on the phone with my parents while we were watching the red lights.  They moved further east and the second light flickered slowly and then burnt out.  A little further east and the first light did the same, so there were no more lights in the sky.  It was like we knew when the lights were going to go out.  They went out in order from the far left light, then the far right light, and then finally the point on the triangle went out.  When they were directly above us the two lights seemed to have moved closer together, with the tip of the triangle only a little bit ahead of the other light. Another odd (maybe) thing was that there were many shooting stars in the sky (according to my friends who saw them when I was inside for the short time).   These pulsing red lights did not seem to be attached to any sort of aircraft that we could see.  They were extremely high in the sky compared to the plane that had passed below them when we first sighted it.  My father also looked at them with binoculars and said that it looked the same as with the naked eye, and he could not see an aircraft either.  The next day my brother's friend at work told him that he saw two red pulsing lights in the sky while he was at the K-Mart in Tinley Park, IL around 1 am.  Three member's of our friend's family also saw the three red lights.  Also, our neighbors in Midlothian, IL told us that they saw white lights flashing across the eastern sky around 10:45 pm of Sept. 30th, only hours before we saw the red lights.  They said that they would dash back and forth across the sky, sometimes one at a time or in clusters, and sometimes in a straight line or in triangular formations.  I never want to see anything like this again in my lifetime...that is all I can say! (NUFORC Note:  All reports of the two sightings (23:15 hrs., 30SE05, and 01:10 hrs., 01OC05) from Illinois will be passed along to Dr. Mark Rodighier, Director of the CENTER FOR UFO STUDIES, Chicago, as well as to Mr. Dave Marler, State Director of the MUTUAL UFO NETWORK for the State of Illinois, who will pass them along to his Field Investigators in the Chicago area.   We would be most grateful if witnesses to this event would please submit a detailed report of their sighting, using the ONLINE REPORT FORM on our website, and we will pass those reports along to those two investigators above.   PD));41.6352;-87.7325
Red lights, southland Chicago;2005-10-01 01:00:00;20-25minutes;Red lights, southland Chicago I was also a witness to the South Chicago red lights in sky event. What I am not reading or hearing is HOW they disappeared. We (me and two other friends) watched them for almost a good half hour, they really never seemed to move, but yet, they WERE moving. We witnessed them coming out of the west and moving due east towards lake michigan. Around 1:30am cst, they flickered violently and just VANISHED one after the other only a few seconds apart from one another. However, i must mention, about 20 minutes prior to witnessing this event I witnessed a very low shooting star directly overhead (my two friends didn't see this). I don't know if it was related or if it was just a coincidence. I was in the Air Force and i know the closest base is in Peoria , Il, i know this wasn't a military experiment! (NUFORC Note:  All reports of the two sightings (23:15 hrs., 30SE05, and 01:10 hrs., 01OC05) from Illinois will be passed along to Dr. Mark Rodighier, Director of the CENTER FOR UFO STUDIES, Chicago, as well as to Mr. Dave Marler, State Director of the MUTUAL UFO NETWORK for the State of Illinois, who will pass them along to his Field Investigators in the Chicago area.   We would be most grateful if witnesses to this event would please submit a detailed report of their sighting, using the ONLINE REPORT FORM on our website, and we will pass those reports along to those two investigators above.   PD));41.6352;-87.7325
