Two craft sighted in the night sky over Nashville, NC, flying in a North Northeast direction.;2009-04-17 22:35:00;7-8 seconds;Two craft sighted in the night sky over Nashville, NC flying in a North Northeast direction. On Friday April 17, 2009 at approximately 22:36 hours a friend and I witnessed two objects in the sky over Nashville, NC. These objects flew side by side at a high rate of speed emitting no sound and leaving no vapor trail. They flew at a steady speed and at a constant distance apart from each other. There were no lights on these craft and seemed to be reflecting ambient light from the material they were made with. It resembled a semi polished aluminum or titanium. The craft flew in a North, Northeasterly direction. The speed at which the craft traveled was comparable to that of a low flying military fighter. The craft seemed to be approximately 20-25,000 feet in the air. I am no flight expert but it seemed to be at an altitude slightly higher than what a helicopter would fly. The craft appeared to be flying in a formation with one slightly ahead of the other. As stated before, these craft traveled without making a sound. I only noticed the objects because I had went outside to smoke and happened to be looking at the stars noticing what a clear night it was. The objects seemed to be round or a slight elliptical shape. This is the second time I have witnessed unidentified objects. The other sighting was approximately 17 years ago near Warrenton, VA. That sighting was confirmed by documentation with a government agency of other reports.;35.9843;-77.9595
Rumbling noise, lights, multicolor lights, medium speed going across the sky.;2011-05-21 01:29:00;6 Minutes;Rumbling noise, lights, multicolor lights, medium speed going across the sky. I was sitting inside my house watching television and all of a sudden I heard a very loud and robust rumbling outside my house so curious to what it was I opened my front door and looked outside and saw 2 white lights and 2 multicolor lights in an oval formation going at a medium sort of speed, not very fast but not slow. The rumbling noise was very very unique and I've never heard anything like it before.  After standing in awe for a few minutes or so I grabbed my phone in my pocket and tried to get some pictures of it but the quality is horrid and you can't even make out the lights at all.  I've tried taking pictures of the moon and stuff before with my phone camera but it never comes out right on the black and the quality of the camera.  A minute later the lights disappeared behind the trees and the rumbling was slowly getting less and less prominent.  Soon it completely stopped and I just went back inside in pure shock.;35.9843;-77.9595
