Fireball impact , intelligent colorful lights, orbs, invisible crafts , mind-control, odd animal behavior, alien body;1997-07-07 23:00:00;18 hrs;Fireball impact , intelligent colorful lights, orbs, invisible crafts , mind-control, odd animal behavior, alien body   This is the Story of a UFO crash or unexplained phenomenon on a clear night in early July of 1997.  Several witnesses claim to have seen a fireball crash just beyond a small strip of forest located at 43° 4'15.80N, 85°52'55.99W, near Coopersville,Mi   Unofficial reports claim the witnesses came in contact with intelligent colorful lights or orbs shortly after the impact.  These orbs seemed to mimic the witnesses’ movements and emit an overwhelming sense of fear or terror into those that got too close. Mechanical sounds, such as the hum from transformer or generator could be heard nearby but never be located.  A spotlight was seen overhead shining down as if searching for something.  The source of light seemed to come from a craft that was invisible to the eye and silent to the ear.  Yet its presence was evident due to the disturbance in the tree tops created by its exhaust or propulsion system. The following day two witnesses returned to further investigate and claimed to encounter the same overwhelming sense of fear but this time they were suddenly surrounded by hundreds of black birds filling the trees all around them.  Their attention was directed into the center of the forest about 20 yards away where the black birds’ seemed to be focused.  There they saw an Un-humanoid figure laying face up, being pecked at by these birds.  The body was described as being small and frail with an over sized head and black almond shaped eyes. Its color seemed to be a cross between peach, gray and purple.  The  witnesses wanted to get closer for a better look, however, the fear became too overwhelming and forced them to retreat far away, back to the house a 1/4 mile away.  They were unable to look back the entire hike back, they felt a presence that seemed to be following them. An hour later the two returned with several friends to the area expecting to, at the least find the remains of a deer or something.  But nothing was there. No deer, no birds, no alien body, nothing, not even the fear.  If you look about one hundred yards east of the forest, in the orchard, you see an impact crater/burn mark still visible.  Also, one of the witnesses claims to have had several more close encounters with the same beings in what is described as being similar to a lucid dream. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.0608;-85.9485
