Has been happening almost every night for several months, multiple orange glowing and or flashing orb like lights, few-ground: most-sky;2014-02-17 19:00:00;months;Has been happening almost every night for several months, multiple orange glowing and or flashing orb like lights, few-ground:  most-sky I am usually not one to believe in the paranormal, or aliens, or UFO type things.  I also am not usually a star gazer.  However, after seeing two orange, glowing, floating, very close by, orb-like lights I am convinced that SOMETHING is not right in the Alabama night sky!  I don't understand how people are dismissing ALMOST ALL of the many reports of these strange lights as Chinese lanterns, planes, jets, etc. What I seen that first night, about four months ago has led me to pay alot more attention to the sky at night especially.  What I have seen EVERY SINGLE NIGHT with the exception of four or five nights (too cloudy to see anything in the sky) has me quite frankly terrified.  I believe there is a huge problem with this rash of strange lights, and why are so many people seeing this stuff, and it's not in the media, it's like all being dismissed to the point I wonder about government cover up, but then again, maybe most really believe the dismisal explanations are true. What I have seen EVERY NIGHT, and you can come to Decatur Alabama as well, any night, and see also, cannot possibly be lanterns, you cannot convince me that peoples' lanterns are going in unison type lines together, flashing colors at each other (most the time it's orange fire looking colored, but also suddenly flashing to red, white, green, or blue) it often looks as if whatever they are the lights are trying to communicate...  But you also can't convince me that they are planes, seeing how what I am seeing tends to NOT travel much, or else it travels so fast you will miss it if you blink.  These lights seem to me to be in almost the same general areas of the sky every night.  They seem to me to also be trying to blend in with star formations like the dippers, and even blending with rooftops and trees as someone else said on the NUFORC pages. I am not the only one at my home who has seen the lights above Decatur, my adult nephew has seen them, and like me, he can't figure out what the lights are.   My niece and I both seen multiple of these glowing orb like lights land behind the backyard fence, in our neighbor's out back yard, late one night, some were not completely landed, as they were simply floating around fence level, some were just above the roofs of houses close by out back.   Another house, that same night, had what apeared to be a huge, floating fireball just barely above their roof.  My niece and I came inside as things got too weird watching the lights outside, so we went upstairs, leaving the house lights off, and watched out the window for several minutes, as the fireball looking one floated in one spot, and the orange orb ones on the ground in the neighbor's yard outback, moved ever so slow, then sudden, then slow,  and as the other orange orb looking ones that were floating at what looked like fence! level just sort of would rise and sink, rise and sink....  Trust me I know how this all sounds, I wouldn't be posting this if I didn't feel very strongly that these lights are BAD NEWS, if they were nothing of concern why wouldn't or couldn't we all just know what is going on, why wouldn't these lights (which are showing up literally all over the world) be on the news, or something. The lights that stay in the sky at night, the ones that seem to try to blend in with the trees and rooftop areas, they are the ones that flash different colors.  Sometimes they seem to stay orange, other times they flash red, blue, white, and I am pretty sure they every now and then flash green.  These lights seem as if they communicate.   Once again, I was never a star gazer, and I don't want to post on a website exactly what: however, I did something I should not have done, and have been scared to go outside and smoke a cigarette at night since.   Again, I know how this must sound, I am the last person who I would have expected to now be questioning UFO exisistance, but since NOBODY definatively knows or will say what these lights are for sure, then that factually makes them UNIDENTIFIED, flying lights and or objects.;34.5852333333328;-86.9921095238102
