Charbonneau Park, Rosemere, PQ. Diamond shaped object hovered directly over Milles Illes River to the right of me.;1988-08-15 23:00:00;3 hours;Charbonneau Park, Rosemere, PQ. Diamond shaped object hovered directly over Milles Illes River to the right of me. Charbonneau Park - 23:00hrs - Thought sea plane was coming in over Milles Illes River for landing. Craft stopped directly in mid air to the right of me and hovered approximately 50 feet over the river.  Lost all radio signal in car.  I got out of the car, walked down to the end of the dock to get up closer. There were lights on the object, which was probably the length of a bus. There was no noise except for a humming sound. I put my arms up for some strange reason.   All I can remember after that is standing there with my arms down to my sides as I watched the object leave.  It went to the right, then up to the left, and then went straight up. This probably took a matter of maybe 3 seconds before I could no longer see it.  I got back into the car and it was 2:00am. There was 3 hours missing. I drove home and tried to sleep but couldn't, so I stood at my window which was in front of the house.   Rosemere is a small town that is in the lower laurentians.  Very few moose are seen in the area.  A bull moose walked right by the house and down the street while I was standing there by the window.  I woke my brother up to tell him.  The next day, this was reported on the news as the moose was taken by helicopter way back up North to where it had originally travelled from.  I moved to Ontario in October of that year. I developed an infection on my cheek, was hospitalised in Novemer with a major intestinal infection, and had to have 7-8 feet of intestine removed that had gone gangrenous.  To this day, I can't seem to forget what I saw or understand why I saw it.   There have been other UFO sightings which have been witnessed in Rosemere, but I'm not sure if they were ever reported.  My story is true. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));45.6362;-73.8061
