A soundless, bright blue light that moved very fast and felt as though it was not a thing but a person.;2000-12-15 01:09:00;5 seconds;A soundless, bright blue light that moved very fast and felt as though it was not a thing but a person. It was a large bright sky blue light that streaked across the sky at a high rate of speed In a southwesterly direction. It was an overcast night and no stars could be seen.It was outside of the window and my back was turned to that area,so I didn't see it,I felt it, like it was looking a me.I looked back and saw it to be no more than 25-50 feet above ground.It moved faster than a helicopter or low-flying plane and it was not a stormy night.It made no sound.It seemed to light up the whole valley;39.2777;-123.228
Pulsing Red Light (orb?) stayed still then moved across the sky and faded away in Redwood Valley;2013-02-13 19:47:00;3 minutes;Pulsing Red Light (orb?) stayed still then moved across the sky and faded away in Redwood Valley At about 7:45pm I arrived at a house in Redwood Valley from Ukiah and was admiring how clear the night was and how many stars there were with a friend.   I didn’t notice it at first, but all of a sudden I saw a very large red/orange light.   At first I thought maybe it was Mars, since I somewhat remember being able to see a faint red glow of a planet in Los Angeles – where I am from.  But I started thinking that it was too big to be a planet. My friend and I didn’t know what to make of it and both tried to take a photo – which didn’t work because all we had were our phones.   Then the bright star looking thing starting moving across the sky at a controlled speed that was fast, but not super fast, and pulsing slightly – so slightly I could barely tell it was even happening.  After about 15 seconds it stopped moving and began to fade until it was gone and I was back where I started admiring the sky.  My friend and I were at separate functions before this, we do not do drugs, we come from complete different backgrounds (SoCal and Massachusetts) and we saw the exact same thing.;39.2777;-123.228
