Bright Round Object Winking Off  and On Fast Manuevers and a Triangle Next Night Appeared;2000-06-30 22:00:00;20/30 Minutes;Bright Round Object Winking Off  and On Fast Manuevers and a Triangle Next Night Appeared It was about 10:00/10:30 approx. more or less.  I was laying on our bed in master-bedroom just gazing at the stars as it was a still/quite night.  We have a sliding door from the bedroom and the kitchen area leading out to patio.  I noticed a bright white, round object.  What made me aware/alert that it was not a star was that it was Number 1:  Making itself WINK in and OUT.  2:  It made itself GROW LARGE & then GROW SMALL again repeatedly.  This went on for awhile.  3:  I decided to call a close friend of mine that I had worked with in the Aerospace Industry locally years ago to come over and see what I was witnessing.  So she came over with one of her brothers to see the object.  We went into the Kitchen and started to watch the object from the sliding glass door inside the house in the kitchen area as it was cold outside.  We witnessed the object continue to WINK IN AND OUT and Change Size.  Then we watched it do MANUEVERS at HIGH SPEEDS across the Sky then stop and then REVERT BACK to the original area it first was seen.  We got excited.  We also saw a Small Commerical Airplane in the area and that Airplane took off as fast as it could when it saw the OBJECT we was seeing.  It got the heck out of the area as fast as it could.  We all laughed together because we all thought gee we are glad we ain't up there with that strange object in the sky.  My friends brother however after awhile he was in denial of what we was seeing so he made excused by saying it had to be someone pointing a flashlight in the sky playing tricks outside.  I never bought into that theory as you would have to be an idiot not to realize the object we saw a flashlight could not perform that kind of manuever nor that high up in the sky as well as blink in and out and disapear from the naked eye and then reappear.  The next night I decided to borrow my friends husbands Binoculiars to view the sky and see if the object would reappear.  This time it was ANOTHER object far up into the sky it was Triangle Shape in size with Three round objects underneath on each point of the craft.  It was stationary.  I placed a call this time to Nasa up in Palo Alto/Sunnyvale area in the Bay Area.  A lady got me in touch with a well-known Scientist, book author who studied this type of stuff.  He was a member of Mufon he and his partner came and interviewed, video-taped me.  Several years after these events while I was out in our Hot tub in the backyard I witnessed a Light PINK Translucent UFO that was able to Appear out of no where and it was almost in the shape of a FLY just to give you an idea of the SHAPE.  It somewhat flowed and then disappeared.  It was most incredible to have seen out of all the ones I have seen over the years.  So far I have seen 2 Orange Round Objects, 1 Triangle Object, 1 round Object, 1 Pinkish Translucent Object shape of a Fly. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have assigned an approximate date above.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  One of several reports from the same source.  PD));36.8444;-121.367
Orange glowing disc over Hollister, CA;2009-06-06 00:01:00;1 min;Orange glowing disc over Hollister, CA I saw a round baseball size glowing orange ball that zipped horizontally back and forth several times, it glowed dim and then bright. It stopped moving and then just faded away. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.8444;-121.367
Four multi colored orbs/lights over Hollister CA on 11/27/2013.;2013-11-27 16:00:00;5 minutes;Four multi colored orbs / lights over Hollister CA on 11/27/2013 I stepped outside about 8:00 pm and walked southbound about 50 yards from the house, as I turned around and began walking Northbound I saw what I thought was a plane going into the little airport in Hollister.   Then I saw what appeared to be a red light, as I watched I was thinking this must be the southern end of the flight path to San Jose airport.   Then I saw a second ball of light that had more colors, again thinking these were planes I just watched then all of a sudden the first light moved back in a unnatural way towards the second light.  It was at that time that I realized there was no sound.   I listened intently to see if I could here a plane, or helicopter.  There was nothing no sound.   Then, as I continued to walk Norhtbound toward downtown Hollister, I saw 2 more orbs, for a total of 4 orbs.  They were all changing multiple colores, and they moved back and forth, up and down very quickly and almost gracefully.   I thought I should get my family to have the! m bring out a camera, and I turned again to walk back Sothbound to the house, as I looked over my shoulder to continue watching they all just seemed to disappear.   I heard no noise, saw no lights shining up  like search lights, or did not see any other air traffic.  I went back inside, and was a little freaked out because I believe that I just saw a UFO's.   I have searched the local papers and news for any other reported sightings  since last night, and as of this report I have not found any other sightings or explanation for these lights over Hollister, Ca.;36.8444;-121.367
This photo was captured on a house camera at 1241 mariposa the photo captured my aunts house at 160 miller rd and in the photo it clear;2020-02-23 00:00:00;Unknown;This photo was captured on a house camera at ((address deleted)) the photo captured my aunts house at 160 miller rd and in the photo it clearly shows lights above her house even to to the next house.on a closer look it appears to be a UFO ill try to send that photo and a nother normal one;36.8444;-121.367
Many craft moving quickly in a straight line.;2020-12-03 18:15:00;3 min;Many craft moving quickly in a straight line. We were walking through our backyard which leads to an alley that is very dark. I always look up at the stars. I looked up & gasped, & my 25 year old daughter looked up & directly above our heads were 15-20 craft, moving quickly, in an exact straight line. It looked like they were round with just one large round light on the bottom. They were absolutely silent. We watched them until we could no longer see them, just a matter of minutes. She got two pictures on her iphone. I am emailing them to you.;36.8444;-121.367
