Silver Disk Shape Object Flys over Motorcross Hill Climbers Heads in Hollister, CA;1978-06-30 14:00:00;15:00/20:00;Silver Disk Shape Object Flys over Motorcross Hill Climbers Heads in Hollister, CA It was approx. 1977/1978 era and was a little the the early afternoon.   My brothers and our neighbor took their Dirtbike Motorcycles out to go ride off Hwy. 25 in Hollister, CA in a place known locally back in them days as The Pitts.  It is adjacent to the Police Shooting range now.  But back in them days it was a sandy/dirt hill that local kids would (sneak onto this private property) and do what Motorcross riders call Hill Climbing.   My two brothers were hill climbing with our neighbor when they all three spotted in daylight, clear day, a Silver Disk come out of no where and sneak up on them over their heads in the sky (yet close enough for them to see the object).  They got to the top of the hillside and stopped their dirtbikes looking at it.  They all said  what is that ?   They got so spooked and scared they rode their dirtbikes home.  I happen to be in the kitchen with my mom.  They came in with so much excitment and fear they told me of what they saw.  But was still so scared they stopped talking about it.   My mom was so scared for them she told them not to be going out to the Pitts to ride anymore.  She said,  I told you boys to stay away from that private property.   The one brother is now a Director of Engineers for a Government Contracting Company in Silicon Valley.   The other brother is a Chemical Engineer in Silicon Valley.   The other brother works in Construction.   The neighbor boy was a Sargeant in the Army when he got older.    These are all level headed, smart individuals. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in 1979 is approximate.  One of several reports from the same source.  We requested that the witness have her brothers submit reports, as well, but she responds that that is not possible, for some reason.  We are unable to certify that this is intended as a serious report.  PD));36.8444;-121.367
Unidentified Flying Object in Lone Tree Rd. San Benito County, Hollister;2009-12-20 05:45:00;20 minutes;Unidentified Flying Object in Lone Tree Rd. San Benito County, Hollister It seemed as tough there was a craft with a powerful beam of light searching for something, the intensity of the light was soo bright it seemed like search or light house.  My friend as and were watching the saucer as it blinked with intensity.  We immediately got into the car and drove down lone tree road because all this took place approximately on the top of Lone Tree Rd.  The craft followed us down to a turn where it seemed to hoover at the end of the road where as my friend and I had to drive underneath it in order to leave. ((NUFORC Note:  Source elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.8444;-121.367
