ORANGE BRIGHT EGG SHAPED OBJECTS;1979-06-01 22:00:00;2 Minutes;ORANGE BRIGHT EGG SHAPED OBJECTS My Brother picked me up late from Basketball Practice.  Drove me home off Bolsa Road.    It was Cold and very dark out that evening as it was Winter Season.  Our road we lived on was not a (through road).  It was out in the Country which surrounded Agriculture Fields and Hills.  When we got to our Mail box off the side of the road (which allows you to turn onto our small path leading to our home my brother (stopped the car near the mail box).  We both got silent as we both were looking at the same thing at about the same time.  He finally said do you see what I see?  I could not look at him, I was scared and could not believe what I was seeing myself.  It was (two Egg Shaped round objects) spinning as fast as they could (side to side within space between them).  They where in the (Deepest Bright Orange Colors) I had ever seen.  We just sat there staring at them too frightened.  (They appeared out of no where)  My brother finally said come on lets go home.  When we got near our home my brother asked if we should call and report it to the Police our tell our mother what we saw.  I said NO, lets just tell mom.  I never forgot that experience.  To this day my brother don't care to talk about it as he is a Engineer. I don't think to this day he really wants to believe or accept what he saw.  So, we don't talk about it.  I know exactly what we saw and deep down I know he does also. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in 1979 is approximate.  One of several reports from the same source.  PD));36.8444;-121.367
I was in High School just got out of late Basketball Practice.  My older brother came to pick me up and take me home.  It was late even;1980-02-15 22:00:00;10 minutes more or less;I was in High School just got out of late Basketball Practice.  My older brother came to pick me up and take me home.  It was late evening.  It was dark, cold outside.  It was off Bolsa Road off Hwy 25 on old McConnell Road where this occured.  Observation:  2 large orange glowing objects kept spinning (high rate of speed) side to side of one another.  They were somewhat Oval/Egg shape.  I recall that they spun almost oblong looking in other words not perfectly round.  My brother asked me if I was seeing what he was seeing.  He had stopped the Car on the one way road near our mailbox that was near the Apricot/Walnut orchard trees.  I told him yes, what do you think it is ?  He said I believe they are UFO's and then he told me he was scared.  I did not take my eyes off the orange objects.  I was more frozen then anything out of fear of what we were seeing.  About that time I recall thinking to myself I wonder if anyone else is seeing what we are seeing.  All I saw on the right side in the distance of Hwy 25. was one car going by.  We were all alone on this one way road (McConnell).  About that time my brother asked me what we should do?  I said I don't know.  He said should we call the cops or should we just go home and tell our mom.  I wanted to keep looking at the objects.  But he started to get more scared of what we were seeing.  So we went home and my brother told my mom who was in the Kitchen when we returned home.  To this day that brother is a Director of Engineers in Silicon Valley.  I brought it up to him about three years ago and he was uncomfortable about the subject and was in denial (to himself) of the subject.  It was as if he wanted it to all go away and NEVER be brought up again.  So I never talk about it to him out of respect. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have assigned an approximate date above.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  One of several reports from the same source.  PD));36.8444;-121.367
Reddish Orange egg shaped object spotted in or near Northern California/ Central Valley;2018-09-23 08:28:00;<120 seconds;Reddish Orange egg shaped object spotted in or near Northern California/ Central Valley I was exiting my living room and immediately noticed the object as I looked up due North at about 1:00 o’clock position and realized it was moving erratic.   I called my wife to come out and get a look.  By the time my wife came outdoors it had become mostly stationary and the intensity of the light had become bright.  The light then dimmed out and faded into the night sky.  The Color of this object remained a fire colored orange reddish color through out the observation which lasted no more than 2 minutes.   It was quite noticeable despite a bright full moon.  I’d estimate the object to be somewhere in the vicinity of the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory, or somewhere in the vicinity of Northern Central Valley California.;36.8444;-121.367
