I was following a contrail which was not the usual contrail, it had a very robust signature and a glowing aspect to it. It was heading ;2002-09-19 19:30:00;5 minutes;I was following a contrail which was not the usual contrail, it had a very robust signature and a glowing aspect to it. It was heading south to north and all of the sudden it blew up? ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch from Vandenberg AFB.  Please see article.  PD)) ((BEGIN ASSOCIATED PRESS ARTICLE ABOUT LAUNCH)) Air Force Test Missile Out West Fri Sep 20, 1:25 AM ET VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AP) - An Air Force missile test Thursday provided a spectacular light show seen over California and much of the West, as far away as Utah and New Mexico. The colorful contrail was seen soon after the unarmed Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile blasted off at 7:36 p.m. from an underground silo at the Vandenberg military base north of Santa Barbara. The smoke went up in spirals as the sun was setting and turned into an orange, amber color. It was like a flower going into bloom pretty quickly, said Simon Cox, who saw it from a restaurant terrace in Santa Barbara. The missile traveled about 4,200 miles in about 30 minutes, striking a predetermined target at the Kwajalein Missile Range in the western chain of the Marshall Islands, the Air Force said. Vandenberg spokeswoman Kelly Gabel said clear conditions were responsible for the spectacular light show. We do this two or three times a year, but because the weather was so perfect we decided to launch it early, Gabel said. As a result, people were still awake to see it, and although the sun had set, sunlight below the horizon glinted off unspent fuel particles and water droplets. Suddenly we're getting calls from people as far away as New Mexico who saw it and want to know what it is, Gabel said. The mission was directed by the 576th Flight Test Squadron at Vandenberg and the 341th Space Wing and the 341st Space Wing, from Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana. The purpose was to test launch systems and the missile's accuracy and reliability. ((END ARTICLE BY ASSOCIATED PRESS));36.8444;-121.367
Break of dawn, an orange sphere shooting thru the sky stops & hovers with an huge white light illuminating from it in a cone shape.;2006-04-07 06:05:00;3 minutes;Break of dawn, an orange sphere shooting thru the sky stops & hovers with an huge white light illuminating from it in a cone shape. I thought It was a meteor shooting thru the sky as it looked larger than a shooting star but bright and orangish in color.  It appeared to be gone when all of the sudden to the west something was in the sky and all I could see was a huge bright spotlight illuminating from it. I could not see the shape of the ufo as the light was too bright.  It seem to be still or moving very slowly and I stood mesmerized watching it for about one minute.  All of the sudden it was simply gone, no noise.  I looked around frantically and did see a light shooting off in the distance to the South upward.  I could then see a purple haze or vapor against the morning sky trailing off in the distance to the South. I also noticed in the sky as I continued my walk just southeast, some angular shaped white vapor trails like those an airplane would normally leave.  But since they were angular and zig zagging everywhere..I assume they also came from this ufo.;36.8444;-121.367
