Small, bright-white light disappears into another larger, diffuse light (at sunset).;1982-08-01 19:00:00;2 min;Small, bright-white light disappears into another larger, diffuse light (at sunset). I am writing to you today to document what happened to me as a child (about 14yr of age).   It was a mostly sunny and warm day in summer.  I climbed onto the top of my Dad's camper and was lying on my back, watching the sunset.   I noticed a small, bright, white, light moving west to east across the sky at a mediun, steady pace.  Within seconds, a second light appeared to the east of, and slightly above, the first.  This light was round and white, but many times larger than the first, and diffuse.   The first light continued moving east until it was directly below the second.  There was a brief hesitation, then the first light shot straight up into the second.  When the two lights came together, they both instantly disappeared.;44.7527240601505;-93.282006766917
Two star like objects accelerate and fade one after the other.;2003-08-12 21:30:00;10 seconds;Two star like objects accelerate and fade one after the other. I was standing outside in my backyard, which faces east, and was watching the sky as I usually do this time of evening. I noticed a very bright object about the size of the brightest star, which at first, was moving at an almost imperceptible speed. It was in the east, southeast part of the sky, at an angle of about 30 degrees. It accelerated north from its position, but always moving slower than a satelite, and faded out at about 5 degrees from its original position. I searched for the object for about 4 seconds when I noticed another object of the same magnitude a few degrees southwest of the first. It moved the same direction and speed as the first, and it also faded in the same manner and area as the first. Again, both objects seemed not to be moving at first, but accelerated about 5 degrees from their original positions and faded. Most satelites I watch travel well past 90 degrees at this time in the evening, and I've never seen 2 satelites travel this close to each other. ((NUFORC Note:  We observe that the planet, Mars, would be in the area of the sky that the witness indicates at the time of the sighting, and it would be very prominent.  It does not move perceptibly.  We do not know what the witness observed.  PD));44.7527240601505;-93.282006766917
UFO lights over Minnesota River in Burnsville that resemble the Phoenix lights.;2007-10-03 19:15:00;Hour and a half;UFO lights over Minnesota River in Burnsville that resemble the Phoenix lights. I am a female and I'm 26 years old.  My brother who is the other witness is 19 years old.  I have seen UFO's before, but nothing like this.  It was about 7:15pm, the sun was down, but it was still a little light out. I was driving back home on 35W with my brother and I noticed a bright light in the sky. I'm so used to seeing jets and airplanes around here, I know what they look like in the sky, but this light was much different. Well as we were getting closer to home I noticed another light, then a couple seconds later another one appeared and I noticed they all formed a weird triangle formation. Well trees got in the way and I couldn't see the UFO's any more. Well about ten minutes later my jaw just dropped to the floor, because I saw five lights all spaced out equally and they were in a slight V-shape formation. Right away I thought of the Phoenix Lights, because I do remember what they looked liked. Now I knew these had to be UFO's and I got all excited. I told my brother to look and I told him that there is no way that those are jets, because they were too close together. My brother was just as amazed as I was and he wanted to take some pictures, so we took our exit and went straight to this service road that brought us closer to the lights. We pulled in a parking lot since it was uphill and we could get a better view. I noticed two other lights as I pulled into the parking lot but they were not part of the formation. We got out of my car and I took a couple pictures with my cellphone. We were facing north and we could see Downtown Minneapolis from where we were.  The UFO's were hovering above or at least along the banks of the Minnesota River, it was hard to tell. The whole formation was about a mile across. That's my best guest. I noticed that there was one UFO that was brighter than the rest and it was right in the middle. The color was a very bright golden-white.  I could see three seperate lights from that UFO, but the lights were so bright it looked like one. The rest of the UF! O's were n't as bright as this one, but they were of the same color. The UFO's didn't move forward or backwards. They just stayed there for five minutes or so and then they moved up or down, but just a little bit. We watched them for about 20mins and the formation changed a couple of times. Then all of a sudden one UFO that was on end of the right side moved out of formation and was moving slowly toward us. On this UFO I could see that it also had about three lights. I almost thought it was a airplane because of it's size, but then the lights weren't flashing and it looked like a boomerang? My brother got scared thinking that we were going to get abducted by this UFO and he wanted me to drive out of there. We got back in the car and I drove back home. I wanted to go back there and take better pictures with my digital camera. We only live five minutes from the parking lot, so I figured we would have some time to see them again. I got the camera and we went back to the parking lot. Sure enough they were still there! The time was around 8pm and there were just four lights. Now the brightest of the UFO's, the one in the middle drifted off and did it's own thing for a minute or so and then it went back to the middle again. I used my camera to take some pictures, but it came out crappy. I also video taped it, but that didn't come out as nice either. After I felt I couldn't get any good pictures from where we were, I decided to drive closer. I went back to 35W going north and as I was crossing the Minnesota River I looked to my right and I could see the UFO that was once in the middle of the formation, the really bright UFO I mentioned before. Since I was closer to the UFO I could see that the color of the light was a super bright white, the brightest light I have ever seen in my life. The best way I can describe the brightness is that it was like stadium lights. It also was hovering very low near the river. To me it looked like it was searching for something, because it was so low. I later heard from my mom that some t! ime in t he afternoon some people around the Twin Cities reported a metallic or flaming ball in the sky and some reported hearing a loud boom. My other brother has told me that some UFO's appear during or after a meteor?? If anyone is interested in my story or would like to help me figure out how I could get my video and or pictures in better quality, please contact me! Thanks! P.S. The two pictures have not been messed with and they are small in size since I took them with my cell phone and as for the video, I used my digital camera. I hope to at least get the video in better quality.  P.S. The whole UFO event lasted about an hour and a half.  From about 7:15pm to 8:45pm.;44.7527240601505;-93.282006766917
Plume of white mist descending at a 45 degree angle, lasting 10 minutes and dissipated.;2014-10-16 12:00:00;10 minutes;Plume of white mist descending at a 45 degree angle, lasting 10 minutes and dissipated. I'm in my car ready to leave Costco and and I happen to look up and see a plume of white mist- almost like a contrail, descending in a downward trajectory at a 45 degree angle.  It moved fairly quick.  The white mist had a very long tail. I looked for a plane but couldn't find any aircraft in the area. I sat in my car and watched this object move very slow and deliberate.  At times it seemed as if it would pause and then start moving again.  The cloud cover was infrequent and what clouds there were, were wispy.  I saw the object pause several times and it seemed like it slowed down.  As the object descended downward the contrail- or whatever it was, seemed to decrease and the tail became smaller until it was almost indistinguishable from the object. It paused before going through a wispy cloud.  I sat and waited until it came through the cloud but it never appeared again.  There was no debris.  One minute it was there and the next it was gone.  And the contrail ceased to exist.  The entire incident lasted approximately 10 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.7527240601505;-93.282006766917
