UFO immobile then hovering the town of Jasper to disappear right over our car…;2016-09-10 01:00:00;20 minutes;UFO immobile then hovering the town of jasper to disappear right over our car... hello, I was with my girlfriend that night and we decided to go watch the stars by the river about 6 km south of town looking north, so i parked with the back of my car facing the river. We stayed in the car laying in a bed we made watching.  All of a sudden I was watching the stars and a star appeared right in front of me, a very bright star that had the brightness of a planet.  So i kept looking and I told my girlfriend to look at it to swearing that I had just seen it appear.  We both started looking at the star for about 3 or 4 minutes when the star just disappeared.  We kept looking at the spot where the star was until it re appeared again. it appeared and disappeared every 3 or 4 minutes for about 15 minutes staying in the same spot the entire time.  Then, as I was looking at it bright again for a few minutes. I was looking at it and all of a sudden it flashed brightly three times, to then dim away to more of a dim orange light and immediately started moving south, hovering all over jasper slowly and appeared to be loosing altitude but was traveling a straight line, getting so close and so low that I could almost make a shape. it disappeared almost directly over our car.  For about five minutes, I kept looking to see if it would re appear right where in was, almost directly over our car on the East side of town.  All of sudden a loud bang came from out of the trunk area on our car like something landing or hitting.  And then we turned to each other asking if had both heard the noise, we thought maybe it was an animal but our trunk was facing the water and the noise was far to loud for it to be a small animal. then we heard more noises coming from out trunk, so I jumped in the drivers seat to leave.  When I turned on lights and started driving my girlfriend looked in the mirror and said that there was nothing she could see. Also, our dog was in the car and did not react to any of this, even the noises coming from the trunk.;52.8822;-118.0712
