4ships, one comet, and a bright light out of no where;1997-03-31 21:30:00;15minutes;Summary : 4ships, one comet, and a bright light out of no where After dinner at a local restaurant, my husband and I decided to take a look at the sky. We were hoping to see a clear night so we could later come back and photograph the comet.We drove out to the airport farthest from town. The road going in is dirt, and scary, but he grew up here, where I am from the east coast of the states. To me, it was extremely dark out, even with the clear sky.When we arrived at the final part of the road into the airport, we were facing an south easterly direction. In front of us in the sky, were some objects flying from east to west, as best I could tell.I asked my husband to stop, and we got out and watched them fly just under mars and disappear. Later I discovered he had seen two objects closer to the horizon, flying west to east, and flying in a closer formation than what I saw. They were orange in color, and round in shape, but also very far away.They were also flying to fast to be the usual satellite, and too high up to be a plane.I'd seen a light like that last year while looking up at the comet of 1996, while at a pit stop, so I didn't think much of it.There is a light at the actual airport that didn't give us very good viewing of the comet, so we drove back onto the road where we could see. We looked around, and decided to go back home for the camera as picture taking would be excellent, and saw a car comingtowards us. He started up the car, and we took off to home, when out of my window, facing mars, I saw the light returning from the west...just one. I asked him to stop again, I see it I said. As soon as I said it, the object turned straight towards usand I started to scream to him, oh my God, it's coming at us! They're coming for us! I was so scared, and it seemed to fly from a high altitude to a lower one, at which point I began to get very afraid, and I started to yell at it to go away, that we didn't want it here, and it couldn't take us.By the time he had stopped and turned off the car, the object was already speeding away up into the sky, and as he jumped out of the car, I saw the last of it disappear.It happened so quickly, and I was so afraid that we went home to calm down a bit....he still wanted a picture of the comet, and I wasn't about to stay home alone, so I went with him, and we saw nothing, probably because we were prepared with a camera this time!Just this past weekend, a friend of ours said they saw something similiar flying over Hinton, around three am, when he was driving back from Edmonton.I also note that an earthquake, unusual for this area, happened the morning before our sighting, and was a 4.2 (?) located just southeast of Jasper. I reported this to a an association up here called AUFORA, but I haven't heard anything from them. We also checked the flight log at the airport when we went back, andthere was no flight recorded, although there was a plane landed from out of town, and a few unoccupied cars.My husband and I are 30 and 24 repectively, and lead fairly normal lives. Both of us have art degrees, and are planning our first business venture as I write this.;52.8822;-118.0712
