Couple in Eastern Arizona witness strange craft in the night sky;2009-08-19 01:00:00;20 minutes;Couple in Eastern Arizona witness strange craft in the night sky On the night of August 14th, 2009 my husband and I witnessed a strange craft in the sky.  We had been moving into our new house all day and after being completely exhausted, we decided to just go to bed and hang up the curtains the next morning.  We have a large, beautiful window in our bedroom which looks out to the mountains.  On this night we were lying in the dark on the bed on our stomachs enjoying the night sky and talking.  I would say it was almost one a.m. As we were looking towards the mountains we saw three lights in a horizontal row in the sky. White in color, fairly large and round.   Could tell that the lights were attached to some sort of a triangular craft.  The lights didn’t blink or change color.  The placement of the lights did move on the structure.  Three lights on the bottom, the middle light went out and re-appeared on the top so that the three lights formed a triangle.  Then the top light went out, moved back to the bottom and two additional white lights appeared on the bottom for a total of five. It was big but not very close. My husband and I were shocked and speechless.  We jumped out of bed  and ran outside to see if we could get a better look.  The craft wasn’t moving, it was at a standstill in the night sky and it was eerily quiet outside.  There were no blinking lights, no red lights or blue.  It wasn’t an airplane because it wasn’t moving.  It just hovered with us staring at it for about ten minutes and then it started floating away slowly and then before we knew it, it zoomed out into the night sky.  It was shocking and unbelievable.  We had heard of the Phoenix lights before but we were always skeptical.  We have since talked to several people who have said they have experienced strange sightings while camping in the mountains and out where we have lived.  I don’t know what it was in the sky that night, all I can say is that it was strange, foreign and bone-chilling.;33.4030461538462;-110.788207692308
