Group of strange lights in SE Michigan area.  9/21/1998.;1998-09-21 21:00:00;5 minutes;Group of strange lights in SE Michigan area 9/21/1998 On the evening of September 21st, 1998, my girlfriend and I attended a concert put on by and for Ford Motor company employees in Dearborn, MI.  The show location was at the Ford Development Center/proving ground in Dearborn Mi.  The weather that night was exceptional.  Clear skies, low humidity, mid 70's in temperature. It is important to note that the show consisted of two musical acts.  They were country musicians Deanna Carter, and Alan Jackson.  There was no light show, no laser stage lights. Nothing of that nature at all.  That is important for me to mention due to the fact I have had several people attempt to tell me what I saw, when in fact they were not in attendance.  More then one person has said that what I saw was due to stage lights.  Nothing could be further from the truth. Between acts all the stage lights were turned off and no lights at all were directed at or coming from the stage while the equipment change was made for the next act.  Most people at this point were standing around talking and waiting for Alan Jackson, the main act, to take the stage.  My girlfriend and I had brought a blanket to sit on.  During the equipment change on stage we had both laid back and were relaxing in silence while we both looked up into the night sky. It was at this point, while laying on the blanket looking up into the night sky I noticed something off to my left in my peripheral vision moving slowly across the sky.  The first impression I had was that a flock of birds were flying over the crowd.  As I watched further I realized that these were not birds but a group of what I can only describe as dull white orbs moving in what I would call a random pattern.  I do not know the exact number but I would put it at about a dozen or so orbs of dull whitish light.  They were not bright, but more of a dull luminescence is the way I can best describe them. As I watched the group of lights move over the crowd, my best estimate is that they were at about 100-200 feet or so above ground level. All of the sudden the lights broke from their random looking pattern. They all began to move in what I can only describe as an amazingly fluid, aerodynamically impossible manner. This is the part that is like trying to describe a vivid dream to someone. No matter how I try I cannot convey how absolutely strange and otherworldly their movements were. The only thing I can think of that might describe their movements would be dolphins swimming underwater. It was such a smooth, fluid, acrobatically impossible way of movement I was stunned. What happened next was even more amazing. At the exact same time the orbs broke from their amazingly fluid movements and formed a perfect looking circle. They held that pattern for perhaps a half minute or so. Then they broke from that pattern and resumed their fluid looking aerial acrobatic display. Then as suddenly they resumed the random pattern I had first saw them in. From there they continued in the same direction I had first saw them. I watched them as they proceeded to move at their original slow pace until they vanished down the horizon. At this point I looked to my right to see if my girlfriend had observed what I had. She was looking from the sky to me and she asked me something to the effect of WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT? My girlfriend was a person who did not believe in anything that couldn't be explained logically. She was an atheist, and as far as UFO's were concerned they were the for looney people. Later that night when we returned to my house I told my sister and her boyfriend who were staying at my place what we had seen. They listened and I got the feeling that they were not impressed with my description of this otherworldly sight I was describing. Well the next morning when my sister got to her job at Ford Motor company she met one of her coworkers in the elevator.  The first thing out of my sisters coworkers mouth was I went to that concert last night and I saw the most amazing lights in the sky I have ever seen  She proceeded to tell my sister what she had seen and it was obviously the exact same thing I had seen. I have over the years been looking for anybody online who was from this area who may have seen something like this that same night.  One of your reports is from a man in Westland Mi, not far from where I saw what I did.  He reports that he saw something on 9/22/1998 at 12:10 AM.  Which in fact would place it on the same night I saw what I did on 9/21/1998 at about 9:00 PM or so.  So it seems that in SE Michigan on the night of 9/21/1998, and the morning of 9/22/1998 there was some very serious activity in this area.;42.3130608333333;-83.220935
