Bright red circular object seen in the night sky around Steelville MO;2010-08-06 23:00:00;5 minutes;Bright red circular object seen in the night sky around Steelville MO While sitting around the campfire at Huzzah Valley near Steelville, MO, one  women jumped up from her lawn chair and yelled, What is it?!! Four of us saw a bright red-orange orb with ‘tentacles’ extending from around it.  Don't know if the color was due to fire or lights. As we watched the object, two campers at the next camp sight ran over and said there had been another orb that went in the other direction.  We watched this bright ‘light’ as it went steadily across the night sky (on occasion moving in a zig zag fashion). As to size and distance not sure because of the night and nothing to compare the size to.  One lady took two pictures that we are hoping when enlarged we’ll be able to zoom in to see the UFO.;37.8893;-91.3021
Strange craft drits erratically through the southern Missouri sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly Jupiter?  PD));2010-08-28 22:30:00;90 Minutes;Strange craft drits erratically through the southern Missouri sky. This object was spotted last night as we sat at our campground in Steelville Missouri after a canoe trip.  The object appear to be round and a distance from us.  We saw red lights at times and green lights at other times, however it did not function like a jetliner.  It darted strangely back and forth in the sky, almost like a zig-zag at times, other times it appeared to be circling slowly.   Three of us sat and watched for an hour and a half as it drifted around, eventually we lost site of it behind the tree.  It's flight path was eerie, at times a red halo appeared around the object.  It would move quickly to the right, stop, and then drift in another direction.   I thought it may be a weather balloon but after researching them online today don't feel that it was.  I know there are 2 military bases in proximity to the area we were camping in and questioned whether it may be some time of government craft.  Whatever it was, it was strange and unlike anything I! 've ever seen in the night sky.;37.8893;-91.3021
