Pulsating blue softball size lights in yard.;2006-09-15 18:30:00;10-15 minutes;Pulsating blue softball size lights in yard. It was around late summer or early fall, sometime in the early evening.  It had previously been raining.  The street lights from the end of our block toward the town were all working, but our block leading up towards the weather center were all out.  Our lights in the house had also gone out, first time since we moved there.  I looked out our bedroom window and saw at least a dozen lights moving around in a neighbors yard.  I thought it was probably little children running around playing with flashlights, but I didn´t see any children.   I watched two or three minutes and then the lights all darted upward at the same time, way over the top of their house, probably a dozen or more lights, and all took the shape of a circle of lights going round. I called my husband and he came and watched the circle of lights with me for several more minutes.  Then they started separating and going off in different directions.  One ball of light came over the top of our tree line and ! went back and forth several times along the tops.  It looked like a small sphere, maybe the size of a softball, and it was the color of a really soft but vibrant and pulsating blue.  After a few minutes it came down the side of our trees on the treeline, and then traveled in a very fast motion across the flower garden just under the trees, back and forth, just as it had done across the tops of the treeline.  It did that for another couple minutes and then came directly across the yard in a very straight and direct line, toward the window where we were standing. Half way between the treeline and our window it stopped abruptly.  It just stayed in place about a foot and a half above the grass, kind of pulsating and spinning at the same time.  We watched for another couple minutes and for some reason I got a really bad feeling.  The window we were standing in was one of those that went nearly ceiling to floor.  My husband stayed watching it there.  I went to the laundry room where ther! e was a smaller window higher up, where I could kind of just p! eek out. Then, it started moving quickly again, back to the flower garden, back and forth a few times, back up the treeline and back and forth over the tops of the trees, for several more minutes. Then all of a sudden it just took off in my direction again and sailed right underneath the window I´d been watching from, out the other side of the house, down the driveway, and just disappeared. We knew by the way that thing acted, it was not any kind of swampgas. It appeared to move with precision and deliberation. Within less than a minute, all the street lights on our block and in the house came back on. We thought about calling the PD, or weather station to ask what it might be, or if anyone else saw or reported anything, but thought they would think we were a nuts or making it up. We really weren´t into much knowledge of UFO things and didn´t really know what to think. We don´t drink, we don´t smoke, we don´t do drugs, and it wasn´t in the middle of the night where we had just woken! up or anything like that, so we know what we saw was real. We just don´t know what it was. We were always the type that believes there is a logical explanation for everything. A couple days later we were talking about what it might have been, and our teen aged son overheard us. He began telling us that at the same time, while the lights had been out the day that same day we saw the lights, he had been up in his bedroom and saw a bunch of little round light, floating around just below the ceiling in his bedroom. He said he thought they were different colors, but since he is color blind he wasn´t sure what colors they werem some were just darker than others. He said he looked out his upstairs bedroom window (his room was on the opposite side of the house) because he thought maybe it was flashes from an emergency vehicle, but that when he looked out, nothing was there, and when he closed the window they were gone, so he had just ignored it all, and hadn´t thought anymore abou! t it. It has been a few years since that early evening,and we ! moved ov erseas, but we have not been able to forget about that experience. If anyone else has seen those kinds of things, we sure wish we knew what it could have been. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));46.8706000000001;-68.0204
