Bainbridge Island, Washington Tic Tac Portal - Saucers Over Puget Sound with Photographs;2019-07-05 14:07:00;2-3 minutes;Bainbridge Island, Washington Tic Tac Portal - Saucers Over Puget Sound with Photographs Date: July 5, 2019 2:07pm  It was lowest tide of the year so my parents Dad 83 and Mom 83 took my sister 54 and her husband 52 and their son 18, two daughters 21 and 19 with my two youngest 7 and  6 down to the beach to comb for sealife you normally don’t get to see because it’s usually underwater.   I  had driven separately and arrived to the beach late around 2:00 after the family had been down there for a while and were venturing slowly up the rocky beach towards me as i came down the path to the beach.   I walked quickly towards my parents who were sitting together on a bench above the beach on a grassy ledge overlooking the water and my Mom asked if I had seen /heard what they had just seen /heard up in the sky. They had and they both described a strange shaped flash of light that just disappeared and made a strange rolling sound ?!?  At that moment my sisters son from the beach below, pointed in the same direction as my parents and shouted”Oh look, a saucer”. I quickly reached for my phone and realized it was not in my back pocket where it usually was. I had left it up in the truck so I ran as fast as I could back up to the path to the parking lot open the door and grabbed my cell phone and ran back down the path all of which took me probably about one minute. I took out my phone and instead of taking low resolution video I decided to take as high-resolution photographs as I possibly could and started clicking clicking clicking in the direction of which I had seen the pop of light. Aiming at the clouds I had seen the objects near previously. I’m taking these photographs and I’m looking around and I noticed the rest of my family all looking out there as well - seemingly entranced by what they were looking at. Very strange shape it’s a small silver disc with a little white oval or cigar shaped spark that follows near it darting all around. It seems to shutter or skip across the sky, you get a glimpse of it in one place and then a slight glimpse of it again and then suddenly it’s in the whole new place far far down the length of the sky.  All in the blink of an eye. As we all collectively watch the disc suddenly seems to slow and the white cigar or tic-tac shaped spark seems to stop and fire a white thread like white beam that opens a white square and with it another silver disc seems to pop in or out of the square and then shoot off as the white tic-tac shaped light disappears quickly after them in the same direction.;47.6458771929824;-122.532870175439
