Use of Spot Light;1999-06-15 00:00:00;2 hours;Use of Spot Light It started the night before the event took place.  I lived on the lake Allatoona,  I was on my pontoon boat with my sister talking, a normal conversation,  when she stop and said you would not belive what I saw.  She said she saw a blue looking object fall out of the sky,  fairlly close to where we were.  I thought nothing of it,  passing it off as a shooting star. The next night me and five of my other buddies went out on the boat,  it was a very windy night on the water which is very rare most of the time it is dead calm.  We were just talking when,  we noticed something fall out of the sky, in the decribed area my sister clamed the night before.  Again I was passing it off as nothing,  but I had a spot light on the boat,  and for fun sake I got it out and shined it in the area where the object fell.  I was ha ha UFO yeah right, continuing to shine the spot light into the sky.  Then I noticed a very bright light comming closer to our location.  This skared the people I was with so I stated the boat and went down the lake alittle ways,  This object stayed above us.  Then another object appeared and went ahead of the other object.  Through out a duration of two hours we saw four or five unknown craft morfing colors from bright yellows to red colors.  I was loving it I was thinking to myself you will never see anything like this ever again conteinuing to shine the spotlight.  Then there was a thought to be a boat heading straight at us.  I turned on my lights and this object headed back into a cove, across from us.  I wanted to get the attention of it to see if they had a phone so we could call someone to get a vedieo camera or just talk to someone because we were electicfied.   So we went closes to this boat and call out to them but no answer.  So we went closer and called out but still no answer.  I thought this is odd.  So we went ever close and called out are you seeing what we are seeing, long pause Then the most earrie voice said What did you say you saw then silence.  So we go closer and as we get to the point where we can start to see the boat our boat is engoulfed in this extermly bright light.  While this light was shining on us I was looking for a back wave from the boat, because it was windy and wavy and when a boat bounce up and down in the water it will give a back wave,  but this boat have no back wave,  This did it for me it really scared! me.  I stated out the boat and got out of there.   On the other side of the lake I tied up our boat and went to the dock where this object was it was move back forth right to left, and looking like it was comming towards us.  so we ran throught the wood back towards the house,  as we start to get to the house the front porch light went out,  I thought this is it we are about to be obducted.  I bangged so loud on the front door my nabor called and thought I was knoking on her door.  I told my dad the whole story, and he wanted to go back down to the lake one of the guyes we were with refused to go back down her was teriffied.  We went back down and it was as calm as glass.  Whatever it was was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of the event is approximate.  PD));34.076772368421;-84.6268
3 red/orange lights were moving in line with one slowly distancing from the other 2.  They disappeared without fading away.;2014-07-04 22:20:00;10 minutes;3 red/orange lights were moving in line with one slowly distancing from the other 2.  They disappeared without fading away. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.076772368421;-84.6268
