Large rectangular shape, almost colliding with jumbo jet over Acworth, GA. on September 16th, 2005;2005-09-16 07:45:00;2 minutes;Large rectangular shape, almost colliding with jumbo jet over Acworth, GA. on September 16th, 2005 This occurance happened somewhere between the hours of 7:45am and 8:30am. I made my morning coffee and went to let my dog outside. I am a smoker, so I was sitting at my patio table having a cigatette. The day was clear. The sun was shining. There were a few clouds in the sky, but most of the sky was blue. It was like any other morning. I heard the bus pick up students for school and leave, after that, it was pretty quiet, just a few crickets. I don't think I would have ever noticed the UFO, if it had not been for the jumbo jet I heard coming from somewhere in the sky. I automatically looked up to see it. The jumbo jet came from the front of my house, which is the East. My patio set is in the backyard, so i couldn't see the jet at first. What caught my eye was a very large rectangular shape. It was perfectly rectangular, had no wings on it at all and there were also no lights on it as well. What I thought was so strange was that it had absolutely no sound. Its color stood out because it looked very shiny against the sky. Almost a whiteish greyish color. I could still see it completely as it passed the few clouds in the sky. It was moving very slowly in a very straight path from South to North. I could still hear the jumbo jet getting closer and I wondered if the pilot of the jet would see it as well. As the jet approached it looked as though the 2 would collide. The jet was coming from the Southeast to the Northwest. I thought to myself, Some air controller is going to get his warning for the year. I waited to see what happened. It looked to me like the jumbo jet just made it under the rectangle. The rectangle never swayed, it kept its same path and speed, as did the jet. I watched the UFO keep its path South to North. The jet, I think, would have probably landed at the Atlanta Airport. As the object got closer to the North, I could barely see that it had a very small bubble on the East side of the craft. It was just enough for me to know that it, on the other side, was not perfectly rectangular. I smoked my whole cigarette, watching it the entire time. I lit another cigarette and kept watching it. I noticed that the jumbo jet was so far away that I could no longer hear the noise from it and it was quiet again and I still heard no noise from the rectangualar object. There was no trail behind it. As I looked at it in the sky, I figured that it was about 1 inch long and somewhere between 1/4 inch in height, maybe alittle less. My dog had no reaction to it at all. I watched it until I could no longer see it. The only time it was not above the tree line and in clear view was when it was going to the North  and getting farther away. It was still visable enough to see the small bubble on the East side of the craft. I never thought to go inside and get my camera, although I had PLENTY of time to have gotten it. I am so sorry that I didn't snap a picture of it, but the thought never came to my mind until my boyfriend asked why I hadn't. I could have had 100 pictures of it because it was moving so slowly. As for my background, I am a homemaker at the moment. Engaged to be married and have been in Acworth, Ga. for almost 2 months now. We moved from Clarksville, TN. due to my boyfriends job transfer. I am a woman, 35 years old and have a 13 year old son. The night before, I had a full 8 hours of sleep and started my day as any other, getting my son off to school. I was not taking any medication for anything.;34.076772368421;-84.6268
viewed for one minute in acworth ga above treeline from bedroom window.;2011-01-14 03:30:00;1 minute;viewed for one minute in acworth ga above treeline from bedroom window. Aproximatley 3am. My girlfriend woke me up and we both witnessed a bright white/yellow object moving relatively slow from south to north from our bedroom window. The best we could tell the object was silent. It was visible above the tree line . It would seem that if it had been an airplane or helicopter , It would have been close enough to hear. However , Conventional aircraft do not appear as large bright objects in the night sky. The marker and landing lights are usally only visible as green or blue blinking lights. And flashing. This object was a large solid white/yellow oval or triangle shape. Interestingly enough, About one minute later. After the sighting we heard jets flying over. Which we do not usually hear since we are not near any airports. But there is a airforce base 15 miles from where we are.;34.076772368421;-84.6268
While driving to cook out, I noticed a black box.  Thought it was plane but as I got closer to it I was a cube.;2017-03-18 19:30:00;12 minutes;While driving to cook out, I noticed a Black box.  Thought it was plane, but as I got closer to it I was a cube.  Then I noticed more in my pictures 4… definitely one I saw over 12 or so mins on the right side of 75 north as I was on my way to Glad Road I took a few pics along the way.;34.076772368421;-84.6268
