egg-shaped light blue object, fast speed and sphere-like camoflauged object, moving slow.;2005-12-01 05:00:00;three minutes;egg-shaped light blue object, fast speed and sphere-like camoflauged object, moving slow. My 13yo son was with a friend in their backyard at 5pm. Temperture was cold, but sky was clear and the day still bright. My son noticed an object in the northwest sky traveling east at a very fast rate of speed. The object was egg-shaped and had two very bright yellow lights on both sides. It was 'highlighter' blue (his description) with a grey trail of smoke (vapor?) trailing behind it. No noise was detected. 2-3 seconds after sighting the object, it suddenly disappeared, trail and all.  About 2 to 3 minutes after this sighting, they saw a sphere-like (hamburger shaped) object in the northern sky moving southwest. The object was just a slightly darker shade of blue than the sky, as if it were camoflauged. It had two white lights that were connected. The object moved at a slow rate of speed until it moved out of sight. No sound was detected with this sighting either.;34.076772368421;-84.6268
2 Objects with Extreme Flashing Lights Moving Diagonally Witnessed By Two;2007-11-11 21:50:00;3 minutes;2 Objects with Extreme Flashing Lights Moving Diagonally Witnessed By Two My daughter and I were on the back deck at 9:50pm on the evening of November 11, 2007. It was a dark evening with no moonlight.  We were talking and an auto siren from somewhere in the distance went off.  My daughter asked what the sound was and I turned.  When I did, I immediately saw 2 extremely fast flashing objects in the sky.  The flashing lights on the objects were nothing like I had seen before on any airplane.  The primary light was white but there was also a red light.  We both were shocked as we never had seen anything like that. As we watched the objects, at first they were close together and seemed stationary and then started to move.  One object seemed to move diagonally very quickly and then to the northwest passing over our home.  The other went in to opposite direction and disappeared. My daughter ran into the house to get a camera.  The object was lower in altitude and when it passed over the house, I tried to get a good look.  It seemed to not make any noise at all.  It looked to be sphere shaped.  The lights were now not flashing as fast, but there was a pattern of white, red, and green lights that continued to flash. My daughter couldn't find the camera so she came running back out and tried to get a picture with a cell phone camera, which didn't work. When we were over the shock, we kept looking into the sky and realized that we counted over 6 airplanes in different courses.  They were very recognizable as we could recognize the airplane lights.  We live near the Atlanta airport and apparently there was numerous planes flying at the time, even though I’ve never seen that many at one time where I live.  However, the 2 objects we witnessed were not like these airplanes.  The lights were very different.  The only way I can describe the quickness of the lights is that it was like Christmas Tree Flashing lights turned up to the highest speed.  Extremely Fast Flashing.  Then when the one did a diagonal zig zag, we both almost panicked. Neither my daughter nor I have ever experienced anything paranormal.  She is a college student and mother herself.  I am a 38 year old Real Estate Professional.  We have a family of 5 and live a quite simple life. Since that night, I’ve been out each evening trying to see something similar, however I just see airplanes.  This is just reinforcing that the 2 objects we saw, were not airplanes.;34.076772368421;-84.6268
