Me and my brother were taking the garbage out to the pile one night. We were standing in the yard just talking when we saw what looked ;1999-07-16 20:30:00;5-10 mins;Me and my brother were taking the garbage out to the pile one night. We were standing in the yard just talking when we saw what looked like a plane coming through the pine trees. It looked like it was kind of low, so we continued to watch it. After a few seconds or so, all the lights in the front went out, like they didn't want to be seen. We kept waiting to hear the sounds of a plane but none came. It passed a few yards above our heads, still without making any noise at all. It was so strange: it looked like a plane until it passed over us and then it looked like a wedge of cheese cut from a wheel. There were five flashing lights under it: red, blue, amber, green and white. We couldn't see through it. After it passed over us, it headed across the access road that lead to the water treatment plant. Lifting up a little, it passed over the trees on the other side and disappeared as suddenly as it appeared.;34.076772368421;-84.6268
A large aircraft (Triangle) about the size of a house or larger with no lights or sound and not moving above our tree line at house.;2012-06-22 02:45:00;1 min;A large aircraft (Triangle) about the size of a house or larger with no lights or sound and not moving above our tree line at house. Woke up out of dead sleep and tried to get back to sleep but decided to go on back porch and have a smoke and drink some water. Tried to get the dogs to come out but they were sleeping sound. Looked up at sky, thought I might see a meteor if I looked long enough, instead I seen up close a Giant airplane (Triangle)but it was just sitting above me about 50 feet or more above the tree line, then I noticed behind me 2 more just sitting above me, no noise, no lights just the dark color, almost blacked the night sky out. I thought I was dreaming. Then it did not move off slow it took off so fast with the others with it.  I am close to the AFB but I did not think we had Planes that could just sit in the sky in one place. If I had not looked up I would have not knowing they were there. After it was gone, I ran inside to grab the camera and came back out, then I noticed I was scared had a hard time sleeping. Went on internet trying to see if we have anything like tha! t. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.076772368421;-84.6268
