I was sitting on a chair in my back yard enjoying the night sky.  It was very clear and I cannot be exact about the date as far as mont;2003-08-01 22:00:00;10 seconds;I was sitting on a chair in my back yard enjoying the night sky.  It was very clear and I cannot be exact about the date as far as month and day.  The stars were brilliant.  I watched and I believe the orientation was I was looking up in the southern sky although it was like a ten o'colck perspective.  I watched as a circular light moved from the west to the east very quickly and then stopped dead in the sky.  That brought me to my sharpest attention as I know there are no sattelites or planes that will do that and it was so far distant in the sky that I knew it was not a helicopter or other man made light. It appeared to be situated in the stars yet closer if that makes any sense. It paused for only two or three seconds and then left so fast I guess I would only describe as up and it was gone in about one second.  I sat there and knew that this was not man made. It was not a light created by a spotlight, it was not anything that we made as it moved incredibly fast.  There were no colors and it did not flicker or anything than being a solid white circle. I was not drinking and I do not do drugs and am a law enforcement oficer for twenty two years.  I have kept this to myself except for my wife and close friends. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));47.2072;-120.967
Disc seen near mining area at Cle Elum, WA.;2008-07-02 14:00:00;1 minute;Disc seen near mining area at Cle Elum, WA. This disc was noticed by myself while driving east on Highway #90 between Cle Elum and Ellensburg WA. in July of 2008.  This disc was close to highway #97 near Liberty, WA. at an altitude of approximately 5,000 feet.  The horizontal distance was several miles.   I watched it off and on for about 1-2 minutes while driving.  It began to move south toward the highway and climb.  I pointed it out to my wife, but she was unable to identify it before it disappeared.  This disc was not far from a mining claim that we owned in that region where we had numerous big foot encounters over a 15 year period.  Interesting.  Shortly thereafter, I became obsessed with preparing for disaster by stockpiling food.  This disc has not been the subject of a specific regression.;47.2072;-120.967
Round grey object flying over camp fire in the night sky;2020-03-21 20:21:00;2-3 minutes;Round grey object flying over camp fire in the night sky I was by the campfire with my son when I saw a moving star. I thought I’d use this time to educate my son on satellites in the sky and how the look like moving stars. After watching for a few seconds I told my son somthing is different. It started to look larger, brighter and closer. Then it looked like it was slightly moving with added light behind it. It still was moving slowly like a satellite or weather balloon in one direction across the sky with no crazy up and down or side to side movements. But somthing was really different about its look that I’d never seen before in the night sky. I started to get intrigued and grabbed my IPhone to capture on video.  At this point it had passed over us and caught the second half of flight. I started to record and was even more amazed when I zoomed in as it looked like a grey cylinder object.  From the video it looked like it was moving, but that was just my movements filming.  It stayed it’s constant course from what ! I could tell, but seemed closer than I thought when I zoomed in and out.  Then it just disappeared when it traveled at a distance my phone wouldn’t pick up anymore.;47.2072;-120.967
