This is a picture that I and one other person I know of took around January of 2014. It was taken in the hills outside of the town of C;2014-01-01 23:00:00;?;This is a picture that I and one other person I know of took around January of 2014.  It was taken in the hills outside of the town of Cle Elum, Washington, looking north at around 10:30-11:30 PM.  As I recall there was no movement of the object while I watched it.   The picture was taken on a pocket hand held type camera.  I have showed this to a number of folks, even several that specialize in astrological ((sic.  astronomical)) phenomenon.  They all scratch their heads and provide no explanation.   If the image does not load here I also sent it to your loading images web address at the bottom of the reporting page.  IMG_1913.jpg ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hi Peter,  I will try to send the pic again but to your personal address.  It is both unusual and beautiful.  No idea what created this, but it looks most like a Christmas tree in the sky. Swamp gas...  I don't think so.  I hope you have some ideas and if so please let me know.   Lastly, the pic is a very accurate representation of what I/we saw, meaning there was no distortion and the colors and extra shock waves?? are not from the camera lens etc.  On thinking back, I might have used my phone camera instead of my regular digital one.  ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Based on the follow-up addendum from the witness, we are suspicious of the possibility that the image is a lens flare.  We await the photo.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.2072;-120.967
Strange mechanical like 10-12” “daddy long legs” appears on ceiling, scampers quickly towards wall and disappears;2018-04-04 01:13:00;5 seconds;Strange mechanical like 10-12” “daddy long legs” appears on ceiling, scampers quickly towards wall and disappears I also reported to MUFON, and email to Coasttocoastam.com.  This wasn’t a u f o,  but a strange “daddy long legs” type of non organic or mechanical spider entity that I awoke to and saw above me, but 2-3 ft from directly above me.  It was approximately 10-12” in diameter but with no distinguishing thorax or center body, multiple non-jointed legs that were thin and translucent greyish(?) with small 1-2cm. disks on the ends of each one. I was sleeping and suddenly woke up and turned my head upwards towards it.  It was stationary perhaps a second, but then when it sensed that I saw it, it scampered across the ceiling (about10-12ft.) in a straight line and disappeared at the wall.  It made no noise, nor had lights.  My chihuahua who was in the room did not react to it. The weird thing is that several weeks ago I had a dream about the same entity.  I didn’t recall the dream until a couple days after the incident.  I usually forget and write off all my dreams, as I had that one, but on 4/6 it popped ino my head while driving.   Naturally, I am curious if you have received similar reports.   I was fully awake when I saw this “spider” and of sound mind and body, that is no alcohol or drugs or anything like that.  I gather from this experience that most of us are visited or checked out, but majority of people are purposely made unaware. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the source of the report, and she seemed to us to be quite sober-minded.  We suspect that she is a reliable witness.  PD));47.2072;-120.967
