Large, saucer-shaped object with three bright lights flying very fast and low to the ground;2009-01-26 19:30:00;45 seconds;Large, saucer-shaped object with three bright lights flying very fast and low to the ground I went outside at 7:23 to give back a hat that had been left in my car to one of my friends, who was sitting in another car facing mine with another one of my friends, who was driving. I could not find my car keys, so I was using the spare keys to open the car. I was unable to open my car and after trying several times, one of my friends in the other car came out to help me. She was immediately able to open the car door and I got the hat from the car and gave it to her. As I was walking from my car to my friend’s car to say goodbye, I noticed a unusual object in the sky. I pointed it out to my friend, who was standing a few feet away from me at the time, and asked her what she thought it was. She said she did not know, but that it was flying very low. The object we saw shaped like a saucer, and it was flying at around a 30° angle to the ground. We could see there were lights at the bottom of it, arranged in a pattern I have never seen on an airplane or helicopter – there were three bright lights (one was orange/red, the other blue, and the third white/yellow) that were very large placed around the circumference of the aircraft. The lights were not beams they did not illuminate the ground. Some other characteristics of the aircraft that made us sure it was nothing we were familiar with was the speed and agility with which it moved, the UFO seemed to glide through the air at a very high speed without making a sound. It also looked much larger than any plane or helicopter flying at that distance. But the most unusual part of this sighting came when, more or less 45 seconds after first noticing it, the object passed behind a house. We waited around five seconds for it to come out from the other side of the house, but the object didn’t appear. I then started to run down the street to see if I could see it at a different angle, but it was clear the aircraft was no longer there. It was then that we were clear on the fact we had just witnessed a UFO.;40.9943;-73.7974000000001
