Bright red light moving acoss sky, than light went out and could see Oval Object.;2015-07-24 21:15:00;2 minutes;Bright red light moving acoss sky, than light went out and could see Oval Object. Driving home on Hwy EE, heading North/West, with my wife following me in car behind me, when saw Red Light straight ahead of me.  We were 1/2 mile from private road we live on.   The light appeared several times brighter than what you see on close fly over from a helicopter.   We turned onto our road heading north the object was to our left and getting larger.  I drove 1/8 mile and stopped 100 feet before my driveway got out of my car to try to identify object.   My wife stopped behind me and watched object while staying in car.  While looking towards the North, the object went by from West to East.  At its closest point object was 45 degrees up in the sky while looking towards North and was Red Glow (call it red glow at this point for too big to be a light) around 1/2 size of the moon.  It was 9:15PM, Sun had set but still dusk out, mostly clear, warm and humid, and moon was out.  There was no wind and Silent.  The locusts were done for the day and night life noise hadn't started yet.  While watching object pass by did not hear anything, had the impression it was close for the size of the Red Glow, but really didn’t know.  Appeared to be moving at the speed of what a helicopter would be moving that would be between 1/8 to 1/4 mile away.  I know this for Defence Contractor called Emerson has a Resort Compound 1 mile to the north west of my home and has a large helicopter that transports people to and from the St. Louis Facility that flies by my house.   While watching the Object head away from us to the East, when it was at 30 degree angle the Red Glow flickered out (off, on, off).  While looking at the spot, it flickered out I saw what appeared at first to look like an Oval Shape Gray Cloud about the size of 3 full moons lined up side by side.   I stared at it for a few seconds and the Oval Shape Object then started to slowly descent straight down below the tree line.  I was able to watch the descent for 5 seconds.   I know the woods go back about 1/2 mile so the object, if didn’t land in woods, was at leas! t 1/2 mile or further away.  Looking that direction beyond the 1/2 mile is a mix of woods and open fields up to 2 1/2 miles away before you come to a road with some houses on it.  I think the object was at least 1/2 mile away for the distortion from humid evening takes away any detail that may have been seen, just like looking at large buildings in distance or distant hill and all you see is a gray shade.  At 1/2 mile away I think it would be many times bigger than a house.   I calculated that it took 15 seconds from time object past me to the time the Red Glow flickered out at 1/2 mile away would have made it traveling approximately 120 miles an hour.  If 1 mile away than 240 miles an hour and 2 miles away 480 miles an hour.   When it quit glowing red I was looking at the Oval Shape Object at 30 degree angle so I was looking at a side view, so would not know the actual shape of the Object.   Looking back on this Encounter watching the silent red glow go by was impressive and unexplainab! le, but seeing the physical object after red glow flickered out leaves me with no doubt what so ever UFO’s are for real.   I got little sleep that night trying to understand what my wife and I saw, why could not hear nothing, how big it could have been, how fast it was going, and did anyone else see it.;38.992;-90.8223
