4 moving oval lights in the sky that became one and disappeared;2009-05-11 00:01:00;appx 5 min;4 moving oval lights in the sky that became one and disappeared I was traveling in my van with my girlfriend to my home after returning from an out of town trip. I live in Powell, Ohio in an upper middle class housing development that is tucked away and surrounded by a large rural area. It was just after midnight on May 11, 2009 when we were preparing to turn onto my street. It was mostly cloudy with a bright moon that was at the time shielded by clouds. The moon was in the south east part of the sky. In the north sky we noticed, 4, almost round, but oval, objects of white light that were moving around and I think they were also crossing each other. The objects, at first, were moving at a consistently paced medium speed. The grouping of lights, as a whole, was also moving slowly away from me through the north sky. We drove around, followed and watched them for about two minutes and then stopped the van and I got out and watched for about 30 seconds more while my girlfriend remained in the van.  I decided to get my camera. I went back to the van and retrieved my camera. The area where the objects seemed to be was near a line of large electric towers. The objects seemed to stay together in the same part of the sky, but their moving around speed began to slightly increase. When I turned my camera on and was waiting for it to prepare to be able to use, the objects moved into the center of where they had been rotating and became one and disappeared. When they became one object, that single object did not increase in size or brightness. The lights did not appear to have been projected from the ground. Their intensity on the cloudy sky was not bright. They were not faint, but they were not bright. The entire incident lasted approximately 5 minutes. I then drove around for about 10 minutes toward the area where I had seen the lights. I don’t know if this was related to the objects we saw, but when I got back in my van to drive toward where I had seen the objects, one street light went out as I was beginning to pass by it. No other lights went out and there w! ere no o ther incidents. After approximately 15 minutes had passed since we first saw the objects, I made an anonymous phone call to the Delaware County Sheriff’s Office and asked them if there would be any reason why there would be strange lights in the sky in the area of Liberty Rd and Hyatts Rd.  The deputy said no and I then asked if anyone had reported seeing any lights in the sky. When he said no again, I stated that it must just be my eyes and hung up. I know what I saw and my girlfriend knows what she saw. When we got home, we wrote down the facts of what we both saw and I got on line to see if there were any similar sightings of the objects of light. I am 46 years old, retired from part time law enforcement and currently a small business owner.  My girlfriend is a 29 year old nursing student. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.1834000000006;-83.0912000000008
