Military jet cases 2 Ufos flying in tandem right above 50 witnesses immediately after an amber diamond shaped craft is sighted;2017-05-21 22:00:00;10 minutes;Military jet cases 2 Ufos flying in tandem right above 50 witnesses immediately after an amber diamond shaped craft is sighted Long Description of Sighting Report Incredible video footage of a military jet chasing a UFO (yeah, that's right, chasing one) right over our heads while out at the infamous Giant Rock in Landers while at this year's Contact in the Desert (CITD) conference in Joshua Tree, Calif.  I, Melinda Leslie, was leading my Sunday night, May 21st, Sky Watch with Night Vision Goggle Intensive out at Giant Rock on the 3rd night of viewing events for CITD.  Luckily one of my participants, Graham Slater, caught this and many of our other sightings (from all 3 nights no less), with his black and white night vision video camera.  His additional footage of some of the other incredible sightings will be posted at a future date once they are compiled. Here's a description of the jet chase sighting:  At just before 10:00 p.m. (did not note exact time) some of my participants and I saw a large amber colored light low to the horizon just behind Giant Rock from where my whole group of about 50 plus people were gathered and using 15 pair of night vision goggles.  A contigenecy of about 20 of us ran to get a better view of it.  To the naked eye it appeared to be a large orangish (amber) light, that quoting some of the 20 people flew like a bumble bee.  One guest, [name removed/CMS/jpg], came running with a pair of the goggles in hand and got a good look at it.  She said that through the goggles it looked like a large diamond shaped UFO.  She drew a picture of it attached here.  This object then flew behind a small hill right behind the entire Sky Watch larger group.  As those of us who ran off walked back to join the others, 3 military jets flew over in the direction of the object now gone from sight behind the hill.  Some of us commented that if they were following it, meaning the jets, they were a few minutes too late. Just then, we heard the sound of a low flying jet from behind the hill, and suddenly clearing the top of the hill and right over our heads, came a very fast military jet chasing a faster large red glowing light.  The military jet had both red and white blinking strobe lights and glowing afterburners and was VERY loud as it flew directly above our heads.  The large red light had NO blinking lights and NO sound at all!  It became clear to all 50 plus witnesses, this was NO jet!!!  Those folks present who looked with the aid of the goggles said they were seeing either 2 lights, or one object with 2 light sources on it.  After extensive review of the footage, I am nearly certain it shows 2 UFOs (fast moving lights), flying in perfect locked tandem with one another.  It appears you can see stars between them in the background suggesting that these are 2 separate objects. As is usually the case, this footage while incredible, does not do the sighting justice.  The video is in black and white night vision, not full-color naked-eye vision, and does not have any sound, so you are unable to hear the palatable excitement of 50 plus witnesses screaming and cheering.;34.3103;-116.5241
Bright light chased by Military Jet at Giant Rock during Contact in the Desert 2017.;2017-05-21 22:00:00;10 minutes;Bright light chased by Military Jet at Giant Rock during Contact in the Desert 2017. While on a UFO night-watch at Giant Rock with participants attending the Contact in the Desert event, approximately 50 of us gathered to watch the sky and share at least 15 pairs of Generation 3 military goggles provided by the host of the event. At approximately 10pm, a few people noticed a bright red-orange point of light glowing constantly bright, not blinking and moving from one field of view to another in between the two giant rocks and hills.  I and approximately 10 others joined the observers to catch a quick glimpse before it left our field of view. At this time, for approximately 1-2 minutes, I observed this light through the goggles.  The first thing I did was adjust the depth of field in the goggles.  The goggles were in focus for high altitude focus, making the stars above look very clear.  To view this object up close, I had to lens all the way to the closest depth to see the object clearly. What I saw during the time the focus was clear was a diamond shape with sides very close to being equal all the way around.  I could see definition in the object enough to make out brighter areas in all four corners of the object and once more in the middle.  In the spaces in-between, it glowed with less intensity.  Once the object was out of view from being behind the rock, I immediately drew what I saw on paper and shared it with the event host. Approximately one minute after, in the same area we saw the diamond craft fly from left to right in our view, now I saw three aircrafts following the same route.  I am aware that military aircraft blink with multiple flashes in quick succession, whereas commercial and personal planes blink once.  This is how I came to my conclusion. Moments after we noticed the above mentioned aircrafts, a large bright light appearing red-orange emerged from over the hill we stood below.  The light zoomed quickly over our heads at the height of approximately 1000 ft.  I remember noticing that there was no sound coming from the light. A moment later, following the light, emerged a military jet craft making loud noise as it flew by us.  The jet seemed to be chasing the light.  The light flew straight towards the hills to our other side, and the jet chased it until they could not be seen with my physical sight. One of the group participants using his own goggle recorded from his device a video, with no sound, showing the event. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see other reports about the same event.  PD));34.3103;-116.5241
Large Diamond Shape UFO sighted by a group of 50 people during a UFO sighting at Giant Rock, CA, was chased by a military helicopter.;2017-05-21 22:30:00;5 minutes;Large Diamond Shape UFO sighted by a group of 50 people during a UFO sighting at Giant Rock, CA, was chased by a military helicopter. I was one of the people with night vision goggles to confirm the object.  The guide pointed there is a large object, low on the horizon, on the other side of the Giant Rock.  We were all gathered at the South side of the Giant Rock, just on the side of the paved area.  I had sensed something close by at same time the Guide pointed to the area of sky behind the Giant Rock.  The window of view was very narrow, between Giant Rock and the smaller rock at the East side of it.   At that point, I didn't have a NVG on hand, the object was very large, visible to the naked eye.  A girl with NVG on hand handed it to me to confirm the object is a UFO as she was new to it and not sure how to use the NVG.  I took the NVG and focused it to a clear view as it was blurry at that point.   With NVG now, I observed the object for about 2min, flying West/Southwest towards and behind the Spy Mountain.  It had a Diamond shape around it with a round center and a much smaller round darker area! at the 1/3 point from the bottom. It had a very pale orange tint to it at this point.   Soon after it disappeared behind the Spy Mountain, the 2 helicopters showed up from the Northeast side across the valley, and next thing we saw was one of them chasing the UFO going towards South from behind the mountain. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see other reports about the same event.  PD));34.3103;-116.5241
