I Saw a fire ball above a distant hill that appeared cool rather than hot like the Sun;1992-04-15 22:00:00;1 hour;I Saw a fire ball above a distant hill that appeared cool rather than hot like the Sun Sorry this took so long to report: I had a cabin near Giant Rock in Landers, CA I would take the teens out to the High Desert to enjoy weekend activities. We were comming home in my van on a dirt road. I looked to what I believe to be N/E at a large hill in the distance. Above that hill floated the object. If you held a quarter at arms length that is how big it appeared. It looked like a round ball of fire with small flames comming off in all directions including straight at the viewer. Every once in a while it would dip behind the hill and then back up. I blew it off at the time as a military flair, but what flair suspends that long a period of time. Here is the clincher. It did not look HOT at all it gave off a dull orange color but I did not get the impression of heat or light. Intense light like a flair would make. There was a military base in that direction ((NUFORC Note:  We are attempting to clear up some of the apparent inconsistencies in this report, but the witness has not responded to our queries, yet.  He indicates the sighting occurred in Connecticut, but he cites San Bernardino County as being the location.  Also, in his personal data, he indicates an address in a town in Canada, which we cannot find on a map.  Hence, the report may not be a serious one.  The date above is approximate.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP #1 FROM WITNESS)) My error: Landers California. I lived there at the time. Landers is just outside Victorville California. The home of the now defunct F-4 Wild Weasel squadron. Also referenced in the 50's Sci-Fi classic The Giant Tarantula they referenced the base in the movie. To paraphrase they were going to send to  Victorville(for air support). This was George AFB. I also can add for a reference point that when the town folk tried to blow it up(the tarantula) it was traveling toward Victorville on Highway 247. My sighting was a few miles behind the spider away from the direction it was traveling and far to the left  of the highway. I intent to look at the California map and draw a pretty good location and picture of the sighting. I believe the direction I saw the object was toward China Lake military installation. If you know the history of Giant Rock then you know the UFO history of the area. I now live in Mesa, Arizona. ((END #1)) ((FOLLOW-UP #2 FROM WITNESS)) Hi Pete should have responded to this before I responded to the other e-mail.  It was pitch black outside. It was night time. Not near sundown.  ((END #2));34.3103;-116.5241
