Woke up to find a spherical black metallic beach ball sized object hovering above the ground in the room;2011-06-11 02:00:00;5 minutes;Woke up to find a spherical black metallic beach ball sized object hovering above the ground in the room I was visiting my father in Landers, and planned on staying a few days.   One night I woke up in his spare bedroom, looked down towards my feet and noticed a black metallic sphere hovering a foot or so above the ground, perfectly elevated and very slowly and silently hovering in the direction of the mirror to my right.  To my left was a wall with a window.   I'm a very skeptical person, so at first glance I smiled at the thought of a flying black metallic ball in the room, rubbed my eyes, sat up, looked again and it was still in the room continuing in the same manner it had been when I first saw it. It had in fact moved the distance I would have expected it to considering its movement before I looked away to rub my eyes. It was roughly the size of a beach ball and had a smooth metallic surface. As my mind slowly came to accept that it might be real, I started trying to look for signs that it was in fact real.  I noticed the window to my left which had light illuminating from it was reflecting off of the surface of the object,  I noticed the object was obstructing the view of the chair that it was in front of and lastly I looked in the mirror that it was floating in the direction of and noticed that it had a reflection in the mirror.  At that moment, when I saw it had a reflection, I began to panic.  Stricken with fear, I closed my eyes and after a few moments, I looked back and the object was gone. I do not know what the object was or how long the object had been in the room prior to me waking up, but I get the impression it was observing me as I slept.  It gave me the impression that was it purposefully trying to remain unnoticed and discreet due to it's color, size, complete and utter silence and very slow movement.  There was enough light in the room where I'm 100% certain what I saw was a legitimate, real and solid object.  I could see everything in the room clearly and it seemed to obey with the laws of physics in terms of light reflecting off of it, blocking objects it hovered past and having a reflection.  I was not under any sort of sleep paralysis.  As I mentioned earlier, I sat up in my bed, rubbed my eyes and was perfectly awake.  I have never had a history of hallucinations, and I consider myself a very skeptical and rational person.  I'm submitting this report rather late, since I was not aware the UFO Reporting Center existed and everyone else I've reported this to ignored and dismissed me.   I can assure you my account even after all of these years is accurate, as the event you can imagine was rather traumatizing, so I remember it like it was yesterday.;34.3103;-116.5241
