4 spheres approaching 2 people, turning a rectangle of light over the vehicle, and up at 80 degrees  in spiral -white,quiet,fast;1987-11-09 19:50:00;10 Minutes;4 spheres approaching 2 people, turning a rectangle of light over the vehicle, and up at 80 degrees  in spiral -white,quiet,fast When travelling East along the Ottawa River, saw 4 lights in formation, pointed out to passenger and rolled down window. The objects travelled without sound, and were white lights. I thought they were hang gliders, but then they travelled very fast in an arc towards my vehicle. One was over top of us while moving at 60 Km/hr and the others were on either side, circling each other. The object over us which was just a rectangular white light at that time then travelled to the right and participated in that circular fashion arournd one of it's mates. I came to a stop light and stopped, by this time there were just beyond my eyes focal length. They stopped with me. When the light turned green, I accelerated to get a look at them, but they then proceeded to go essentially vertically up, and disappear one at a time, in a corkscrew fashion. The following day, and independant witness was discovered and never gave much care to share details. I since stopped communication with the other friend as well, but know both of them. Only sighting ever, but for very high velocity huge orange object (girlfriend witnessed also) -- for a fleeting second, 3 objects in total, one circular, and 2 angle like fins seperated, but with large gap between sphere, and contoured to match it's circumference. Again in Nepean Ontario but approx Sept 96, also strange lights in that area on 2 - 4 occasions. I have never seen an alien, nor any detail of ship, simply lights, though the most dramatic experience (first mentioned) when I strained to see the ship when the white rectangle was over us, I thought I could make out a trailing light, outlining an arc to what looked sherical. ie. a perfect sphere? with a perfect rectangle of white light, it seems to me the lights which I saw prior to that rectangle (the spheres) were less white, perhaps yellowish - I am reporting this 13 years later.;45.348609574468;-75.7745499999999
