big, black, dragon shapped object, no lights, slowly gliding at high altitude, kind of a small blur around it;2008-04-03 22:45:00;3-5 minutes;big, black, dragon shapped object, no lights, slowly gliding at high altitude, kind of a small blur around it I cannot believe I'm even reporting something like this. I do/did not believe in UFO's. I have never done drugs or drank, not even coffee.  My friend was with me, she hasn't done anything like that either. We're both Freshman at a private University in Idaho. Anyways, my roommate and I went to DQ for some ice cream at about 22:00. When we got back to the women's dorm's parking lot, (22:40) I jumped out of her van to move my car to a different spot. She was still parking her van when I got done. She and I both took astronomy during summer 2007. While I was waiting for her to park her car I looked up at the sky to see if I could remember the names of the constellations. It was a crystal clear night. I was looking westward. Out of the corner of my eye (south) I saw something moving in the sky. It was moving slowly. I thought maybe it was clouds or the Milky Way. Then I looked at it. It was a black, slightly grey color, which made it hard to see unless you were already looking at the sky. I thought it was part of the sky but I realized it was a distinct object. It was gliding northward. It was very high up in the sky, at about where planes would fly or a little higher. It was huge, as in if you would land it, it would have been gigantic! It definitely wasn’t as small as an airplane would be when you see one in the sky. It didn’t have any lights on it at all which is why I kept looking at it. I’ve never seen an aircraft fly without lights. There seemed to be a little blur around it.  My mind couldn’t make sense of what that was around it. Usually when that happens, something weird’s going on. To me it looked like a dragon, but without any arms or legs. It was kind of squarer at the front and gradually got thinner, kind of like a triangle but it didn’t look like a triangle. I drew a picture for one of my other roommates. She said it kind of looks like the shape of a whale to her. I thought it was a dragon, which I don’t believe in either. When my roommate got out of her van, I ran over to her and told her to tell me what that was. We couldn’t figure it out. She thought maybe it was a flock of birds, but it was too high up for birds to fly. We listened closely to see if we could hear it making a noise, but we couldn’t hear anything. We had no idea what it was. We’d ! never se en any aircraft like it before. It was a definite object, I wouldn’t be able to tell you what it was made of, since it was dark outside, and the object itself was black. I would guess metal, but it was so smooth. It didn’t leave behind any exhaust or anything. We watched it until it got further away so we couldn’t really see it anymore.;43.8125457142857;-111.785445714286
