A very odd light that could not be a conventional aircraft that changed colors as if it was blending from one color to another.;2001-05-13 23:30:00;35 minutes;A very odd light that could not be a conventional aircraft that changed colors as if it was blending from one color to another. Had I not seen this I would have never believed in UFO's. I was taking my dog out before I turned in for the night. I live approximately six miles from town so it is quite dark at night. I sat down on my porch waiting for my dog, the porch is orientated to the due West. My eye caught something moving and at first assumed it was an airplane or helicopter. It was not moving 'right' for a plane and then thought it must be a helicopter at a high hover. It was slowing drifting and then changed color. It was then that I was curious, it was not a plane, why then would it have wing lights that are different colored? I called my for wife to see it and she was not very impressed. It was nothing spectacular. An aircraft was then flying nearly over me at this time and I used it to attempt to judge the distance and altitude of the light. I judged it to be approximately 20 to 25 miles west of me and at 5000 feet above the ground. During the time I observed the light it changed colors several times, at times appearing red, white or blue/white.When it changed colors it blended, it just did not change as if one side was one color and another side was another color. It never moved quickly or any higher or closer. My wife observed it for approximately 5 minutes and then called my Father in law to watch it with me. He watched it with me for another 10 minutes. He said that he observed another two lights to the south that resembled the first. I then called the County Sheriff and asked if they had had any other calls. The Deputy I spoke to then went to the roof and attempted to observe it as well. I know nothing of his observations or lack of. At 0010 hrs the light darkened to a dark red and descended out of site slowly and I did not observe it again. I have served in the Army during Desert Storm and have seen many of the worlds' high performance aircraft at very close and far distances in combat maneuvers. I have ridden in Pavelows, Pavehawks, Ch-53's, British High Pro Ch-47's, and other conventional types of aircrafts and I have never seen anything like this. I can not explain what I saw. The only other point of interest is that the light had to be very close to the Idaho National Engineering & Environmental Labratory, site of many nuclear reactors and testing facilities. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness and found him to be quite credible.  He is a private pilot, and has experience with aircraft.  PD));43.8125457142857;-111.785445714286
