One disc seems to be in trouble second comes to help.;1974-06-12 03:00:00;4 hours;One disc seems to be in trouble second comes to help In 1974, I was driving home from a date very late: it was 3:00 a.m.  I knew I was going to be in trouble, because I was supposed to be home much earlier.  Before pulling into the driveway, I turned off my car lights, and drove slowly in on the side of the house and parked my car--and went in without turning on any lights.  I was hoping to just get inside and into bed without waking either of my parents or my two younger brothers or two younger sisters, and say to Mom and Dad in the morning, It was late I didn't want to wake you.   I should say here that we lived on a ranch eight miles northwest of Rexburg our house is on a beautiful bend of the Snake River, surrounded by forest and our alfalfa and grain fields. The house is a split-level.  My room was on the second level facing south the window looked out over the forest and river south of us.   I got to my room and was getting undressed--when I saw a white light above the trees to the southwest.  No one lived south or southwest of us.  I knew that that stationary light could not be, for instance, someone's yard light.  I got my binoculars out and looked at that light--and saw a silvery disc with lights around the center.   I ran at once and got my parents up and the whole family ended up following.  All seven of us stood there and watched it through my window for some time, taking turns with the binoculars.  I wanted to call the police and the neighbors and tell them to go out and look at this, but my father forbade me.   Eventually, everyone went back to bed but my mother and me.  I wanted to try taking pictures, but we had no film in the family camera.  The disc would slowly rise up higher, then higher, then gradually sink back down and hover over the trees. it did this again and again.   Mother and I watched it do this for about an hour--when a second disc came and hovered close to it.  The second disc remained there 20 minutes or so.   All at once, it took off straight up, and very quickly we couldn't see it anymore.  The first disc followed it slow ly, slowly.   Eventually dawn came. Mother and I went outside and watched that first disc--now in the morning light--as it climbed up higher and higher till we couldn't see it, even with the binoculars.  (Mom cooked breakfast about 9:00 a.m. -- late for a farm family.   Suddenly she looked up at me and said, What time did you get home last night?  I told and that I had been trying to sneak into the house without waking them.  She laughed, and I didn't get into trouble.) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));43.8125457142857;-111.785445714286
Glowing white circle/oval with dark center emitting flashes of light;2020-07-25 20:30:00;1 hour;Glowing white circle/oval with dark center emitting flashes of light On July 25, 2020, at 8:30 p.m., while looking due south at approximately 45 degrees elevation, I witnessed bright object that, when viewed with the naked eye, looked like it could be Venus on its brightest night.  When looking at the same object through binoculars, I discovered that the object was slightly oval shaped . . .and looked just like a glowing white musical whole note with a dark/shadowy center.  It remained stationary, not moving left or right, up or down.  The bottom half of the object emitted continuous flashes of light in rapid succession in what looked like random locations always emitting from the bottom half of the object. After the sun went down the sky began to darken, the object moved further into the distance (gaining altitude), taking on a reddish hue until a passing cloud hid it from my view.  At this late point, it was only visible through binoculars (at least until the cloud covered it from my view). The next evening, I looked at the same part of the sky at the same time of the evening to see if I should see anything again.  I saw nothing.;43.8125457142857;-111.785445714286
