Three-Hour UFO Sighting Accompanied By:  A Beam Of Light - A Nosey Helicopter - And A Creature,;2005-09-03 23:00:00;3 hours;Three-Hour UFO Sighting Accompanied By:  A Beam Of Light - A Nosey Helicopter - And A Creature, I live on a 15-acre field surrounded by forest. Our house is almost dead center in the middle of the field. One night I was chatting online and surfing the internet when I decided to go outside on the patio to have a cigarette. That's when I looked up into the sky. There was a beam of light that was circling, similar to that if you hold a string with a washer, used as a pendelum. There was only one beam of light. The sighting took many forms. There was a while where there were three crafts orbiting in a counter-clockwise fasion. They were oval shaped, solid (non-transparent), and bright white. They were 3/4 the size of a full moon. No other details on their cosmetic forms. The night this happened, the sky was completely clear. No clouds whatsoever, no visible fog. These crafts or orbs were amazingly fast, faster than any aircraft or vehicle that I know of, that is known to man, that has this technology. Before the crafts emitted the beam of light, the crafts seem to have multiplied to form a strand of what I like to call orbs, similar to that of a pearl necklace in an upward movement every rotation. The crafts slinkied up like this to make it look like there were several crafts (maybe there were) then returning back to one craft. Weather balloon, no. Too fast and sporadic. I mean these crafts were FAST when they were moving. Blink and it's on the other side of the sky. I seen the shapes perfectly, they were a perfect oval shape. They were silent. For some background. I live in the middle of a 15 acre field. I am reposting this because it's now Aug 19th, 2010, and I can't seem to find and answers on what I saw. Since this happened, I have been increasingly interested in paranormal events, UFO's, and other things of the sort. I have respect for those who try to debunk phenomenons to prove they are fake or man-made. It's how you find answers. Even though I have not really done scientific or physical research on my sighting, I have a hard time thinking it something fake or man-made. It was way too elaborate and extraordinary. I saw my sighting above the treelines in my field. The forest beyond where I seen the crafts travels a little ways, but then comes to another field owned by a farmer whos name I will exclude from here. Beyond that is more forest, and a few country residental houses. Nothing very populated by any means. The next morning (close to noon), there was a helicopter flying very low right above the tree-line exactly where I saw the crafts. Almost as if the government or a private helicopter owner was checking the scene out. As if they seen it too, or knew something. I've NEVER seen helicopters there the 10 years i've been living there. Just that morning. Even odder yet, about a week or so after the sighting I was relentlessly looking out my bedroom window, between 3 to 5 am, and that is when I seen something moving in the tall grass of the field. I had a pair of binoculars handy, you know, since I just got done witnessing the UFO's earlier the last week or so. I seen a creature. It was crouching at about 4 1/2 5 feet tall. It was making strange gestures. It's arms and hands were moving in almost a wave-like motion, like taunting. It was bobbing up and down a little, and left to right slightly. It was dark colored, perhaps a dark grey or brown. The most amazing thing about it was it's eyes. They were the size of grapefruits -- bright yellow, to yellowish-orange. I Never seen this creature before, or again. My reason for reposting this 5 years later is because I have now since moved. I wanted the full report to be known finally. I was younger then. It had typos. It was poorly written. It was missing much info because it was rushed. I still remember the incident(s) like it was yesterday. The details are still very fresh in my mind. It is VERY important to me to notify the new house and land owners of this incident. I have and still strongly believe there is something in the woods and field. There is something out there still. Either it's always been there or it has been left behind - or placed. Thanks for reading...;45.5049;-89.1817
