4 orange glowing objects seen at night moving east to west.;2012-08-19 21:02:00;90 seconds;4 orange glowing objects seen at night moving east to west On the evening of Sunday, August 19 at about 9:02 Eastern Time I saw what I initially thought was a landing light of a small aircraft in the south eastern sky.  I was in front of my house which faces east as I observed it. As it got closer to where I was, I thought it may have an engine on fire as it had an orange glow and much larger in size than a landing light.  It was circular in shape but not constant in that it oscillated. I estimated it’s altitude to be between 2 and 5 thousand feet, now passing directly south, I realized that there was no sound associated with the object. Nor did it have typical aircraft navigation lights. It was then that I went back into the house to retrieve a camera to video the object. My home is in a flight path of the Rochester Airport in Monroe Country which is about 18 miles away to the west so I am familiar with planes which routinely pass nearly overhead as they approach runway 10/28 from the east.  Depending on weather, they are between 2600 and 6500 feet elevation traveling at about 180 knots.  While they usually pass just to the north, they sometimes will pass to the south of my house. The first object’s entire flight took it east to west in a fairly straight path at a constant velocity of perhaps 100 knots.  It disappeared over trees in my back yard facing west.  When I say overhead, it traveled through constellations Aquila and Ophiuchus at what I estimate to be about 55 to 65 degrees of elevation over the southern horizon. Soon after a second similar object appeared from over the south side of the house, since now I was on a western facing deck and the house obstructed my view to the east.  It appeared to follow the same trajectory at about the same velocity as the first object.  I was able to get about 11 seconds of video of that object until it too disappeared behind trees to the west. Later, at about 10:15, two more similar objects were spotted on the eastern side of the house, but this time slightly north and again moving east to west.  I called my neighbor out of his house to observe and again, I took a video.  While doing that, the first object flickered out followed shortly after  by the second while still in the northeastern sky.  This time they appeared to be lighted balloons.  My neighbor is a New York State Trooper and we both concluded that they must have been balloons with flares, or something similar.  What is odd is that prevailing winds are out of the west, and these objects traveled to the west.;43.1404;-77.2871
