Rectangular craft seen on October 29, 2010 in Danville, Kentucky;2010-10-29 08:10:00;2- 3 min;Rectangular craft seen on October 29, 2010 in Danville, Kentucky I was walking out from work to take my morning break in my car with a fellow co-worker.  It was daylight and approximately 8:10-830 in the morning.  I looked up because the moon being visible in the daylight caught my eye.  Then I looked to the left of the moon and saw a rectangular object hovering overhead.  It was clear enough that I could make out it was rectangular in shape.  It was silent and seemed to be gliding or hovering very slowly.  It was not flat and there was something underneath it more like a square shaped box attached to the rectangular portion.  It was silvery white and very shiny.  It was not very high up but there was a haze and glare that prevented me from seeing clear details.  I said to my friend what is that?  Could it be a plane?  I really couldn't believe what I saw.  She looked up, but as we were both continuing to walk towards my car our view became obstructed by trees.  I said lets get on the other side of these 2 trees, you have! to see this so I'll know I'm not crazy. It only took us approximately 5 seconds to get past the tall trees. After I cleared the trees it took me a few seconds to find it. It was way higher up and way off in the distance and now looked like a distant shining star.  My friend said where is it.  I tried to point it out to her but within seconds it traveled so fast it became what looked like a distant star to completely vanishing. My friend never got a glimpse of it.  We continued on to my car for our break.  The more I thought about it the more strange I felt.  I am sure it was not any kind of aircraft that I have seen before.  I have never seen a UFO but this is definitely what I would classify it as.  After about 5 minutes we got out of the car to walk back into work.  My friend looked up and there was a jet in the sky and she jokingly said maybe its chasing your UFO.  I laughed, but then looked to the left farther out in the sky and I said to her look at that.  We both saw! approximately 6-8 jets extremely close together all traveling! in the same direction and towards the direction that I lost sight of the UFO about 5 minutes prior.  My friend said now that is really weird, because it looks like they are chasing the UFO that you saw only minutes before. We both stood there dumbfounded. I have never seen that many jets so close together and especially all traveling in the same direction.  I feel that it was a bit strange and coincidental.  I am really confused as to what I saw and still cannot believe it.  It seems so unreal.;37.6450999999999;-84.7703000000001
