Star-like orb pulsed brightly and vanished.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible Iridium satellite flare?  PD));2018-04-21 06:00:00;~10 seconds;Star-like orb pulsed brightly and vanished I’m a night owl.  I go to bed at about 5 am every morning.  I spend a lot of time outside at night looking at the stars.  There was one really bright star that I looked at a good amount that night and was wondering what it was called, or if it was a planet. At about 6 am, my dog demanded to go out and the sun was just starting to come up.  It was light enough out that only the very brightest stars were still visible.  As I’m looking at that one bright star I had been staring at all night, I noticed that there was a second one over to the right of it that wasn’t there before.  While I’m watching this second really bright star and wondering where it came from, it started to look like it was moving, but it didn’t have any blinking red lights on it like an airplane does.  Then it suddenly got a lot brighter and just disappeared.  Have you ever seen an incandescent light bulb when it has a power surge?  How it gets really bright for a second right before it burns out?  It was like that, but just an orb of light.  I have no idea how large it was.  It looked just like a bright star.  It could have been something large very far away or something smaller that was much closer.  When it vanished it didn't shoot across the sky or move noticeably, it was just gone.  It kind of just winked out after it pulsed. It was no shooting star (which I did also see that night) and I live right outside an air base, so I’m used to planes flying overhead literally all the time and it was not that either.  It was still and looked just like a star until it moved a little, pulsed brightly, and was gone. I am a former intelligence analyst for the Drug Enforcement Administration.  I have spent many years working in law enforcement and was born and raised in the military.  I have never before seen any sort of UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible Iridium satellite flare?  PD));34.8965;-76.8869
