Large v shaped object buzzes house and shines lights in window while people eat and viewers seem non existant to all others in house.;1985-07-15 21:30:00;20 minutes;Large v shaped object buzzes house and shines lights in window while people eat and viewers seem non existant to all others in house. Its been awhile . . . I was in or just out of high school and the years were between 1984-1987, (I know I was driving so probably closer to senior year of 1985), and had driven over to a friends house to hang out. We were listening to tapes and talking upstairs when the entire house began to rumble and shake. The window sills, door frames etc actually were vibrating and shaking. It sounded like a plane, low distance rumble which slowly increased.  We both ran to the window and to our amazement were shocked to see a v shaped object with wings and windows and coloered lights flying just over the tree tops of the house and development.  It had to be at least 100 feet long. Lights shot out of it hitting the ground and house. As it moved over the house we ran to the back window and looked at it.  It appeared to change shape or get smaller with long red, yellow and blue beams shining into the house windows on the first floor.  During this time my friends family had guests over and were eating in the dinning room.  We ran down the stairs to see the Dining Room flooded with these beams of colored light but no one seemed to notice us or was even aware of the lights except for my friend and I.  It was as if we were privy to see this and no one else was.  As we watched what must have seemed for awhile we noticed the lights scanned the entire inside of the home where my friends parents were entertaining.  Everyone appeared to be moving in slow motion but us. We diliberaely stayed aware from the lights.  We grabbed our car keys and ran out side to the backyard which was boardered by trees and watched as it slowing moved over the shubbery and out over some empty farmland in back.  The shape appeared to be long and rectangular but the beams of light gave it a spider like quality.  We then hoped in our car hoping to follow it, the car didn't start right away and when we got out to where we could see it again it had just head out towards NYC up into the air.  The funny part is -my friends parents didn't see anything we! re compl etely unaware of anything during the whole experience.  Needless to say, to this day my friend won't talk about it and what we saw I can not explain - just that later that summer, I and my mother were visited by a bouncing ball of blue light which slowly bounced across our backyard and then after I got back in bed appeared at my bedroom window - flooding my bedroom with an electric blue light.  My bed shock and I was paralized and unable to move unitil it left. To this day,  I do know that since I have been real little I've had experiences at seeing things and encounters up to my present age. I just don't have anyone to talk to about them or to turn to.  If anyone during 1984-1987 saw anything like this late in the evening can you please right about it.  I know this was to large for someone else not to have seen unless it was meant to happen like that.  Please note, at this point in time I would like to remain unknown.  Thank you. Signed, one inncident of many. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Source is anonymous.  PD));40.3846;-74.1754
