Large hoovering craft that disappeared;2011-04-07 23:05:00;1 minute;Large hoovering craft that disappeared As I was driving I noticed a set of lights in a triangular shape that initially looked like a C-130 type of craft very low to the ground. I would have initially estimated the lights at approximately 900 to 1200 feet above the ground. Initially I also believed the object was a plane moving directly toward me because it looked like it was sitting still.  Because I was driving directly toward the object I became more interested in it very quickly because I realized it was not far ahead of me and low to the ground and was obviously too large to be any type of helicopter.  After driving about ¼ mile at 20mph I stopped the truck, turned off my lights and engine and got out to look at the craft.  I heard no noise for about 10 seconds as I stood there looking at the craft trying to figure out what it was.  I would estimate the lights that appeared to span side to side to be about 200 feet apart and front to rear lights about 50 feet.  This light scheme from a distance ga! ve the impression of an airplane but looked very unnatural up close.  Although I could see the lights clearly I could not actually make out the shape of the craft and I believe to be mounted to the bottom vice the sides or forward facing. There was minimal cloud cover and the craft was very close to my position but I was still unable to tell its exact shape or identify it in any way. After looking at it for about 10 seconds or so I heard what sounded like a distant jet engine and then a few seconds later the craft started to move off at a 30 degree angle from where I was standing.  Suddenly the lights went off and I could no longer see or hear the craft although it could not have been more than ¼ mile from me when I lost it. There was nothing to obstruct my view. I then continued on to my destination which was just around the corner from where I was parked (in the middle of the road). I parked my truck and began to wait for my daughter whom I was there to pick up.  While I waited I watched the sky and noticed after about 10 minutes that there were several planes coming in from a distance that seemed to be circling which I also found very odd. Then I saw the object once again when lights suddenly came on and it immediately (not at any unimaginable speed) began to move toward the closest plane in the area.  I was able to watch it for a few more seconds until once again the lights went off and I was unable to see it again. Over the next 45 minutes or so I watched as what I would estimate to be about 20 separate planes flying low and basically circling the town. I have never seen planes in this quantity to anything like this before and I believe they were also looking for something.;35.4611;-89.8163
