2 discs and 1 cylinder seen on 5-11-03 over Eureka Springs, AR;2003-05-11 18:30:00;5 minutes;2 discs and 1 cylinder seen on 5-11-03 over Eureka Springs, AR The weather was very clear and I and a friend had been working on my house all day. Aroung 6:30 PM I caught a glint of light from the sky and looked up. In the distance I saw a usual jet liner leaving a normal contrail, traveling west to east.But looking to the left I saw that the light that attracted me was setting sun relecting off what appeared to be a large cylindrical craft with no visible wings or tail, and leaving no contrail or sound. It was very high and I couldn't see windows or markings, and it moved north to south. Not knowing the scale of the craft I can't say how high it was, but it seemed to move faster than the jet liner. I called out to my friend and he described exactly what I was seeing. He remarked that it looked like another cylinder shaped that he and I together had spotted first near Rogers, AR about 8-9 years ago and then later that same day over Eureka Springs, moving south to north. We watched the recent sighting for about five minutes and talked about it briefly, then returned to the project at hand. About an hour later I felt a strong urge to look up and again saw a craft, this time a disc, moving silently along the same north south path as the cylinder and at about the same speed. My friend confirmed my sighting and we watched it for about 5 minutes.Because I felt that this pair of sightings was important, especially with a witness, I filed an e-mail report soon after to the coordinator and producer of the annual Ozark UFO Confernce held each year in Eureka Springs. I had to leave briefly and when I returned at around sunset, my friend said that he had just spotted another disc moving along the same path as the previous one, but there were no other witnesses. He said he was in the house when he had a very strong urge to go outside, looked directly at the disc and watched it for about 5 minutes.;36.4244272727273;-93.7437545454546
