circular blue/white light with sparks shooting out from all sides;2003-02-15 02:00:00;until daylight;circular blue/white light with sparks shooting out from all sides I was up very late and looked out of my window to see if it was snowing.  In the SW sky, I saw a circular light, it seemed to rotate in a circle, one side of it was a blue light, the other side was a white light.  It had sparks shooting out all the way around it in a circular fashion.  It rotated clockwise.  It would stay stationary most of the time, but occasionally shooting in different directions.  I have stayed up late on numerous occasions since then, and have seen the exact same thing anywhere from 11:30 p.m. on, lasting all night as far as I know.  My friend can see the same thing from her apartment window.  I traveled 10 miles North of here, and I could see it in the SW sky.  This seems to be there every night.  I have mentioned it to a few people, and they think I'm seeing things, but I know what I saw, and see every night ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate, but the date may not matter in this case.  We suspect the witness was looking at the star, Sirius, which would be in the SW sky at this hour of the morning.  PD));44.4969;-92.8634
Blinking light in the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a celestial body…a star or a planet.  PD));2009-08-25 20:00:00;more than 1 hour;We were outside with the telescope and then I noticed this blinking light in the sky.  It could of been a satillite or not. I didn't move in the sky at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a celestial body…a star or a planet.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.4969;-92.8634
I saw a light in sky that looks slightly bigger than the stars, didnt move but was changing colors. looked like the colors included red;2011-04-28 21:00:00;2 hours;I saw a light in sky that looks slightly bigger than the stars, didnt move but was changing colors. looked like the colors included red/blue/green/yellow.  eventually a small orange dimly flashing light with 2 smaller lights on and off flashing started moving towards it,it keeps a bit of distance between each other and moves over it and continues moving away and disappears...  the first one very very slowly starts moving away into the distance and disappears,... when gone -at least 5 or 6 planes start flying around where it was originally--  30 minutes later another dimly lite light moves towards the first objects spot threw the sky at about the same height/level... this light had one big light that blinked every 3 seconds, with 3 smaller lights that blinked each once leading up to the big light...  My mom and i both saw these... and could tell from seeing the planes flying around afterwards that these did not look anything like planes... probably sounds conf! using but hope that makes some sense. (started at 9:45 PM about);44.4969;-92.8634
