unknown lights flying across sky;1981-06-15 21:00:00;10 minutes+/-;unknown lights flying across sky I'm not sure exactly what time it was.  It was night time and i was going out to feed the animals when i saw a pair of lights in the south east heading towards the north west.  at first i thought it was a pair of lights on the wingtips of a low flying airplane so i didn't pay much attention to them.  but then it accured to me that i couldn't hear any sound of an engine so i looked at them again and noticed that there was nothing in between the two lights.  i then thought that it might be a pair of satilites moving in the same direction.  since i lived in the country, i had an excillent view of the night sky without any street lights or lights from buildings to obstruct my view.  as i took a harder look at the lights, i noticed that they left a trail, like a jet plane would leave, trailing behind them, but there were only two lights and i could plainly see three trails.  i called out to my brother to come and have a look, but he wasn't able to come outside, but my mother did and she saw them too.  i don't know what they were, but i don't understand how two lights can leave three trails.  As i was looking s.e.  one light was slightly on my right, the other on my left.  both moving at the same speed and in the same direction.  the two lights left thin trails behind them as they moved across the sky.  to the left of the light on my left, i could plainly see a third trail, a wider trail, but there was nothing there to cause it.  Another time i saw something was when i was out driving truck cross country.  my trainer was in the bunk sleeping and i was driving the night shift.  just as i crossed the state line from california into arizona, i saw a ball of light streak across the sky in front of me and appear to crash into the hills.  the ball of light was green.  the first thing i did was turn on my c.b. radio and listened to see if anyone else had seen it.  no one mentioned anything about it on the radio.  my first thought was that maybe i had seen it and no one else did or maybe it was my ima! gination.  then i figured it might have been a meteorite falling to earth.  the green glow could have been cause by copper deposits in the meteor burning as it went through our atmosphere. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.1811;-122.2359
