Huge trianlguar object with lights underneath in the sky with 2 jets in pursuit.;2009-06-15 22:24:00;4 minutes;Huge trianlguar object with lights underneath in the sky with 2 jets in pursuit. I noticed a VERY bright light in the ENE sky.  It was stationary but it was far too bright to be a star or a planet.  I took my pair of binoculars to get a better look.  It was a very bright light and it was still stationary about 40 degrees over the horizon. I sat outside and watched the light, comparing it to the few other stars that were shining.  I then noticed it was moving slowly upward.  The light stayed the same size but now it started to move faster and even looked like it was heading towards my direction.  Within 4 to 5 seconds it had moved almost directly over top, but slightly to the north of my house. The object moved passed my house and was headed almost directly west.  As it was going past my house I could clearly see the object.  It was a solid triangular shape object with lights underneath. It was not a smooth bottom, it had some kind of curved ridge along the centre underneath.  I could clearly see the shape with the binoculars.  At first I thought it was a stealth plane as I could hear a noise as it passed over. Within 20 seconds I could see jets coming.  I usually watch jets at night but these were not the usual pattern.  One came from approx. NE direction and the came from a more easterly direction.  I could hear them coming and see their blinking lights.  As they flew over, I could barely see the wing pattern.  They were clearly following the first object and moving very fast. If the jets were at the same altitude as the first object then I would have to say the first object was massive.  It is hard to judge the height the object was flying. I am submitting this report because I had a weird incident on Friday, June 12/09 at almost the exact same time of night and almost the exact same starting location in the sky.  This is why I went outside again tonight. Last Friday night I observed a very bright light in the sky.  Same spot as tonights' but the light was blinking on Friday.  I thought it was a weird blinking light, not like plane lights at all. It had some different colours too. I called my husband out to look but he is a Detroit Red Wing Fan and the final game was almost over and he didn't what to look.  He did come out the house and said, Yes, Its a blinking light and then went back to his game. I got the binoculars and looked at the light. I could clearly see it was a round object and had rotating lights. The lights rotated quickly but not so quickly that I could see the different colours.  Red, blue, green, yellow/white lights.  The lights rotated from left to right. I watched the lights for about 10 15 minutes and then it started to fade outward but appeared to be in the same location.  After some time it only appeared as a star and then I lost sight of it. I live in a very rural area and the night sky is a clear view.  Please do not publish any confidential information about me.  This is unusual and I can't explain what it was.;42.6095;-81.6058
