View a Chevron shaped object;2000-04-10 08:13:00;30 sec;View a Chevron shaped object Went into back yard and was looking for birds that I could hear flying overhead in the sky at the time and sighted a Chevron shaped craft with lights on both sides.  The sun was down and just before the stars really shine bright, the lights on the object were very dim (like the background stars) and were moving from the south to the north (pretty close to north to south).  There was no sound, you would really have to strain to see it as I was trying to see the birds and the lights were very dim.  Looking up at the object it looked like it was at a fairly high altitude but was fairly big.  If it was high in the sky then it was really huge and if it was low then it was small or like any other plan airline (747) and did not make any noise at all.  If memory serves me (40 minutes ago) there was about 3 lights on each side when I viewed it. I have seen planes in the sky before and have not found that there are that many lights on the wings and the wings were not set at the same angle that I viewed this time.  I only hope someone else has seen it too.;36.7800036827196;-119.793156515581
Boomarang object with lights floating across the night sky.;2003-04-05 19:00:00;3min;Boomarang object with lights floating across the night sky. It was more like a boomarang shape but changed fluidly and had lights that dimely flashed in succession to one another. It moved slowly across the night sky. It was a crystal clear night. It had no sound,if it was man made it was close enough to hear but was silent it made no sudden moves and moves in a southerly direction till it was unable too see any more. I know we have nothing human made to move the way it did and hoover like it did. I know others will report seeing the same thing on this date because it was definate noticeable.;36.7800036827196;-119.793156515581
Large dark craft, chevron-shaped, no lights, no sound, no windows, geometrically sharp edges.;2014-12-22 18:38:00;1 minute;large dark craft, chevron-shaped, no lights, no sound, no windows, geometrically sharp edges. Large chevron shaped craft, no lights and completely silent   I was outside on my balcony at around 6:40PM on a cold evening in December looking at objects in the sky through my telescope.  There was a moon above and wispy clouds, and the night was exceptionally clear.  I was late for a dinner date, but I wanted to get as much observing as I could before I left, so I was just about to go inside and I stood up and walked backwards to my balcony door, still looking at the clear night and stars.  My balcony door was propped open to my living room and the lights were dim, I was at the door threshold when I saw a distinct shape, like a chevron, or delta-winged shape, it looked like a hang-glider.  I said to myself, “cool, a hang-glider”, and I went inside.  I stopped and said to myself, “why is there a hang-glider flying? Where did he jump from?” it is flat in Fresno until the foothills about 11 miles away. I went back on the balcony and the craft was right in the middle of the square of Pegasus constellation and the wingspan was almost as wide ! as the diagonal stars across the square. I estimate that the craft was about 800 to 1200 feet in altitude, completely silent, no lights and was moving at a slow pace. It looked as though it was moving back and forth, or left and right as if it were scanning the area, it was low enough to see that there were no windows, the color of it looked as though it was changing from black, charcoal grey and the color shapes were not clear and seemed to be matte, no reflections of any sort. I tried to make out an insignia, a logo, an American military branch, an identifiable anything, there was nothing. The craft seemed to have an underbelly of some sort, like a rounded belly with no other shapes or cutouts that looked like landing gear. The edges of the craft were geometrical and sharp, like a wedge cut around at 45 degrees, it moved right over my head and from west to east towards the foothills and slightly north. The craft flew over me and it was in my view for approximately 30 seco! nds to a minute. I kept repeating to myself, “what the F*** is! that? w hat the f**k is that? What the f*** is that?!”, over and over again. I knew that my camera was just inside and it had been charging all night and I wanted to grab it, but I didn’t want to blink and I wanted to ‘see’ this thing as long as I could. I grabbed a notepad and pen that I use when observing and immediately started to draw what I was seeing. There were two people outside, one walking their dog and another throwing trash, but I didn’t alert them, I just noticed that they had no idea that a large craft was flying just over head. I estimate that the wingspan was about the size of a football field in width at the height that it was flying. It seemed to glide in the air, perfectly and parallel to the ground and never tilted so much as a degree, it flew in a straight line at a slow steady pace. Slower than an airplane would fly and faster than a hang-glider would, but it seemed to float or glide through the air. High enough to push little wispy clouds out of its path, if the moon was not out, I don’t think I would have been able to see the craft as it reflected hardly any light and seemed to absorb light. It flew over a baseball field about a half mile away and the high-voltage lights were on and I could then see that the craft’s underbelly was lower than I thought and that the craft’s shape was just a thin line. I then ran to retrieve my camera and I thought to myself, “I bet this thing won’t work”, like every UFO reenactment that I have seen on television. I turned it on, and the camera was dead in th! e water, no lights, no sounds, no nothing, dead battery. So I continued to observe it as it disappeared in the horizon. I was shocked by my reaction of seeing an unidentified craft, my first and very up-close and personal, I was excited, but at the same time, I was in total fear of what I was witnessing. It brought tears to my eyes that something this ubiquitous could fly directly over Fresno, at rush hour during Christmas season and shopping, fairly low and whomever is piloting this craft, was so blatant and not worried if anyone could see that this craft was something like no other. To me the craft looked as though it was unpiloted, maybe remotely piloted like a drone, it seemed to be scanning the area and moved in such a way that seemed to be autonomous or artificially controlled with GPS or machine logic. After it was gone and out of sight, I was frightened and shocked, concerned and worried that it could be ours, or one of theirs, perhaps an invasion, or reconnaissance before the military strike. I held back tears, and I thought of turning the camera on again to see if it worked, I flipp! ed the ‘on’ switch and the camera lit up ready to shoot, that is when I started to cry realizing that there are things in this world that are kept from us, and I believed in all the conspiracies and every UFO sighting. I was enraged and sad that we are kept from knowing this technology, what else is out there that we don’t know that could possibly harm us? Whatever this thing was, it was magnificent and huge, black, silent, had no lights and stealthy enough to fly over Fresno, CA in the bustle of Christmas season and only one person, myself actually saw it flying overhead. I am hoping that this craft was one of our own military’s and that it is online to protect our urban areas from threats from any enemies. I have the drawings that I made and detailed maps of its trajectory. As a crow flies, it was headed directly towards Area 51 in Nevada, which is very close to Fresno, CA if you look on a map, any crafts that fly out of there, would fly right over Fresno to get to the ocean to do any maneuvers, over Fresno is the shortest route. I hesitated writing this report because I thought I was delusional, but after seeing all of the reports of a similar craft in this area, I thought I would add my event sighting to the database so that everyone can read and maybe someone else thinks they are seeing things, but I saw what I saw, and I can’t explain what it was.;36.7800036827196;-119.793156515581
Low flying object nearly misses car on I-5 near Fresno;2015-08-05 22:00:00;5 minutes;Low flying object nearly misses car on I-5 near Fresno On Aug. 5, 2015, my partner and I were traveling from LA to San Francisco.  My partner was driving, and I was in the passanger seat.  When we were on 1-5, heading north, about 60 miles south of the exit for highway 152, we saw a strange aircraft to our left.   In this area, there were orchards to each side of I-5 with nothing else in sight, and it was pitch black except for the lights of other cars, and the lights of this aircraft. When we first spotted it, it was north west of us, flying south.  It seemed quite far away.  We watched it for a few minutes, and it looked like two bright white lights.  When it was just about parallel with our car, it turned towards I-5, and started flying directly toward our car.   Once turned, we saw three lights that got bigger as they got closer.  It took about a minute or two to reach I-5. At that point it was close enough to see that it was very low, flying just feet above the trees in the orchard. It flew across the freeway, just feet above, and in front of, our car.   Once it got to the other side of I-5, it flew about 20 yards into the orchard to our right, and turned again.  It flew north along side our car for about 30 seconds before it turned again, flying back over I-5, this time just above and behind our car.  At this time we lost sight of it.;36.7800036827196;-119.793156515581
Craft in clouds in Fresno, CA.;2018-05-19 14:10:00;1 minutes;Craft in clouds in Fresno, CA. On May 19, 2018, i went outside and noticed the clouds looked different.  The day was clear with some clouds but these clouds looked like solar flares so i took a few photo's.  I forgot about the pictures I took then a few weeks ago I showed my friend the photo's he said, what's that? I never saw a craft in the sky but it sure is in the photo, I submitted to MUFON Case#93848.;36.7800036827196;-119.793156515581
