116 orbs in total traveling the three groups equally spaced apart and traveling at the same speed not following the horizon;2021-05-07 22:15:00;5-7 minutes;116 orbs in total traveling the three groups equally spaced apart and traveling at the same speed not following the horizon My wife and I were camping at Bothe-Napa, sitting around the campfire looking up at the stars off and on. The sky was very clear, and through the tree openings we first spotted a row of orbs (same size as a singular satellite you would see cruising by). There were 8 orbs on the first pass, equally distanced apart from each other moving at the exact same speed from left to right, about 6 to 7 seconds apart from each other.  After the 8 orbs passed and brief moment went by before another another row of orbs began traveling along the same path. Each equally distanced from each other and moving at the same speed. We counted 49 orbs in this group. There were many trees so we could not see beginning or end of their travel (this info will come into play later).  After another brief moment a third group of orbs appeared only this time they were traveling perfectly perpendicular to the previous groups. Again, each equally distanced and moving at the same speed. At this point I decided I would walk into the road/parking lot area to try and get a better look away from the trees. I asked our camp neighbor if he was seeing them as well. I pointed up and he said yes and took out his phone to record a video, but cell phones are just not powerful enough to see lights in the dark night sky. He said he couldn’t see it on his phone. He seemed much less impressed than myself about what we were seeing and went back to cleaning dishes.  Now here is where it gets interesting…As I followed the trail of traveling orbs I noticed that they did not follow the horizon and disappear as a satellite would. Rather, they travelled in a perfectly straight pathway out of the atmosphere, disappearing from sight as they got far enough away. It was something I had never seen before, like something you would see in a sci-fi movie.  There were 59 orbs traveling on the third perpendicular run. All in all 116 total orbs spotted by the naked eye. It by far the most unexplainable, bizarre, yet interesting thing I have ever seen. I would be interested to know if others saw what we saw that night.;38.5809;-122.5856
