Object was a black triangle with 3 spot lights in the corners, 100 yrds above the trees, hovering and silent.;1992-08-14 20:00:00;10 minutes;Object was a black triangle with 3 spot lights in the corners,100 yrds above the trees, hovering and silent. A black, triangle with 3 white spotlights on the corners, hovered about 100 yards above the trees over the road.  I noticed the lights first because I was on a road that had no street lights.  Even though it was black and the sighting was at night,  It was easy to make out because it was so low.   I slowed the car to a stop and it was directly above me, it looked about as big as house.  I pulled the car over and turned it off, the object was completely silent.  I drove away quickly, up a hill and around a bend so that I could see the object still hovering where I had been.   As I watched it sped away very very quickly, away from me. ((NUFORC Note:  Date indicated by witness is incomplete, or flawed.  We have assigned an artificial date, until we hear back from the witness, at which time, we will correct the date and repost the report.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Sorry it was 8/14/92 ((END ADDENDUM));38.5809;-122.5856
A Large triangular aircraft passed silently overhead. It had 4 lights in front, a bright light underneath, a wavelike column of yellow-;1997-07-02 21:30:00;15 mn;A Large triangular aircraft passed silently overhead. It had 4 lights in front, a bright light underneath, a wavelike column of yellow-orange light in back. Last year, on July 2nd, on the 50th Roswell anniversary, I was at my pond with a friend. We saw a very bright light, which looked brighter than Venus, in the Northwestern sky. It was 21:30. It was very high in the sky, and looked like a very bright star. We observed it as it got closer. By 21:40, the sky was dark, the aircraft was very close to us. By that time, we could see 4 lights, two on each side of an inverted, very broad V. The lights looked like the headlights of two cars flying sideways. We could see the air move around the lights, like you can see the air move over a hot road in the summer. The aircraft came down right over us, it was barely over the fir trees around my pond, maybe 100 feet directly above us. There was absolutely no noise, except for a barely audible hum which seemed to encompass everything. There was no noticeable air movement. The aircraft was going very slowly, maybe 20 or 30 mph. At that point, we could see its underside: it was rectangular in shape, light colored, and the very bright light we had seen earlier was right underneath the middle, lighting itself more than the ground. We could see two wings, the tips of which barely went beyond the rectangular underside. The whole aircraft was very large, at least as large as a large commercial airplane. As it started going beyond us, we could see from its outline against the sky that it was triangular in shape, probably dark in color. The back of the aircraft had a vertical column of yellow-orange light. The light moved up and down the column in a seamless wavelike pattern. The pattern was not regular, and when I told my friend that it looked more like a language of some sort than a simple aircraft lighting system, at that very instant, the pattern changed completely. After that, the aircraft started going back up and disappeared behind a hill. I tried to report this sighting to one local newspaper and one TV station the next day. I wanted to find out if anyone else had seen it. I got some chuckles and I did not insist. This year, on July 2nd also, I invited my friend for a sky-watch evening. She could not make it, but 2 other friends came. The sky was perfectly clear. Around 21:30, we saw a very bright light in the South sky, just as I was describing my experience of the previous year. One friend pointed to that light and asked: You mean to tell me this is a UFO? Within 2 seconds, the light was gone. It just faded away. My friends went home. Later that night, at 23:00, I went to pick up my daughter from town. On the way back, I saw the same bright light, closer than before, I showed it to my 14 year old daughter, and it was gone before she had a chance to see it. Around midnight, I went outside and saw the same bright light close-by in the Northwest sky. As soon as I concentrated my attention on it, it disappeared. 10 mn later, I looked out my bedroom window and saw the light again in the Western sky. I went to get my binoculars, pointed them at the light, it disappeared. I went to sleep. I am a 49 year old female, and I grow grapes and aromatic plants. I also teach plant propagation. My female friend who saw the large aircraft with me is an herbalist, as are the 2 other friends who saw the lights with me. Neither of us believed or disbelieved the presence of UFOs before.;38.5809;-122.5856
four triangular shaped crafts moved slowly over our heads...joining others accross the valley...;2000-08-13 10:15:00;1 hr. 40 min.;four triangular shaped crafts moved slowly over our heads...joining others accross the valley... My girlfriend and I were driving north over Mt. St. Helena when we saw pair of bright stationary lights above trees against cloudless full moon sky. Craft did not move for 40 seconds. Pulled off to side of road. As soon as we stopped, craft moved towards us..approx. four stories above us. As we got out of car, craft went over our heads, emanating a low humming sound/vibration. It was triangular with six or more white lights constituting the shape of the triangle and a red and green light in the middle.  Next, the craft slowly moved over us accross valley, turned all red, crossed valley in southerly direction, then moved east along mountain ridge, then disappeared behind trees. We got back in car and drove futher up mountain. Pulled over again, looking accross valley floor and saw several more lights moving along ridge, some east-bound, some west, changing colors from red blinking to white, disappearing, reappearing, swelling and contracting and moving spasticly.  Suddenly, another craft of same appearance as first- but much closer- moved directly over our heads. We were calm, excited and in awe. Craft moved out over valley joining other ones.  Some seemed to be circling back toward us at higher altitude and further away. Later, one- and then another- went over our head at slightly higher altitude than first two. We continued to watch many crafts moving on opposite side of valley. We are questioning whether we lost some time... some confusion...very surreal.;38.5809;-122.5856
I was working a swing shift and went outside for some air towards the shifts end and noticed what appeared to be an airplane but the fl;2003-01-17 22:30:00;10 min;I was working a swing shift and went outside for some air towards the shifts end and noticed what appeared to be an airplane but the flashing lights were faster different somehow the craft moved much faster then an airplane and made NO sound what-so everthe lights where green,red,blue and yellowish seemed to rotate at a high speed with intermittent flashing.I called another employee who also said it seemed strange but chalked it up to a plane possibly in troube,she could not hear any sound either.;38.5809;-122.5856
