Large black disk with flashing lights all around flying slowly above tree level;2003-06-01 22:00:00;2-3 minutes;Large black disk with flashing lights all around flying slowly above tree level I cannot recall the exact date and time this happened, it was late at night I’m the summer of 2003.  I was driving northbound on route 4 in Fort Edward, there was no other cars on the road at the time of the sighting.  I don’t recall hearing a noise, but something in my mind had told to look up through the windshield.  What I saw was a giant dark disk with flashing lights all around it.  This disk was massive, much larger than the width of the road, and it was just a few hundred feet above my vehicle, it seemed to be just above tree level.  It was moving very slowly over my car and I was watching it the whole time and after just a couple of minutes the disk continued up the road at a much faster pace and disappeared from my view.;43.2655;-73.5856
I wrote in last year and never heard if anyone had seen what we did. Again I will tell you what we had seen. My daughter and I were com;2003-09-24 21:15:00;5 to 10 min;I wrote in last year and never heard if anyone had seen what we did. Again I will tell you what we had seen. My daughter and I were coming in from the barn around 9PM and it was really dark out and we were making sure I didnt trip over a bale of hay when all of a sudden right above this this thing a disked shaped object was about 200ft above us. We just stopped my daughter got very scared and run to the house to get my boyfriend and he came out and saw it to. It had lights all the way around it, there was no sound at all coming from it. My daughter could see some kind of writting on it that she said looked like greek. On the front of it there was some kind of object like maybe an arrow or something.We watched it for a few more minutes and then it disappeared.I wrote to you last year and never heard if it was a weather balloon or not. My daughter said she never wants to see what we saw ever again. So I was wondering if you every got any info on this or not. It's been on my mind since the day we saw this. Any info would be helpful ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));43.2655;-73.5856
