((NUFORC Note:  Star or planet?  PD)Brilliant white light, very high, swaying left, right, up, down, slowly but continuously moving up;2005-09-30 22:00:00;Hours;Brilliant white light, very high, swaying left, right, up, down, slowly but continuously moving up and right. While camping at Spring Mill State park on Friday, Sept. 30, 2005, my 2 children (ages 14 and 22) saw what appeared to be an extremely bright star in the night sky (around 10 PM).  Our point of orientation was just above and just to the right of a large spruce tree.  Because it was so bright, we were observing it and trying to determine if it was a  star or a planet.  As we watched, it moved slowly up, then left, then right, and back down - but not as low as it had been.   We were all amazed and watched intently for several minutes.  It moved almost continuously, but not very much at one time.  The pattern was never exact but always up and down, back and forth.  It reminded me of a balloon, with some type of brilliant light attached, tethered to the ground and swaying in the breeze.  However, in general, it continued to gain altitude and move to the right.  We watched it for nearly an hour and finally gave up trying to figure out what it was.  I did not think too much more about it until the following night (Saturday) around 8 PM.  I thought about it as we sat around the camp fire and asked my children if they had seen yet that night.  As we all looked in the direction we had seen it the previous night, sure enough, there it was again.  Some differences this time.  It appeared to be farther away than the previous night and much lower on the horizon.  It was much further to the left of the same spruce tree than the previous night.  Also, instead of a brilliant white light, it had more of an orange cast to it.  The movement was excactly as the previous night.  It looked as though it was swaying in the breeze but steadily moved higher and to the right.  This may have been some man made object that I am not familiar with and there may be a perfectly logically explanation but I sure can't come up with anything. ((NUFORC Note:  Star or planet?  PD);38.745;-86.4803
