White dot speeds across the sky, disappears and returns on differnt path.;2009-07-28 22:50:00;20 seconds;White dot speeds across the sky, disappears and returns on differnt path. My friend and I were on the back of a ferry crossing from Kingston, Washington, to Seattle, Washington, when both my friend and I saw a white dot moving quickly across the horizon in the late evening.  The white dot flew across the horizon faster than anything else in the sky.   After about 5 seconds of cruising in a straight line, it disappeared.  Approximately 7 seconds after that, the white dot reappeared and traveled along a different path until it disappeared. Background: Observer 1 (me):  I am 25 years old and recently graduated from Western Washington University with a degree in Human Resource Management.  I currently work at Safeco Insurance.  This is the third UFO I’ve seen in my lifetime. Observer 2 (my friend):  He is a 25 year old retail fitness manager.  I believe this is the first UFO he has seen.;47.8108;-122.5255
Shooting star like object moving behind the cloudy night sky over and over again.;2014-10-18 23:00:00;don't know;Shooting star like object moving behind the cloudy night sky over and over again. I was driving down the road (NE west Kingston rd) passing the high school when i looked up in the sky and saw something fly behind the clouds (about 8:18) and i thought it was just shooting star but it happened a sec later and then again but only to change direction, i didnt get time to see what happened but i continued down to my friends house to pick up something i looked up at the sky only to see it happen again and again but it was doing a L like Pattern and my friends house and he saw it two, but i was creeped out and left.  (about 8:38) when i left did not see how long this lasted but my friend went back inside and went to sleep, he did not make much of it but i was creeped out.  Then i went back to my house but could see past the tree line.I tryed to take a video but my phone could not make out what was going on, it was to dark.  ((DESCRIPTION) It looked like a flashlight in a foggy field but moving vary fast in the sky almost like a very bright shooting star but shooting stars don't change directions and don't happen in the same spot over and over again.  Thank you for taking time and reading my Description.;47.8108;-122.5255
Four bright orange spheres drift randomly above tree line then head north, fading as they go.;2021-05-21 22:22:00;4 minute;Four bright orange spheres drift randomly above tree line then head north, fading as they go. At about 10:20 PM on May 21, 2021, I stepped out on the porch on the west side of my home. A light in the sky, just above the tree line and due west, caught my eye. A few minutes previously a small plane had passed by, also due west, moving from the NW in a southerly direction, with the usual running lights and strobe. This, however, was a bigger “blob” of light, very orange, basically spherical but not perfectly so, randomly changing in intensity. It drifted from NW to SW, continuing to “pulse” arhythmically. There was no sound at any time. After maybe 10-15 seconds three more lights, very similar, all orange, drifted in from behind the treeline. They all traveled around lazily, with random changes in velocity and slight changes in direction. All orange and very bright, sometimes dimming slightly or appearing to go translucent. They didn’t settle into any particular configuration, and never too close to each other. All remained just a few finger widths abov! e the treeline, then all four began to drift north.  At this point I dashed into the house to get my husband out of bed. He hustled out with me but the lights had gone. After a few seconds a single one drifted up from the treeline WSW of us, then headed NW, again very slowly and with a sort of jerky, random velocity change movement. It faded out as it passed to the north.  The whole sighting lasted maybe four minutes.  I have phone video but it’s not very helpful. I’m attaching an image I made in Photoshop which more accurately depicts what I saw. These were not satellites. There were wispy clouds and these objects moved in front of the clouds.;47.8108;-122.5255
