Craft in Lexington, teardrop shaped, near University of Kentucky, appearing to children.;1993-07-01 12:00:00;UKN;Craft in Lexington, teardrop shaped, near University of Kentucky, appearing to children. Summer of 1993  Just after Lunch 12 Noon – 1pm   Not sure how I feel about sharing my story but it happened and changed my life. I was only 10 years old, I was at my friend ((female friend's name deleted)) house and we were inside playing hide and go seek.  We were scolded for being to loud and were sent outside to play.  Seems like all summer long we sat drawing with sidewalk chalk, as we sit in the drive way a shadow came over us.  There were no large trees and it was a clear day.  We looked at each other and then looked up.  What we saw sounds crazy at best. It was a large tear drop shape craft.  It was about 20-25 feet long, 12-15 feet wide, and I couldn’t tell the height but it would have been large enough for full grown adults.  It was like liquid metal, we couldn’t see ourselves in the reflection but it was a mirror like silver.  It also had a ripple like a stone tossed into water.  It didn’t make any noise.  There was no heat coming off it.  It just hung there if we would have reached up, we could have touched it.  It was only 6-7 feet off the ground. We were kind of in a state of shock, I guess, because we didn’t move or say anything.  But to a kid, I guess it was confusing.  But then we snapped out of it and started screaming, we were so loud that ((female friend's name deleted)) parents ran out to see what was going on.  Just as we started screaming, the craft took off, high and fast, towards Nicholasville Rd, as we were on University Ave.  We were pointing and trying to explain what happened, but her parents couldn’t or didn’t see it and it seemed to stop and watch as we tried to explain what was happening.  We were pointing at it as it sat there for a moment it was reflective so it matched the blue sky.  You could only see it if you knew what to look for I guess. We were scolded for scaring everyone and making up a story.  ((female friend's name deleted)) had to go inside, and I was sent home.  I ran back to my house on Crescent Ave. screaming for my mom.  She heard me and met me outside trying to calm me down.  My mom tried to calm me down and I didn’t know anything about UFO, but my mom actually said to me, “It was probably just a weather balloon.”  I remember thinking this wasn’t a balloon.  She got me inside, and she was cooking dinner but we had just had lunch.  I don’t know the time but it wasn’t normal.  I was confused and scared, for a long time.  ((female friend's name deleted)) and I were never allowed to play together again.  Her family thought that I was putting stories that gave her nightmares. I started having problems sleeping as well I was sleep walking, having horrible dreams, and having sleep paralysis.  On several occasions my mom saw me trying to walk outside in my sleep, she had to put locks on the doors that I couldn’t reach.  When I couldn’t get out the doors, I actually tried to go out the window.  According to her she asked me why I was trying to get outside, and I said because the blimp is out there.  I was having dreams of blimps chasing me and of my neighbors back yard being on fire.  I couldn’t scream though I tried no sound would come out. I couldn’t move.  When I was finally able to I would start screaming out of control.  After I told my mom that she decided I needed to go to the doctor.  My primary care said I needed a therapist and a sleep study.  I started fearing everything like shower curtains, heights, darkness, and I feared going to sleep so bad that I would stay awake for days.  I was awake so long that I would start seeing things and becoming mo! re fearful. I was taken to the Woodland Group in Lexington to see a therapist.  I really liked the guy, he had a labyrinth in his back yard.  The started doing hypnosis on me to see what got me so worked up.  He put headphones on my ears and the music would go back and forth left to right in my ears.  He also had me follow a light left to right until I got tired, not asleep just tired.  The only thing I remember him telling me to touch my face when I was scared and that it would relax me.  It worked and I got over my fears, sometimes I still catch myself touching my face in specific spots.  I also still have sleep paralysis, but it doesn’t scare me anymore. When I stop and think about that night, I feel at peace now.  I can’t remember something about a slender figure that opened his arms and seem to hold me.  It was like he cared about me and wanted me to know that.  I think I recall everything being white and sooth. Later in life I became a Deputy (law enforcement officer) and I worked with a Deputy that was stationed at Area 51 as a test piolet, in the 50s.  He has passed away now, but I always wonder why he decided to tell me about a missing aircraft that occurred when he was there.  I don’t know why this always occurs around me.  But it worries me that no one seems to understand this was real, it happened and I don’t know how to convince people to understand me.  My family jokes about it, one time I got real serious and spoke to my mom about it all as an adult.  Her story changed she said it was probably something the local University made and was flying.  If we had that technology then why hasn’t it come out yet, it’s not us.;38.0115012394512;-84.4536810917737
