Two very white and bright lights moving SW to NE w/out sound.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS and Space Shuttle.  PD));2007-11-05 06:00:00;3-4 min;((NUFORC Note:  ISS and Space Shuttle.  PD)) Two very white and bright lights moving SW to NE w/out sound Going outside (at approximately 6:28 am on 11-5-07) my husband observed something and came in to get his binoculars and said he was seeing something strange.  I walked out and saw the object. My first thought was it must be a blimp (the speed and the altitude I suppose) but then looking through the binoculars there was nothing between the two lights - no gondala, craft or wings.  There was simply a blue space that appeared to be the sky.  Observed in clear pre-dawn sky were two lights that appeared to be in the normal flight altitudes of pprox. 500 feet.  It was traveling SW to NE front white light appeared similar to a 1st magnitude star (or brighter) and the trailing white light appeared more like a 2-3 mag. star (one witness has a background in amatuer astronomy). I looked closely to see the normal tell-tale blinking lights required for flying craft (the red ones) and there were no other lights on this object.  There was just the very bright, white, unblinking lights.  We do not know what this object was - no doubt it will prove to be something pretty normal but it was simply very strange and something neither of us had ever seen before despite years of doing amatuer astronomy. Clear sky - little wind (a check with NOAA revealed it was not being carried by the wind as the wind was coming from a more northwest direction at the time).  Totally silent.  No engine or noise. 10x50 binoculars revealed NO structure behind the lights and NO connecting structure from front white light to back white light.  Crossed the clear sky in 3-5 minute to disappear in the dawn glow to the NW.  If within flight path speed appeared close to small craft flight speed - if astronomical it was traveling fast. The only lights showing were clear, bright white with no other regulation lighting seen. The general sense was that these were in the sky and not in space due to the vivid look and apparent closeness of the object.;35.2194486187845;-97.4257878453039
