Pulsating Glowing Sphere;2001-09-22 21:50:00;2.50 hours;Pulsating Glowing Sphere My wife and I were star gazing with my telescope during a campout on our mountain property. I was focusing on Mars when she said hey look at that star, it moved. I looked over to the West and saw a very bright star like object fall roughly 1/2 mile to the tree line and go exactly back up to the same spot. I said did you see that? my wife said good, you saw it too! I put my telescope on it to see the object better. It looked like a yellow orange sphere that pulsated with a bright white light almost like a heart beat. There was a extemely bright band of moving full spectrum rainbow light which encompassed the object and flopped around like a Lazurus sign wave, the O shape. After watching for a few minutes we noticed a jet moving towards it from the NorthEast, then we noticed another jet coming from the SouthWest. At this time the object moved straight up about a mile and the jets passed under it. Then another jet passed under coming from the North. Then the object flew further West and it was a much smaller dot in the sky. I then remembered I had a video camera in the camp trailer. I did video tape it but it didn,t show up very well with the digital zoom so I tried focusing thru the eyepiece of the telescope. Due to some more movement by the object and myself shivering from the cold night air I didn't get much good footage, but there is about 1-3 seconds where you can see the image fairly good. Your can definately tell that the object is pulsating in multiple colors. We watched do manuevers from the same distance off and on until 11:30pm (23:50)We had to go inside our trailer to warm up about 1/2 hour of each hour. The manuevers were geometric patterns like squares and triangles and some occasional full circles. About 11:15pm I saw it perform a loop type of manuever and then another bright object came from the South and did a loop and stopped very close to the other one. They then flew futher North West looking like one bright object. I did notice jets going by a few more times (atleast 3 times but only 1 or 2 at a time) during the rest of the sighting. I hesitated to report this until I read that other people in Colorado saw the same object that night. I mean we hardly believe it and we saw it. I saw a upside down black pyramid shaped UFO in 1982 and reported on this site. I can send a video copy and drawing.;40.8713;-105.378
