I saw a huge V-shaped object moving slowly and silently over the roof tops in my neighborhood.;2008-10-10 04:50:00;10 minutes+;I saw a huge V-shaped object moving slowly and silently over the roof tops in my neighborhood. I heard a noise that woke me up about 4:40 AM. It sounded like jets flying over low and they continued for several minutes so I got up to looked outside. The jet noise was gone but I saw an oval shaped object high in the sky with a series of rotating/strobing lights on the bottom. I shut the door and went to get my glasses and when I opened the door again there was a huge V-shaped object, very low in the sky, huge, moving silently and slowly across the sky. Moving North to southwest directly over my backyard, then over my neighbor's house. I stared at it for several minutes. I was so scared I just shut the door again. I decided to open the door again and when I did, the other oval shaped thing was back in the same place in the sky and the V-shaped thing was gone. This happened this morning. I live near the Expressway but I have not heard of any news reports of anyone else seeing it. This V shaped thing looked as big as a warehouse or bigger. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));38.0423130279176;-87.5588391553313
Saw three triangles in a dream and was possibly put into a combat simulation.  ((anonymous report));2019-08-12 23:00:00;Unknown;Saw three triangles in a dream and was possibly put into a combat simulation. I what appeared to be a dream I saw 3 triangular craft flying slowly overhead.  Unexpectedly my dream shifted to where I was in a gunfight with people I never knew.  After waking up experiencing this dream I felt as if I were put into a simulation!  Though the simulation felt like a dream it felt incredibly real like I was actually there. A few months before in another dream I saw two different craft side by side possibly exchanging information about me.  These triangles might be connected after communication between multiple races.  I don’t know why but I always felt as if I’ve had a connection to the stars since I was young.  What ever they did they must’ve proved that I’m something else more than human. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.0423130279176;-87.5588391553313
Saw three triangles in a dream..;2019-08-12 23:00:00;Unknown;Saw three triangles in a dream.. I’ve posted this incident beforehand but I didn’t put much of a description. This time I will explain it to the best of my abilities.  11:00PM CST  I was 16 when this happened. I had just started my 11th grade year earlier that month. It was a school night that night. I usually go to bed around 8:00 to wake up at 5:40AM. But this night was different in regards to the dream I had and how it affected me. I believe it was sometime around 11:00PM when the “dream” I had supposedly started. In this supposed dream I am standing in my living room behind my couch looking out of the open blinds in the Southwest corner looking up into the sky above the forest tree line across the street. As I’m looking out of the window I see 3 silver triangles with white pulsing lights on their edges. The where flying in a V formation. The point of the V was flying forward and the other 2 were flying directly behind it practically touching their edges together. As the “dream” continues I see the formation of pulsing triangles silently and slowly fly over the tree line. As I see them I get immediately freaked out and I say loudly, “Oh! my God I’m going to be abducted again!”. Then the dream blacks out and I’m suddenly fighting these random people. I’m in some random building. It looked like an lobby for a mechanic shop. I was holding a revolver and running up to a man that was in the lobby area. As I run up I slide down to one knee, and aim straight at this random mans forehead. The mans face looked like he had a beard. He was also wearing a black leather duster of some sort. He was wearing a beige shirt underneath the duster. He was wearing jeans, and also boots. As I’m sliding up to him and aiming at his forehead he is also aiming back at me. I shoot at him. He falls down dead. Behind the man there were two black plastic chairs with a glass table in between. On the table there were bullets. I stay on one knee and reload the revolver. I run out the door of the lobby to the outside. Outside there was a dirt road. Across the street from the supposed mechanics shop is a red wooden building. It looked like ! a vehicle shed for farm equipment. On the wall of vehicle shed! there i s a door. From that same door comes out a guy that looks somewhat similar to the first guy I shot. I shoot him in the knee as he’s rushing out. He falls forward. Behind me from the same direction where the mechanics shop is an older woman, maybe 50 is running up to me. She had longer hair in a braided ponytail that was grey. Ah was wearing a red plaid button up, jeans and boots. She was holding what looked like a broom handle with 3 little blades sticking out the front. As she’s coming up behind me I turn around and disarm her and I get ready to stab her with this bladed broom handle. As I’m just about to stab her I hear the guy behind me that I just shot yell out, “Mama, Nooo!!”. As he says this I turn my head and look at him then turn back to the woman and I just start to sob. I lean forward and sob on the woman’s shoulder. After the sobbing started it’s like everything just froze. The woman was froze in place and was rigged. Her mouth stayed open from the moment I disarme! d her till the dream blacked out again. After the dream blacks out I wake up in bed and instantly lean forward and sit up. I look at the clock and it’s now 4:30AM CST. I then  lay back down and close my eyes till my alarm.  The part when I fighting those random people always makes me question. “Did they abduct me and take me to some farm and I attacked it? Or was it a simulation on their ship?”. I believe it was a combat simulation that I was put into. During the dream the fighting in the dream there was a weird white light coming from the sky. There were no stars. Just pitch black nothingness. This abduction makes me think that they were testing my combat capabilities. Believe that I am possibly in a bloodline that might have to fight something later on.   Months after this abduction (and still to this day) I have something that I can only describe as a “Combat sense”. When I was just trying to think my mind would constantly make scenarios. If someone was to attack me at any moment my mind was giving me the fighting moves I needed to do. Even when I was typing this report I felt it kick in. They want me to fight. And I believe that other possible bloodlines will join in this fight. If I have a dream with a UFO  in it I believe I was abducted. Sometimes there is no dream and I just wake up with a random scab.;38.0423130279176;-87.5588391553313
