Day/Night, white spots/tiny lights streak across the Orange County, California and Tacoma, Washington skies, since feb. 29, 2012;2012-03-19 01:00:00;24/7;Day/Night, white spots/tiny lights streak across the Orange County, California and Tacoma, Washington skies, since feb. 29, 2012 UFOs031912  Tiny lights at night and tiny little white dots in the day persist 24/7 since Feb. 29, 2012 streaking across, high in the sky over S. Orange County, CA. These lights and white spots have been sighted in the Tacoma, Washington area as well. After nearly 3-years of watching and being VERY familiar with the OC sky, never seeing anything, they suddenly appeared with the advent of the solar flares, perhaps harvesting energy. (?) It is a VERY large scale operation, so the government must certainly be aware. You will NOT see them with a casual glance to the sky they are EXTREMELY difficult to see. You will have to look until you see the first one. Once knowing what you are looking for, they are easily visible and can be seen anywhere.  They mostly fly specific routine flight patterns, those in the Southern sky all fly to the East, in the Northern sky to the West, the East sky to the North and the West sky to the South. They fly no matter what the weather, above, in and some below the cloud cover.  One interesting twist is occasionally, they morph into what I call “ghost ships,” large equilateral triangular shaped translucent crafts that seem capable of creating their own triangular shaped cloud cover.  Two nights ago was particularly spectacular, in that they formed a large square in the SW sky of hundreds of tiny lights as if to form a picture frame.  As the clouds pulled aside, the interior of the picture frame formation was filled with perhaps over a thousand of these tiny lights.  As the clouds came back in they began streaking across the sky, in rapid fire procession, all to the East.  I have several hours of video. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.61;-117.7253
