Two mysterious silent lights flying along the shoreline with very fast, precise, sporadic movements!!!!!!!!;2007-12-03 22:30:00;10 seconds;Two mysterious silent lights flying along the shorline with very fast, precise, sporatic movements !!!!!!!! Around 10:30 pm last night it finally stopped raining for awhile. The sky started to clear and I was outside on my balcony facing the ocean. I looked up and noticed two lights parallel with each other approximately 1/2 a mile offshore and around 400 feet in the air. They were moving very slowly but in sequence with each other. The next second they crossed each others path very quickly and then resumed there slow pace. At that point I was stunned and amazed at what I was seeing. The sudden precise movements that they made were not of man made technology in my mind. These things were completely silent. If I wouldn't have looked up just at that moment, I would have never known they were there.  The next second, the bottom one from what I can see just darted straight up to a higher elevation with that same precise movement as before. They continued at the slow speed together but further apart from each other. Then all of a sudden they both merged closer together very quickly. I just couldn't believe what I was seeing. Then one more time they both made a sporadic different maneuver but at the same time and then they just kind of vanished. There were still a lot of clouds in the sky and they may have been just  being covered by the clouds from my sight. It was like they were patrolling the shoreline together. But it was very very cool and I am so glad to get it off my chest. I haven't called anyone to report it cause I like my freedom (haha) and I know what I saw. I can honestly say there is no doubt in my mind that something else other than ourselves is out there.;20.7440999999999;-156.447500000001
Bright amber lights seen over Kalama Park in Kiehi, Maui.;2012-01-02 19:10:00;2 min;Bright amber lights seen over Kalama Park in Kiehi, Maui Got off the bus about 7:00 pm at the Kalama beach park stop, and walked over to Foodland to get some grocerys, when I came out of Foodland I noticed two really bright amber colored lights floating in the sky to the looking west out over the ocean too the left of me over Kalama Beach Park. I watched the two lights thinking at first they were helicopters but noticed there was no sound and they were flying almost around each other. One of them faded out and the leading one kept moving. Its movement was not in a straight path but almost an S pattern. The leading one soon faded out as well and I began walking home through kalama village a little shopping area next door to Foodland keeping my eyes in the sky the whole time, and I soon say another light again and watched it moving in the same fashion as the other one. And it lasted about 3sec. The back ground was just after sunset pretty dark with a few light clouds. Please tell me it was some sort of military flare, but the lac of the Military presence in Maui makes me think it wasn't.;20.7440999999999;-156.447500000001
Saw a light brighter than a star and slightly larger. It appeared low on the W hor., between Kihei and Lanai over the water.;2014-05-30 19:30:00;2 minutes;Saw a light brighter than a star and slightly larger.   It appeared low on the western horizon between Kihei and Lanai over the water.   It flew straight up slowly but faster than a helicopter could fly straight up then it paused for a 20 seconds and then slowly flew straight down.  It disappeared below the rooftop but appeared to fly into the water although because of the roofline I did not see entry. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));20.7440999999999;-156.447500000001
Erratic white lights in conjunction with space debris and commercial airlines.;2014-09-01 04:30:00;1.5 hours;Erratic white lights in conjunction with space debris and commercial airlines. I sit on my roof every night stargazing so I quite often see shooting stars or space junk which range anywhere from 5th magnitude brightness to 1st magnitude brightness.    Tonight, I noticed an unusual amount of space debris so I  was paying more attention to the sky than usual.  The first phenomena I experienced is what looked like an unusually bright object also usually colored that seemed to originate from one point in the sky and stretch to another point and vanish. Around 30 minutes later with the continuous bombardment of space debris I started to notice what looked like a star, not pulsating erratically, moving what seemed relatively slow but at such a high altitude that it was moving at a remarkable speed.  Either the same craft would appear and fly across the sky and vanish or multiple craft were flying across my field of vision. (I was facing south west). What was unusual about the crafts movement was that it was seemingly flying straight as though trying to appear to be an airplane but it would make sudden erratic turns that passenger aircraft were not capable of.  There was no sound coming from these craft, in Maui meadows every sound echoes and you can clearly distinguish the cars on the highway about 3/4 of a mile west of where I was. The most usual thing that I saw was an actual commercial flight fly across my field of view and another spacecraft appear and maneuver dramatically to almost intercept the plane and then follow it out of sight.   I have tried to rule out other possibilities but it could not be space debris because they were directly contrasted next to each other.  It also could not be an airplane for 2 reasons, Maui is quite isolated, there are only 2 airports, the closest of which is 15 miles away, and comparing these lights to an airplane confirmed my theory that they could not have been airplanes because they moved across the same airspace at what appeared to be the same altitude in incredibly short intervals.  Also the commercial flights would not have been able to reach such great altitudes in such a short time.   Please do with this what you can and if any answers could be made clear to me that is my ultimate goal in reporting this. ((NUFORC Note:  Our experience suggests to us that the visible re-entry of space debris, put into orbit by man, is a relatively rare event.  We do not know what the witness was observing.  PD));20.7440999999999;-156.447500000001
