UFO and lights appear in sky in Maui Hawaii in '93.;1993-06-11 22:00:00;1 1/2;UFO and lights appear in sky in Maui Hawaii in 93' My girlfriend and I were sitting on the beach in Kihei Maui Hawaii and she pointed out a strange amber light over one of the other islands.  We watched it blink and shimmer for about 10 minutes or so and then it started to move to the south part of the island only it stopped in the middle.  About 45 minutes went by and then it seemed to start getting bigger and brighter.  It was about a mile away and her and I saw what appeared to be green, yellow, blue, red and orange lights oscilating around the object.  Almost orbiting the craft in a way.  Then it moved between the west maui mountains and haleakala (volcano) and we ran down to the waters edge and saw bright orange engines glowing.  We heard this pulsating sound though it was very faint.  We started to question it to ourselves, so we needed to see if anbody else had seen it so we called the local law enforcement and filed a report.  No one had seen it that night....maybe!  There were no articles in the newspaper that day of the prior night.  Til this day I still question what I saw that night, but it was definately something I had never seen or heard before. Thank you.  ((initials deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have amended it, based on follow-up communication.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION)) Peter, I think I had a brain failure.  It was 06/93 not 6/03 because unless I can travel into the future (lol lol lol).  The time we looked at this object was 1 ½ hours or so.  It was pretty close to us.  If you put the moon behind it you would not be able to see the moon.  It was dark and the object was about a ½ a mile away down the beach.  This was the only time that we got a good look at it.  When it was far away it looked just like any normal star in the sky except is was amber in color.  Any more questions just call me...not collect thanks   ((name deleted)) ((END MESSAGE)) ((FOLLOW-UP MESSAGE #2)) Am I correct in understanding that the object appeared to be dramatically different sizes at different times during the sighting? Thanks, again!  Peter Davenport ((RESPONSE)) yeah!  It was smaller furthur away (the other island was about 6 or 7 miles away ) and became bigger as it flew about a ½ mile away from our point on the beach.   ((END));20.7440999999999;-156.447500000001
