I just came inside and its 3:32am now.  @ ~1:56 am, I woke up to let my dogs out and I noticed a bright triangle shaped orange light.;2016-07-10 01:56:00;90 minutes;I just came inside and its 3:32am now.  At about 1:56 am, I woke up to let my dogs out and I noticed a bright triangle shaped orange light flashing.  I can't tell exactly how close it was, but it caught my attention bc of how bright and odd shaped it was.   The lights didn't twinkle or have a glow like stars or planes and it looked like it was moving closer while moving to the right.  It looked like it could have been coming from MaKena towards Kihei.  The lights rapidly moved up about an inch, moved back down and then back and fourth.  It looked like it was moving closer and I got scared and came inside.  It made me feel watched.  I then came in my room and looked out the glass door and have been glued there for over an hour and a half now.  The light has moved in circles throughout the sky and moves unlike anything I have ever seen.  I have been trying to wake up my friends to get someone to see what I am but have had no luck.  It's moving across the sky and is on a completely different side of my window to where I've had to move.  Its movements unlike anythjng I have ever seen.   I don't know what to make of it.  I also started to look around this oddly moving shape so I started  comparing it to others and there are several more all around that area.  One looks like it's above Maui meadows though but it was with the other clump of lights.  They all are triangle shaped and bright orangey-red.  I don't know what to make of this.  I finally had to pull myself away from watching because if the time.  I just looked outside and from my window it's right I front of south Kihei- Kalama Park area.  Moving sideways slowly.  A bright light object with bright red of hrs literally just flew by, it was as close a plane but lower where a helicopter would fly over the ocean but it didn't make any sound.  It made me realize how far the other light is that I was just explaining.  The one that just flew by had a flashing light but it was bright red.  Maybe it was a plane, but I'm not sure if it was or not.  I can't believe I'm ! seeing t his and not sure where else to report or if I should call the cops and file a report???   It's 4am now, and they're still outside.;20.7440999999999;-156.447500000001
