Object with orange light, seemed to shape shift.;2013-08-25 19:50:00;~ 2 minutes;Object with orange light, seemed to shape shift It must have been around 7:50 pm.  The sun had gone down, but it there was still some daylight left.  It was mostly overcast.  I was in the driveway seeing off my partner's uncle.  I was watching them put their stuff in his car.  Out of the corner of my eye, I saw what I initially thought was a piece of paper/cardboard ash in the floating in the air above me to the south.  I immediately wondered who would be having a fire?  I had just been in the back yard with my guests and we didn't hear anyone outside in their yards or smell any type of fire.  It's also against the town ordinance to have fires in your back yard around here. Anyway, I kept watching it, wondering what it was.  When I first saw it, I swear it was flat.  It was the color of burning embers.  It was heading upwards toward in a Northeast direction, but heading more upward if that makes any sense.  As it ascended, it looked different.  It looked more like orange lights rather than burning embers.  It was a weird light, almost had a metallic glean to it.  I've never seen anything like it and it's kind of hard to describe.  It didn't seem to look as flat.  I called out to my partner's brother to look at it. He looked up and said it's probably one of those Chinese lanterns.  My partner's mother was also watching it at the time from my vantage point.  It didn't look like any type of lantern to us.   My partner's mother thought it looked like a plane having a hard time.  But it seemed too close and it made absolutely no noise.  By this time, my partner had come outside.  She tried to start video taping it with her phone, but by t! his time it was pretty high up in the sky.  It continued ascending and disappeared into the clouds before she could get her phone camera going.  This all happened in the course of about 2 minutes at most so I assume it must have been going pretty fast. I was motivated to write this after listening to you on a coast to coast show dated August 23, 2013.  You mentioned that you would appreciate it if people submitting their sightings include weather information.  I looked it up on weather underground and obtained the following information for this date:  Wind speed 6mph (South) Max wind speed 17 mph Max gust speed 23 mph Visibility 10 miles Events:  Rain Sun Set:  7:50;43.0487301816483;-76.159450954821
