Cylinder shaped UFO high up in air .  Commercial airliner performs extremely steep climb and then circles to apparently investigate .;2008-10-12 15:30:00;viewed while riding shotg;Cylinder shaped UFO high up in air .  Commercial airliner performs extremely steep climb and then circles to apparently investigate . We were driving at about 55 mph on highway 690-east going by the NY state fairgrounds .  I noticed a commercial airliner performing an extremely steep climb which started fom a low altitude .  This caught my attention because I've traveled this route my whole life and have never seen an airliner flying that low in this area .  The airport is on the other side of the city .  Anyway the terrestrial craft climbed till it was about an inch in size by my veiw .  It then leveled out and circled .  Thats when I suddenly noticed a cylinder directly above the centerpoint of the of the circular pattern that the plane was flying in .  This thing was just sitting there or hovering or whatever .  It was still higher in the air than the plane was .  If this object was the same size as the airliner, it would have been pretty high above the plane like a few thousand feet .  It looked like a polished silver beer can sitting on it's side .  With no writing or lable on it of course . I looked away to share in the excitement with my girlfriend who was in the seat behind me and with my father who was driving .  I looked in the sky again about ten seconds since the last time I was veiwing and the object was nolonger there . Or just may not have been visible .  I do not recall seeing the plane either during this second look . My girlfriend witnessed all of this incident as well and I doubt that the plane got zapped away .  Just want to share this experience and see if anyone else reported this same incident to you guys or to the air traffic controllers at Hancock international airport . Thanx for your time . ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.0487301816483;-76.159450954821
