I know what I saw this is not a hoax;2001-01-12 21:30:00;3 minutes;I know what I saw this is not a hoax I am telling the truth first and foremost.  My friend dropped me off at my house at 9:27pm one evening in january of 2001 it was most likely after the 10th, but before the 14th (which is the day I went back to school).  My friend and I had just gotten back from town when I stepped out of the vehicle and then he left.  For some reason both of my parents came out of the front door of the house and out onto the side walk.  I asked them why they came out and at that exact moment all three of us looked up at the sky (it was a very clear winter night, no clouds at all) we saw a very large and strange circular object flying overhead.  The only reason we noticed the object was because of the different array of lights (it did not make any noise, but an airplane would flying so low).  My mouth gaped open because I knew exactly what I was and so did my mother.  My father was very skeptical, but we all concluded most diffinitely it was not an airplane, helicopter, stealth bomber, weather balloon or anything we had ever seen before or anything else that people blame these accounts on.  The circular craft flew very slowly and did not make any noise.  The craft was at a very low altitude (I will venture to say 300 - 400 feet) and we watched it for about 3 minutes as it passed over the trees and out of view.  I know what I saw and no one can tell me any differently they just dont make planes circular in shape and that large.  And another thing the craft had a sort of central piece that did not move, but the outer circle of the craft seemed to be spinning very slowly around the central part i could draw it for you if i had some paper.  My mother and I have told people that we know about this account and the only people that seem to believe us are the other three people we know that have had similar accounts.  I did not know about this website or i would have posted this account much earlier. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));37.7799;-79.9881
Blue/green light flashing on a round object over town.;2013-10-03 20:55:00;30 seconds;Blue/green light flashing on a round object over town. AT night about 8:55 pm was riding down the interstate and seen a round dark object with a bluish/green light flashing.   Looked about as big as a car was not hovering it was moving toward the west.  Was about as far away as a 13 story high rise.;37.7799;-79.9881
