It was a slim cigar shaped silver metal object (like a plane with no wings).  It had a orange glow-possible reflection from the sun.;2003-10-15 18:45:00;10 min;It was a slim cigar shaped silver metal object (like a plane with no wings).  It had a orange glow-possible reflection from the sun. I came fome from work and I was talking to my husband in out kitchen.  My daughter was out on out back deck and walked in the livingroom frightend.  She said she had just saw something that scared her and was really wierd.  She said come outside quick.  She pointed toward the eastern sky and said it stayed in one spot and then went south and stoppe and went back north, when we saw it, my son and I it was back in the northeast sky. It was a slim cigar shaped silver metal object (like a plane with no wings).  It had a orange glow-possible reflection from setting sun.  It seemed to be about 15000 to 20000 miles up.  No flashing lights and slowly moving south.  My son and I tried to follow it by going into the back yard and it went behind some trees, when we waited for it too emerge like an airplane would on a direct path, it never showed up where I thought it would.  It dissapered from our sight.  I did not witness the going back and forth like my daughter did but when I first caught sight of it was at the starting point that she saw it, I don't believe a plane can do that. I didn't think too much about it until this morning and my husband told me that last night around 3:00 am he was outside smoking a cigarette and he was star watching.  He was looking toward the east and thought he saw a shooting star and looked back toward the west and the whole sky lit up like lightning, but there were no clouds in sight, turned back around and in the eastern sky said there was a z shaped trail of smoke that was kinda orange and white in color.  Looked back west and never saw another flash.  This may be all explained and it would make me and my daughter feel better if someone could.  Anybody?;34.3165;-92.3657
