Bright light that zig-zagged in the sky.  Speed of pattern and size is impossible with human-made aircraft.;1992-06-20 00:30:00;1 minute;Bright light that zig-zagged in the sky.  Speed of pattern and size is impossible with human-made aircraft. I was about twelve or so when this happened.  My friend and I wanted to sleep on the back porch.  We were laying there and I was a light which was brighter than the stars around it.  I couldn't tell what shape it was because it was very high in the atmosphere.  This light was moving from northeast to southwest.  It moved along for awhile and I thought it was just a satellite or something.  Then it did a very sharp u-turn and when it was returning the way it came from it did a zig-zag type pattern on it's way.  This pattern I know is not possible with any type of jet or anything we have.  The size of the zig-zag pattern was a decent size in the sky and as fast as this thing was making it the pattern had to be miles long from zig-zag tip to zig-zag tip.  This frightened me so bad I have been freaked out 'til this day because I know there is something very strange out there. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));43.9991;-116.9167
String of 45-50 lights in line.  ((Starlink satellites));2013-12-12 22:10:00;20 minutes;String of 45-50 lights in line A long string of lights flying at a high altitude from southwest to northeast. Most of the lights were In line with one another but every tenth or more would be out of the formation but flying on the same heading. Every third or so of the out of formation lights were moving slower than the main line. As the last ten started over, one was back tracking out of formation but traveling due southwest. All the lights disappeared just shy of the horizon. This was witnessed buy many members of my family. My brother who I called during this lives roughly 8 miles away in roughly the same direction as the crafts were flying was able to see the same crafts so straight overhead as I was, indicating to us that they were at I high altitude.;43.9991;-116.9167
