Triangular shaped something hovering over a dairy farm.;2010-05-01 06:00:00;5 minutes;Triangular shaped something hovering over a dairy farm. I’m actually a little embarrassed to be writing this, but here goes.   This happened last year but I’m unsure of the exact date.  I know that it was spring or early summer because it was early morning but light outside, more like dawn when the sun was just coming up, and when I stepped outside, I wasn’t cold at first.  Everyone was still in bed except for me because I tend to get up at 4 or 5 in the morning to get a jump start on my day’s work.  I do medical transcription from home and the back porch has been converted into a home office.  There’s a large window behind my computer and as I sat working, something caught my eye through the curtains.  When I work I tend to get into a sort of zone where I space out everything that is going on around me and so I’m not really sure if it was movement or light that snapped me out of my work trance, but when I looked up and out my window I spotted something odd.  There were lights that were out of place and didn’t make any sense to me and it piqued my interest enough that I got up from my desk and stepped outside onto my back steps and looked to the east.  I live beside an interstate highway and on the other side of the highway is a dairy farm.  Floating over the dairy was a triangular shaped something.  It was massively huge and made the buildings look small.  It was triangular but not pointy and appeared to be silver and metallic but not really shiny.  The back end that was facing me had large square lights across the entire width so that the part that was facing me was lit up, but it wasn’t exactly bright.  It reminded me of windows in a skyscraper that are lit up that you look at from a distance, bright but not blinding.  I don’t think the sides had lights, but I can’t honestly be sure. It just hovered there and I never seen any sort of movement at all.  I also heard no noise.  I just stood there in awe and kind of overwhelmed.  I honestly can’t explain what was going through my mind but I sort of snapped out of it and realized that my bare feet were getting cold and I went back inside.  I don’t have any sense of time about it so I may have stood there half a minute or it may have been 20 minutes, I don’t know.  I wanted to run in and wake my husband up but felt silly because when I looked out the window again the thing was gone and I have no explanation how it disappeared so quickly because it literally took me just a few seconds to walk inside and look back out the window.  The weird thing is, the entire time I stood there dumbfounded it never occurred to me to grab my camera even though it was only a few feet away in my office. I’ve thought about this a lot over the last year and have almost convinced myself that it was a dream, although I know deep down that it wasn’t, it just was so unreal.  I’ve told a couple of people including my husband and mom, but I don’t tend to spread the word around because I feel embarrassed it just sounds so farfetched.  On top of that, the how-could-no-one-else-have-seen-it factor comes in.  I mean it was over an active dairy farm and next to a freeway.  In the morning the freeway is slower than during the afternoon, but still, something that huge not being seen seems odd to me.  But then I think about the speed limit being 75 and so maybe people could have missed it.  Or maybe people seen it but zipped by so fast that it didn’t register with them.  I really don’t know.  Like I said, it feels very dream-like but I’m 100% sure it wasn’t a dream. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.9991;-116.9167
