Nine menacing crafts rounded up a large group of campers on the Colorado River during one incredibly long night.;1978-03-25 22:00:00;several hours;Nine menacing crafts rounded up a large group of campers on the Colorado River during one incredibly long night. On the last Saturday night of March, 1978, I was with a group of friends on a spring break camping trip in a former California State Campground, 18 miles north of Winterhaven California. I say former because the facility had been virtually destroyed by massive flooding from the Colorado River where it had served as a landing for travelers navigating down the River. Before it had been destroyed, it had housed a seasonal general store, as well as a large camping area with large bathroom-shower facilities and Ranger trailer up on a hill overlooking the grounds. But by this year, all of that was gone, and the trailer abandoned by the Rangers but the area was still used by a handful of hardcore campers. During this last Saturday in March, the nine of us were on the peak of last mountain at the farthest end of a chain of foothills that began at the campgrounds and ran north along the Colorado River ending at this last peak overlooking a panoramic view of the entire northwestern desert and river valley below. Before our encounter that night, two truly amazing events occurred.  First we experienced an unexplainable loud buzzing electrical discharges through our hands when flicking our index fingers. We could hear the loud buzz, as well as feel the strong current running through our fingers. This lasted approximately a few minutes and then disappeared.  The second strange anomaly to occur next was - the sunset we watched from the peak lasted a abnormally long time - at least two hours longer than it normally would. We commented on this several times while in progress but no one could explain and unfortunately, no one had a watch to give an accurate accounting. However, it was undoubtedly much longer than can be explained by any normal physical means. And as if that wasn't strange enough, it ended so abruptly, we were caught completely by surprise in the complete darkness of the night. We normally would have already made the long trek back to camp, a couple of miles through the rug! ged foothills, during the twilight which always proceeds the setting of the sun. But in this case, we were so mesmerized by the incredibly long beautiful smoldering orange glow of the sun which appeared to stick right behind the mountains in the far west, we didn't leave, we just naturally expected the benefit of the post sunset, slowly fading twilight, which for some reason didn't happen . . . defying all laws of physics. Once we were confronted with this sudden darkness, we tried to not let it freak us out and gather ourselves for the long treacherously difficult trip back in total darkness, the moon not yet risen, and frankly were a little more than concerned about our safety getting down - especially down the narrow path from the precariously steep cliff we were on - hundreds of feet to the canyon floor below. Anyway, right as we were beginning our descent down, one of our group spotted a star erratically zooming across the night sky in straight lines from point to point. We all began to watch, suddenly pointing to other stars that were behaving in a similar fashion. It didn't take long for the group of us to realize that they couldn't possibly be stars but must be lights in our own night sky that just resembled stars. And sure enough, with in a few minutes, they all gathered together in a tight rotating ball growing larger as they dropped out of the night sky in to the distant horizon,! appearing to settle into the river basin several miles northwest up stream from our location. Although below our view, we watched their bright domes of light wind down the river south towards us. In a fairly short time they came into our view as they appeared from around a bend in the river entering our section of the valley. There were nine crafts flying in a diamond formation. They each had several search lights fanning the area as if they were frantically looking for something or someone. As they came underneath us in the washes below, we were, of course, still several hundred feet above on our perch, they suddenly broke formation and shot out in different directions in what appeared to be a co-ordinated military maneuver securing the area. Until this point, they had hovered silently down the river - but when they broke into their frantic search in different directions, their crafts gave off bright flashes of lights and loud crackling blasts of electrical discharges resembling thunder and lighting. I could feel and smell the static electrical energy fields they were creating as they surged about. I could also hear the roar of air they propelled and also the sound of the water being displaced by the rush of air as well. It was amazing how quickly they would move from one point to another - a brilliant flash light with a simultaneous crack of thunder and instantaneously be somewhere else stopped dead but for the roar of moving air which appeared a breaking mechanism. As I said, when they came into our area of washes, they broke out of formation and sped around as if looking for something, as this was happening, a very strange event occurred at the very same time. The other eight people I was with on the ledge began talking amongst themselves as if they were in a different time and place. And no matter how hard I tried to get their attention concerning the fantastic scene unfolding below, they just continued talking to each other seemingly oblivious to it all. In fact I got the distinct impression they were discussing a sunset lasting a very long time. I basically felt they were sacred senseless and were in some kind of fear induced manic behavior which seemed impossible to break, so I gave up trying, turning back to the crafts below which had moved down the river past us to the campground a couple of miles away to our south - except for two craft that had shot below our position inland around the other side of the foothills. Instead of moving on south on the inland side, these two came quickly back to right below us and one of the craft shot up to our position on the ledge and hovered level with me about a hundred feet away - out over the canyon floor. My companions were still completely engrossed, talking frantically to each other, even though I made one last futile attempt to draw their attention to the ship silently hanging in front of us. It was shaped like the Bat plane - with a curved, rounded front, and sweeping back to two large wings comprising the back. The front appeared to have a elongated windshield mimicking the line of the curve - making up about a third of the height of the ship which was probably fifteen to twenty feet. The width at its widest - near the back from one wing to another - was approximately twice its height, maybe more, like fifty feet. It radiated a fluorescent reddish light from underneath that lit up the entire area in a eerie blood like glow. And I could see! equipment like or led lights inside the front windshield. There was also a gentle humming sound similar to an electric train transformer. I felt a pronounced static electrical field like presence engulfing the area. In a matter of a few moments the craft began to rise above me and came closer - to about fifty feet - now I could see the shape, which I described already, because of the glow of the red panels which mimicked the shape of each back wing. It was about as long as it was wide. It was making no noise as it lifted above me and it did this very slowly and gently with just the faint transformer hum. As soon as it was directly above me - a green spotlight came on in the middle of the craft between the two red panels and I was entirely encased in a green mist that felt hot to my skin. I immediately felt a sexually charged sensation in my balls as well as the base of my spine that began to surge through my entire body. It was like an all consuming orgasm of heated energy pulsating my every fibre. As I seemed to climax, I felt myself lifting or levitating towards the ship. It wasn't like I was being pulled, as much as I was being energized to a float on my own - like my molecules were being manipulated by an internally-produced, stimulating force. The last thing I saw at this point was looking down on my friends still talking manically amongst themselves as I floated upward. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  However, the last Saturday in March 1978 was March 25.  PD));32.9818;-114.6854
