MO INVESTIGATORS GROUP REPORT:  We had set about an hour and i noticed a strange light above the tallest hill in the river bottoms.;2012-01-05 18:30:00;10 minutes;Report taken by the Missouri Investigators Group    http://ufomig.yolasite.com   We had decided to go to the river and set and talk. We had set about an hour and i noticed a strange light above the tallest hill in the river bottoms.  i watched it for a minute and then noticed it was making very erratic movements. i pointed it out to my girl friend, she said wow it is really making weird movements, she asked if there was any house lights or anything in the area, i told her i lived here for 38 years and i had never seen anything like that in my life, it was up and down in altitude and would move forward and backwards, we watched it for about 3 minutes then it stabilized and lowered right down on top of the hill and disappeared, it was pitch black out and there was nothing behind the hill for us to be seeing, also the wind was really strong that night and for it to be erratic and then stabilize like it did was the most unnerving part, i am educated, i am an artist and an avid outdoorsman, what i saw wasnt normal or natural for that matter. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: We saw the light at about 6:30pm, we stayed about 5 minutes after it disappeared, we were parked west about 1/4 mile of the sighting, it was above the tallest landmark in the area, my other sighting was a couple weeks before, 2 miles straight west at my residence inRich Hill. i went out to smoke at about 4:30am i saw a small green light moving at an amazing rate of speed, it was moving north to south and as i watched it crossed paths with another one that was headed south west to north east i thought they were shooting stars then i noticed that they were angling away out of our atmosphere they didnt lose brightness or flicker i see both civilian and military aircraft all the time and this was neither, the speed they were moving was tremendous, it was a crystal clear sky i am an artist so i pay attention to detail this sightings will be in my memories forever, now i cant stop watching the sky.;38.0964;-94.3653
 I looked up and saw 2 what I thought were Satellite's moving West to East  ((NUFORC Note:  Starlink satellites?  PD));2019-11-24 05:30:00;5 minutes;My son and I were camping West of Rich Hill Missouri deer hunting. At between 5:30 and 6:00 AM I woke up and went outside to go to the bathroom. It was still dark outside. I looked up and saw 2 what I thought were Satellite's moving West to East. I then saw 2 more behind them moving the same speed, the same distance apart moving the same direction.  I thought it was kind of cool so I woke my son to show him. By the time he got out of the truck there were 3 more.  We ended up counting 34! All moving in the same direction, at the same speed, all the same distance apart. Except the last was offset to the north a little. They seemed to appear from the same spot. We couldn't see them coming from the East. They just appeared and traveled west. They looked just like stars. Just as bright with no flashing lights;38.0964;-94.3653
