Bright metallic triangular or pyramidal object moving at great speed while it changed direction and altitude, apparently very high.;1988-08-12 20:00:00;2-3 minutes;Bright metallic triangular or pyramidal object moving at great speed while it changed direction and altitude, apparently very high. My daughter and I remember this very well. It was her 8th birthday, in the evening, the sun had just set. We were on our deck in the backyard. Looking at our zenith we saw a bright, elongated triangular object, high enough to still be in direct sunlight. It twisted, turned, and moved swiftly. It altered direction and elevation faster than any aircraft, leading with one (the same) of the vertices. It looked like a jet, but doing impossible movements. There was no trailing exhaust.  I am prompted to make this report today because of the similarity of this object with a triangular image reported by CNN.;45.5223717685162;-73.59371869896
Black Triangle over Montreal;1991-09-18 23:00:00;about one minute;Black Triangle over Montreal Black Triangle against the night sky, with no lights and making no sound. Hard to observe but we were all able to confirm that it was triangular in shape.  It was eigther huge and very high up or very small and low....it was hard to make out, I guess because the object had no lights.  We observed it fly by directly above us for about a minute until it dissapeared.  Made no classic ufo maneuvering just flew in a straight line. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));45.5223717685162;-73.59371869896
i was supposed to stay home the day this happened..thank god a didn't ,cause it was a night i'll never forget;2002-07-23 20:00:00;2 hours;i was supposed to stay home the day this happened..thank god a didn't ,cause it was a night i'll never forget i don't remember the exact date but me and a few of my friends were sitting down on a hill close too one of my friends house and we were talking and playing guitar ect... whwn one of my friends told me to look in the sky,so i looked up and there was stips of light in the sky..more than one...after staring at it for a while we came to conlusion that it was the northern lights...after a while the lights went away and we continued about are night. after a while i noticed a light in the sky and i told my friend to look up with me..everyone else didn/t care and didn't care too look. we stared at it while it was flying in the sky like a plane, but intead of going left or right,or down,,this object was going up..going up and up untill it finally dissapeared.right after that happened me and my friend told are other friends what happened and they all looked up..as soon as everyone looked up we saw a shooting star!!this story is long but i'm still not finished. every one was confused on what was happening that night.5 min after the shooting star i noticed another object in the sky.it looked like a plane so we didn't really care..i continued too lokk at it while my other friends were going about there night..i was observing the craft as i noticed that it did a complete circle in the sky and went back to were it started..so i told my friends ant they started to watch it with me...after doing one whole circle it went back to the exact place and started do do a second turn..after a while a started to notice that this wansn't right because it was doingthe same thing over and over for atleast 45 min..but every time it did a turn it was getting closer and closer to us...i was serioussly afraid and so were my friends cause we tought it was going to shoot or something....it came so close that it was over us in the sky...every one noticed that it didn't look like a plane but a triangle.we contined to stare at it as it went further and further till we could not see it anymore...out of 7 people that were there with me no on! e was su re on what it was... after a while the northern lights came back and they were alot bigger than befor..the whole sky was lit up and it was beautiful,but me and my friends told this story to many people and out of all the people in are neighbourhood..no one saw anything.;45.5223717685162;-73.59371869896
Triangular shaped crafts just south of Montreal;2002-09-15 20:00:00;15-20 mins;Triangular shaped crafts just south of Montreal To whom it may concern, The following events occured on Sunday the 15th of September, 2002. We (my husband, myself and our two children) were on our way home from our country place near Huntington, QC to our home in Montreal.  As we were driving down the road just outside of Mercier I saw what appeared to be really bright stars in the distance.  After a few minutes I asked my husband  Are those airplanes up ahead, or really bright stars?  Considering that tonight was overcast and no other stars were visible in the sky he resopnded that they were probably helicopters looking for pot fields. After about 5 minutes the two lights ahead in the sky changed posistion.  The one that was higher up, and to the right remained in the same place, but the lower one to the left began to move westward at a fast pace.  Now we were very curious as it was moving far too quickly to be a helicopter.  Our 8 year old son who was in the back seat pointed out another one to the right of our vehicle visible from the passenger side. ( the other one was still immobile in front of us)  While we were stopped at a light ( around 8 pm) the one on the passenger side slowly flew over head.  I unrolled my window and stuck my head out for a better view...what I saw gave me shivers...this was no plane or helicopter.  The object was triangular with lights at all three corners. I have seen thousand of airplane and helicopters at night, and never have I ever seen light formations such as these on an aircraft, nor have I ever seen an aircraft first be stationary in the sky then move quickly such as these.  We saw them for about 10 - 15 minutes, and there were about 5 different craft in the sky at the time...all of this same type though we only saw two of them fly directly overhead.  My husband, son and myself all saw the distinct triangle...and my husband swears he could see the sky through the center of the triangle.  This object appeared to be larger than a 747, and flying quite low for us to see it's shape so clearly.  There was not a star in the sky as it was over cast. After we crossed the Mercier bridge and passed the  Dorval airport we saw many other airplanes ...some flying directly overhead...and I did not see anything that looked like this triangular object. ( Not to our surprize as I had previously mentioned it moved like no other aircraft we had ever seen.)  Our son said it might be  a stealth bomber..which I refute due to the fact that it was much larger than the stealth...much more triangular, had lights and as far as I know Stealths do not remain stationary in the air. Surely someone else has seen these lights...when we were stopped at the lights there were many other cars around, but noone seemed to be gazing at the sky..... Once we got home my husband and myself decided to  do a little investigation on the internet, apparently there have been a few sightings in Quebec along the St. Laurence river ( one even in the exact area we were in ) most involving triangular, or chevron shaped anomalies in the sky. Is the Canadian government testing any aircraft ( at night ) that would fit this description?  Or are they as I fear ( I'm a big chicken) U.F.O's? In the hopes from getting feed back from people who have seen these aircraft, or at the very least know more about U.F.O's than we do, we are posting this account on pertinent web sites, and sending it out to some local enthusiasts.;45.5223717685162;-73.59371869896
Black v shapped ufo with approximatively 6 orange light on each side over montreal.;2009-04-27 21:10:00;6 seconds;Black v shapped ufo with approximatively 6 orange light on each side over montreal. Low flying V shapped black ufo with approx 6 orange-red lights on side of wings. Approx 55 degre is the angle of the wings. No sound . Going Est over Plateau Mont-royal (montreal). Not very big (medium plane). Very weird.Pretty fast so i saw it just for 6 seconds and i was too surprise to remember the exact number and configuration of the lights. But i clearly, i repeat, clearly saw a v shaped craft.  This was real.;45.5223717685162;-73.59371869896
Green illuminated V shape seen above Montreal, Quebec, Canada. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness is skilled & highly educated scientist.  PD));2017-07-22 22:15:00;45 seconds;Green illuminated &quotv&quot shape seen above Montreal, Quebec, Canada Hello.  I would like to report an unusual sight in the skies above Montreal, Quebec, Canada, on the night of 22 July 2017. At approximately 10:15pm, three of us were on the 9th floor common roof-deck of a high-rise condo complex.  We were there to observe fireworks in the downtown area these fireworks were, as it happened, low on the horizon and occluded by other buildings.  The sky was generally clear, with a few long & wide “contrail-like” clouds present. After a few minutes of watching the skyline, etc., we looked directly overhead and saw the following phenomena.  We saw a grouping  of small white cloudlets within an elliptical patch of sky, whose long dimension was approximately equivalent to 5” held at arm’s length.  Within that grouping was an illuminated “v” shape, about ½” at arm’s length in extent, with the arms of the “v” consisting of a number of bright “pinpoint” emerald green lights, each surrounded by small halos.  The shape and distribution of lights (which appeared quite definitely organized or “non-random” to us) remained stationary, as far as we could tell. A we watched the “v” shape, we saw it gradually fade away.  Then, to one side of its location, but also within the elliptical patch of white cloudlets, we noticed a faint white line, extremely linear and precise, and stationary in the sky, with an extent of about 1” at arm’s length.  This white line, and the surrounding patch of cloudlets, then faded entirely from view that is to say, it did not disperse or drift away. The duration of this sighting was approximately 45 seconds. At various times before and after the sighting, we noticed low light-aircraft above Montreal in addition, a rotating searchlight/beacon was operating from one of the downtown highrises.  Regardless, the phenomenon we observed bore no relationship to these other light sources, nor to the distant fireworks.  And incidentally, we noticed that smoke from the low fireworks simply drifted with the wind, and did not fade out. Lastly, one of us (me) waited for clouds to drift into the area directly overhead, where we’d seen the phenomena, to see if some local ground-based illumination might have been the culprit but I saw nothing of the sort. For whatever it’s worth, I myself am a PhD physicist (particle physics), 58 years of age. ((NUFORC Note:  We have corresponded with the witness, and he seems to us to be quite sincere, and sober-minded.  We plan to invite him to submit an illustration of what it was he witnessed.  PD));45.5223717685162;-73.59371869896
