Triange hovers over highway, moves at increasing speed over highway then disappears;1987-03-31 23:00:00;5 mins;Triange hovers over highway, moves at increasing speed over highway then disappears On a late sat. evening, near national guard firing range east of Helena Montana (on way to Townsend), I drove under triangular shaped object w/ white lights on each corner.  I Assumed at first that it was a helicopter over the highway as many fly around the range, we also see alot of parachute flares when the guard trains at night.  When realized the object was a few hundred feet over the highway, I stopped van, got out w/ friend and looked up at the object that emitted only what sounded VERY faintly like an aircraft APU.  The object remained directly overhead for not more than 20 secs and then tilted forward, moved slowly at first over the highway in the direction of Helena.  My friend and I followed the object in the van speeding at one point up to 100mph for not more than a minute then the object seemed to disappear (lost in the city lights of East Helena).  We drove to the Helena airport and saw no activity there.  The next day we returned to the Helena airport (in the daylight) and saw no strange aircraft but a few USAF cars - as far as I know there is no AF presence in Helena.  My friend an I were basically laughed out of high school when we told a few friends and our parents...although one friend had an uncle who was a veterinarian that seemed interested because of some strange cattle mutilations that had happened in the area... I put this out of my mind as something that I could never talk about but a coworker mentioned about flying triangles after seeing some t.v. shows regarding this subject.  After looking on this website, I noted that another gentleman in the Helena area had a similar experience in broad daylight..I would be very interested in talking to that individual. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));46.6029;-111.907
Sighting of an arrowhead shaped craft about 100 feet over our heads with military escort.;2012-07-23 04:00:00;15-20 min;Sighting of an arrowhead shaped craft about 100 feet over our heads with military escort. My son (a volunteer firefighter) and I (a youth minister) were sitting on my front steps smoking and talking before he had to go to work.  We heard the distinct sound of a large military helicopter to the east of us and casually discussed the fact that it was strange that it was doing what looked to be training manuvers at 4:00 in the morning.  We live over the flight path to the airport and see them many times a day.  I was raised by a dad in the Air Force and was in myself so I am fascinated with aircraft and enjoy watching them when they do training excercises.   We continued to watch as it came closer going from the east to the west and were also wondering why it was flying so low.  As it approached the corner of our yard the tree was moving back and forth violently from the down draft of the rotors.  That's when we noticed the street light reflecting off the bottom of a craft flying directly above the helicopter.  It was shaped like an arrowhead and completely blocked out the stars for about 2 city blocks.  The bottom of it looked like a snakes scales made of a metal we have never seen before. It had one red light at the front and was completely silent.  Once out from under the light it was invisible again except for blocking out the stars and they just slowly continued west until out of sight.  We then realized it was not 2 helicopters doing training it was the one helicopter moving to get below the craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness corrected date to July 23, 2012, during telephone conversation with NUFORC.  PD));46.6029;-111.907
