Pilot, former FAA controller, sees 5 pinkish small lights in clear area of sky, arranged in precise staggered-V formation, streak.;1995-12-01 22:55:00;5 sec.;Man and wife were standing under the overhang of their house.  Husband looks up and sees 5 pinkish objects in a clear area of the western sky, that appeared to be very high and travelling very fast.  Objects were in a staggered-V formation, with one object on one side, four objects forming the other arm of the V.  Objects traversed approximately 45 degrees of sky in 5 sec.  They were very precisely spaced from one another.  Observer is former FAA ATC, and is pilot.;42.9933999999998;-84.1595000000006
Bright white light in the woods, emanating light blue color off of it.;2010-11-08 23:30:00;15 minutes;Bright white light in the woods, emanating light blue color off of it. Monday evening at around 11:15 pm on November 8th, 2010, I was leaving my in-laws house when I looked to the south-west tree line and noticed some strange lights emanating from the woods. At first glace, I assumed a police officer had pulled someone over because the light that I was seeing was hazy, almost like police lights shinning through fog. As I began to drive home I was beginning to notice that the lights were too bright to be police lights. I decided that I wanted to investigate further, so I began driving as close to the source as I could. When I reached the source of the light, I was astonished to find that it definitely was not coming from a police car, but rather in the woods, off the road about 300 yards was a bright white light sitting on the ground. As I sat in my car on the road looking through the woods, the light appeared to be about the size of a SUV or large van, but it was a solid oval looking bright white light. The mysterious thing was that the lights coming off from the object was a light blueish color, but the object itself was bright white. The woods that it was sitting in was not very thick, and during the day time you can vaguely see through to the other side, so I was thinking that the object was close to the center of the woods. I sat in my vehicle in shock for about fifteen minutes, staring at the object trying to decipher what it could possibly be. Finally, around 11:45 pm the object completely blinked off. At this point, I began watching the tops of the treeline because it was a very clear night, so if something was to rise up out of the woods, it would have blocked the stars behind it. However, after about five minutes I did not see the object light up again, or leave the woods, and I was too afraid to stay any longer, and I drove home. That night, I couldn't stop thinking about what I saw. I've always been interested in paranormal phenomenon and UFO sightings, but I've always tried to debunk any evidence before considering it to be unexplainable. With this object, I could not think of any explanation. I knew I had to investigate this sighting further, or else the unknown aspect of it would plague me for the rest of my life. Luckily, I had the following day off of work. Right after I woke up on Tuesday morning, I immediately began figuring out how I would investigate what I saw further. I called my Dad who lived in California at the time, and told him my story. I asked what he would do if he were in my position, and he said you have to go back to the woods and try to find anything earthly to explain what you saw. I completely agreed, and immediately returned to the location of my sighting. When I parked my car in the exact same spot that I had been the night before, I stared at the woods remembering what had transpired about twelve hours ago. I began going to the houses close to the woods to try and find who owned them. When i spoke to one of the neighbors, he informed me of where I could find the owners, but after hearing my story he said, Wow that is strange! Well I can tell you this much, there isn't normally, and shouldn't be anything like that going on in the woods at that time. With my new information, I headed to the owner of the woods house. Unfortunately, no one was home, so I left a note I had written on the door with my contact information. It has been almost two months since the night of my sighting, and I have yet to receive any calls from the owner of the woods. I can't pass by those woods at night and think of the sighting I had on the night of November the 8th, 2010. I still do not know what it could have been in the woods that night, and apparently, I never will.;42.9933999999998;-84.1595000000006
