Bright Red/Orange light hovered changed altitude rapidly danced dissappeared then reappeared several times.;2010-09-14 20:45:00;off and on 1 hour;Bright Red/Orange light hovered changed altitude rapidly danced dissappeared then reappeared several times. On 9/14/10 at approximately 845 pm I went to the back yard of my residence to feed my dog.  As I walked to get his bowl to give him food I observed a bright red light in the south west sky in the Williamston area close to I-85, that looked to be several thousand feet up,  and thought it looked odd to be so bright.  The ball of light  was the size of a golfball and later marble in relation to a star.  As I continued to look at the light it then dropped within a second to just above the tree level and hovered,  I then ran back to my back door and yelled for my wife to come look so that I would know that I was seeing the same thing.  She then looked and only saw the object hovering and commented on how bright it was.  As myself and her were watching it the light then emitted another light below it which was bright orange in color.  The lighted object then began to dance from left to right up and down! My wife became frightened after she realized the same thing I! apparently did and knew that the way it was moving could not have been a helicopter or airplane due to the speed and movements it was doing.  The object then dropped lower below the tree line into a heavily wooded area and I could then see what looked like several bright headlights shining through the trees.  As that happened I could then tell it appeared to be within a mile of my house.  I then called my neighbor and another and asked for them to come outside and see what we were seeing.  As all seven of us were watching it, the object then lifted back up very rapidly several hundred feet and disappeared.  It then reappeared across the sky for a few moments and “danced” as it did earlier for five to six minutes.  It then disappeared for the second time.  We watched for almost two hours to see if it came back, but it did not.  It was officially the weirdest thing I had ever seen!  I did contact our local news agency and asked if they received any calls asking about the obj! ect we all saw and they stated they did receive more than a fe! w.  I wi ll be watching hoping to see it again! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.6215;-82.5146000000002
Consistent pattern of flashing light behind the clouds (on a clear night);2013-08-02 22:30:00;ongoing;consistent pattern of flashing light behind the clouds (on a clear night) The sky is clear and the stars are out, yet behind the background clouds, there is a pattern of flashing lights as bright as lightning.  They can't be lightning because there is no crackle or spark of any kind, nor is there any following thunder.  The lights flash kind of like Morse code: flash-flash...flash...left flash...right flash...and then a streak of light.  Then the pattern repeats, which makes me assume it can't be a natural phenomenon. My dad and brothers went riding toward where they figured there must be a tower emitting the lights, but the farther they drove, the more they realized that the lights were not being emitted from anywhere on the ground.  They're positioned in the middle of the sky and they're not moving, as the lights of an aircraft would as it flies.  The flashes are also way too bright and large to be aircraft-based.  My dad describes the streaks after the flashes as looking like particle streaks. They've been going on for a while now (about thirty minutes) and they show no sign of stopping.  Other people are coming out of their houses and driving to get a better look.;34.6215;-82.5146000000002
