The object made erratic movements.;2005-08-06 06:00:00;30 minutes;The object made erratic movements. I got up before daylight to watch for the Space Shuttle Discovery and the Space Station that were to be possibly visable in the NW sky at 05:50.  There were no clouds in the sky and the stars and what I assumed to be Mars were quite visable as I live way out in the country with no city lights.  I never saw the Space Shuttle but continued to look and look.  Then I saw a very small star-looking object that stayed basically in the same location way overhead, almost straight overhead, but slightly west.  It moved in an isolated area making circles and less that 45 degree turns and weaved back and forth.  It could not have been a helicopter because they are unable to move like that.  This object appeared as a faint star with no flashing lights.  There was what appeared to be a regular airplane closer and to the NW that seemed oblivious to the object I saw.  The airplane seemed close, the object seemed like a far away star by comparison. I was reminded, by it's movements, of a paramecium under a microscope, the way one would randomly move about making strange, almost frantic movements.  I would step away and change my angle of veiw to see if it were something close, a moth perhaps, or a bat or bird, but no, it was way up there.  It never left it's limited area of movement. I watched it until daylight and I could no longer see it.;30.4208;-97.0558
Loud rumbling noise, 2 vertical white lights, smaller red ones, massive vehicle moving to northwest;2015-01-07 02:00:00;~2 minutes;Loud rumbling noise, 2 vertical white lights, smaller red ones, massive vehicle moving to northwest. Lexington, TX  At about 2 AM, January 7, 2015, my husband and I heard what sounded like a loud, rumbling engine noise going over our house.  (The noise was not as smooth as a jet, and it was much louder.) He ran out and called to me.  I went outside, too. We couldn't see anything at first. Then, to the northwest and moving in that direction, we saw two pulsing white lights arranged vertically with a lot of space between them. My husband said there were a lot of smaller red lights all around them.  (My night vision isn't too good.)  They were moving as if in a formation, but it wasn't an orderly formation.  It almost seemed like it was one huge vehicle, because all the lights were moving as one.  It would have been a massive vehicle, and indeed, it sounded huge.  All of the neighborhood dogs were barking loudly when this came over.;30.4208;-97.0558
