I was at a corn roast at my cousin across the road from us. There would have been at 30 or mor people there between various relatives a;1973-08-28 20:00:00;1 hour approx.;I was at a corn roast at my cousin across the road from us. There would have been at 30 or mor people there between various relatives and neighbors. I was off in the corner of the yard talking with my younger brother and one of my male cousins when I had this eerie feeling come over me. I looked around and didn't see anything, then I looked up and directly over my brother cousin and I was this flying saucer that looked just like the one on the tv show Lost In Space. I said to everyone there hey look everyone there's a flying saucer over us. Nobody seemed to care. They just went on socializing. Nobody panicked. I kept talking with my cousin and my brother in the corner of the yard constantly looking up to see what the craft was doing and seeing if it was still over us. I was facinated by this craft. While watching it it almost looked like a window opened up just like the way the window would open up on the tv show. It looked like the window glided from right to left. It continued hovering over us for quite a while. I have to admit that I was starting to get a little nervous. Then my mom an aunt and a neighbor decided to walk back home by going around the block so I decided to go with them. The saucer started to follow us. It stayed with my mom my aunt my neighbor and I till we got to our house 5 minutes away from the party. I went in my house and came out the back door to see if it was still there. It was . Hovering right over our house. So I went back in the house and came out the front door and looked to see if it was still there and it was. So I said to my mom and aunt that its still here. They still didn't care. I went in and out of my house about 4 times like this when the last time I came out in the back yard it took oo straight up in the air at the speed of light without making a sound. I remember asking my brother and cousin if they remembered seeing the saucer and they both said no. I asked my mom also years later if she remembered seeing the saucer and she also said no. ! I also saw a space craft that looked just like the Us Eneterprise. I was 15 years old and it was prabably the end of January early February. The temperature was about minus 10 to minus 20 below farenheight. I was delivering my papers as I had a paper route at night that started about 16:00 to 18:00. It was a real clear night. There was a full moon out as well as stars in all direction. I was probably 2/3s done of my route when I started up the highway out of South Lancaster heading west to do the 5 houses out that way. I remembered getting this weird feeling that something wasn't right. I couldn't put my finger on it at the time. Then I realized that I wasn't hearing any traffic. The traffic on the 401 carries quite far on a clear crisp night. As I started to cross the stell frame bridge over the Raisin River I kept looking all around me. Something wasn't right. Ilooked up into the sky and didn't see anything. I looked up and down the road. I looked to the north and didn't see anything. Then I looked south and seeming to be just above the tree tops gliding silently and on the edge of the St lawrence River is this huge crimsom red space ship exactly like the Us Enterprise. Now I have to say that I was trying to convince myself that I really wasn't seeing it but there it was bigger than a jumbo jet. I tried to get my papers delivered quickly to try and follow it but it was soon out of my sight. When I couldn't see it anymore the sounds of the traffic could be heard. Cars came up and down the road. Prior that incident there wasn't a car to be found other than the ones on the 401 to the north of me. Again I told my parents but like I suspected the usual reaction was your seeing things. I said yes I saw a huge space ship just like the Us Enterprise. I mean right down to the two potoons and huge light in the middle of the ship. I mean this was the spittin image only it was red. I was absolutly in awe. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We will invite the witness to have her cousin, and perhaps others, submit reports, as well.  PD));45.1313;-74.4785
