Craft sighting in SC. Complex lighting system and lack of conventional engine noise.;2008-01-03 00:20:00;10 minutes;Craft sighting in SC. Complex lighting system and lack of conventional engine noise. Jan. 03, 2008  To whom it may concern:   I would like to report a sighting. The sighting event started at approximately 12:20am this morning January 03, 2008. Before going to bed last night I stepped outside on our front porch. We live in a rural residential neighborhood outside of the Charlotte, NC area. Temperature was in the 30’s and it was a clear night. We are on a cul-de-sac so there was no traffic or other noise. I began to notice on the horizon a bright white light approaching from the south and being familiar with CLT landing pattern assumed it was a larger jet on approach. The light did not appear to be moving towards the airport but directly towards me. I kept waiting for the noise of a jet, but then began to expect hearing a copter noise because of how slow the object was moving. It all of a sudden seemed then to be moving perpendicular to my location in front of me. This craft appeared to be ¼ to ½ mile away from me and an estimated 800 ft. in altitude.  It was hard to get a perspective of the size because it was dark but judging by the lights I would estimate maybe 75 ft long by 20 ft high. I am not sure of width because of direction traveling. The most fascinating observations about this sighting were the lights on the craft and the lack of noise. In regards to the noise, there was a faint hum/rumble, I say rumble because I could tell and felt that it was powerful. The lighting on the craft was very foreign to me. I have been pursuing my pilot’s and flown with my father for the past twenty-five years so I am familiar with plane/copter lighting configurations. On the front of the craft, which appeared to compose ¼ of its height was a bright white light, but it wasn’t white. It looked like one of the H.I.D (High Intensity Discharge) lighting systems found on higher end vehicles these days. The intensity however was much stronger that automobile types. This light appeared to move along the side of the craft from front to half way down the length of the craft in a sweep. It would do this slowly back and forth. In the middle belly of ! the craf t there looked to be a strobe and red light. The main body and tail/aft section had four red lights staggered in a diamond. On the rear there was a bright white/blue light. This describes the craft from what I saw and the light configuration on the craft. Again, the lack of engine noise was very impressive. The craft moved slowly away from my sight and then turned north and disappeared at a quicker pace and I heard more rumble, but not that of a turbine jet engine.  The entire sighting lasted approximately ten minutes.;35.1046;-81.2168000000001
