saucer shaped, extremely silent, muiltple multiple colored lights, erratic movement in sky.;2000-09-02 22:20:00;45min.;saucer shaped, extremely silent, muiltple multiple colored lights, erratic movement in sky. It was aproxamately 10:20pm on Sep.2,00 my husband and I were just looking at the stars as we usually do here on the farm, we noticed there were some strange light, like purples, greens, yellows, oranges, etc.  It was quite a light show.  It didn't move like a normal aircraft would be able to.  It would dart from one point to another, extremely quickly.  He and I watched it for about 10 min. and decided that we should go in and get my mother and sister and the bonoculars.  What we saw through them, was incredible.  I could see a circle of multicolored lights, beautiful lights.  It never made any noise what so ever, but every time the light show would begin the neighbor's dogs would really carry on (barking).  It would rise and lower but it never did land.  We notified the local sherriffs department and a deputy came out to make sure for one that we were not crazy, it had drifted off by the time he arrived but as we was looking through our bonoculars, it popped back out from behind a distant tree.  We had photographed it prior to the deputy's arrival in hopes to be able to see it better.  We have a very clear picture of the saucer shaped craft, with the surrounding lights.  I also notified a man in the military who deals with this sort of thing and sent him the pic. and he stated that he thought it was authentic, and most definitely somthing not from this world.   I know this all sounds crazy but I suppose that sense you do have a web site for this it is all too common to you. Let me know if I can be of any assistance to you.  Sincerely,  ((name deleted)), Miami OK. ((NUFORC Note:  Report seems somewhat reminiscent of a twinkling star, but that would not explain an object that was moving.  PD));36.8796;-94.8649
I was asleep in bed, then awoke from a loud noise. It sounded like a road crew was in my backyard tearing up asphalt or concrete. I was;2018-12-09 04:00:00;20 minutes;I was asleep in bed, then awoke from a loud noise.  It sounded like a road crew was in my backyard tearing up asphalt or concrete.  I was a bit nervous about finding out what was going on.  As I went through my house toward the back door, the noise became to sound more intense.  I saw very bright white lights.  They nearly blinded me.  As a stepped out the 3 UFO saucers took vertical flight and it appeared as if they quantum leaped to another dimension.  I still hear the saucers digging in my yard, but there is never any turned dirt when I check in the morning.;36.8796;-94.8649
