As I stepped off my front porch I looked to the northern sky and seen a very bright light, much brighter than the stars around it. I co;2003-12-05 19:00:00;10-15 seconds;As I stepped off my front porch I looked to the northern sky and seen a very bright light, much brighter than the stars around it.  I continued looking at it and it started getting smaller until it completely disappeared.  I now think it was moving away and getting smaller. I've seen some strange things in this area of NE Oklahoma,but this is the only one that I haven't been able to rationalize. Thanks for your super site! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  We wonder whether she might have been witness to a satellite, perhaps the International Space Station, which is quite bright in a clear sky.  When a satellite flies into the shadow of the Earth, it dims, which leaves a witness on the ground with the impression that the object had diminished in size, and therefore, streaked away from the witness.  PD));36.8796;-94.8649
UFO MISSOURI INVESTIGATOR GROUP REPORT:  I looked out the window of our pick-up and noticed a large orange star or so I thought…;2005-12-28 21:00:00;5 minutes;I looked out the window of our pick-up and noticed a large orange star or so I thought... I'm guessing the last Wednesday night of December, the 28th, or the first Wednesday, January 4th, about 9:00 pm, I was returning home with my 29 year old daughter after picking her up from church.  I looked out the window of our pick-up and noticed a large orange star or so I thought.   I said Look how orange that star is, I'm going to stop and check it out.  I was just looking at it with my window down at this point, then it started to move.   It was in the northwest sky and traveled a little south, then stopped, moved again south a little farther, and stopped again.  It just stayed there then moved once again,  I told my daughter I was going to follow it because it was moving again.  I was going down a street and I blinked the my lights several times rapidly and the object stopped.  I think that was just coincidence though.  I had to turn by that time to go around the block and when I looked for it, it was just gone!    This all happened faster than the telling.  It also moved rather quickly.  It didn't actually twinkle or blink but I got the impression of something swirling around it like air maybe.   When I got home I asked my husband if there is any standard aircraft that would behave like this did. He said not that he's aware of. I told a woman I work with about the incident and she said her daughter seen an orange object once also. Report taken by the Missouri Investigators Group - B. Becker ufomig@yahoo.com ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  We have written the source, and requested the correct date.  In the mean time, we have changed the date to reflect one in December 2005.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM/CORRECTION FROM WITNESS)) I'M SO SORRY ABOUT THAT. IT WAS 2005. I'VE TALKED TO OTHER PEOPLE SINCE WHO HAVE SEEN ORANGE THINGS IN THE SKY. ((END ADDENDUM));36.8796;-94.8649
