I saw two rows of well lit windows suspended over the trees.;2000-07-01 22:00:00;6-7 seconds.;I saw two rows of well lit windows suspended over the trees. I was riding in a pick-up truck on the passengers side.  I looked out of the side window and saw an object suspended just above the trees.  It was absolutely stationary. The only thing visible was the windows.  They were all equally lit.  The color of the light was uniform and identical to the color given off by an ordinary incandescent light bulb. There were two rows of windows, one row across on top of another(upper and lower, vertically in line) and approximately 18-20 across. All windows were the same size, about 6-8 feet high by 8-10 feet across.  The object was between 150 - 200 feet away. I stared at it intently without even blinking, expecting that I would see somebody come to one of the windows, if I didn't take my eyes off of them.  At the same time I was watching, I was yelling at my friend, who was driving, to pull over.  I repeated myself very sternly to pull over 4-5 times.  He was preoccupied at that very same time searching the middle of the seat for! his tin of chewing tobacco with his right hand, while driving with his left hand and never took his eyes off of the road.So he didn't see it.  I couldn't tell him to look because we had just came off of a curve, before I saw what I saw and we were heading for another curve shortly.  Also, I think I was just so excited, that the only words that I could get out of my mouth was pull over repeatedly.  Has we approached the next curve the object became obscured by trees and a house for 2-3 seconds and then we pulled over after that.  The place where we pulled over was only about 2-3 seconds past the time that I lost visual contact and the area between where we stopped and where the object had been was totally clear, but it was not there any more.  Neither was there anything visible any where in the entire sky. My friend was very irate and asked me what the big emergency was which we needed to pull over for.  I told him what I saw and he just seemed perturbed about it and didn't seem! like he believed me. The road is a road that I drive almost e! very day , about a mile and a half from my house.  What I saw was akin to seeing a well lit, 2 story, 125 foot long office building floating stationary over a familiar area of trees that would normally be clear of any lights.  It was a very clear, very crisp sighting of something very solid and real.  I've got to tell you also that I had an immediate thought that crossed my mind as soon as I could not see the object any more and that was, Could we have just been abducted even though it appears that we never left the vehicle, didn't lose any time, didn't pull over until the object couldn't be seen, and it seems that I was very aware of what I saw before, during and after, exactly as I have explained it here.  What I saw sticks with me like glue and it seems to get under my skin more and more as time goes by.  The past few years I have searched the internet for pictures and diagrams of objects other people have seen, hoping to find out if anybody else saw the same thing at any time.  I came! across the sketch that Barney Hill made of the object that they saw.  It looked to me that it was the same thing that I saw, only looking at it from the side. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.0659;-77.2236999999999
