N.E. WA. 3 witnessed rocket shaped UFO emmitting orange sparks.;2002-11-11 17:30:00;5 seconds;N.E. WA. 3 witnessed rocket shaped UFO emmitting orange sparks. My girlfriends brother in law age 30, my daughter, and myself 31 were driving down hwy. 395 headed west through Kettle Falls, WA.   The time was around 5:30 11-11-02 when when my attention was drawn to the sky I saw a reddish orange object emiting what looked like orange sparks, and it had a tail.  It seemed to just appear, and then seemed to almost stretch as it flew off to west (like you see the enterprise do when it hits warp speed).  It looked like it stopped as it entered atmosphere, then shot to the West.  It was shaped like a 50's rocket toward the front (round nose, not pointy), but it had a tail emmitting what looked like orange sparks.  It had what looked to be an area in the front that was free from sparks in the center of what I would call the nose (clear bubblelike but outlined in orange sparks)   It was in the middle of town, with alot of activity, there were surely more witnesses.   During the sighting we were all quiet, and it took a moment , or two for me to ask, if anyone saw what I saw.  My girlfriends brother confirmed what I saw as did my daughter who asked what it was, I had no answer. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));48.6364;-118.0548
On 2/22/05 my brother witnessed two objects in the NW sky, with meteor characteristics but unusually large.;2005-02-22 20:00:00;3 seconds;On 2/22/05 my brother witnessed two objects in the NW sky, with meteor characteristics but unusually large. My brother -- who is a trained and practicing archaeologist (i.e., trained in observation and not given to hallucinations), told me on Tuesday evening that he witnessed two different phenomena  sometime soon after nightfall,  he saw in the NW sky a blue fireball for about 2 seconds, with a smallish tail, passing from N to NW and flaming out as it met the treelined horizon   then, about one-half hour later, he heard a jet-like whoosh that was ongoing for at least 2 minutes, and a minute later, as he was looking for the jet, he saw again in the NW sky, moving from E to NE, on a flat trajectory, perhaps at 30 degrees, an orange fireball w a blackish tail  he saw this for about one second, when it split into two pieces, w the larger piece being above a smaller piece, and then quickly flamed out (or whatever)  the jet-like whoosh noise remained, however, for about 30 more seconds   i heard my brother yell WOW!! on the porch when this happened -- he said whatever he saw were lots bigger than the usual meteors he has witnessed   the next day, at his work site, a coworker who was driving back to the Kettle Falls area from Spokane (thus, travelling N), corroborated that she also saw an orange object in the sky  feel free to contact me (Ray) if you have other questions, or would like to speak with my brother;48.6364;-118.0548
