One single, beach ball sized .... &quotred ball&quot;1987-01-01 00:00:00;9-10 seconds;One single, beach ball sized .... &quotred ball&quot Back in the beginning of 1987, a buddy of mine and I, had gotten off work at local movie theater. Our shift ended at 11:00pm and since neither of us had eaten that day, we decided to go to a Jack In The Box, grab something to eat and then go for a ride in my old car. We left the theater in Hayward, Ca. somewhere around 11:10pm and drove 20 minutes or so to the Jack In The Box on Castro Valley Blvd. in Castro Valley, Ca..   After leaving the drive-thru, we headed east on Castro Valley Blvd. and eventually came to Paloverde Rd., where we made a right turn. Now, It's dark out there and there was always a rumor or two, floating around our high schools, that the Palomares Rd. area was haunted or something, as was Niles Canyon Rd. To tell the truth, we did go there to eat what we just bought, but also, we went to look for anything unusual, which we soon found. After making my right turn on Paloverde Rd., I spotted, just up ahead, the entrance to Palomares Rd., so pulled over to the right hand shoulder of the small road and parked, right where Palomares Rd. met Paloverde Rd it was a lonely spot. Just across from where we were parked, stood an old abandoned barn, with some old advertisements still painted across the back end of it, facing Paloverde Rd. We started eating and within a few minutes, sometime around 12:00 am, a red ball, about the size of a large beach ball, came up Palomares Rd., heading north, entered on to Paloverde Rd. and stopped directly infront of my car and spun around in circles, in mid air.  It made no noise at all and it was a solid red color.  It didnt't flicker or shoot sparks or anything like that and again, it was about the size of a beach ball.  The whole thing happened only a few seconds from start to finish approximately 7 or 8 seconds at most, at which time it sped away, heading east up Paloverde Rd. towards Hwy 580 and out of sight.  We both saw it and have always talked about it whenever we run into each other. I should mention though, this was NOT the first time that I and others that I was around, had witnessed this same &quotred ball&quot.  One red ball flew through some trees one warm evening, back in the 80's, and zipped right through our Dodge Ball game, about eight of us kids witnessed it, this was in Hayward, Ca.  The other time, I was sitting on top of my dads 1964 Chevy, thinking about some girl in class or something, when I saw a large red ball, high up in the sky.  It was following a DC-10 or somekind of large, jet passenger plane.  It circled around it and flew from one side of the plane to the other as if it were playing with it. I ran inside the house, to tell my parents about what I was seeing outside, when I spotted the nightly news on tv.  The news person was mentioning that a large, red ball had been reported that evening, following and zipping around a large passenger plane and it was being called a UFO, by whoever judges those situations. This was also in Hayward, Ca. I have no reason to lie.  These events were real, all three happened at night, and all three events were witnessed by other people. Thanks. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));37.7056285714285;-122.0693
Metallic orb maintaining position to the right of Moon.;2015-11-07 11:30:00;1 hour;Metallic orb maintaining position to the right of moon Around 11:30 AM I am on my back deck talking to my wife and scanning the South West sky’s with binoculars when to the right of the moon in the 2 o’clock position I see a metallic orb sitting stationary. It appear big enough to see with clearly with 7 x 35 binoculars but hard to see with the naked eye. The sun is high which may be causing that. The sunlight is reflecting off the object like a planet would but this appears to be in our atmosphere as you can see clouds behind it. I have been watching it for an hour now and it has maintained distance from the moon but is now in the 3 o’clock position. This is no sound or anything emitting from the object. I am continuing to watch it with my wife…;37.7056285714285;-122.0693
Orb in our atmosphere in the 2 o'clock position next to the moon hooving all day long…  ((anonymous report));2017-05-22 11:30:00;all morning;Orb in our atmosphere in the 2 o'clock position next to the moon hovering all day long... I reported this same exact siting about a year ago.  The object is at the 2 o'clock position next to the moon.  The object is an orb-shaped object that is metallic, reflecting sun light.  It is not moving at all.  I expect it will remain all afternoon as it has this morning.   My wife and daughter also witnessed it.  I can see it with the naked eye but appears to be very high up in our atmosphere. Tried taking a pic but was not able to get a good quality shot. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.7056285714285;-122.0693
