Objects left Earth towards Moon;2000-05-01 21:00:00;1 min;Objects left Earth towards Moon Two high altitude lights appeared in northern sky over Westlake flying in absolute perfect synchronization to one another.  Their flight pattern took them in a southerly direction but them seemed to slowly arc towards the west.  We then watched as the lights became dimmer and smaller as they flew in a direction towards the setting Moon which was about 25 degrees above the western horizon.  We watched until we could no longer see the objects. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));30.2589;-93.2691
Follow up on first sighting with second daylight sighting of large bright starlike obj. the next day.  ((NUFORC Note:  Not ISS.  PD);2008-08-23 17:50:00;2 minutes;Follow up on first sighting with second daylight sighting of large bright  starlike object the next day. As a follow up to my 8/22/08 sighting report, I would like to submit the following report of a second similar sighting the next day.  On Saturday evening (8/23/08) at 7:40 PM, I returned to my backyard in Westlake, LA and started a through watch to the South and South West direction. (The same direction that I had observed the “daylight star” a day earlier.  At 7:50 PM, again a very large and bright starlike object appears suddenly to the South West against the still clear blue sky. (Sunset was at 7:46 PM and the sky was still very well lit up at this time).  I watched the object for a minute or so to make sure that it was indeed a stationary object. I then attempted to get the attention of someone inside my home by knocking on the windows while trying to watch the object at the same time. (I did not want to take my eyes off the object just in case it faded away into thin air as it did the day before after observing it for 40 minutes).  After knocking on windows for another minute or so to no avail, I momentarily took my eyes off the object three times and was easily able to re-sight the object each time until the third time and then the object was gone when I looked back up. I remained outside watching for another hour without ever seeing the very large and bright “daylight star” again. However, during this time frame all of the “normal stars” that I normally see each evening began to slowly and dimly appear starting around 8:15 PM. I did not notice any “normal stars” moving or disappearing.  I do not know what this very large bright starlike object is, but I am almost positive that it is not a star or a planet.  ((NUFORC Note:  Not ISS.  It was not visible over Los Angeles on this date.  PD);30.2589;-93.2691
