It was the week of thanksgiving holidays my kids and thier cousin were out of school for thanksgiving.  I was in the house cooking the ;2000-11-19 22:00:00;2hrs.;It was the week of thanksgiving holidays my kids and thier cousin were out of school for thanksgiving.  I was in the house cooking the kids were in the backyard jumping on the trampoline while I fixed them some thing to eat in the kitchen, I could see them through the window because my backdoor light was on.  I saw them stop jumping and were staring up at the sky.  I was about to walk out and see what they were looking at because I live in a area that is surrounded by chemeical plants and casino lights so the sky is usually pretty lit up and I owe a telesscope and me and a good friend of mine had recently been seeing strange lights int the sky but before I could walk outside the kids all came running in scared by strange lights they were seeing moving in the sky.  I quickly went out= side to see what they saw and sure enough above the treeline I saw a white glowing sphere of light that pulsed blue and amber lights.  It was dancing erradically in the sky.  You could clearly see it moving up and down, side- ways and it was as bright as a star in fact when it was still you could almost believe it was a star.  As we are out there looking at this my son(11)hollersLook there are more of them  only smaller they are moving too!  I thought he might be caught up in the moment and was imaging it, but when I looked he was right.  The other objects looked like dimmly lit stars but were pulsing the same blue and amber lights, they were also moving erradically but almost like in accordance with the larger brightly lit object.  My husband and friend showed up and found me sin the backyard watching these crafts.  My husband who is a very skeptical was stunned by what we were seeing.  He could find a resaonalbe answer for the objects. The craft made no sounds at all and the larger one began to shot out sparks of light like a beam down towards the ground in the woods behind my house. At that moment we heard an aircraft approaching it was a big passenger plane coming from the airport from the front of my house it  passed extremly close to the brightly lit craft and the craft still continued its erradic dance in the sky.  We see aircraft alot around here and everyone who saw it knows it was a conventional craft.  The sightings of these objects is becoming more frequently in my area.  I decided to report this event only because of that fact.  I don't want to be ridiculed by people but since it is happening so frequently I felt compled to report it to someone who might be able to investigate.  If I had a camcorder I would be sending you footage. ((NUFORC Note:  Report is not inconsistent with the many report NUFORC receives of twinkling stars or planets.  They are virtually always reported to have multiple colors, and to jump around in the night sky.  PD));30.2589;-93.2691
It was not a STAR!!!;2008-11-09 17:22:00;1 minute;It was not a STAR!!! I went outside at 3 PM and immediately noticed the unusual low flight of what appeared to be a small military fighter jet. (This was unusual because of the low altitude over a residential area and the fact that not many military aircraft are ever seen in the area). The jet appeared to be circling the area instead of just passing through. I continued to see many low flying aircraft flying low in the area which were likely military aircraft as well, as they appeared to be very large turboprop aircraft and one large helicopter. Around 5 PM, a large orange/white plane that appeared to be a Coast Guard twin engine turboprop aircraft flew directly overhead. (The first that I have ever seen in the area). At 5:22 PM, a stationary object was observed to the West/Southwest about 60 degrees above the horizon. The stationary object could best be described as appearing star-like to the naked eye except that it was too bright and in the wrong part of the sky to be Saturn or Venus, which were not visible at this time. Already having binoculars in hand due to the air show that had been taking place for the past two hours, I took a better look at the stationary star-like object that looked very unusual and bright to be a star, and appeared to reflecting the sun. Immediately upon looking at the object with binoculars, it was apparent that the object was not a star, planet, or a moving object. The stationary object was totally dark or gray on top and extremely brilliant like the sun only on the very bottom underside of the object. The object appeared to be round. Thinking the only logical explanation for the object might be that it was a balloon sitting still with the setting sun reflecting off it's underside, I decided to watch the object to see if I could tell if it drifted any like a balloon. I braced my elbows on top of the frame of a patio swing to ensure I had a stable view of the object. After locking down my binoculars on the object for about ten seconds, the object shot off due South barely visible due to the high speed of it's acceleration. This makes over a dozen unusual sightings that I have personally observed in the Westlake, Louisiana area in the past six months. (Many with confirming witnesses).;30.2589;-93.2691
Moving ball of Light;2009-06-05 21:00:00;50 seconds;Moving ball of Light After observing approximately 25 UFO sightings during the past 12 months in and around the Westlake, Louisiana area I am somewhat reluctant to file the attached report which I consider the least of all the aforementioned sightings. However, the sightings around here seem to be tapering off a bit as I have not had any in the months of April or May, so out of boredom from a lack of activity, I submit this report.  On the evening of June 5, 2009 at 9:00 PM, I stepped outside my house to scan the sky before retiring for the evening. The sky was extremely clear and all the stars were visible although somewhat dim due a nearly full moon.  After slowly doing a 360 degree scan of the sky three times without seeing anything remarkable, I started walking toward my front door when I noticed an object lit up in the Western sky about 45 degrees above the horizon.  The object can best be described as appearing somewhat like a very bright planet Venus, except it was approximately four times larger. The object appeared to just appear out of nowhere in the middle of the sky as it was headed North. The object was brightly illuminated for two seconds and would then quickly dim completely out of sight for 10-15 seconds and then reappear brightly for two more seconds. This sequence was repeated three times. Each time the object traveled approximately 20 degrees across the sky before it lit back up after 10-15 seconds.  There was absolutely no noise at all outside during the entire 50 seconds or so of elapsed time of this sighting.  I do not believe this sighting to be a normal aircraft due to a total silence during the time of the sighting, a lack of strobes and directional markers, and the relative size would be much larger than a jetliner at cruising altitude. Also, the speed of the object would have been much faster than a conventional aircraft. I also dismiss the notion of this being a satellite, as it was much larger and brighter than any satellite I have witnessed before. Besides, I have never seen satellites turn on and off before either.;30.2589;-93.2691
