Craft with light too low and too quiet for a plane and too often to ignore anymore.;2003-09-15 21:42:00;12 minutes;Craft with light too low and too quiet for a plane and too often to ignore anymore. This is the third time our family has seen UFO type objects in the 9:00 p.m. hour in our area.  We live down a dead end road in the hills in between Charlotte & Greensboro.  If it wasn't for our yard light, it would be totally black except for the stars and moon.  We see planes in their normal flight patterns fairly high above us every evening, but these sightings are definitely different.  The first sighting was at 9:15 p.m. EST on a Monday, Memorial Day, May 26, 2003, when he walked out to give our dogs some leftovers.  He saw a very large rectangular object hovering at tree level in the east about 1/4 mile away.  It made a strange and scary noise and he hightailed it back to the house.  It just disappeared after a couple of minutes.  The second sighting was the same.  The last sighting last night was odd and unnerving.  We were watching the Monday night game with the front door open, which faces south.  I was bored with the game and glanced out the door and a light caught my eye as it appeared to be below tree level on this side of the mountain behind it heading towards our front door.  I asked my husband what that light could be.  He looked and we couldn't believe what we were seeing.  We called to our 15 year old son and we all went out on the deck to see what it could be.  It was a square type object full of light moving slowly towards us below tree level.  Since we had seen other strange things out here, I ran and grabbed my camcorder.  With the yard light to my left and rear, I was first unable to find the object, so I moved to a dark portion of our deck and picked up the object.  It moved towards us and then turned east and was out of sight very quickly.  There was no sound and should have been as it was within 2000 yards of us.  After it disappeared, we saw a regular plane coming out of the east towards the west and heard it's sound.  My husband and son went back inside the house and I stayed out to see if it would come back.  Within 1-2 minutes, I saw lights coming towards me ! again through the trees from the south to the north and then it turned towards the east and went out of sight.  It didn't seem to be the same type craft as the first time but it could have been.  It happened 5 times ending at 9:50 p.m.  Since my camcorder ran out of battery, I grabbed my binoculars and caught the light on the fifth time.  I noticed that this time it looked like a triangle shape with 2 lights on each wing and 2 in the front center with a red light on top as it banked out to the east in a clearing of the trees.  I worked for Northrop Grumman in the past and it could have been a B2 or something.  It had that shape but it seemed different from the craft we all saw.  Maybe there is some testing or training going on here but the crafts were all silent this time. I am reporting it this time in hopes of finding out what it could have been.  We've only been here for a year, we are originally from Virginia Beach.  Any ideas out there?  The camcorder shows the lights have a square look and haze to them probably because of reflection but comes into view like something else.  There was what appeared to be heat lightning briefly following the sighting.;35.2273;-79.9822
