Triangular brightly lit object.;2000-08-21 23:00:00;1 minute;Triangular brightly lit object. On the evening I saw this object, I was at my brother-in-laws cottage on Georgian Bay(North Eastern Lake Huron). I had gone to the beach, with my binoculars and a constellation map, in an attempt to observe some of these constellations and stars.I was down on the beach approximately an hour and a half and had just put the binoculars down to take a break from looking at the sky. I was staring out over the Bay when I noticed a bright light just above me.  I worked in a factory that was located by the airport in Toronto, and because the location was almost directly underneath the flight path for large planes that were landing. At night when they were close enough the lights were very bright, and that is what I thought I was observing on this night. Then it dawned on me, hey there are no airports within at least 150KM., large enough for planes that size.  What I thought I saw was something entering our atmosphere(like a meteor that gets brighter as it burns up on entry), but what I saw was like the total opposite. Instead of getting brighter, it started to grow dimmer and smaller until it was the size of a star that you would see on any night. Then it started to move in a west to east direction moving faster than anything I've ever observed in the sky(be it a plane, or a sattelite). At that time I reached for my binoculars, but by the time I grabbed them, and looked back at the sky I could no longer find this object. ((NUFORC Note:  We assume the witness implies an approximate date of August 21, 2000.  We will attempt to confirm.  PD));44.7529;-79.8865999999999
a triangular looking oblect that wasd on fire flying trough the shy from east  to west start and stopping on a dime.;2004-07-02 00:00:00;50 min;a triangular looking oblect that wasd on fire flying trough the shy from east  to west start and stopping on a dime. me and wifey were at a drive in movie one  night of july 2/04 when suddenly something caught my eye, and i began to watch this object in the sky. it appeared to be a glowing triangle of fire. at times it would flash 3-4 different colors simotainously. Then it would turn solid green and wip through the sky like nothing on this earth even military aircrafts. then in a matter of 4-5 sec it would turn solid red then stop on a dime. start and stop it repeated the same thing for about 45. min i missed the last half of my movie because of it. it also hovered around the sky moving very slow at times and moved closer to us very close, at one point it was hovering right over our heads. back and forth i followed this object flying back and forth the shy wipping through the sky like a line of fire. it then made it's way totally east and began to slowly fall from the sky moving down past the tree's and out of my view. all i know is that after i lost my view about 5 min later, a fire truck, ambulance, police car were seen and heard driving like mad down the only road that was beside us toward it. it seemed like it was chasing it or someone called it in or reported an accident or something. all i know that it was like nothing i've ever seen before and i spend alot of time watching thee sky before and more now. i've seen a few things that are unexplainable..  thany you;44.7529;-79.8865999999999
Triangle lights hovered close over tree tops;2007-09-17 21:00:00;3 Minutes;Triangle lights hovered close over tree tops September 17th 2007 at 9:00pm I was driving on Balm Beach Rd E just entering Midland, ON with my mother and we seen blue and white lights in the sky. I said “that is a really low flying plane”, which is odd since there are no airports near by. It looked like it was going to crash it was coming down at quite a rapid speed and covering quite a bit of distance. We were roughly 100ft or so from a wooded area on the right hand side, when all of a sudden it came down and stopped dead above the trees. The lights were in a perfect triangle, they were now green and white colored lights.  I was trying to look at it and pay attention to the road, but my mother said one of the lights was red as well. It just hovered there with no sound. I wasn’t going to stop and look, so I kept driving and it stayed there while we were on the hill and going around the bend.  After that we couldn’t see it anymore. We looked for it on the way home a few hours later, but there was nothing at all.;44.7529;-79.8865999999999
