Bright object descended rapidly, leaving a shower of sparks, and turned in a J shape, then stayed the same.;2009-05-28 04:00:00;45 minutes;Bright object descended rapidly, leaving a shower of sparks, and turned in a J shape, then stayed the same. I woke up at 4:00 a.m. to behold a bright yellow light, about three times bigger than a bright star, even with the ridge top east of El Rito.  The ridge is about 500 feet above the valley floor where the town is situated.  I was looking east at this object. Within 5 minutes, it had risen about an “inch” above the ridgeline.  In two or three more minutes, it had risen about 2 “inches.”  (If I hold up my fingers horizontally and squint with one eye, it seems to have risen to two fingers above the ridgeline. Then, as I sat there watching it, it started to descend rapidly, throwing out a shower of sparks behind it.  A shooting star was descending at the same time, to the northeast, but this object was not near it, and it was bigger than the shooting star.  Suddenly it turned in a J shape, and began ascending again, then stopped and stayed in the same place. I continued to watch it for 45 minutes, until 4:45 a.m., when I became so sleepy that I couldn’t keep watching anymore.  In that time, it had risen 6 finger-widths from the ridgeline, faster than the sun rises, so I think it was rising faster than the rotation of the earth. Part of the time, I watched it through binoculars.  When I did, I seemed to be able to discern a crescent shape, and through the binoculars, it appeared to be sending out rays in all four directions like a cross. Perhaps I was looking at Venus, which my almanac says is bright in the morning sky right now.  But if that was Venus, then why was it brighter than a shooting star, and bigger, and why was it rising so rapidly, and why did it descend, sending out a shower of sparks behind it, and then turn in a J shape and ascend?  I think this is very unusual. I spoke today to a local astronomer, who hadn’t noticed it.  I’ve agreed to get up at 4:00 a.m. tomorrow and observe again, and he has agreed to observe also, and I will call him at work on Monday morning, June 1, and we will compare notes.;36.3682;-106.2182
