A friend and I were talking about satilites and how using your perephial vision makes them easier to spot.  I only had to look for abou;2001-06-10 23:00:00;60 seconds;A friend and I were talking about satilites and how using your perephial vision makes them easier to spot.  I only had to look for about min. when I noticed a moving light. It seemed to appear out of a heart shaped pattern in the sky which was roughly 90 deg straight up from my position in Greenwood.  Directly after this, I noticed that not only was I seeing and object, I was seening 3 points of light triangular in shape moving at the same speed and never getting any nearer or further from each other. This entire object or group of objects was moving to the south-east at a very steady pace only seeming to get slower as it neared the horizon.  All three lights seemed to be the same in intensity as well as size.  If these were seperate objects, they must have been at least 700 to 800 miles apart if not more.  It was about a 2 finger widths distance the hand measure.  I went inside and told my friend that he needed to come see this and He saw the same thing for about 20 more seconds before a gradual decrease in brightness caused the object/s to not be visable.  It would be important to note here that the decrease in brightness happened about 18-20 deg above the horizon.  I have heard of Geo Syncronized Satelites and geo-stationary as well. I am assuming that Geo Syncronized means several satelites are syncronized to do work like global mapping and such.  To do such work effectively would take at least 3 satelites to triangulate a position to be compared to the ground ie (temprate rainforest studies) and so on.  This might be the most logical explaination to my sighting and to a another reported sighting that was in May-Englewood California. Please let me know what you are thinking on this.  I have found the use of a stealh blimp to be an interesting yet unlikely scenerio.  What I saw and what the unamed lady described her report match perectly, and what I say would have been to large and to high if it were a blimp.  Keep in mind my veiw of the rest of the sky was unobstructed .  Thank You for your time.  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We believe the witnesses may have witnessed the three satellites that frequently are reported to our Center.  Further, we believe that the satellites are part of the U. S. Navy N.O.S.S. satellite program, although the Navy apparently is hesitant to claim any knowledge of the objects.  PD));38.8698;-94.2802
