ok. How are you or youll. 1st off this really isnt my thing. i myself am very up in the air about what the ufo's may or may not be. thi;2019-10-12 16:00:00;dont know;ok. How are you or youll. 1st off this really isnt my thing. i myself am very up in the air about what the ufo's may or may not be. this case isnt about seeing something flying around or such. I was on one of my jobs, a restaurant roof top. While up there out of my perrifial view i caught a slight flash of a sort in the direction of the soon to be setting sun. I turned to look but couldn't because what ever it is was in the direction of the sun. so i resided to take a couple of pictures in the direction of the sun, planning to look at them when it crossed my mind again. The following day i did just that and sure as a turd is brown there is something there. Now im not talking about something obscure or difficult to make out, its there, plain as day. The half dozen people ive had look at this are very quickly astounded by it because its simply not what myself or anyone else was expecting to see. I cant state that it's a ship or even something that is mobile in any respect. It's a series of circles, one inside the other from larger tom smaller. its definitely not a cloud and its material or structure is very uncertain. I guess im just hoping others will see this and ! who knows may know some thing. Have you ever read the book of Enoch? well in that book Enoch is speaking to an Angel, i think Gabriel. Any way Enoch asked this Angel what was it he was looking at that appeared like some type of Spiral something. The Angel replied, this is how we travel from place to place. This is what is in the picture resembles, to me any way. I will send you the original pic and ill send another with it pointing to the object. Zoom in to it about 25% and you will see very clearly what ive spoken here about. Its certainly interesting, different, even unsuspecting. Please let me know what you think. Thank you.;32.7002;-93.689
