Small orange orb hovering in lawn;2001-09-30 00:00:00;5 minutes;Small orange orb hovering in lawn I was laying awake in bed attempting to sleep and for I guess curiosities sake I decided to look out the window by my bed.  Peering through the blinds I saw what appeared to be a little larger than a beach ball sized bright orangish orb that looked to be spinning and hovering in place about 30-40 feet away from my window.  I was very frightened by this and after staring for a few seconds, I looked away and closed my eyes.   Not wanting to believe what I saw, I quickly looked out again and it was still there, hovering and spinning like before.  Convinced and thoroughly frightened, I laid down and closed my eyes and just hoped whatever it was would go away, and what felt like minutes passed before I heard what sounded like a jet flying right beside my house.   I looked outside again for the last time, and it was gone.  In hindsight, the jet might have been Barksdale AFB chasing after this object.  It was definitely a surreal experience.;32.7002;-93.689
Two to three objects seemingly intelligently operated. Stopped then swelled in size with large flash and streak of light.;2020-12-09 19:24:00;2 minutes;Two to three objects seemingly intelligently operated. Stopped then swelled in size with large flash and streak of light. Upon looking up while taking my dogs out to relieve themselves. I looked up into the southwestern sky from my back yard. It is a rural area and very low light pollution which provides for a clear view of the nights sky. I was admiring the beauty of the stars when my attention was quickly drawn towards a small and very dim star. To my surprise the star started moving from it’s Fixed location. It then stopped. Another started moving from its fixed location and then passed the previous star. The objects were very high in altitude. I am not certain as to how high up. But further then most commercial airliners. They were not airplanes. They resembled a star or a burning sphere. There were no trails on these two crafts that skated across the sky with ease. I am not certain as to why I did this. But I flicked my lighter at the objects. The one that continued moving past the object/star that sat still. Suddenly and very lively swelled to three times its size. Before! flashing and disappearing. The object that had sat for about twenty seconds without going dim or lighting up. Finally started moving after the other object disappeared. It too then evaporated into nothingness almost like a dimmer switch was turned down. I was excited and stayed staring into the same sector, scanning with hope I would see something again. To my surprise the was a large flash coupled with a streak across the same area near where I had just viewed these objects. It was what most people would consider a shooting star. But it didn’t really feel like it was that to me. It was blue to white and shot very rapidly towards the same direction the objects had disappeared to.;32.7002;-93.689
