Triangular shaped craft silently skating/ flying over house and neighborhood;2021-06-25 21:30:00;2 minutes;Triangular shaped craft silently skating/ flying over house and neighborhood Briefly glance up to see the stars and noticed a dark triangular shaped flying vehicle approximately 300 too 500ft above the ground. It was directly over my house flying from 157•SE to roughly 339•N. The craft did not make a sound. I could see the inside of the ship on one side. However could not make out any discernible feature of people or inhabitants. The point of the triangle was forward. It made no sound. Ran to grab wife, she was stunned as I was. She pointed out the ship had a wobble to it. Like I slight wiggle effect as I quietly skated towards the North. There were no clouds it was a clear night and stars were out.the craft had yellow to white lights on it. But no green or red blinking indicator lights as required by the FAA. I did notice two Aircraft keeping quite a distance from the craft. However they flew in a scattered formation while maintaining a massive distance from the craft. The two planes were very high in altitude and I could hear their! engines when they turned back around to echo the flight pattern of the UAP. I have never seen a triangular shaped craft. Seconds after the UAP skated out of my line of sight. I witnessed a second UAP. The second one appeared as a ball of light. It faded into existence well lit with an orange to yellow/white glow. It was extremely high altitude. Potentially outside of earths atmosphere. It skated across the sky for a few seconds. The distance was enormous. It then abruptly stopped in place. With a wiggling effect changed its direction continued on for a second and faded away as if it had disappeared. I see these orbs and other UAP’s over The vicinity of my backyard for several years now. I often can simply lay back in a chair and watch the show so to speak. My wife saw the first craft. I have never seen a triangular shaped UAP. It didn’t make any noise and was not very high up. I believe it could have been a military vehicle. As most of the UAP’s I have witnessed over the years seem to give off a vibration or energy of unnatural. Or not of this earth. This triangular shaped craft. Felt like something we made and were testing. Even though it did have a strange wiggle and did scare my wife. The sensation felt human to me. Still Very fascinating and I hope this helps. Thanks;32.7002;-93.689
