Cluster of bright yellow gold lights in formation seen hovering  over Marin County;2017-01-06 19:00:00;25 minutes;Cluster of bright yellow gold lights in formation seen hovering  over Marin County I come walking down the street and turn the corner and immediately notice approximately a dozen bright yellow lights hovering about a half mile to a mile to the east of me.  These lights are all at eye level and are hovering in a large group over the city of San Anselmo centered around the Red Hill area.  Behind this group there is a V or triangular shaped formation of 3 lights that look just as if they came out of a welder's torch or a soldering gun.I walked over to talk to a woman that was looking through the trunk of her car and said do you see what is going on over here.  She joined me for about 15 minutes as we observed this group of brightly lit objects.  She was very concerned and totally amazed at what she was seeing and had never seen anything like this before.  There were two large objects about 200 yards apart with approximately 7 to 10 objects in between these 2 large objects. It looked like these objects were swarming in between these 2 large brightly lit objects like bees swarming around a hive.  All of these lights looked the same except they varied in brightness.  These objects looked like they wanted to be seen and were totally cluttering up this small area with no attempt to cloak themselves or become dimmer.  This concerned neighbor and I were looking at this object on the far left of this formation for 10 to 15 minutes and could not make out any specific shape to it, except to say that it had streams of light coming of it, and that it looked like an oblong lava lamp.    Finally this object on the left began to strobe or blink and started heading southwest toward Mt. Tamalpais area with all the other objects following.   My neighbor said this was going to be bothering her and she was going to be thinking about this all night long and was going to be upset if this was not talked about on the news.I told her I witnessed a crazy amount of activity the night before but the activity was farther away and out over the bay near San Rafael.;37.9861;-122.5688
