Red/orange noiseless lights in formation at low altitude.;2012-11-10 21:30:00;~10 minutes;Red/orange noiseless lights in formation at low altitude. I was closing my bedroom window when I noticed a very bright red/orange light coming over Mount. Tamapais (from a westerly direction).  It was too low to be a plane, so I ran outside to the front yard, and looked up the street towards the mountain.   There I saw at least 5 more of the same craft, slowly hovering, moving East, over the valley where we live. More appeared over the course of the next 5 minutes.  They were in formation, moving towards us, like they would land soon in the street in front of us.   My neighbors were also outside observing the lights. They were noiseless, moved always in formation, and in the next 5 minutes, seemed to move South, and disappear.   My husband used binoculars, and said they looked diamond in shape, said it was hard to define the shape.  Very bright, deep, orange/red.;37.9861;-122.5688
18 luminous objects seen in a one minute sighting;2014-10-10 20:50:00;50 minutes;18 luminous objects seen in a one minute sighting I was on top of one of the foothills of Mt. Tamalpais from 7:40 until 8:30 P.M.  When I reached the top of this hill, I witnessed several bright yellow gold objects-the color of fire burning in your fireplace hovering above one of the hillsides to the southeast lighting up super bright then dimming down changing in shape and size looking somewhat triangular or diamond shaped.  Ten minutes later, at 7:50 P.M., in as long as it takes to count from 1 to 18 I counted 18 lights-objects literally swarming through this entire area.  This is the most objects I've ever seen all at once and they were hovering at treetop level, hovering above nearby hills, suspended over the S.F. Bay off in the distance, crisscrossing each others' paths, and nearly colliding into each other and hovering and approaching other objects to make triangular and rectangular formations in the sky etc.   I don't think you can blame the Blue Angels for this because not one of these objects was making a sound.   For a couple of minutes it looked like a total invasion until it thinned out a bit. I was wondering what would happen if an actual plane came through the area when all of a sudden at about 8:05 P.M. a plane came through from the northwest heading right through all this activity.  The plane was flying about twice as high up as all these other objects and flew over a cluster of about 6 to 8 of these lights and 3 of these lights were forming a triangular shape above one of these hills near the water between San Quentin and Corte Madera area.  I had binoculars and you could see the whole plane and hear it.  In the 50 minutes of continuous sightings of these other silent objects I could not identify any specific shape except somewhat disc or oblong teardrop shape maybe diamond or triangular.  I did see a couple of strobing red disc like objects but 90 percent of these objects look the same -bright yellowish gold orangish lights.;37.9861;-122.5688
Multiple yellow gold orange lights seen by 3 witnesses;2014-10-17 20:45:00;20 minutes;Multiple yellow gold orange lights seen by 3 witnesses I am filing this report because I met 2 other witnesses and engaged in a conversation with them as we witnessed multiple yellow gold orange lights in various locations in a cluster or group hovering or floating about in the night sky.  These lights would hover at treetop or hilltop level in the southeastern sky coming up and then dipping below the treelines basically coming out of nowhere.  There would be 2 or 3 lights and then there would be 6 to 10 objects a few seconds later in various locations. I saw a string of 7 objects line up in a row at one point.  This is the second time I've had 2 other witnesses with me lately observing this activity.  The other time was on 9-30-14, same 2 witnesses same activity and same mysterious yellow gold lights.  I am baffled as to why there are not more reports or other people noticing this although 2 reports were filed on the night of 11-10-12 that are quite interesting in this same area.  These sightings are occur! ing up to several miles away which also include San Rafael, Ross, Larkspur etc.  I will add that the 3 of us met while out walking the dog and agreed that we were witnessing something unusual.;37.9861;-122.5688
