Large, black object, moving silently & very slowly.;2000-04-25 22:00:00;30 seconds;Large Black Object Moving Silently & Very Slowly UFO SIGHTING REPORT:  I have always been interested and drawn to, the idea of UFO’s and ‘visitors.’  However, I’ve never seen one or experienced an abduction, etc.  My husband ((named deleted)), had no interest at all in the subject, but would listen to my stories about UFO books I read or sightings others had experienced. My report date of this incident is an approximation, as I cannot recall it precisely.  I had to be away this particular week-end to attend an aunt’s funeral.  When my husband joined me the day of the funeral, he told me that he was in the upstairs bathroom of our little, country house, the night before, when something outside the window caught his eye.  I believe it was a warm month (summer?) but am not positive. We lived very close to a large, provincial park as well as an army base.  We often saw and heard large planes flying overhead, mostly during the day, but sometimes at night.  They were heavy and very loud.  I mention these things in case it is relevant to the sighting. Terry said that when he went to the bathroom window to see what had passed, he saw the back end of a large, black object, which I believe he said it was a triangular shape.  He said it was flying just above the tree line that surrounded our 1 acre property.  It moved slowly, steadily and very silently.  There were lights across the back of the object, that lit up sequentially (if memory serves).  We lived beside a field of hydro-power lines/towers and he immediately thought that it was flying so low that he was sure it would hit them, but it didn’t.  He continued to watch as it moved over the hydro lines towards the provincial park, and lost sight of it eventually.  He assumed it may have been headed to the army base. This is all the information I can recall.  If you need more detail please reply and my husband may be able to add a bit more detail. I could not believe that he was the one to witness this and during a time when I happened to be away.  Best, ((name deleted)) Ontario, Canada ((AMENDMENT FROM WITNESS)) Hi Peter, Here’s my husbands version of the UFO sighting.   *AMENDMENT TO ORIGINAL REPORT: UFO SIGHTING REPORT AMENDMENT: This is the recollection of the experiencer (husband) as he remembers it:  (Around Easter, 2001 probably the Tuesday after Easter Sunday) * I was standing in the upstairs bathroom one evening after dark. The window was partly open. For some reason, which I cannot recall, I looked out the window. There above me in the dark was a long horizontal array of circular lights like old headlights. The craft was not moving very fast and made no sound. It seemed to be very close to the roof of the house. Nearby in the direction it was flying was a row of fir trees about 60 feet high. I thought for sure that the craft would strike them and I waited. Nothing!. Then I thought that although it got by the trees somehow there are even taller hydro-electric towers in the direction of the flight path. Once again I waited for a crash but nothing. Then it was over. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.9695807692308;-80.024032051282
