the first time I ever saw anything like this;2008-07-15 15:00:00;about 10 secs.;the first time I ever saw anything like this While sitting outside on my upstairs deck, facing west, I saw two objects very high in the north west sky.  They were moving in a south westardly direction at the same rate of speed which I thought was kinda slow.  Then one moved in the opposite direction in an instant and both disappeared before my eyes.;42.9;-78.9435
Green on and off light with no craft associated moving faster than any jet plane can go & direction change.;2011-12-31 00:30:00;2 minutes;Green on and off light with no craft associated moving faster than any jet plane can go & direction change Coming home in car along the Niagara River half way between Niagara Falls Ontario and Fort Erie Ontario. The nite was a crystal clear full moon no cloud nite. The mouth of the Niagara River starts at Fort Erie and goes to Niagara Falls and finishes at Lake Ontario.The road that goes right beside the river all the way from Niagara Falls to Fort Erie gives a clear uninterrupted view the full length of the river. As I am driving I see a mysterious GREEN LIGHT coming RAPIDLY FASTER THAN ANY JET PLANE CAN GO from the mouth of the Niagara River at a height hundreds of yards above the tree or building height. The light is going on and then off. I stop the car in amazement with my wife and her mother and I get out as well as roll windows dow,  To my amazement there is no sound at all and there is no object of any shape other than this light coming on about every 1/8 mile in the sky. The on and off light continues right down above the Niagara River past us and I watch it get to Niagara Falls. At Niagara Falls I watch the light make a complete sudden upward move and in seconds get out of sight vertically. I phoned police and airport the next day.  I was the only car on this road that late night. MOST INTERESTING the very next nite the same mysterious green on amnd off again light was seen over Ottawa Ontario;42.9;-78.9435
