Sounded similar to a plane, but was triangular and set out on a repeated and definite flight plan!;2012-08-29 00:30:00;3 hours;Sounded similar to a plane, but was triangular and set out on a repeated and definite flight plan! While watching late news, I heard what I thought was an airplane. Didn't think much of it... at first. Every 20-25 minutes I would again hear this sound, traveling from SSE to NNW. After the third time, I went outside onto my deck to try to catch a glimpse of the aircraft I heard at regular intervals. The sky is clear, near full moon, not a cloud in the sky. Beautiful night for star gazing.  From the SSE, I first noticed two very bright white lights... much brighter than even medivac's lights would be. As this craft got closer, I heard that familiar sound of what I thought was an airplane. As the craft flew over me, I realized this was triangular in shape with three white lights and one bright red, flashing light in the center, under-side.  I followed this craft visually as it continued N then NW...followed along the horizon until it was out of sight due to a ridge of trees and houses. Approximately 20 minutes passed when I again caught this craft in the SW sky. From that point, it was almost exactly 5 minutes before it was once again approaching me from the SSE, continuing along the same path as before.  As I am writing of this siting of something, it has again just completed another lap in/around the area. I've searched all sources of media for any way to explain this bazaar siting... nothing...  No other witnesses to what I've seen except for my dog!;39.6467;-77.571
While drivig down the highway I saw three huge lights in a triangle shape hovering over the tree tops on the top of the hill.;2013-08-20 22:00:00;2 minutes;While drivig down the highway I saw three huge lights in a triangle shape hovering over the tree tops on the top of the hill. Was driving down the highway, once I got to the bottom of the hill I looked up to check the exit sign and saw three lights in the shape of a triangle hovering over the tree tops.   I drive this way all the time and there are no stores or anything up where the lights were.   I saw it for about two minutes before getting off my exit.   I didn't realize what it was when I initially saw it.  It didn't move, I heard no noise, and no one else on the road seemed to notice.;39.6467;-77.571
6 very large moon-sized white orbs arranged as 2 separate triangles appeared close by and moved silently toward the ground.;2014-05-22 01:00:00;5 seconds;6 very large moon-sized white orbs arranged as 2 separate triangles appeared close by and moved silently toward the ground My 22 yr old Nephew and I were standing in his backyard searching for the source of a couple of bangs heard in the yard and as soon as we looked in the direction of the noise we witnessed 6 very large orbs (about the size of a full moon) in the form of two triangles moving silently across the skyline in a single file line, heading towards the ground as if it were making a crash landing.   We lost site of the two groups of bright white orbs and assumed that, though they were completely silent, they couldn't have been more than 100 feet away.  There was no sound as we braced ourselves for the sound of impact.  The lights were very crisp and bright, and we got a perfectly clear view of their movement toward the ground.   I was so frightened upon seeing this that I honestly feared for my life at the time and could barely bring myself to stay outside to witness whatever may have come after these objects landed.   We often see stationary blinking lights scattered over top of the mountains that surround the area, and after seeing this object we noticed at least 10 of these stationary star-like lights move around the sky toward the strange orbs we just watched, as well as several air planes all headed the same direction.  (I realize they may have been headed to an airport and not the orbs we saw but the orbs were most definitely not landing at an airport, as no such air port exists where the orbs headed)  I am by no means crazy, nor is my nephew, and seeing these lights changed my life forever as I TOO now have witnessed something truly paranormal and not of this world and I can undeniably say that this was no hoax, and in no way could it have been explained by swamp gas, weather balloons, flares, or airplanes.   We ARE near Camp David where there may be government testing but I can't fathom what kind of man made craft could have produced this kind of sighting.;39.6467;-77.571
