UFO sighted by 5 in woods, it had multi-coulored, flashing lights and went from a horizontal position to a vertical position while obse;1986-06-13 01:20:00;15 minutes;UFO sighted by 5 in woods, it had multi-coulored, flashing lights and went from a horizontal position to a vertical position while obse We were at our hunting camp, I got up to go to washroom 1h20 a.m.  It was a very dark sky and we positively do not think it was a plane or helicopter.   As I was stepping out I immediately saw a object in the sky about the height of a helicopter that is surveying forest (woods) would be.  It was saucer form with edges that seemed to be (measuring thickness with  my fingers) was like 3 inches thick which maybe could be in reality, 6 to 10 feet thick.   This thing hovered at same level for about 12 to 15 mins.  It had flashing lights all around which started off red and blue.  It seemed to be spinning or it was the effect of the lights flashing in sequence all around.  There was no sound ever heard from the object.   I went back in the camp woke the other 4 which all witnessed this flying object.   I came back out with powerful flashlight and flashed my beam of light in its direction.  As soon as I started flashing flashlight the object went from a horizontal position to a vertical one, and the lights changed color to green and yellow.  I was begged to stop because my friend's wife was absolutely terrified and was scared that this object would land and or do us harm..  Two of us remained outside observing this until, this is the most bizarre part of story.  We just remember looking up at the sky but nothing was there anymore, as if we lost a bit of time or something.  We remember looking at this thing and then nothing.  We looked at each other and don't remember this thing leaving.   The following week, the local newspaper (l'Echo Abitibien) reported of this event stating that a object was reported seen by persons and if my memory is correct it had been reported to police by a few people.   This object was sighted about 15 miles north of Val-d'Or towards the town of Barraute, it was observed in the Southwesterly direction..  I know it's a long time ago, but this I will never forget..;48.1037000000001;-77.7829999999999
