metallic saucer with row of orange glowing windows performed maneuvers  via making upward or downward angles the shot across the sky;1971-06-01 08:00:00;2 minutes;metallic saucer with row of orange glowing windows performed maneuvers  via making upward or downward angles the shot across the sky On a summer evening in June or July, 1971, my boyfriend and I were en route to a local movie theater in the center of town.  There was a naval air station very close to town, so we were accustomed to see various aircraft flying over the town.   On this particular night the sun had set and the last few rays were a purple-orange color high in the clouds.  As we remarked on the nice evening, I caught a glimpse of an orange glimmer off the window of an aircraft.  At first I thought it was the sun reflecting off a normal aircraft.  It was no ordinary aircraft and we stopped in the first available parking lot to observe more closely.  To our wonderment, this saucer-shaped craft was performing maneuvers above us!   At first, it simply hovered about the height that a small aircraft would fly - maybe 1000-2000 feet up. It made no engine noise.  There was a row of what appeared to be windows completely encircling the center edge (as if two plates were placed together with the inner sides facing each other).  These windows had vertical supports evenly spaced aroung the craft, like plate glass windows.  They glowed a deep orange from inside the craft. The last rays of the sun glinted off the edge of the craft.  The body was a dark metallic color, darker than a commercial aircraft.  It began to move for a total of three maneuvers. First, it tilted at about 30-40 degrees and hovered.   Suddenly it shot away so quickly we thought it was gone, only to find that it had moved across the sky at that same angle. It remained at the angle and then began to angle itself in a different direction.  This time it moved in short quick motions, reangling itself toward another portion of the sky.  It took off and we again found it by following the line formed by the angle from the leading edge.  This was all very startling and my hair stood on end.  We began to feel that we were truly watching a spacecraft.  Within a few seconds more this craft just shot out into the sky and was gone in an instant.  I have never discussed this with anyone other that close friends and family.  We did, however, call the naval air station to report what we had seen.  Every time I hear of something like this, I get chill bumps, remembering the night we saw this incredible sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident in 1971 is approximate.  PD));31.5616019512195;-84.1904170731707
