Spotting two UFO's at night, one landing the other taking off, plus one other on the ground the very next day.;2007-03-15 19:00:00;20 minutes;Spotting two UFO's at night, one landing the other taking off, plus one other on the ground the very next day. On or about March 15, 2007, my husband decided he wanted to go for a drive.  I went, my two daughter's and my sister.  We had our three dog's as well with us.  We all entered our Suburban and left.  This was around eight p.m. We like to go out into the desert, so we drove out to the Gunnison Gorge, because it is peaceful, very desolate, secluded, and quiet.  We took our time, and finally reached our destination.  We like to stop and watch the sky for unusual things, so we did this for almost an hour.  Nothing was seen by anyone, so all five us climbed back into our vehicle, my husband driving, and started heading towards town. As we were driving, I looked out of my window.  I shouted to everyone to look out and we saw an amazing sight. What was out the window was some kind of bell shaped craft landing.  It was glowing, and on the bottom were all kinds of colored lights.  I yelled at my husband to stop the Suburban, and we all scrambled out to see this awesome sight. It was very large, and took about 10 minutes to land.  My daughter screamed out, look over there!, and to our surprise, a second craft was taking off from the same area the first one was landing.  My heart was pounding.  I had waited my whole life to witness this phenomena, my lifelong dream coming true.  I was elated. After it was all over, we went on home.  The conversation in the truck was one of excitement all the way home, not stopping until we all went to bed. The next day, my husband wanted to go for another drive to the same place.  This time it was my husband, myself, our two daughter's, and three dog's.  I believe my sister was a little scared to go again, so she opted to stay at home. We arrived in the same area, and could not believe our eyes.  This time I brought a camera.  On the ground was a large, circular, UFO.  This craft was big and white, and very large. My husband was the first to spot it.  Slamming on the brakes he yelled out look over there!  My eyes were popping out of my head.  Another one, and this one on the ground.  It was completely different from the two of the previous night, but got my attention just the same. My husband pulled over, we all jumped out, and I took several pictures of this UFO. My camera was digital, so I went and had pictures made as soon as we got back home.  The next day, we decided to go again, and the UFO was still there, but had changed places. The drive on the next day also revealed something disturbing.  We had discovered three dead cows.  One in the desert, and two in a field.  These cows had been cut open with precision, all organs missing.  No blood could be found around them, either.  The birds and all other scavengers steered clear of these animals.  I also discovered a skunk in the same condition. I photographed all of these animals, but had my film camera that day, and still need to develop the film.  Someday I will, and will show these pictures as well as the landed UFO to those who are interested ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.7369;-108.0651
