Pulsating bright light trying to use Sirius as camouflage with green and blue orbs darting about. ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius??  Anon.  PD));2016-10-31 05:30:00;1.5 hours;Pulsating bright light trying to use Sirius as camouflage with green and blue orbs darting about at very high altitude Unidentified Pulsating Object Spotted over Delta County Colorado.   At 0530 on October 31, 2016, I took our dachshund outside for his morning constitutional.  We live on a farm, so I go out with him because of coyotes.  While waiting, a very distant speeding green orb caught my eye the same way a shooting star catches your attention, but you aren’t quick enough to see it.  It was in the South Western sky.  That caused me to notice a VERY bright star that looked unusual.  It seemed to be pulsating red, blue, and green.  It was VERY far away, but I watched it for about ten minutes to see if it was plane.  It stayed in exactly the same spot. I was very curious, so I went in to get the binoculars to study this phenomenon.  I watched it carefully, trying to think of scientific or man-made reasons behind what I was looking at.  Then, through the binoculars and with the naked eye, I could see the green orb near it.  Then, I saw a blue orb move around it.  I ran to get my son who is 17 and quite skilled with a telescope.  I continued observing the pulsating bright light which now seemed to incorporate the blue and green flashing pulses while my son was setting up the telescope.  The light was so bright it was illuminating the moisture in the atmosphere in its vicinity.  It was too bright for the telescope to see without a filter.  By the time we got the telescope figured out, there was too much light pollution from the sun to get a better look using the telescope.  I snapped a few photos, but it is so far away that they look jiggly.  One photo clearly shows a blue orb near the star-like object. I really think I saw a craft that was using a star as camouflage.  It was lined up with Sirius perfectly.  I watched it until 0700 and light out when I had to get ready for work.  It continued to pulsate with the addition of some red flashing.  My son and husband also saw the phenomenon with the naked eye and through the binoculars.  The only natural explanation I can think of was maybe I saw balls of plasma illuminated by Sirius as the blue and green were the same type of color as the Northern Lights.  I really do believe it was a craft though, trying to hide in the light and position of Sirius.  My son is convinced that it was outside of our atmosphere.  I think it was closer because of the clarity I could see the flashing colors through the binoculars. I know this sounds really strange, but please know that my husband and I are both college educated professionals who are also very conservative Christians. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know what the streaking green object was, but we suspect that the stationary object probably was a twinkling star, and possibly the star, Sirius.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.7369;-108.0651
