Sand-colored army tank hovering.;2012-06-30 15:00:00;5 seconds;Sand colored army tank hovering. Sand colored  army tank-shaped vehicle hovering near a stand of trees.   North, SC, has an Air Force base.  While traveling on 178, you never see any semblance of a base, not even a sign. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) The sighting happened in the summer of 2011 or 2012.  The leaves were still green.I was traveling east on 178 towards Orangeburg, SC,  I was in the vicinity of North, SC.  There is an Airforce auxiliary base close by.Up to this point I had NEVER seen anything unusual in this area.I cleared a stand of trees the area opened up (a field) it was green and there hovering was some sort of odd vehicle/transport.I couldn't have been more than 200 feet away.My truck is 73 feet long.I figured 3 tractor trailer lengths. It was about 3 feet off the ground. It reminded me of the transport vehicle in ALIENS # 2 the front end was shaped the exact same way. I was looking  at the front end . I could see the windshield.The transport was sand colored, and shaped like an army tank.It was off the ground, My 1st thought literally was I just sAw something I wasn't supposed to see.It was not sitting on legs like the ALIENS transport.It was hovering with the windshield looking towards the road. I did NOT see occupants.  Sorry I can't be more specific on the date. I don't believe this was a stolen army tank joy riding in the area.  The next week traveling the same direction at night (dark) I see a huge airplane traveling west on my passenger side.No lights.At the same time another huge plane crosses 178 in front of me traveling north.Again no lights.Just planes that appear blacker than the sky with no lights.I figured the airforce was having night maneuvers. I don't think this auxiliary base has a large amount of people on the base daily.It is used to practice night drops for airplanes out of Charleston SC. Thank yoU ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));33.6178;-81.059
