Dim white light went to a super white pulsed 3 blue luminated rings . after 30 seconds the lights retracted back tothe white light then;2013-08-13 23:00:00;7 minutes;Dim white light went to a super white pulsed 3 blue luminated rings . after 30 seconds the lights retracted back tothe white light then My backyard is like a planatorium in Cannon Beach, Oregon.  It's a clear night I was star gazing when my wife and I seen what appeared to be a star that went from dim to absolute bright white and then pulsed three times a huge blue luminated ring around the brute white light for about 30 second's and then the blue ring retracted back to the bright white light and then dined and set idle for about 4 minutes.  The light was so low it was just barley  visible when it relit to a medium bright white light and headed dew North at a blazing speed across our stary  night sky puff gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD));45.892;-123.9672
A large, extremely bright orange, glowing orb travelled north to south, paralleling the Oregon coastline.;2014-08-24 21:45:00;25 seconds;A large, extremely bright orange, glowing orb travelled north to south, paralleling the Oregon coastline. My wife and I observed a very large extremely bright orange, glowing orb that tracked north to south some distance off the ocean shore paralleling the coastline.  The surface of it looked like a molten liquid, except for a relatively faint difficult to see grey shape in the center.  This molten appearance reminded me of a NASA photo of the surface of the Sun except that, unlike the Sun, the edge of it was very sharply defined.  The bottom of it emitted a reddish color. It remained level at relatively low altitude for about 15 to 20 seconds and then pulled up at sharp angle and rose at a tremendous rate of climb it momentarily appeared to stop and then continued to climb rapidly.  The light was so bright that it illuminated very high thin cirriform clouds in the dark sky as it passed through their altitude.   It made no audible sound. This took place approximately ninety minutes after sunset. I hold a commercial pilot license and previously worked as a certified flight instructor.  I now work as a technical analyst in aerospace engineering.;45.892;-123.9672
