While coming out of Mo’s Restaurant  off of Hwy 101 at Cannon Beach, my wife and I decided to walk on the beach  near haystack rock as;2011-10-29 20:00:00;25 minutes;While coming out of Mo’s Restaurant  off of Hwy 101 at Cannon Beach, my wife and I decided to walk on the beach  near haystack rock as the tide was out.  We both looked out at the stars as the night sky was devoid of clouds.  A star caught our eye’s as it was pulsing red and white and I assumed it might be a planet and at first ignored it.   At the same time my wife and I both commented that we had just seen the star drop in the sky and start to dance around before returning to its original observed position.  The movement only last for a total of only 5 seconds.  I attempted to get a video with my cell phone camera and it would not focus out as far as I needed it to in order  capture the object on video.  I estimate the distance from where the object was over the ocean to where we were at between 10-15 miles. We continued to watch the object and it was making smaller movements now from left to right, south to north, on the horizon.  My wife asked if she could have the car keys as she was getting cold.  I continued to watch and then when I walked back to the car I looked at the horizon again to notice the object was gone. I got near the car and saw the object was back and this time the object was further to the right as to where we had first seen it and this time it had rotated on its axis and we could now see rotating lights at the cent of the object.  The lights on the axis were solid white and did not deviate from this color.  This lasted for about 10 seconds and the object rotated again and we could see the original pulsing lights only.   The object then moved back to the original position to where we had first seen it.  My wife asked if we could go and I said yes.  The experience last only 25 minutes and my wife and I were both sober and did not have anything alcoholic to drink at dinner.;45.892;-123.9672
