cylinder engines on hovering craft.;1997-06-15 23:00:00;dont know exactly, from w;cylinder engines on hovering craft. I was I believe 15 maybe 16 when this event took place in my life.  Me and 2 of my other friends was out on a over night fishing trip which we did often at my fathers place of residence.  We was cat fishing and talking about school things of that nature.  We had even made a camp fire.  We were all sitting together when we all noticed a red light moving towards us.  We thought it was a plane at first because my father lives by our local airport here in Mena AR.  The craft was moving torward the south.  It was at tree top level and and triangler but huge!  I will never forget it.  Flew right over us and we watched it in shock in aww.  The weird thing is I can't remember it flying to me but after it was over me and moving away.  I truely believe I have some lost time I cannot for.  I know I'm not crazy! Anyhow the object looked triangler but on the back of the craft there was 5 cylinders I believe was the engines. It made no sound!  But you could actually see a whitish ligh! t glowing out of theses 5 cylinders. With a red light at tip pulsing .  I still picture it perfect in my mind to this day.  My 2 other friends would never talk about it at the time.  They might now its been a few years.  I have this feeling I can't shake, that they had had a terriable experience .  so that's my story maybe you can help me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));34.5818;-94.2212
Large, hexagonal craft accompanied by a much smaller craft tailing it.;2016-10-02 00:30:00;25 minutes;Large, hexagonal craft accompanied by a much smaller craft tailing it. On my deck in Mena, AR, at midnight, myself, my fiancee, and two of my friends saw a hexagonal shape with purple, green, and red flashing lights at about 3 second intervals.  There was what appeared to be a much smaller craft tailing the large one. The larger craft moved in diagonal and sideways directions for the better part of about 25 to 30 minutes, all four of us watching the entire time.   Finally, it appeared to shoot off in another direction, faster than any other craft I've ever seen in my life, and it was followed by the smaller craft, going just as fast as the larger one.;34.5818;-94.2212
