The object was of un known orgin;2003-07-30 02:41:00;20min;The object was of un known orgin The craft was triangler in comparision it hovered over my feild for about 20min glowing red. I walked closer and noticed that it was longer and wider than i expected. The object also had 6 cylinder objects near its tail that were glowing orange. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness describes self as having considerable experience with aircraft.  PD));34.5818;-94.2212
Near Mena, Arkansas, dark triangular object in night sky with 3 lights;2018-02-08 20:30:00;30 minutes;Near Mena, Arkansas, dark triangular object in night sky with 3 lights I was driving on Polk Road 74, near Mena, Arkansas, at the Ouachita River Bridge about 8:30 pm, on February 8, 2018, when I sited a large triangular object in the night sky at about 1000 feet with 3 yellow lights at each point, about 100 feet wide and 150 feet long.  I could not detect a color except it was black.   At first, I just noticed a bright yellow colored light that I had never seen before in the sky.  I thought the object was a large triangular aircraft, or maybe 3 planes flying in formation, but then I noticed that all 3 lights stayed together when the object moved, and that's when I started to think it was a UFO.  All I could see was 3 yellow bright lights formed as the points of a triangle.  I did not see a craft, but it was the 3 lights that appeared to be on the points of a black object.   The object moved extremely fast, best way to describe it is when you're following an airplane, and it disappears behind a cloud, you expect to see the airplane again at an expected location when it reappears from behind a cloud, but this object did not act that way.  The object seemed to move more side to side instead of a straight line.   I saw it appear 3 times.  It appeared, then disappeared, and unlike the airplane, it reappeared where I did not expect to see it. It was like it was moving in 2 directions at once.  It was flying more of a southwesterly direction from my location.  I felt a state of awe.   I was driving and tried to follow it.  The object seemed to be heading in a southerly direction toward a small community called Board Camp or Nunley where there have been other recent sightings.  I called a friend, who lives there to see if he could see the object.  He told me later that he did and would report it.  The object just disappeared while I was trying to keep up with it during driving.  I drove 5 to 7 miles trying to follow it before I lost sight of it.   My background is I work for the state highway department.  I am a volunteer trained firefighter and EMT.;34.5818;-94.2212
Near Mena, AR, triangular shape object blocking starlight;2018-02-08 20:35:00;5 seconds;Near Mena, Arkansas, triangular shape object blocking starlight. On the night of February 8, 2018, I was with a group of 3 other people outdoors on the grounds of the Board Camp Crystal Mine in the community of Board Camp, near Mena, Arkansas.  The group and I were investigating anomalies that have been occurring regularly at the site for nearly one year.  This is the same site investigated by MUFON nearly one year ago, and featured in the October 2017 issue of the MUFON Journal.  One person in the group was training us on how to use specialty equipment in our investigation, such as a night vision scope and radiation detection device.   At approximately 8:30 pm, I received a cell phone call from a friend who said, “Quick, run outside.  We are following a triangular ship from Ink and it’s heading your way.”  The community of Ink is located north of where I was located in the community of Board Camp, so we expected to see the object coming toward us from the north.  Although I could not see the actual object itself,  I could see the ! effect of the object as it approached and flew over.   The night sky was clear and full of stars, so I could see that a portion of the sky and stars was blacked out as it flew over.  It did not fly directly over my head but was more east of me.  I did not see any lights on the object, only the black out and reappearance of the stars as it flew over.   From the first time I began seeing the stars black out and reappear, the flyover lasted approximately 4-6 seconds and the object was approximately 1000 feet in elevation.  The group I was with had heard dogs and coyotes barking earlier, but all sound stopped during the flyover.  It was very quiet.  I saw it pass over and the estimated size was probably 150-200 feet long.  I was facing east and it was moving south.  After it passed over, I caught the quick glimpse of stars blinking out and coming back to my right, which led me to believe the anomaly changed course from south to a southwest direction.  After I received the phone call from my friend who first saw the anomaly in Ink, the people in my group and I were excited and immediately started scanning the skies.  I also quickly texted another friend of mine who lives between Ink and Board Camp and told him to go outside to watch. Before the flyover, I had a radiation detection device in my pocket.  It was set to the highest setting and was picking up normal background radiation indicated by an occasional beep sound emitted from the device.  I noticed the flyover approximately 5 minutes after my friend called to notify me to look for it.  During the flyover, the radiation detector in my pocket went off making a constant beeping noise, and the other 3 people in my group heard it, and were amazed and said, ”It must right overhead!  After about 6 seconds, the detector went back to normal.  After the object flew over, it disappeared past the horizon.   Immediately after the flyover at approximately 8:40 pm, I called my wife who was inside the house on the same property, and told her to call a friend of ours who lives southwes! t of us around the Cove and Hatfield communities located south of the city of Mena, to see if she could see it, after we determined it was possibly heading in her direction.  Later, when my wife and I talked to our 2 friends who we had notified to watch, both confirmed they saw something in the night sky, either the blacking out and reappearing of stars, or they saw 3 yellow lights.   My background is I am a US Army veteran, formerly worked as an investigator for the Department of Homeland Security, am a volunteer trained firefighter and certified instructor for Dept. of Labor.  Due to the fact, the 3 other witnesses and I were looking in different directions for the object, the 3 witnesses did not see the object in the sky, but they did hear the radiation detector going from a standard beep sound, to a continuous fast beep during the flyover.  They were amazed at the effect.  I believe they would be willing to be a witness to the event, but at the time of reporting, I do not have their specific permission to state their names.;34.5818;-94.2212
Amorphous triangle in Arkansas sky;2019-12-10 17:30:00;Till morning;Amorphous triangle in Arkansas sky Driving home from hot springs to Mena this thing was low in the atmosphere it seemed.  The moon was mostly full and very bright.  It seemed to be like a triangle shape but would change as would the colors. There was a smaller dot barely visible then became visible. It never moved just seemed to pulsate. Not the first I've seen in this area a few weeks back was a white light that drifted over the mountains skimming along very white and large no other lights on it. Unknown could it be a low satellite? I don't know but took a pic anyway. Sun was mostly set when I saw it.;34.5818;-94.2212
