Observed triangle shaped craft moving at high velocity from East to West, then make an almost 90 degree turn to the north.;2003-09-26 01:44:00;5-7 seconds;Observed triangle shaped craft moving at high velocity from East to West, then make an almost 90 degree turn to the north. On 09/26/03 at aproximately 01:44 hours two colleges and I observed what appeared to be a triangle shaped craft moving at a high rate of speed from East to West. The craft passed almost directly overhead and then made what I would describe as an almost 90 degree turn to the North, and continued on until out of site. The estimated duration from when I first saw the light to when the craft disappeared from view as it headed North was aproximately 5-7 seconds.  The craft appeared to be dark gray in color, and had what appeared to be a single amber colored beacon light underneath. During the sighting there was absolutely no sound heard by me or the other two witnesses.  I wasn't able to determine the craft's shape until it passed almost directly overhead. As far as size comparison, The rough estimate of the craft as viewed from the ground could be compared to a quarter held at arm's length against the night sky.  My immediate impression regarding the craft was that it seemed to fly effortlessly through the sky, like an arrow. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he sounded to us to be quite credible and reliable.  We have invited him to have the other two witnesses submit reports, as well.  PD));44.1988;-123.23
Hovering Aircraft Scanning Fields on Pitney LN, Junction City, OR;2019-01-18 17:30:00;2 minute;Hovering Aircraft Scanning Fields on Pitney LN, Junction City, OR I was driving home from my barn on Greenhill Rd.  I could see the aircraft and it had a bright yellow light.  As I drove from Vogt to Hwy 36 the light got brighter.  As I turned down Pitney I could see this object hovering in one place.  About 1/3 of the way down Pitney Ln, I stopped.  This thing was definitely hovering and I could see the underside perfectly.  It was in the shape of a triangle and resembled a jet.  On the long sides of the triangle were a row of  repeating order red, green, and white lights.  It was higher than the light and power poles but not quite as high up at a large plane.  It was poring down rain and I could see every detail on the bottom of the aircraft.  There was also had a light on the bottom of the nose scanning the fields to the left of me and behind me (I was headed to my house by Junction City High School.)  I stopped just for a minute trying to figure out what it was.  I’m used to jets flying around us but this was silent, stayed put, and was scanning the fields.  I’ve never seen a jet do that.  I was cold so continued my drive and it was still there when I turned back.  I probably seen it for a total of 5 minutes (from my barn until I turned down High Pass.);44.1988;-123.23
