Silent craft crosses highway, then follows us unknowingly.;1996-08-01 21:00:00;00:10;Silent craft crosses highway, then follows us unknowingly. Dark out. Driving along a country road in a feild that runs parrallel to the ocean, shoreline which is about 100 yards to our left. It was clear out. I noticed out over Frenchman's Bay a copper colored glowing dot, just above the water,about a mile away. Then the dot was moving, appeared to be flying like a plane tward the shore, and us. It had blinking colored lights, green, blue, but still copper orange like flames surrounding. I pulled the jeep over and said  Is that a plane on fire? to the two girls that were with me. Then the 'dot' turned bright white reflecting a path of light on the water tward shore. The moon was out and was reflecting on the water as well, though it was candle yellow and very dim compared to this thing. I then thought it was spotlights from a helicopter, because the object was moving to slowly to be a plane. It had reached the shore, at the most 150 yards away from us, about 75 feet off the ground. I shut the jeep off and unrolled my window to listen, expecting to hear the sound of a helicopter. The girls got nervous exclaiming, What are you doing?! The object was silent aproching from the left, up a treeline forming the edge of the feild, close to the tree tops. We sat silent as the object crossed the road directly in front of us, just above the powerlines. It was close enough that I had to lean forward and look up in my seat to see it. It was bright white like oncomming car headlights, as it crossed and went out of sight in the trees to our right. We didn't really say much, we were just bewilderd. I started the jeep and we drove about two miles up the road to drop one of the girls off at her house. The house was directly beside the road. As she was getting out of the car she said  Youguys, get out and look at this. The object we had just seen cross the road was right above, and behind us so we couldn't see it while driving. It was as close to the trees as it could be. We stood in the road, as it aproached, then was directly above, going very slow. I could have hit it throwing a rock. Bright white from the front, underside, and rear. I may have been able to see up through the center of the craft, as though it were a doughnut shape, but I'm not shure. The object appeared to have geometric framing, or narrow beams connecting in weird patterns around the perimeter. I walked with it 100 feet down the road, looking back at the girls, which shone no light on them. I was still nearly under the thing holding out my bare arm showing no light, yet it was so bright that when you looked at it, it was shrouded in light. The craft went down the road above me making no noise. I was holding my breath, and turning my head to listen, and I might have heard the slight wirring of machinery, or hum of electricity. But it was to insignifigant to say. The craft went down the road 100 yards and turned back tward the water. We ran out front of the girl's house to see out over the water, though we did not see the Craft.;44.5547999999999;-68.4120999999997
