Pair of linked triangles with light columns extending straight downward a precise distance not drifting or bobbing;2016-10-03 18:00:00;1 minute;Pair of linked triangles with light columns extending straight downward a precise distance not drifting or bobbing [I am summarizing this report as told to me by eyewitness more details, possible corrections, and an image file can be sent within a few days.]  At approx. six p.m., October 3, in Ellsworth, Maine, the witness was standing outside near a store and happened to glance upward.  There, in the light of the setting sun which had just gone down below the horizon, the witness saw an object at approximately the height of a light cumulus cloud layer.  These were not high altitude clouds and only partially covered the sky. The object was brightly shining in the sunlight remaining at that higher altitude, looked like two light colored triangles aligned to each other and pointing vertically upward (further description may be added later with drawing if possible).  The object was very steady and did not waver or bob about it was as steady as a rock, seemed to be firmly controlled.  No noise was heard from the object. The witness said the object was emitting two light beams or columns of light extending downward from the object a few times its length.  It looked as though these two beams or columns of light were propelling the object upward. The light beams were not flames but more like pillars of light, very geometrical and shaped like cylinders, extended downward as stated, but did not trail off but rather seemed to have a strictly limited beam length. The object began moving upward slowly then after a few seconds the object seemed to either accelerate rapidly upward in that direction or simply disappeared. It was not covered by clouds but seemed to either zoom out of sight with incredible speed or wink out.  This description is written secondhand and will be corrected later if need be.  Will try to get a drawing and indication of apparent size, altitude etc.  The object was not moving horizontally but only moved upward, it did not drift in the air.  The object was sighted almost directly over the witness's head.  Not at the level of high cirrus but rather at the lowest extent of moderate altitude cumulus clouds. Witness, mid sixties in age, wanted to get another witness but the other person was busy so just observed as closely as possible.  No camera was available at the time.  Witness has excellent distance vision and says will create a small drawing with colors such as pastel etc. which will be provided by photo scan via email at a later time.  Witness is in excellent health, with excellent eyesight, does not require distance correction, and is not under any medication, nor does the witness use any alcohol or other drugs is a nonsmoker.  Witness enjoys skywatching occasionally.  Witness knows the planets and Moon phases/appearances well and said this was nothing like anything ever seen before.;44.5547999999999;-68.4120999999997
Last night, on the night of December 13, 2017 at about 10:50pm I saw an unidentified flying object. I was sitting on my couch when I ha;2017-12-13 22:50:00;~10 minutes;Last night, on the night of December 13, 2017, at about 10:50pm, I saw an unidentified flying object.  I was sitting on my couch when I happen to glance out my window.  I see a triangular craft just above the trees closest to my apartment.  It had 3 red lights and a blue light in the middle.  It also made a loud noise, which I heard for a few minutes after I couldn’t see it anymore.  It must have flew above my apartment, but it was so close, I thought it would hit our building. I was honestly pretty freaked and  didn’t want to be a lone so I crawled into bed where my sleeping husband was.  I was too scared to go to sleep, so I check Facebook.  The first post I saw was a friend posting about a meteor shower in my area.  I think well maybe it was a meteor I saw. Then I get up to my bedroom window and look for meteors and I do see about 5 falling meteors.  That’s when I see the second unidentified flying object, or maybe the same one.  This time I couldn’t see a shape, I saw a red light and a blue light almost on top of each other, and I didn’t hear a noise.  It looked smaller and was flying a distance a way.  It looked like It was flying through the middle of the tree line.  It stayed in a straight line for a few minutes then disappeared.  It was now about 11:00 pm, so the whole experience lasted around 10 minutes. The last thing I would like to mention, is when my husband and I woke up this morning, December 14, 2017, I mentioned to him what I saw.  He told me he remembers hearing a loud noise and figured it was a plane, and went back to sleep;44.5547999999999;-68.4120999999997
