Light dims to show disk along Appalachian in Pa;2013-05-31 19:00:00;20 minutes;Light dims to show disk along Appalachian in Pa Me and several others have seen UFOs in our area over the last few years. We live along the Appalachian in PA near the Susquehanna river.  We are about 30 minutes away from the closest airport, so we do have some air traffic.  We are completely aware of what planes look like and do not mistake them as the UFOs.  Most of the time the UFOs seem to be an orange ball of light that we seem to notice around dusk just before the sun sets. Sometimes there are 3 of them that seem to just hover but then dissipate one at a time until they just completely vanish.  They always seem to be close to the river. We also do a lot of star gazing and we can see satellites with our naked eye but a few times we would spot them and then all of a sudden the pin of light would grow into a big ball of light for just a few seconds before returning back to its original size.  It almost seemed as if it was beaming light towards us because it changed its appearance only when it was directly ab! ove us! The most bizarre sighting was a couple weeks ago.  The sun was setting and I just happened to be looking east when from a distance I saw this light slowly rise from the trees between two mountains, which seemed to be close to the river.  I stared for at least 10 minutes as it hovered there with no movement or sound before I called for my husband and his friend over to see what I was seeing!  After 5 more minutes of no movement it finally started to move towards the mountain, it rose as if it was outlining it until it reached the top.  Then we all heard & saw a helicopter coming from the west. The light then dissipated and in place of the light seemed to be a white disk! We couldn't believe what we were looking at! The disk then shot off into the sky as the helicopter came closer! We can't come up with a good explanation for any of these sightings? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));40.4072;-77.045
