Bright light, watched for an hour, watched it speed up and go east and stop over field by Ponoka, AB and then disappear.;2013-11-11 17:00:00;>1 hour;Bright light, watched for an hour, watched it speed up and go east and stop over field by Ponoka, AB and then disappear. Driving from Edmonton to Ponoka AB, Highway 2 south, I noticed a bright light looking like a very bright star. It was in front of me to my left in the sky and maintained that position in front of me up until about 16 km out of Ponoka.  I noticed it looked like it was slightly moving closer and farther during the drive, and was trying to figure out what it was. About 16 km out of ponoka, it had moved closer to the ground, brighter and to my very right side looking out of the passenger window.  I was going to take the Rimby exit to follow it to my right but when I got to the Turn off,  It was straight ahead of me and seemed less bright, like farther away.  I took my Ponoka exit (headed east) and I could see it behind me in my back window.  Right before I made it into town I saw it Speed up an d pass my two passenger door windows and back to my windshield and off to my right.  I passed the stampede grounds and pulled over close to the arena and got out of my car to take a picture of it. It was still bright but lower to the ground. I had to leave to get my dog from the sitters, got back in my car to go find it but it was gone.;52.6762;-113.5736
Almost every night since October there has been a bright light following me at night.;2020-06-02 11:00:00;6 hours;Almost every night since October there has been a bright light following me at night. Some nights it will meet up with a smaller light. As many as three have been seen. I thought I was crazy so started pointing it out to people riding with me and now they all have witnessed it. It will follow me from west of Ponoka to Alex, to Red Deer and wait while I’m visiting my friends, it has even followed me to Saskatchewan.  It sits outside my work and follows me home. We thought drone but there is no noise, it travels as fast or as slow as I am going. What is this. It’s creepy!;52.6762;-113.5736
