I knew the second I saw it , it was a UFO;1989-08-15 21:00:00;20 minutes;I knew the second I saw it , it was a UFO This event occurred years ago.  I should have reported it then but did not know to whom or where to report it.  It all started because of our dog.  He was a collie cross,regular farm dog.  As it was summer he was sleeping outside the farm house.  It was getting dark and I was watching TV.   Suddenly the dog started to scream.  I'd never heard the sound of anything so terrified. It was not a bark but a scream.  I ran to the door, not knowing what to expect.  Surprised, I saw nothing, the yard was quit and there was nothing in sight.  However as I looked to the sky to the East I did see a red light low in the sky.  It was only there for seconds then gone.  I returned to the house but felt uneasy so I decided to take a drive to the East where I had seen the red light.  If nothing else for curiosity. I headed East out of our yard towards where I saw the light.  Less than a mile from our house in a clearing past a lot of trees there it was.  I knew instantly I was looking at a UFO.  It was huge, rectangular, much longer than it was wide and it had dark red bright lights around the bottom.  The lights were either really close together or one strip. The top reminded me of a VW Bug.  It was hovering not far off the ground.  I don't recall feeling frightened just awed at what I was seeing. Suddenly just as it had been there it all went dark as if they knew I was watching them.  I decided to drive farther East .  I drove a short distance then stopped and got out of my truck. Suddenly I could see the lights again, it was stationary for at least a minute if not more . Then off the lights went again but within seconds I could see the lights again about a mile farther East. Suddenly it took off at a 90% angle.  it moved so fast there was a red streak of light from earth into the heavens. A UfO had come right over my house, oh how I wish I could have seen what my dog had seen.  That sophisticated ship was built somewhere with high intelligence and high technology.  I was just a simple farmer living a simple life but will never forget my experience that night and am glad I finally decided to share it. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));52.6762;-113.5736
