Saw a bright yellow light in the lower WNW sky last night for over 2 hours.;2015-05-18 23:20:00;2 hours 10 minutes;Saw a bright yellow light in the lower WNW sky last night for over 2 hours. Hello. 	I am going to say, I don’t know what the heck I saw……… Last night, at about 2320 hr MDT on May 18, 2015.  I happened to look out of my living room window.  The windows on that side of my home face directly West.  I was looking out my patio door windows, so I can look over a pretty large angle of view.  So, I have been watching the planet.  Saturn (I think it is), it has been VERY bright in the sky directly West of my home, at that time of the night.  I have been watching the sky for years and know what the difference looks like between a star and a planet.  I have also seen the ISS fly over at least 4 times, and have seen satellites passing overhead many times.  What I saw was none of those.   What I saw was a very bright YELLOW light.  It appeared to be the colour of a flame or perhaps incandescent light. It appeared in the sky about 30 degrees from due West towards the North.  It was about 20 degrees up from the horizon, like I wrote above I first noted it at about 2320 hrs MDT.  I used my binoculars in an effort to gain a somew! hat better view, but they did not seem to help very much.  This “thing” seemed to be oblong in shape and the bottom of it seemed to be kind of waving. Almost as if the bottom had a flame.  The thing had no blinking or flashing lights or anything like that, that I could see.  I live in a small town and I am sure anyway that it was too far away to have been able to hear any sounds.  I could not make out any real defined shape. Whatever is was finally disappeared over the Western horizon at about 0130 hrs May 19, 2015.  During the time I watched it, it appeared to move down but also slightly more to the West   *Note:  Because my town’s Downtown, is mostly West of my home,  it has the effect of raising the horizon a little higher, thus  if  the buildings were not there, it might have been visible a bit longer.  Either way this thing moved faster than the “stars or planets” in the regular night sky, but way too slow to have been a helicopter, or an airplane, or the ISS or such. ! Hopefully, I am not the only person who saw this thing in the! sky las t night.;52.6762;-113.5736
Some additional info for my report of May 19, 2015 observation by Ponoka, AB. Canada  NOT Venus.;2015-05-18 23:20:00;2 hours 10 minutes;Some additional info for my report of May 19, 2015 observation by Ponoka, AB. Canada  NOT Venus. I filed a report yesterday, and I spoke briefly with Peter this afternoon.  At his request, I am adding to my 1st report with some additional information.  Yesterday during the daytime, I spoke with a person from the Rothney Observatory, located near Calgary, Alberta.  She checked her star maps and suggested that what I may have seen was the planet, Venus. However, I stayed up during the same time frame this past night and indeed Venus was visible in the sky BUT it was located quite a bit further South (in the Western sky), from where I saw the object the night before.  Both nights, the sky was completely clear, and Venus although showing a yellowish colour, was not near as bright either.  And again not in the same part of the sky.  I hope that this is of some use to you.;52.6762;-113.5736
