orange orb in sky moved through sky stopped directly above and shot into space;2010-06-06 01:35:00;45 min;orange orb in sky moved through sky stopped directly above and shot into space  My family and a friend went camping not long after 4th of july to our cabin in pennsylvania.  The sky night is beautiful there and we often go out in our field and checkout the night sky.  My mother little sister maddie my brother dino and my friend tommy were all sitting out on lounge chairs talking and trying to find constellations in the sky.  It was about 11:35 and I noticed a whit sphere shoot out and dissappear from  what looked like the brightest star in the sky that night.  I tried pointing it out but they had all missed it but we countinued to watch the orange looking star after a bit they we stopped watching because nothing more happened.  About half an hour later when I looked at the star it appeared to be getting bigger and soon we could see it moving away from the tree line and picking up speed.  At first I pointed it out but not everyone could tell if it was moving or not but it started moving a bit faster and soon had moved a large distace over the sky and finally fell directly above us and just sat there in the sky.  It sat directly above us for about ten minutes until it stared to kind of shimmer a bit aof red beneath it and then accelerate almost straight up and turning solid red.  It did not stop util we could no longer see it at all.  We all without a doubt knew this was not a natural  as it only took about a full minute and a half to make it from the treeline untill directly above us and the just stop from such a fast pace and sit there not moving directly above.  I can tell airplanes and satelight immediately and watch the night sky quite often and it was a cloudless night.  Anyways after seeing it leave we headed back to the cabin to tell my dad and other sister and when we got there had realized three hours had gone by and did not remember being there that long and my mom was a bit mad because we had to wake up early.  I had my phone wen we where out there and she didn’t want to be up that late but I seemed to be the only one who really noticed the time loss and found it weird.;41.2023;-79.7505
