Extremely high, hovering object blinking various colors with red light on top seen from San Pablo.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius??  PD));2010-01-04 19:00:00;4 hours;Extremely high, hovering object blinking various colors with red light on top seen from San Pablo When my boyfriend and I arrived at our friend's house yesterday, he immediately told us he wanted to know he was not crazy and showed us what he had been looking at for some time. He pointed to something that was very distant like a star, quickly flashing red/blue/green/white or yellow. The object was extremely bright, and we could tell it was emitting a great amount of light because it had a sort of glow. It was so far up that I thought it was a star “twinkling” from disturbances in our atmosphere until I noticed the red light was at the very top blinking slightly slower than the other colors which were quickly flashing. I thought it was almost pyramid or disk shaped, but it was so far that the lights almost appeared as one.  He then proceeded to tell us it could not be a plane because it had been in the same position for 35 minutes.  My friend also asked us if it could be a satellite, but it had no constant or regular movement pattern thus we concluded it wa! s not. We continued to stare at it and, using a street lamp as reference, I noticed it move slightly left. This movement was very minute. If there were another star directly to the left of it with almost no space between, that would be where the craft had moved. My boyfriend and friend were not paying attention when this happened and they did not believe me.  We then noticed that it became very dim, and began thinking it was an airplane all along, but soon enough, the lights grew bright extremely bright then went to the same brightness it was from the beginning.  A few minutes later, using the street lamp to see if any movement had occurred while we were talking, my boyfriend showed us the object was now directly above the lamp and moving to the right of it.  Another friend who lived in the house came out and we showed him.  He said he thought it was a helicopter.  We argued it wasn’t because it was so high in the sky and had barely moved. During the time staring at it, we saw a helicopter and a plane pass over the sky.  They were much lowe! r.  As mo re friends came over throughout the night, we showed them, and none of them had an explanation.  The object appeared to be over Concord. Our ages range from 19 to 25, three of us have taken astronomy classes and have experience with observing the night sky.;37.9760000000001;-122.3359
