Egg shaped object flying over head.;2012-07-04 22:33:00;1 minute;Egg shaped object flying over head Wednesday, July 4th, 2012 As my family and I arrived home we started to see huge flashes in the distance, lightening most likely. But there was something in the sky that caught my son’s eyes.  My wife and kids, son and daughter, were observing the object and while they couldn’t quite get a handle on what it was, I decided to look.  There was a bright red light moving in our direction, almost like a helicopter light searching the ground.  At first I thought that is what it was, looking for people lighting off fireworks during a ban.  Having a fire 50 miles away, a change in the wind had pushed smoke into our area and I thought the light was tinted because of this.  However, it was when it got over us that I dismissed that conclusion.  As I waited for the normal sound of aircraft flying overhead, I kept my eyes on the craft.  No noise could be heard as this object zoomed through the sky above us.  Following the object the whole time, I started to see a basic shape of the object.  When I finally nailed ! down the shape, the shape of an egg, the object started to shimmer in the sky.  Going back to the helicopter theory, I thought if that was a propeller, there would be a reflection off the bottom of the blades, and a sort of flicker.  There was no flicker this was more like the moons reflection in a lake with a gentle wave in the water.  It stayed like this for about a few seconds and then disappeared.  During all this time, for the rate of speed this object was moving through the sky, there was not one sound in the sky.  No rumble of an engine, no swooping of a craft cutting through the air just silence.   This object was void of all normal crafts lighting. No red light on the undercarriage of the craft, no lights around the rudder, no flashing lights around the wings.  Just the single red light at the front of the object, a silhouette, and a shimmering light as it traveled southward. Objects path Single object Over Fort Collins, CO 80521  Moved from North to South to Southeast  Traveled at a high rate of speed Sky conditions Smoke from fires No smoke or trails left my object No noise No other craft visible Stars were visible as well as thunderhead  I was wearing my glasses.  My family saw the same thing as I.   We had no distractions, no illnesses, no medications, no alcohol or drugs, no obstructions, and a clean view of the object other than it was dark.;40.5540797142859;-105.064242857143
