it was just a light, it looked like a star but it was way too bright to be a star;1999-06-15 20:00:00;about 10-15mins;it was just a light, it looked like a star but it was way too bright to be a star Alright...Firstly i want to say that i am somewhat a beleiver in UFO's, however my friends are anything but...to this day they still dont think it was a UFO...i think other wise... Well...i will tell you what we saw, and i'll let you decide...We were all sitting on my porch at my house at dusk, enjoying the early evening, when I noticed a large light in the sky.  It was far away because when i asked my friends, What ((deleted)) is that?, they automatically dismissed it as the north star. (however it was MUCH brighter then the north star) But when i show them that the north star was left of the object they started to get interested.  then they said that it was an inbound plane, but the object hasent moved in 10 minutes.  Now here is where it gets wierd...as we were start to focus all of our attention on the light, it casually started to moved to the right at a very slow speed.  The light didnt move to far until it started to shrink...while it was moving...and the light kept shrinking until it literally vanished...and thats it...nothing ever since, or anything more that night;40.9864;-74.1112
white star-like light moving across the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS??  PD));2006-07-11 19:11:00;2-3 minutes;white star-like light moving across the sky. It looked like a star, white and bright, in the sky. It was moving across the sky so I thought it was an airplaine because the speed it was going was about airplane speed or a little faster, but I kept watching and it had no blinking lights,just a tiny white light moving in the sky.  Since it was night I wasn't able to tell anything else about it. ((NUFORC Note:  We are uncertain of the date of the sighting.  It may be July 11, but the witness does not specify precisely.  It may have been a sighting of the International Space Station.  PD));40.9864;-74.1112
