A bright object was seen from a far distance. It gave off a bright white light, sometimes turning gold, the it would turn red and green;1994-10-15 18:00:00;3 hours;A bright object was seen from a far distance. It gave off a bright white light, sometimes turning gold, the it would turn red and green. The object would me still, then begin to vibrate and then go into orbital like movement. My mother and I watched this object for three hours it came from the north and remained on the western horizon for approximately three hours. I first noticed it because of the bright white light it gave off and seemed to get bigger. After a while it seemed to get small, and began to give off red, green and white light. Sometimes all at once or just red or white. The object would remain still and then begin to vibrate very rapidly. Sometimes it would just stop vibrating or it would go into parabolic type orbits. (small range orbitals.). Sometimes it would move in a linear fashion when vibrating. It would then stop all movement and remain still. Then movement would start up again. The object seemed to remain at the same level off of the horizon, but moving south over the time we watched it. We reported this to the NY State Police (Name deleted) at the time we were observing it. The next day I reported it to the Cornell Astronomy Dept. (I was an Cornell employee and student at the time). The irony of this event is that a few weeks before witnessing this event, this same time of UFO sighting was broadcast on Unsolved Mysteries. The show also featured video tapes. These sightings occured that same year most of which happened down south. I think the show focused on the crafts that were sighted in one of the southern states. I could be wrong about the year, it could have been 1993 that we saw this, but you can verify the year by contacting the TV show Unsolved Mysteries or your own archives have probably cataloged those same sightings. I am sure this happened in fall, a few weeks after that particular show was run.  The following night both my parents and I observed the same object in the same area. I know this is outdated material but it may help.;42.4444195298375;-76.4925479204328
unexplained light;2002-06-07 23:00:00;several hours;unexplained light During the summer is usually the time I see a majority of these lights, what caught my attention was the off shade they were compared to like the space station planets stars ect. One night I decided to pull over for a break when i spotted one of these unusal lights, thats when i noticed the movement of them. To give an idea of where they are in the sky i'd say between 45 and 60 degrees up, and the lights will sway left right a few times and up and go real low. My first thought after watching this the first night was a helicopter and i pushed it to the back of my mind.  The next night i saw again this light, again noticing it because of the off color it was and when i stopped to watched it did the normal up down and side to side then in shot off stright up and was gone into the night sky. Of course after this it had my full attention and I brought it to the attention of my running partner after this. It was the following night and again I saw the light and stopped this night having feild glasses with me. I looked and couldn't get a good focus nor could he but, we both could see the strobing lights of blues yellow a purple ect. Neither of us had the time to stay and watch but both could see the bouncing around of the light.  This has to date still continued and not every night maybe one a week if not twice i at one point or another will notice this light. One night i stopped along one of the back roads i take and watched this light bounce up and down like a ekg read out, that night flipped me out i then knew for a fact that i was watching something i couldn't explain. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.4444195298375;-76.4925479204328
Light seen in night sky at a camp fire in itaca, ny;2003-07-05 00:34:00;10 minutes;Light seen in night sky at a camp fire in itaca, ny We were along a large lake with a camp fire. The sky had many stars, and we looked up, we noticed a bright light moving very fast, and it suddenly changed position rapidly. Finally, it disappeared.;42.4444195298375;-76.4925479204328
Bright round light, getting smaller then larger, sometimes with a red light within it;2005-12-03 18:00:00;1.5 hours;Bright round light, getting smaller then larger, sometimes with a red light within it We were driving north on route 81 towards Whitney Point and stopped to get gas and noticed an unusually bright white light low in the horizon.  It seemed to get brighter and bigger and then fade to smaller, this occured a few times.  The sky was clear that evening. We proceeded to drive to Ithaca and watched the light and while coming out of Richford, on route 79, we pulled over twice to watch the light.  It appeared to move slightly at times and sometimes a red light was noticed to be within the white light, near to the bottom. A couple other cars had pulled over periodically to look at the light.  We watched it until we got to Ithaca and it was odd that it moved higher in the horizon and then lower.  The last time I saw this was around 1900 and it was then very low on the western hemisphere. ((NUFORC Note:  Given the long duration of the sighting, we wonder whether the object might have been a celestial body, a star or planet.  PD));42.4444195298375;-76.4925479204328
Star-like bright-white UFO over Ithaca, NY in June 2013.;2013-06-03 22:30:00;~5 minutes;Star-like bright-white UFO over Ithaca, NY in June 2013. I and two friends were camping at a location a few miles east northeast of Ithaca, NY.  We were walking across a small meadow to our camping area when we paused to look up at the stars as it was a clear night and had been cloudy and rainy of late.  We were discussing the relative visibility and general appearance of satellites versus planes – similarities and differences, when my friend pointed and said something to the effect of, “now WHAT is that?”  We all then watched a very bright light moving at a relatively slow speed, a speed which would not have seemed unreasonable for conventional aircraft.  And we were in fact near a small airport. Ithaca Tompkins Regional Airport was due northwest of our location about two miles.  However, several things about this light did not reconcile with what any of us could consider conventional.  As I said, we were near an airport and every night would see planes coming and going – most often travelling from east to west or west to east relative to our position. In fact there was at least one visible in another part of the sky at the time which gave us something to compare the object to. The strange light appeared above the trees due south of our position and it travelled in an arc that was mostly north and a little bit east when it eventually fell out of view against the treeline.  The first odd thing about it was the light. Rather than any blinking light or combination of red, green, yellowish, etc. it was bright white light. I would say it was about as bright as Jupiter when Jupiter is super bright. Maybe a little more intense than that. In other words, the object was brighter than any star in the sky but not enormous and blinding. It did not blink or quaver, but rather was continuously bright as it travelled. There were no other color lights as there often are on aircraft. Just one bright light, far brighter than any other aircraft.  Sound: the brightness of the light would have only seemed reasonable if the object were fairly close to us yet we heard no sound at all.  Flight path: as I said, the path was roughly south to north from an area that would have taken it over Fall Creek, Lower Creek Rd, and then northward disappearing from our vantage point as it headed toward Etna Rd. The speed, as I said, was not unusual, but the deviations from a straight line were peculiar. It followed the general path I just described but at times would “squiggle” for lack of a better word, in a way that would be wildly impossible for any conventional aircraft. I don’t know how to estimate the scale of these sudden, rapid movements. They were not large or all over the sky, but rather just as if the object were like a needle on a record or seismograph and it was bumped…it would squiggle off the path and then back on again. Another way to describe it would be to say that the object was capable of “jumping” from side to side and back again…not like floating and moving but just an occasional and erratic jump through space from one location to another (whether t! he space was covered represented 30 feet or 30 yards, I don’t know as I don’t know how far away the object was or how big) instantaneously. Each time it happened, one of the three of us would say to the others, “did you all just see that? Are we really seeing this?” So we were confirmed in knowing that we were not “imagining” what clearly was out of the ordinary. One of the witnesses was a Veteran who has spent time around all manner of aircraft, and he was quite sure he knew of nothing which could perform the “stunts” that we were seeing.  The path of travel that we could observe (which was limited due to the treeline surrounding the small meadow) probably took about 3 to 5 minutes. As it disappeared behind the trees we all debriefed and were pretty agreed that we had no logical explanation (despite the nearby small airport) for what we had seen. A few nights later (maybe 3 or 5 nights later?) two of the three of us were again in a slightly different spot at the campground, and we saw the same phenomena again. However the available viewable sky from our vantage point was very small so we could only track it for about 30 seconds, though it was very similar and travelling a similar north/northeastern trajectory.  Regarding animals: I am not suggesting a correlation, but for what its worth I heard coyotes howling and &quotcarrying on&quot that night (it was the first and only time in my four weeks that heard them) probably 20 minutes or so after the sighting.  I would note that two of the three of us were camped in that location for four weeks, as we were part of a wilderness skills program. So we were quite familiar and acclimated to the local sights and sounds, including the typical airport traffic and patterns.;42.4444195298375;-76.4925479204328
Saw a cluster of 5-6 lights, fading in and out, slowly moving within proximity to each other but also moving as a pack.;2016-11-05 21:45:00;30 minutes;Saw a cluster of 5-6 lights, fading in and out, slowly moving within proximity to each other but also moving as a pack. I am writing this on Thursday, November 10th, regarding a strange occurrence I witness Saturday, November 5th, between roughly 9:45 and 10:15 and again, briefly, on Sunday, November 11th. Last Saturday, my wife and I were getting ready to watch a movie.  As she normally does when we watch a movie, my wife began making popcorn.  I went outside to walk around.  This last summer I purchased a FitBit (pedometer) and I sometimes walk up and down our long driveway to meet my step count goal.  We live just outside the city, on the margins of town, so while we are not completely in the country we usually have a clear view, if it is not too cloudy, of the sky.   On this Saturday night, many of the constellations were out, it was so clear.  Pacing back and forth on my driveway, listening to a podcast on my phone, with my earbuds in, I was struck by a set of, what appeared to be, constellations roughly 30 degrees north east of our location.  This pattern of what I presumed to be stars were among the lowest and closest to Earth of all the stars in the sky. What struck me upon given these “stars” a  second look was that they were fading and reappearing with increments of maybe 3-5 second.  Had it only been one light doing this, I would have quickly assumed it was a satellite, but this appeared different because satellites are never clustered.  There were five, possibly six, of these lights, fading in and out of visibility, out of sync with one another.  There was no specific clear pattern or shape to them, although they were spread out from each other in what looked like a skewed pentagon (like a small child attempting to draw a pentagon).  One of the lights was somewhat more central to the others and the fading in and out appeared a second slower than the others, although it was hard to tell because, again, they were out of sync. Staring at this with some disbelief, I moved into the road for a clearer view.  There was a large tree in the distance which I was using to gage the location and movement of this cluster.  No movement was visible to the eye, but after about ten minutes I could see that this cluster had indeed moved northbound and lower toward the ground.  Using my phone, I called my wife inside the house and asked her to please come outside to look at something. When my wife walked outside the door, I flagged for her to come over toward the road.  I pointed to the cluster saying, “there is a cluster of what looks like stars over there”, while pointing vaguely toward their direction.  I stopped myself, however, realizing this might plant a seed in her mind of what I wanted her to see.  I wanted her view to be as objective as possible.  My wife is much more of a skeptic than myself.  She almost immediately noticed what it was I was talking about.  She, too, found it very curious and unusual.  Assuming there was probably an explanation, quickly getting cold (the temperature was in the lower-to-mid 30s), and hungry for popcorn, my wife, after a couple of minutes, went inside.  I stayed a few minutes longer, so that I could store in my memory what I was seeing. After watching the movie, which I had trouble focusing on at first, I popped back outside to see if I’d notice anything else unusual.  By this point, the sky had become so foggy that no stars or anything else were visible. I would have written this experience closer to the date it occurred, but having a 2-year-old, being a teacher, and on the cusp of an election, I had not found time to sit and write this until now. It is worth noting that the next night I did go out to observe.  I noticed one light, slightly stronger than any I’d seen the previous night similarly fading in and out.  On this night, unlike the night before, I was intoxicated and became anxious and panicked pretty quickly, so I only looked long enough (30-60 seconds) to confirm with myself what I was seeing, but otherwise went back inside rather abruptly.   I have always had a long interest in UFOs and stories of encounters, so I am very familiar with phenomenon stories, though, prior to this, had none of my own.  Knowing that I am prone to believe such events, it was important to me to get confirmation from my wife that the pattern I observed was both real and unusual.  She agreed.  Even this morning, when I told my wife I would document my experience, she again confirmed for me that this pattern was uncanny.  Additionally, several dogs in the neighborhood were barking or howling.  Also worth noting is that the pattern I witness was placed, more or less, over the vicinity of our local airport.;42.4444195298375;-76.4925479204328
