April 20 2009 Simi Circular craft Silver in color/with a teardrop shaped white underbelly seen near entrance to Chaco Canyon New Mexico;2009-04-20 11:00:00;8 seconds;April 20 2009 Simi Circular craft Silver in color/with a teardrop shaped white underbelly seen near entrance to Chaco Canyon New Mexico This is a report of a sighting I had on Monday April 20 2009. I was on a road trip from Oklahoma to California traveling on Interstate 40. On Sunday the 19th I left Oklahoma late in the afternoon and drove to somewhere within the borders of New Mexico that evening. Found a small motel checked in went to sleep. The next morning I woke up, gassed up, cleaned my windows and continued on toward my destination at approx. 7am. I was still on the far eastern side of NM and was had a long day of travel ahead of me so I found what I thought was the best coffee in town and hit the road. I had been on the road for probably three to four hours and was getting close to the western borders of New Mexico in fact, I was at mile marker 62 or 63, just enjoying the ride and the scenery when I happened to look toward the northwest. I noticed a bright object in the direction I was looking and focused my vision on it. At first I thought it might be a hot air balloon, having just watched a documentary on them on PBS just a few days before, but the object wasn’t shaped like a balloon. The object was shaped like a dome that was slightly short of a half circle. It had a flat bottom to it that was shaped like a tear drop on its side, with the pointy end facing toward my right. I approximate that I was looking up at a 20 to 30 degree angle, through my windshield. There was a plane in the far distance coming toward me from the area of NW Arizona that was within my field of vision as well, evidenced by the con trail it left in its wake and a large mesa off to the right that was parallel to the highway. The craft was slightly above the mesa in clear blue sky. The object was bright metallic silver, as pure a color silver as I’ve ever seen. There were no other distinguishing marks other than the bottom which appeared white and which for the briefest of moment seemed to phase out of distinct characteristic form and then back in. I had been looking at the object for a matter of probably six seconds and had to turn my attention back to the road to make sure I was still traveling in my lane. Convinced I was ok I looked back to where the object had been and it was gone… completely. Within a couple miles of the sighting was an exit off the highway. I took it and got out of my car to investigate further. I couldn’t see anything but several airplanes with the con trails left in their wake. I later exited at another off ramp to ask if there was any historical significance to the area and I found out that right there was the entrance to Chaco Canyon, the residence of the now extinct Anastasi Indians. I thought that was interesting.;35.4205;-108.3273
