A large  rotating UFO over the coast of Oregon with smaller orb like lights;2013-04-22 22:15:00;25-30 minutes;A large  rotating UFO over the coast of Oregon with smaller orb like lights last night at 10:15 p.m.  My husband stepped outside for a smoke. In the sky above the ridge line was an enormous pulsing light. Red, yellow, blue, orange.... It kept flashing. My husband grabbed the binoculars to see if he could get a better view. He positioned the binoculars on the railing of the porch and took a look.  The lights were rotating around, the object was spinning.  Then a small light began to drip (Like melting wax on a candle) a singular droplet of light started to descend to the tree line. It moved so very slowly.  Slow like 1/10 the speed of a feather falling  When it reached the level of about half the height of the trees trunks height it zoomed to the west.  Still visible the light flickered as it passed between the trees.  Then another began to fall from the ship, as slow and steady as the last. They looked like white glowing orbs.   The size of baseballs to me.  Then the lights shot through the trees in many directions, before returning back to! being beneath the big rotating lights, which had been steadily moving North (the size of 2 basketballs).  This continued until I had visually counted 6, my husband watching along side me. Then just as they had descended, like rewind but very very slowly the lights ascended back to the bright rotating lights. When the last white glowing orb was absorbed the entire thing vanished. This lasted over 20 minutes. We called a friend to see if he could see it or come to watch from our house because the view was so astonishing. We were on the phone with him almost the entire time. Then about 30 minutes later we stepped back out to see if it was back, and we watched what we thought was possibly a satellite move slowly over the house, but just as my husband was explaining why he thought this was a satellite it swerved very quickly and vanished.;44.628;-123.9256
