2 amber colored lights flying in the same flight path and then darting off and vanishing.;2012-07-04 22:00:00;5 minutes;2 amber colored lights flying in the same flight path and then darting off and vanishing. On the 4th of July, 2012, I was having a get together at my house.  We were all outback carrying on when i went to walk over to the side of my yard with 2 of my friends to talk because it was getting kind of loud.  I was looking to the West when i noticed an orange/amber colored sphere pretty high up in the air moving towards us in the sky.  I myself am an amateur astronomer and my friends both have credible backgrounds.  1 military and 1 works at an international airport as a plane mechanic.  So all and all we are all pretty familiar with what can be seen in the sky collectively.  I also usually do a fireworks display every year.  We all confirmed at the altitude, lack of sound (0 sound being emitted from the object) and speed that this object was nothing that we had ever seen.  We watched the object from from west to east then turn towards the city of Philadelphia.   As it passed over us, it went from its almost floating speed to a fast dart at which point it vanished out of view in a matter of seconds.   Before we could even comment on what we just saw another object same size, altitude, speed, and flight path as the previous one.  We instantly were in awe and had no idea what we just saw after the second one.   We were able to rule out a plane do the fact a plane flew overhead during the occurrence and the altitude of these objects were much higher despite how bright they were. I was able to rule out any kind of meteor or firework.  We were left baffled.  I informed my cousin of the occurrence and he was intrigued by it which led to him calling me 3 months later as he was driving down the PA turnpike and witnessed the same thing only with more objects which he promptly pulled over and recorded it on his Nikon dslr.   He even followed down the highway and continued filming which was interesting at one point because the object while he was driving moved so fast he couldn't keep it in frame when it stopped and changed directions completely.  I just! found out about this website and its purpose, and was hoping to submit the event I saw on the 4th and my cousins in the hopes to maybe find an answer or well share what happened.;39.8771;-75.3235
