Saucer shaped object enters river.;1970-06-01 01:00:00;30 sec;Saucer shaped object enters river. This is a story that was told to me by my father, who would have been about 50 years old when this occurance happened. My father worked for a local paper manufacturer that is located on the James River. He was a shift worker and one night he was taking his break in a location that had a clear view of the James River. He said that he observed a saucer shaped object come down from the sky at a moderate rate of speed, hover just above the water for a few seconds traveling maybe a few hundred yards then dived into the water disapearing from sight. He told me it had lights but i cannot remember what colors he said they were. My father grew up on the river, living in a house boat as a child. He told me that he had seen this sort of thing happen quite often over the years. Sometimes the saucer would hover over the water for short periods, but this was the first time he had seen it enter the water. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));37.2899;-77.29
I've seen a Saucer and it moved w/ light speed;1997-07-20 04:00:00;3 MIN;I've seen a Saucer and it moved w/ light speed It was one morning around 4:00 am. Sometime in either June or July of 1997. My friend ((name deleted)) and I were sitting on my porch in Hopewell Va.. Which at that time I lived behind Hardees off of Miles Ave. Well, while we were sitting there we noticed  a bright White light in the sky. So, we didn't really think much of it. We just thought it was probly a search and rescue light from a Police helicopter because, it was moving slowly across the sky like a helicopter would. About a min. goes by and then we were thinking maybe it's headlights on a plane but, the (plane) was travling pretty slow. About another min. goes by then, we noticed something really odd as, it was getting closer. The White light seemed to give off a shine to the ships underbelly. It was then when we noticed that the ship was not a helicopter or a plane. It was round just like a saucer. Then the ship stoped. Then White light on the bottom of the ship started to change colors. From a White light to Blue ,then Red, then White again. The light was changin these 3 colors and they were picking up speed. Then from a dead standstill the the ship darted off in an up rightward slanted postion in the sky. It was one of the most amazing things I have even seen in my life. The ship was gone in the blink of an eye..literally. My friend and I were in shock by what we had seen. We discussed the event and realized we had just seen a flying saucer. It was a few yr.'s later that I realized somthing really even more odd about the whole event. 1st 0ff the ship looked Terran made (man made). 2nd The lights were changing to Red, White, and Blue. Just like you would see as if an airplane was flying through the sky at night. If you ask me in my opinion it was not Alien but, the US Airforce and that when the ship darted off it left at, what appeard to be some form of light travel or close to it. I would just be happy to find out wether or not any Airports in the surronding area had seen anything on radar or not. If anyone feels free to investigate t! his for me I would be really, really gratefull thank you for letting me get this off of my chest. P.S. ((e-address deleted)) is my E-mail address for any questions or answers..lol ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));37.2899;-77.29
