Two white lights from afar then three white lights when underneath in triangular form.;2009-11-25 19:00:00;2.5 minutes;Two white lights from afar then three white lights when underneath in triangular form. Was driving down a dark road heading to a families house for Thanksgiving. I was driving and noticed 2 white lights in a straight horizontal line off to the right and slightly ahead of me. Not knowing the area, I assumed they were lights marking the top of a tall building. The area is surrounded by trees so I lost sight of teh lights and really thought nothing of them at the time. Approximately 1 minute later I saw the same too lights appear from behind the tree line on the right side of the road and slowly cross, disappearing behind the trees on the left side. This was approximately 1/2 mile ahead of me. I again paid little attention to teh lights thinking they were just some aircraft. When we drove the the air craft crossed I then saw it again. The difference being now we were slightly under the craft and there were 3 white lights of equal distance apart. I could not see the shape of the craft, just the lights. I did see dim multi colored lights between two of the lights slightly forward of them leading me to believe that that section of the craft was slightly rounded there. I stopped my car and watched the craft for about 10-15 seconds. The whole time I was watching it did not move. I was just hovering about 75 yards of the ground and about 100 yards from me off to my back left side. I turned away for a second and when I looked back the craft was begining to slowly move back across the road behind me. I lowered my window to watch it. I could not hear anything a very soft hum or whoosh sound. My radio was on but not turned up loud as I had an infant and toddler in the car. I watched it until it disappeared back behind the tree line on my right side. I waited for a momement to see if it would reappear and it did not. My wife also witnessed all of the events. She is from a less educated country than the US and does not fully understand the normal flight of aircraft so the idea of a fairly quite hoovering craft was not concerning to her.;37.2899;-77.29
Followed by an illuminating ball of light around 3:30ish am, the closer it got the bigger it got...;2014-08-25 03:36:00;2-3 minutes;Followed by an illuminating ball of light around 3:30ish am, the closer it got the bigger it got... I was traveling home on interstate 295 North about 10 minutes from the Fort Lee/Hopewell exit in Virginia. It was between 3:34-3:40am with no street lights on the interstate it was pretty dark.  At the time I was the only vehicle on the road. I look up to my rear view and notice what to me looked like a vehicle way off in the distance coming over the hill.  Focused back on the road I decided to look again.  From where I saw that light, to where it was then it's just impossible to drive that fast in less than a minute. I'm starting to look closer, it's only one light which then starts illuminating its light in wave like motions around its self. I speed up thinking  This is not happening right now!. I truly became scared as it increased speed when I did... My focus was distracted when I noticed a vehicle going south.  The illuminating ball of light seemed like it was going to catch my car until the vehicle traveling south became parallel with the light and then quicker than a blank of an eye, the light beams it's self in a perfect line straight to the other vehicle. GONE!  No noise nothing just disappears from my view, the light and other vehicle. My heart was pounding. I'm coming up on my exit and what do I see? The light is back behind me brighter and and faster.  I increase my speed taking my chances on the off ramp but as soon as my car turns off it zooms by me like it had targeted the next car it could see . I know what I saw, can't explain what but I can describe it to the T.  Those terrifying images will never leave my head and I hope I never have to experience them again!  My entire life I don't think I was ever that scared.;37.2899;-77.29
