Bright, amber object in the sky with brilliant, glittering, colored lights throughout.;2008-12-03 19:15:00;1 1/2 minutes;Bright, amber object in the sky with brilliant, glittering, colored lights throughout. We were heading home, driving up a 1 mile hill about 4 miles out of town.  Out of my windshield a bright object caught my eye.  It was nearly overhead.  I carefully pulled over because it was a steep embankment on the side of the road and there was a car on my tail. I was pretty excited because I knew it wasn’t an object we normally see in the sky at night. I told my wife, “look, a UFO!” I rolled the window down and sat on the door looking up. There was a low, fog layer, with the base about 300 feet above our head. The object was directly beneath it. It was also lighting up the fog above it. If I stick my hand out arms length, I would say it was about a nickel size in diameter. It was round and had a brilliant amber color. There were bright, LED looking lights, glittering throughout it. I couldn’t tell exactly where the lights were oriented on it, but they were brilliant. There was no sound and it was moving very, very, slowly S.E. to N.W. I watched it for about 30 seconds. At arms length it moved just a few inches in the sky. The car behind us pulled up next to our car and asked if we were OK. I said, “We are fine. We are looking at that light”. I pointed up to the object and saw that it was rising/fading into the base of the fog layer. The person in the car said, “Oh” and just took off. We watched it for just 15-30 seconds longer and the light disappeared in the clouds/fog. There was no sound from it. My wife and I are both well eduacated and have encountered several credible U.F.O.’s in the past, one in this area, one 20 miles away, and two in Eastern Oregon. We are always looking up for the next one.  P.S. Please e-mail me back on this. There is more to the story, especially up to the few nights prior, previous visitation history, and incidents last night when we returned home. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  We are unable to respond, when a person provides no contact information!  PD));44.5319;-122.8865
It went across the sky.  It was orange, high in the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested more information.  PD));2011-06-26 23:00:00;10 mins;It went across the sky.  It was orange, high in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested more information.  PD));44.5319;-122.8865
Large circular craft flew silently over man walking his dog.;2016-02-10 05:15:00;30 seconds;Large circular craft flew silently over man walking his dog. At around 5:15 am in the morning on February 10th, I took my puppy outside so she could go to the bathroom.  As I stood on my lawn, I looked up at the sky.  It was still dark and the stars were out.  It was a nice, quiet morning. I glanced up at the northeast sky and was startled to see two white orbs about 20 degrees above the horizon.   My immediate reaction was “what in the heck are those things?”  They looked about half a mile away.  They were stacked vertically (one above the other).  The objects had a fuzzy quality.  It was like viewing something through fog.  Even though the sky was clear.  They were moving silently in my direction at about the speed of a sailboat. At a distance it looked like two objects, however as it approached it appeared to be a single object.  It was difficult to see the whole thing, as if it was partly invisible.  It was either dark colored and therefore blended in with the black sky or it was transparent in parts.  It was odd, like looking at a jellyfish-- parts of it seemed transparent and parts of it appeared solid. As it glided overhead I got a good look at the underside of it. The center was the most distinctive and clear thing that I could see.  The outer edges were barely visible and dark.  The center was a bright white light that was triangular in shape.  There was another circular white light in the center of the triangle. The lights were steady, not blinking or flashing.   I drew a picture of what it looked like (attached). The sides of the triangle in the center were not exactly three straight lines as pictured (I’m not that handy with drawing tools).  It had three corners, but the sides of the triangle were bowed-in by the arcs of the circular things surrounding it.  As you can see in my drawing, there were several faint circles that seemed to make up the perimeter of the craft.  The dot in the center of the triangle was also white but distinctive from the white triangle.  I believe it was a little darker. As it moved overhead, I pulled out my cell phone and tried to record some video.  However when I checked the video later, it was too dark and nothing came out in the recording. The object was pretty big, about the size of a large dinner plate held at arm’s length. It made no sound at all.  It was difficult to judge its altitude.  I would guess less than 500 feet. The object continued on its straight path, heading southwest (bearing about 210 degrees).  I lost sight of it behind the trees on my property.  The entire event lasted about 30 seconds. This is the 2nd time I’ve seen something strange like this in the sky.  The first was on 9/9/2015 from the same location (which I reported to your web site).  However, in that case the objects were red, white, blue, and orange. I have no idea what this thing was.  It was too large and quiet to be a drone, and it wasn’t an airplane.;44.5319;-122.8865
Round orange shape that was bright and would have no light to it for minutes at a time Nd then eventually just was gone. Seemed to have;2021-07-06 11:40:00;30 minutes;Round orange shape that was bright and would have no light to it for minutes at a time Nd then eventually just was gone. Seemed to have smaller crafts around it.;44.5319;-122.8865
