Silent red and orange energy fireball glides just over tree tops in forested backyard outside of Lebanon, Oregon;2007-09-22 22:00:00;around 1 minute;Silent red and orange energy fireball glides just over tree tops in forested backyard outside of Lebanon, Oregon There were 2 planes (perhaps) flying unually high & in close proximity to one another, they were both long shapes though with no lights on them and silver perhaps in color (reflective metal) that we both ( my husband and myself) were watching while standing in our backyard  just after 9pm. The sky was clear without a cloud in sight,there was no wind.   The two planes veered off from each other- one headed east, the other southeast and out of our sight, just at that moment directly above our heads and very close to the ground because it appeared to be just above the treetops in our back yard was a cylinder shape that was a beautiful glowing red and orange.  My husband saw it first and said to me do you see that?  We both stood there watching it in amazement.   It made no sound and the colors were shooting out of it, the corlors seemed to change from red to orange and then perhaps back again, like something that was was supercharged with energy or really badly glowing with fire.  Because of what seemed to be sparks and colors flying out of it, I am afraid that no real shape other that a fireball can be used to describe it.  It hovered above for a moment and then travelled at the same altitude off in front of us to the north. over our pasture and we watched till it was out of sight, perhaps a minute or more as it just took its time to move on.  Then my husband said he was really glad that I had seen it with him, and I guess our story is a bit strange but it trulely happened to us on Saturday night.  Since then we are going out at night and looking for it again, it was really large and beautiful. ((FIRST MESSAGE FROM WITNESS)) Hi, this last Saturday ( The 22nd) evening my husband & I were standing in our backyard at just after 9 pm. We live in a rural area of town outside of Lebanon Oregon called Lacomb. Above us in the sky appeared a very large glowing red & orange appearing round shape that hovered low, just above the treetops and stayed above us, then gently glided toward the north without veering off the course slowly . We watched it till it was out of sight. Really most beautiful and made no sound.We have been pretty mesmerized by the whole thing, called the police ( the next day) to see if anyone had reported seeing this- because we want to know what it is- alas nobody called it it. Did not see what direction it came from- just sorta was there & cant really say what exact shape but it appeared round- maybe not perfectly tho- it was on fire- no sparks, noise. Can you help us? ((END FIRST MESSAGE)) ((SECOND MESSAGE FROM WITNESS));44.5319;-122.8865
