Small Orange-White star that moves around in circles, up, down, and sideways fast in the night sky;2007-10-10 01:00:00;4 hours;Small Orange-White star that moves around in circles, up, down, and sideways fast in the night sky A few nights ago, and then again last night I noticed this thing that looks like an orange star, and it moves back and fourth, up and down, and swirls around. I just saw it again tonight. When I first saw it I thought it was a satellite, but then I realized it couldn't be because Earth made satellites don't move like that. It shows up around midnight and stays around until 4am or so. Its not out every night, but it has been out the past weekend. I was going to film it myself, but its so blasted small I couldn't possibly find it though the lens of the camera in the night sky. This thing also fades in and out and vanishes every now and then, and then comes back a few minutes later. It shows up to the east, but closer to the middle of the sky. I thought I was seeing things so I got my family and they also saw it and confirmed that it was actually moving around. The area I live in is out in the middle of the woods so there is very little light contamination, and its dark enough to see. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));44.5319;-122.8865
Orange lights flying north to south dropping something and disappearing.;2012-08-14 22:30:00;15 minutes;Orange lights flying north to south dropping something and disappearing. A group of three bright orange flying/hovering objects was observed above treeline heading in a southern direction from my house. The objects would travel past my house from the north and then disappear in the south. Two members of my group noticed something falling from the craft at several points in their flight. One of the craft appeared to disintegrate after dropping something to the ground. The lights were erratic in flight and seemed to fade and then brighten. One of the members of my group ( a 42 y/o housepainter) was actually in a different location in town but went outside to view the orange objects when I called him. At his location the objects were also visible and were seen by a large group of people. My viewing group was a 5 year old boy, 8 year old boy, myself- 37 year old middle class woman with a college education, and a man in his 50's in the construction industry.;44.5319;-122.8865
Bright white light moving fast in sky turns red suddenly, changes directions and begins to descend then a second white light is seen.;2015-08-11 21:30:00;5 minutes;Bright white light moving fast in sky turns red suddenly, changes directions and begins to descend then a second white light is seen. Lebanon, OR  ~9:30 pm.  I looked through my house window and noticed a bright light moving fast in the sky.  I had heard there were meteor showers happening tonight, so I went outside to watch.  But, the light was moving very fast and not like the meteors I have seen.   Then I had the thought it was a planet or satellite.  The light was very bright white light. 	Then the light started to slow down and it changed directions multiple times.   At this point, I had no idea what this thing could be-it wasn’t behaving like the meteors, planets or satellites that I typically see in the sky.  I went inside quickly to get my cell phone to take photos/video and get my husband. He then came outside and watched the light with me.   At this point the light suddenly changed from bright white to red.  This was really weird to see happen and kind of freaked us out!  Then the light started to descend even more when we lost it behind the tree line.  It looked as if it was descending toward the ground. 	We walked down the block to see if we could spot it behind the trees.  We then saw another white light moving similarly (speeding up/slowing down, changing directions suddenly and then looked to descend toward the ground).  We followed it as long as we could before it moved out of sight.  We did not see the second light change color like the first one. 	I have attached photos of the light after it changed red.  The light looked very large and bright.  I took video of the light for at least 20 seconds, I saw the video recording and we only turned it off when the light descended from view but for some reason only about 2 seconds of the video saved….  Not sure what is up with that!;44.5319;-122.8865
Bright white light moves fast flashes red and descends rapidly toward ground. 2nd white light seen moving.;2015-08-19 20:45:00;6 minutes;Bright white light moves fast flashes red and descends rapidly toward ground. 2nd white light seen moving. Lebanon, OR 8:45 pm.  My husband and I were out for a run.  The sun was just going down and there was a little light left.   I saw a bright light in the sky moving.  I thought it was odd it was so bright even though it was still semi-light out and I didn’t see any other stars in the sky.  I watched it for awhile and noticed it was moving fast, changed directions multiple times, hovered then flashed white to red 3x and once flashed bluish-green before turning to red completely.  Then the light descended directly down behind the tree line (see video).  A second light was spotted moving and changing directions but was lost behind the tree line. I saw a very similar sighting about a week ago (also reported on this site).  The light was in approximately the same area of the sky as the light I reported last week and behaved similarly.;44.5319;-122.8865
Early Saturday morning (7/28/2018), I  went outside for some fresh air and to observe the night sky like I have done numerous times. Af;2018-07-28 01:00:00;1.5 minutes;Early Saturday morning (7/28/2018), I  went outside for some fresh air and to observe the night sky like I have done numerous times.  After a few minutes of being out there, I began to notice a 'solid reddish object' moving east to west in a unusually slow manner.  I do live a few miles (as the crow flies) from a rural airport that only accomodates single engine small prop planes.  I see these type of planes coming and going all hours of the night but they always have blinking aviation lights and you can hear their engines quite easily anytime they are nearby.  However, this object had no blinking lights and seemingly was not making any type of sound.   After its slow approach in my general frontal view from east to west, it seemed to almost come to a stop and then began a descent towards the ground in an angled or arched movement however, but not in a straight downward descent.  At that point, I lost sight of it as it descended down below thebroof/tree/horizon lin! e that was out in of me in the near distance.  In summation, I believe that this was not a typical aircraft (small prop plan or helicopter) and that it was under some sort of intelligent control.;44.5319;-122.8865
