Two disc-like objects, first appearing as stars, do rapid zig-zag-like manuevers in the western sky above Los Angeles, CA;2000-09-03 19:00:00;1 minute;Two disc-like objects, first appearing as stars, do rapid zig-zag-like manuevers in the western sky above Los Angeles, CA On Sunday evening at 7:00pm, here, 30 miles east of Downtown L.A., I was looking west towards the sunset and I saw two bright white stars. At first I thought they must've been airplanes flying to LAX or wherever that were reflecting light from the sun. If you were to place your middle finger & index finger in a peace sign formation and held them against the sky, that is the distance that these two bright stars seemed to be apart from each other. If you drew a line between these two objects, you would have a perfect horizontal line. At first, the left star which was bright started to dim a little bit, like an airplane flying away from you. Then it regained its original brightness. Then I saw the right star, which originally wasn't as bright as the left star start to become brighter also. So I knew then that these were not airplanes. Immediately I saw the left star dim slightly. When this happened, it appeared to reveal it's shape which was like a slim disc. It all of a sudden started to zig zag downward very rapidly. After that, it zig zagged upward back to its original position. Immediately after that, the right star also revealed its disc-like shape and did a zig zag motion downward as well but diagonally to the right. This right object revealed its shape in better detail. It sort of resembled , if you're familiar with the movie Star Wars, the rear end of the Millenium Falcon ship as it would launch of any given surface. What I mean is it resembled the orange glow given off by the rear rockets and the exact detail of the rear end of the Millenium Falcon. Anyway, when this was apparent, it appeared to dive slightly to the left going downward. It looked exactly like the Millenium Falcon when it would change direction and dive left. It did this motion at the speed that an airplane would. Then it quickly jumped back to its original position. Then, the left star, which now appeared as a disc, also somewhat resembling the millenium falcon, zig zagged rapidly downward diagonally left, staye! d there for a moment, the zig zagged back to its original position. These two objects now appeared to be bright stars again. All of a sudden, their brightness dimmed, then disappeared suddenly. As far as my personal background goes, I'm a 24yr old graphic design/web design student here in West Covina.  I was not under the influence of any alcohol or substances at the time of the sighting. I come from a family of four who all carry on w/ typical work/school lifestyles and who don't suffer from any history of mental disorders. I do stargaze and look at the sky from time to time but this is my first time seeing unidentified flying objects and am really excited now.;34.0635123123122;-117.898575675677
I seen what I thought was a star towards the mountain area and was looking at it because I never seen a star in that area of sky and it;2010-11-13 07:11:00;3 minutes;I seen what I thought was a star towards the mountain area and was looking at it because I never seen a star in that area of sky and it was still light out . As I was looking it got real bright and larger and then it just disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.0635123123122;-117.898575675677
