((HOAX??))  2 orbs flying close to my house.;2015-02-01 11:05:00;30-40 minutes;2 orbs flying close to my house. Was outside about to do some quick work on my house, felt some pressure in my ears that was not normal looked up, there were 2 orbs.  One was the leader the other followed behind it.  The leader was brighter than the other I say orb but the shapes were changing to oval in a rotating motion.  I called my witnesses out,  One has seen them with me before, the other 2 were amazed.  The duration of the event lasted about 30-40 minutes they were  heading north east toward the mountains.  Up until the leader stopped and it looked as if it was waiting for the other one to catch up.  Then that one stopped. They were motionless but still shining bright then dull, bright then dull, since I have seen this pattern before in previous sightings I knew it would not be long till they were gone by completely going dark.  Just as they were about to get to that point of going dark, they both started moving in a southern direction then BAM both lights out, cannot see them anymore.  And just as if on cue also in the air were the planes spraying the trails tracking them and spraying the trails so they would eventually be covered.  Amazing to watch.   This is the 4th or 5th daytime sighting for me.  And now with the 2 other witnesses, I was able to describe what was about to happen with the planes' actions and sure enough like predictable clockwork they did exactly what I said they would do.  To the point when after the orbs were gone a white plane flew real close above my house, that was not the strange part, what was strange was the plane had NO SOUND at all, at this point I was discussing the event with my neighbor, and I noticed there was hardly any jet engine sound at all.  I thought it was cool and so be it..... It's the powers that be doing their job which I fully support. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.0635123123122;-117.898575675677
