The UFO was glowing white,red,and green and had others next to it, also moved upwards and had airplanes next to it.;2010-06-07 23:30:00;about 7 min;The UFO was glowing white,red,and green and had others next to it, also moved upwards and had airplanes next to it. The time that I saw the crafts was around 11:30 pm. We had just got back from 4-wheeling and we had a barbacue.  I was sitting on a ledge and looked up into the sky.  At first i saw 2 crafts about 10 feet away from each other.  Both were blinking red,white, and green.  I then saw another one about 30 feet above both of them.  After about a min or two both were then moving upwards at a slow pace. It seemed as if they moving towards the one above them.  I then saw a helpicopter or airplane fly towards the objects, it went right through it as if nothing happened.I then looked to my right and saw another object.  Of them origin, same shape and color.   I then looked to my right more and yet again saw another helpicopter or airplane and it was heading towards the object.  I looked back and the objects had not moved.  The two below the one were once again moving upwards.  Yet again another airplane or helicopter was seen this one however just flying to the north.   I then ate and sat back dow nand looked up in the sky....... they were gone.  I then went home to go to sleep.  During this whole event my father was right next to me and numerous times i said look up, what do you think it is. He responded I dont know.  He said he has never seen it before.  I explained it to my friend over the phone who said that it must have been extremely weird.  He beleived me. I beleive that i saw was a UFO, and i do believe that there aliens out there.  One more thing is that today 7/2/10 i went outside and looked up and as i was sitting on my porchi looked up and saw the same object as seen before, i went back inside before i got to see what happened to it.   That's my UFO sighting and i believe that its true. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));40.6879;-76.256
