Large cigar-shaped object moving in an unusual way.  ((anonymous report));1975-06-01 13:00:00;10 minutes;Large cigar-shaped object moving in an unusual way. Though some time has gone by, this is my story... I know it's been a while back that my sighting took place, but the experience has always stayed clear in my head.  With it being in the 1970's when it happened, I did not know of any one to tell and that was way before computers. I was in my 20's and living with my mother at the time.  We lived about 5 miles from the nearest town.  She was gone that day.  I was an average country boy, no drugs, very limited drinking. It was a very clear day, bright sunshine, no wind, unusually still.  I decided to lay in the sun out next to a small pond that was about a quarter of a mile from our house.  The pond was surrounded by a wheat field and there were no trees near it. I had just gotten comfortable on my back lying on a towel near the water.  I closed my eyes and shortly after doing so I opened them because something briefly blocked the sun. When I looked up there was a large cigar shaped object, dark grey or black that had just passed over me.  It was amazing!  I kept my eyes on it as I stood up.  I did not see any windows, no lights, just a large dark cigar shape slowly passing over in absolute silence.  From its appearance to its movement, nothing about it looked familiar.  I wasn't afraid, but I was so curious and shocked by what I was looking at that I ran to follow it as far as I could, but couldn't keep up.  It stayed ahead of me passing over our house. The house was 2 story and the object was either very low or very large because it didn't appear to be very high above the house & trees. It's difficult to explain its movement because it didn't spin nor did it move like a balloon or airplane. Movement was  - Imagine dangling a pole with cord tide in the middle of it.  The pole is suspended vertically.  Then you tap one end of the pole to make it turn. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));39.3491;-90.2041
