Sightings in Greenfield, IL;2007-05-10 23:00:00;15 minutes;Sightings in Greenfield, IL June 1, 2007  I have seen a UFO on three different occasions in the last 6 months here in Greenfield, IL. The first incident was the same day in November 2006 when the sightings were reported at O’Hare airport in Chicago, IL, although I didn’t realize this at the time. It was approximately 9:30 pm. I went outside to bring my dogs in for the night and saw an extremely bright yellow/orange light in the Southern sky over a corn field behind our property. We live in a rural area and there are very few lights at night, so it is very, very dark. Any light at all will stand out in our area. I had never seen a light in the sky like this before and thought for a minute that it might be a new street light that had been installed. However, it was too high in the sky to be a street light. I stared at the light for a minute or two and realized that it was moving closer to me and getting larger as it moved. I then realized that this was some sort of UFO. I actually could not tell what shape this object was, it just appeared to be the brightest light I had ever witnessed. It stopped moving and hovered approximately 200 feet in the air, maybe 100 yards from me. I had the distinct feeling that whatever this was, it knew that I was looking at it, and I felt it was looking at me. This object made no noise whatsoever. I kept listening for some sort of sound, thinking maybe it was a helicopter or something, but no sound at all. It hovered at this point for approximately 4-5 minutes then just disappeared into thin air. It did not move up, down, sideways or back. It just disappeared completely. Two days later I heard about the sightings at the Chicago airport and wondered if this could have been one of the objects that were seen there.  The second sighting was in April, 2007. I saw the same bright yellow/orange light at approximately 10:00 pm. It moved from West to Northeast. Again, I could not discern any detail of this object, only that it was very similar to the light I had witnessed in November, 2006. It moved at a very high rate of speed. This time, it did not hover but just continually moved across the sky. I have no other detail for this sighting.  The last sighting was approximately May 10, 2007. I was lying in bed looking out the window at 11:15 pm. I suddenly noticed the same bright, yellow/orange light in the Southern sky, again at the same spot I spotted the light in November. It hovered at approximately 100 feet or so for approximately 5 minutes. I then called my boyfriend into the room and he witnessed the same object. It hovered at the same spot for a while and we could see that the lights would dim to almost nothing, and then get bright again. From the angle I was seeing the object it appeared to have 3 lights across the front. It appeared at this time to be round or cylinder shaped and I was seeing the front arc of the object. The object continued from bright to dim for approximately 5 minutes then began to move to the Northeast. When it reached the point that it was over the tree in our backyard, we could see that it wasn’t round at all, but triangular in shape. It didn’t seem to be moving all that fast and we ran to our front door and went out on the porch to watch the object continue moving to the Northeast. Up to this point, we heard nothing from this object. It made no sound at all. But, once it passed us to the Northeast we did hear a noise coming from the object. Something like the sound that comes from an airplane in the sky, however it wasn’t that loud. It was almost a swishing sound, not a rumbling sound. It continued to blink off and on and disappeared into the Northeast sky. The entire incident lasted maybe 15 minutes.  After witnessing this last object, I began to think about the first sighting I had. I wondered if the object I first encountered didn’t actually disappear into thin air, but simply turned its lights off as the last object had.  I have asked at our local gas station if anyone has ever reported seeing UFO’s in this area. I was told that occasionally people do report sightings. I have only lived in this area less than a year and do not know anyone personally to ask about sightings. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.3491;-90.2041
UFO's in Greenfield, IL;2009-05-01 09:00:00;30 minutes;UFO's in Greenfield, IL We see these objects almost every night.  They appear to be lights at quite a distance.  I have described them as looking like a ferris wheel in the sky.  Many different colors. They make no sound and move at incredible speeds when they move.  They also sit in the same area for quite a long time.  I have many, many pictures that I would like to submit.  They stay visible for anywhere from 30 minutes to over an hour sometimes.  We saw 2 on May 1, 2009.  They were together, usually we might see one in one particular area and another in another area of the sky.  These were together through the entire sighting.  They stayed visible for approximately 30 minutes or more then it was like they just turn their lights off and we didn't see them again that night. ((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at the photos, and the objects of interest are simply small smears of light.  We allow for the possibility that the witness has photographed stars, or other celestial bodies, using a camera that was handheld.  PD));39.3491;-90.2041
