Pair of very low flying objects for the third time;2013-07-01 22:00:00;2 minutes;Pair of very low flying objects for the third time Between 10 and 10:30 pm. on 7/01/13 I went outside to see why my dogs were barking. They had  a cat cornered in the yard.  So, I put them in the house and went back out to check on the cat.  I heard a noise coming from over towards the west side of the house (I live out in the country and the neighbors on that side are out of site from the front of the house).  I stepped away from the house and looked over there just in time to see the first object before it went behind my house  and behind my tree line.  It was a dull dark color and I didn't see any lights on that one, but it had a slight illumination.  A couple of seconds later another one comes by following the same path.  It was also dark colored but it had one red light and one blue light on the back.  One on top the other on the bottom, I think. Then it was out of site, too. I went over to the other side of the house to see if I could see them but all I could see were the lights from the second one through the trees. They were very, very low.  I half expected to hear a big crash.  It sounded like only one combined sound. It sounded like a very muted jet engine, kinda like a whine. I have seen jets (not this low!), crop dusters, helicopters and even military copters around here over the years and this isn't any of those.  However, this is the third time I've had something fly over really low, always in pairs. The first time was April 27, 2011, again it was late.  It was getting ready to storm and I was on my porch talking on the phone with my sister, (Bad storms scare us and I'm the family alert system if there may be tornadoes).  I was facing west when I heard something and turned towards the east.  It was right there over my side yard heading right over my porch. It was maybe 30-40 ft. away when I heard it.  I said the impolite version of OH, SHOOT!   My sister thought something was happening weather wise and shes trying to ask me whats going on.  She said it sounded like heavy wind and rain to her. It was the same sound as those last night, a kind of whine, like a very muted jet engine.  It was just a few seconds and it was over me.  It was so low that I think if I were standing on top of the house I could've about touched it.  I really thought it was going to crash into my house.  I didn't see any lights but it was slightly illuminated.  Then a second one was flying! over my barn in the field in front of my house.  Again it only seemed like one sound but I don't know if only one was making noise or if it just seemed to run together. The first one I saw pretty clear, if very quickly.  It was maybe 30 ft. wide and  rounded on the front. There was a slight dome on top.  I would've said it looked like the movie type flying saucer if I had only seen the front, but then the sides kinda rounded to a point in the back. As it was going over me is when I noticed the second one over the barn, so that took my attention for a second.  When I looked back towards the west (they were flying east to west) it was about to the tree line on the other side of that neighbors yard.  I saw the back for just a second.  I think the first one had a single, wide white light coming out the back but it seemed more like it was from an engine than a light.  I can't say much about the second one, the first one took most of my attention.  They were flying really close together and extremely low. The next day (28th) the capacitor went out on our well and the following night (29th) the capacitor went out on our central heat and air unit.  Also, about a month later my husband went to turn on the window unit in the tack room of the barn and it wouldn't work either.  So, if it's some kind of government thing I wish they'd refund me the $400 plus it cost us! And that they would quit flying so low. The second time was in late April 2012. I'm not sure of the date and I didn't really get a look at them.  I was in the house and I heard them go over the back side of the house.  Again roughly east to west and very low, right over the tree line.  I ran out the front and just caught a glimpse of the back lights or whatever they are. I don't know what they are.;31.8469;-83.7265
