I have seen a UFO from 100 yards away.;2005-07-13 00:30:00;3 minutes;I have seen a UFO from 100 yards away. In July of 2005 I was living at my parent’s house in Mora, MN. I was in their sunroom that has two windows to the south and five windows to the west. Their backyard backs up to some thick woods. To the south the tree line continues for at least a mile or so. I was in the sunroom watching TV, facing the west wall. Suddenly for no reason at all I turned my head to the south. Just above the tree line, no more than 100 yards from the house there was a large cigar shaped disk hovering above the tree line. I looked as though it had just come out of the woods but that was ridiculous because there was no clearing that it would have fit into that I knew of. And I know those woods pretty well. This object was about two to three minivans in length. It was a silver color with red lights revolving around the middle. It had a disk shape with a dome top. It stopped and teetered for a moment. Then it just zoomed (for lack of a better word) off into the sky. I mean it was just gone in an instant. It was July and the windows were open because my parents are too cheap to run the AC at night. There was a low hum coming from the machine and that could have been why I turned my head to the south. Although there was a hum, the trees sat perfectly still.  I was so scared I ran to all the windows and shut them. I then went upstairs and ran around to all the windows upstairs and closed and locked them. It was hot and humid but I didn’t care. I have never been so scared in my whole life. I moved in with my fiancé two weeks later, but up until then every night I locked my window and my door at night. I haven’t seen anything since then, however recently my brother and his friend watched a bright, non-blinking light move in the sky following the Snake River. At one point it stopped several times and made a 90 degree turn. My dad who is a non-believer also witnessed this from the front of his house two miles away. As an experienced pilot he knows that no planes, helicopters, or satellite moves the way this object did.! I don’t know why we have seen all of these things, but I am sure there are others in Mora that have witnessed strange activity in the sky as well.  I am reporting this now as I saw a “stock” photo of a UFO online today and I instantly burst into tears. I feel like a crime victim that is finally ready to confront the experience after years of holding it in. The only people I have told about this has been a few family members and my now-husband. I am not looking for “fame and fortune”, I just want people to know that there is something out there and I have seen it up close. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));45.8957;-93.2961
