Three very bright orange lights above the tree lines traveling in the same pattern and direction.;2013-05-26 20:45:00;4-5 minutes;Three very bright orange lights above the tree lines traveling in the same pattern and direction. On Saturday night, my fiancee and I were sitting out on the front porch chatting.  Suddenly a very bright orange light caught my attention above the tree line on the opposite side of the street.  We both were astonished as we got up from the porch walking to the back of the house to keep the light in sight as it travelled over the house.  It appeared to descend and turn dark as it dissapeared behind the woods.  Just as we could no longer view it we turned and immediatly noticed two more identical lights travelling in the same pattern and direction as the first one.  The first of these lights seemed to have a haze over the top, and all were equally bright.  Immediately, we jumped into the car and attempted to follow these lights, however they dissapeared rather quickly.  My first thought was that perhaps they were associated with the military base, however I quickly realized that the only aircraft associated with the base are helicopters, and these lights certainly were not helicopters. I have seen the military aircraft every day of my life for the past thirty years, however have never wittnessed anything like this.  I believe the lights came from the west, were extremely bright, and made no sound.  As the lights appeared to be descending behind the woods they appeared to fade or darken and the shape seemed to be something of an elongated sphere.  I am not good with size or distance, however I would describe them as being the size of a smoke detector held at approximately two arms lengths.  Upon returning home, I called my Dad who happens to be a pilot and asked if he knew of any aircraft that had bright orange lights, he did not.  I also called my son as he is in the Air Force and asked him the same question.  His response was also the same.   I am still puzzled over what I have seen. Wish I had an answer.;34.7658883428569;-77.4024473142869
