In the dead of night a bright orb rose from the ground, changed colors, appeared to grow in size, and teleported away;2007-06-20 23:00:00;2 minutes;In the dead of night a bright orb rose from the ground, changed colors, appeared to grow in size, and teleported away The event occurred late at night and right off of highway 101 in San Juan Bautista, CA.  While parked off of the road at the local highschool which I was still attending, a flash of light illuminated the entire sky in the direction of a local agricultural business across the street and it made the area seem like it was being viewed through nightvision goggles unseen structures on the ground miles away became visible as if the sun were out. After the flash (which seemed to be an lime green)and originating from the field a glowing and undefined sphere of light rose into the sky.  When the sky was lit up the sphere was not visible.  After the area turned black again was when the sphere glew, became visible and floated upwards until it was about a mile high in the sky.  It shone and hovered in the same spot for about 30 seconds.  The sphere itself was initially a light yellowish color but it graudually changed to other orange and redish hues. After changing colors the light shone brighter and grew even larger in size for an instant and then vanished.  On the ground and no more than a quarter of a mile away when it first took off it seemed to be about the size of a softball but once in the sky and at least a mile away its light expaneded to what was the size of a basketball. The same object vanished instantly and then reappeared far off to the west over what would be near Watsonville (about 20 miles away) and then teleported again to the south near Salinas. (another 20 or so miles away)  There was never any trail of light.  After about another 30 seconds or so of this it came back to its original hovering spot, paused for a brief moment, and then raced towards the west again and upwards at a low angle.  Within 5 seconds it was no longer visible but unlike the other instances the final time it took off it did not teleport it seemed as if it were taking its time to leave. It's cliche, but while watching the object in truely felt as if the three of us were also being observed.  It was a very surreal experience, the kind that you want to dismiss as imaginary almost immediately.  What made the ordeal undeniable was the fact that all three witnessess saw and explained seeing the exact same thing many months afterward. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.8444;-121.5392
