Chevron shape with a center light followed by 5 round, intensely bright lights.;2002-12-06 21:30:00;2 minutes;Chevron shape with a center light followed by 5 round, intensely bright lights. Going home on I-5S after a church christmas celebration in Portland, OR.  I saw a very large, exceedingly bright light in the sky.  It did not appear to be moving very fast and I was not at first able to make out any shape.  I kept looking out my window, on the drivers side, of my car.  As I was traveling SE, it appeared to be traveling in a north westerly direction.  As I traveled past it, I was able to quite clearly see the chevron shape of the lights.  I could not determine any shape of the body.  It was too dark and I was traveling approximately 55-60 mph.  My sighting consisted of glancing at the object and back to the road about 7-10 times.  I almost ran off the road twice because I didn't want to take my eyes off of it.  The formation of the lights was one light at its peak, with, I think, 5 additional lights on each side.  The lights were under the craft and exceedingly bright.  They were very clearly round, evenly spaced and on continuously.  They did not blink intermittently or change color and they were of a very brilliant and intense.  The size was immense.  I saw an plane flying in the distance and even taking into account the distance I was from the plane, the size of the plane was about the size of a fly in comparison.  The craft I saw also had one red light at the end of the right side of the other lights and I believe it was blinking.  I am a mother, a professional in finances and am in the church program I was returning from and probably won't share my sighting with anyone else unless they bring it up.;45.3642;-122.6443
Shiny chevron in the middle of a summer day;2012-07-15 14:00:00;20+;Shiny chevron in the middle of a summer day I believe it was the summer of 2012.  My best recollection is that it was late June to early July.  I was sitting on my back patio getting some sun on my legs.  It was early afternoon—about 2:00.  Perfectly blue sky.  No clouds.  There was a nice breeze.  The position I was sitting in would put me facing WNW. Something caught my eye, and when I looked up, I saw a VERY shiny object in the sky.  I would estmate that it was two or three miles from me.  I don’t know what the altitude would be, but I would estimate that it was at about the height I have seen skydiving airplanes. At first, I thought it was two or three mylar balloons because that’s the only thing I thought of at the moment that would be that shiny.  However, a bunch of balloons change shape, flash, move along at a good speed in winds that high, and increase in altitude.  This object did none of those things.  The shape stayed exactly the same.  It did not flash, but it was the shiniest thing I have ever seen—much more shiny than mylar balloons.  It virtually hovered in the same spot and never changed in altitude. Ever so slowly, it moved from left to right.  I wanted to go in the house and get binoculars, but was afraid it would be gone when I got back.  After about 15 minutes, I finally took a chance and ran in to get binoculars.  It was still there.  When I looked through the binoculars (they’re not great ones—7 X 35), the best I can describe the shape is the tip of a harpoon or arrow.  It wasn’t triangle shaped.  It was pointed in the front (my right side) and had pointed tips in the back (my left).  It wasn’t flat like an arrow.  It had some roundness to it. I continued to watch it for another 5 minutes or so until it eventually went behind the tall trees in my neighbor’s yard.  I would estimate the degrees it traveled across the sky in that 20+ minutes at between 35 and 40 degrees never changing in size, shape, altitude, distance or color.  Just very, very shiny—especially the side that was facing me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.3642;-122.6443
