HUGE circular object which hovered over the North Brunswick, NJ intersection of Route 1 and Route 130 in the late 1970's or early 1980;1979-04-15 22:50:00;1 hour;((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Minor spelling changes, made at request of witness.  PD)) HUGE circular object which hovered over the North Brunswick, NJ intersection of Route 1 and Route 130 in the late 1970's or early 1980 I was driving  home from Woodbridge New Jersey going south on Route 1.  From a distance away I could see something up ahead that I had never seen before.  I traveled that road every day. That particular day I stayed later for a meeting.  As I came upon the circle which connects Route 1 and Route 130 in North Bruswick, there was a HUGH circular craft hovering over the circle. It was HUGH, the size of a city block.  It made no sound, just hovered.  It had colorful lights on the bottom.  I pulled alongside the highway near what use to be the NJ Boys Scouts Headquarter and just sat and gawked at it.  Many people had parked along the highway to observe.  I left before it did.  I wanted to rush home to bring back a family member to see it but no one believed me when I told them about it.  I never went back.  Since that date I make it a point of watching the Discovery channel or History channel or whatever show has to do with UFO's in the hope that I'll see a story about that incident but I never have. It is now 2001 and I still think about that event.  It was a beautiful sight which did not frighten me.  I would like to read reports in this database from other people that saw what I saw. ((ADDENDUM #1)) Cleary, I was having an  off day.  In my report, please correct HUGH to HUGE and in the description of the craft, you might want to replace the CIRCLE description with the word DISK.  I thought more about it last night and the word DISK better describes  the craft.  Thank you  ((ADDENDUM #2)) ((QUERY BY NUFORC REGARDING DATE OF SIGHTING)) Dear Ms. ((name deleted)), Thank you for the wonderful report.  I suspect the incident may have gained some publicity in local papers, but that is only a guess. There is a celebrated case in which a strange craft allegedly fired a beam of light and shattered a window in a building in Bergen County (??), NJ, but I do not remember the date.  It allegedly occurred in a building that was located somewhere near where Meadow Lands Sports Stadium currently sits. Also, if you can ever reconstruct the date of your sighting, please let us know.  We know from experience that people often can come within a week or month, if they sit and think about what they were doing at the time, why they were driving, what car they had or what clothing they were wearing, etc..  In addition, fuel receipts, cancelled checks, credit card entries, etc., are all very helpful in this respect. Thank you for taking the time to share the sighting with our Center! Cordially, Peter Davenport ((RESPONSE FROM WITNESS)) For the sake of argument, use tHe 4/79 date.  I would like to see my report entered into the database just because it  may spark the interest of one of the other people that  was also parked along the highway.  That person may end up having a more accurate fix on the exact date.  Believe me I have tried to reconstruct that day in my mind for what seems like an eternity.  I know the date is a vital link.  Normally, I have a good memory but for some reason that exact date escapes me.  I presume you have already read the report I submitted.  Isn't that why you just contacted me?     I know this is really going to top off the cake but the closest picture I have ever come across which resembles what I saw is one fleeting moment of a spaceship in the movie Close Encounters of the Third Kind  Not the aircraft where they communicate back and forth with sounds but earlier in the picture. If I could get a picture of the craft used in that movie, I could pinpoint exactly what I saw looked like.  The one in the movie didn't stay on the screen for long but when I saw it, I almost jumped out of my skin.  Even to this day, it is the only picture I've ever seen that most closely remsembles what I saw.  ((name deleted));40.4551;-74.4870999999999
