Axehead-shaped silent non-illuminated craft flying overhead at night.;2007-02-22 19:50:00;15 seconds;Axehead-shaped silent non-illuminated craft flying overhead at night. While out walking the dog, I was looking at the sky.  It was clear out, with a bright quarter-moon and bright stars.  Looking up and in front of me, I noticed a rapidly moving completely silent craft.  The craft was shaped roughly like a somewhat skinny axehead, with the axe blade in the front, two fluted sides forming the right and left flanks, and the smaller base of the axe in the back.  The front end, perhaps half the length as the sides, may have been somewhat rounded.  The back end was perhaps half the length of the front end.  Although the craft must have passed almost directly overhead just moments before, I couldn’t hear any sound from it.  It was perhaps nickel-sized at arm’s length.  It did not appear to be self-illuminated, but the moonshine from behind me must have been illuminating it enough for me to see it relatively clearly.  There was a bit of a shimmering appearance to it.  This was not an easy object to see, however.  If I hadn’t been looking at almost that exact spot in the sky, and if it hadn't been moving, I wouldn’t have noticed it.  It was moving across the sky fairly quickly, directly eastbound in a straight line towards Lake Michigan, and within fifteen seconds or so passed out of sight behind the trees in my yard.  I ran down the block to the next clearing, but I was unable to see it again.  I was alone with my dog, and certainly there was no time to get anybody else outside to see it.  I’d like to encourage anyone reading this to watch the skies, high and low, day or night, for unusual objects.  If you see something inexplicable, get somebody else as a corroborating witness if at all possible!  And get photos if you can.  Call the newspapers and radio stations!  And at the very least, file a written report.  Don't just keep it to yourself.;42.0991567567567;-87.9795905405404
Soundless Hovering Crafts in Arlington Heights IL;2008-04-02 23:00:00;10 minutes;Soundless Hovering Crafts in Arlington Heights IL I live about 10 miles from O’Hare International airport (Arlington Heights IL) and I see thousands of airplanes taking off and landing daily.  This flying craft was sitting in a fixed position in the sky over my friend’s neighborhood for about 1-2 minutes and then started to slowly hover farther away.  My friend and I followed the craft for as long as we could then lost it in sight.  I dropped my friend off (he lived very close by to where we saw this) and then I started to drive home.   All of sudden I saw the flying craft again but it was about ¼ mile away from when we first saw it.  I drove as fast as I could through the neighborhood to try and get closer look.  Finally I was driving directly below the flying craft.   This craft looked nothing like a typical plane for this area.  It looked like there were multiple cigar shaped tubes all connected to one main base.  It had different sets of lights that were blinking in a order.  When I was driving directly below this slow moving craft there was almost ZERO sound coming from it.  Most airplanes around here even 5-10,000 feet you can still hear taking off and landing from far distances.   This Craft was also able to fly straight upwards and take off very fast then it would slow down and go lower.   After I lost the sighting of the first craft I started on my way home where I saw 3 other crafts (same designs) hovering slowly over 2 miles of neighborhoods that I drove through to get home.      I’ am not surprised at all by this, but at the same time would like to know why soundless aircrafts are being flown very low around my neighborhood when there is a airport so close.;42.0991567567567;-87.9795905405404
