White-Gold boomeranged shaped object observed from beach off of Nehalem Bay State Park. It was positioned above a southern range of hil;2018-11-18 09:39:00;15 minutes;White-Gold boomeranged shaped object observed from beach off of Nehalem Bay State Park.  It was positioned above a southern range of hills and not moving.  Observed object for many minutes.  Then noticed one fighter jet approaching from Northeast. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the source of this report, and she sounded to us to be quite sincere and responsible.  We suspect that she is ahighly reliable witness.  PD));45.7206;-123.9057
White-Gold boomerange shaped object above the southern hills, south of the beach, off of Nehalem Bay State Park.;2018-11-18 09:39:00;15 minutes;White-Gold boomeranged shaped object above the southern hills, south of the beach, off of Nehalem Bay State Park. Sunday, 11/18/18 Time frame was approximately: 9:35am – 9:50am.  We entered the Oregon beach from Nehalem Bay State Park at sign post 23.  It was a perfect blue sky day with not a single cloud in the sky.  Upon entering beach, I noticed an odd shaped object above the distant hills directly south of the beach.  The object looked like a boomerang in the sky.  It was positioned such that it looked as if the rings of Saturn were chopped off the planet and were hanging in the sky. I was with my boyfriend, best friend, her young Labrador retriever and our dog.  I dismissed the object as a weird exhaust cloud left over from a plane and walked south along the beach watching the dogs play, the ocean, etc.  We were probably 5 minutes down the beach when we saw some surfers and stopped to watch them.  I happened to look up and notice the object had not changed shaped nor had it dissipated.  I began watching it more closely.  I had on polarized sporting sunglasses.  My boyfriend and best friend did not have sun glasses on.  I pointed the object out to them and said it was, “Not normal”.  They could see it but they were staring into the sun at that time of the morning and it was difficult for them to watch it for long periods of time. Through my sunglasses, the item still appeared boomeranged shaped.  It was a bright white in color similar to looking at the moon in the daylight but brighter.  It would then take on a white-gold hue.  It did not glow have any flashing lights or other colors.  I became mesmerized by it.  I was waiting for it to fade away like a cloud and it didn’t.  I would look away briefly to watch the dogs.  At one point when I looked away and then back to the boomeranged object, it was positioned lower in the sky and had turned from the boomerang being a slanted parallel position (of the chopped off rings  of Saturn) to a V position.  The shaped still had not changed and looked distinctly like a boomerang. I was even more mesmerized.  It dawned on me if it was a UFO there would possibly be military jets after it. I looked directly East to where I knew the Portland Airport would be.  This is where our National Guard Jets leave from.  I saw in the far off distance an F-15/F-16.  It looked to be heading directly south.  I looked at the object again and it was still there. I looked back at the jet and noticed it was now head directly for the object.  I kept thinking in my head, “The jet is not fast enough.”  When the jet was almost three quarters of the distance to the object, the object started leaving.  I looked away from the object, to the jet, back to the object.  The object was now a gold circle heading south.  Its movement was fluid like, not labored like the jet looked.  The circle became smaller and smaller and it disappeared within 5 or 10 seconds.  The jet was nowhere near objects originating point at the time the object left.  To compare the size of the object to the jet in the far distance is difficult.  It seemed much larger than an F-15/F-16 jet, possibly 2-3 times the size of a typical airline plane.;45.7206;-123.9057
