A large light  a long time ago.;1982-07-01 19:00:00;20 minutes;A large light  a long time ago. You may not be interested in something so long ago. My uncle emailed me this site and asked me to send this to you. I had an experience as a young teenager that was quite amazing. My brother and I was at my grandparents small farm playing in the driveway when we seen a large light to the east in the sky approx the distance that you would spot a small aircraft. It was a large and distinct light that stopped us in our tracks to stare. As we stared at the light it slowly made its way to the north not changing distance or altitude. We watched as it made its way from due east to due north. As we continued to stare it started to appear as though it was coming towards us. The light continued to come closer and yet did not change mass but became remarkably close. When the light stopped approaching it was approx 50 yards from where we were standing. It was directly behind a mature pecan tree and the light was as large as the entire tree. It stayed in that position for at least five minutes and then slowly started to back away. As it was backing away it was gaining altitude. When it got back to the distance it was before approaching us it started to go upwards and we watched it disappear into the distance in aprrox 30 seconds. The light did not make any noise nor did it create any shadows or brighten the area around it or where we were. I would guess the experience lasted at least 20 to 30 minutes. We of course told our grandparents and odd enough it took little to convince them of what we had seen. My grandfather told us that his neighbor that lived about 1/4 of a mile to the south had described the exact experience that happened to him only at an earlier date. I have not heard of anyone else having a similar experience in that area or any area for that matter ever since. I of couse have no ideal what it was but maybe you have heard of an experience like this before. I have heard of people sighting things that they could not explain but for something that came that close and was that distinct for! such a long period of time was nothing short of amazing.  I give you my assurance that this was no hoax or made up event. It has been an event that has been discussed amongst my family for over 20 years which is why my uncle asked me to send this to you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.1594;-93.2436
Blueish light traveling within or above a cloud layer.;1999-02-20 03:00:00;5 seconds;Blueish light traveling within or above a cloud layer. Blueish light traveling within or above a cloud layer. I was on my computer in front of a large window and it appeared within my view. A small area of the clouds glowed as if a large light was passing through it.  Only saw it for 5 seconds but it was a very smooth movement.  Can't offer much more detail because the view was obsructed by trees and the porch.  The light was very bright, more than that of the moon through the clouds.  My first thought is that is was an airplane with landing lights passing through the clouds, but it was a crisp light-blue color... and there was no sounds since it seemed very near, maybe 200 feet away. It couldn't have been a meteor because it was very much within the clouds traveling smoothly and slowly.  I was not able to see it anymore after i got up and looked out the door.;39.1594;-93.2436
At 19:30 of Mar 2, 2007, my neighbor and I observed a very bright light west of Marshall, Missouri. It was 5 to 10 miles west of town,;2007-03-02 19:30:00;30 minutes;At 19:30 of Mar 2, 2007, my neighbor and I observed a very bright light west of Marshall, Missouri.  It was 5 to 10 miles west of town, brighter than Venus has ever been, but the light did not move for 30 minutes.   After 30 minutes, the bright light flickered on a very cloudy night, disappeared for 30 seconds, then came back on for approximately 2 miutes, then disappeared for good.  There had to be other witnesses, but there was no report to Marshall Police in a community of 15 thousand, one hour east of Kansas City, Missouri, along I - 70.  I am used to watching the B-2 bombers fly over Marshall on take off and final approach to their home at Whiteman AFB, 30 miles south at Knob Noster, Missouri.  This bright light did not move and come closer to the city limits.  It just hung in the western night sky. There was no sound.;39.1594;-93.2436
