Three red lights in a triangular shape near Marshall, MO;2019-09-21 20:15:00;<30 seconds;Three red lights in a triangular shape near Marshall, MO My wife and I were traveling in our vehicle southbound on 65 Highway. The date of the sighting was Saturday, September 21, 2019.  The time of the sighting was approximately 8:15 p.m. By this time, the sun had already set so it was quite dark.  We had been in the town of Marshall, MO visiting family and were a few miles past the exit for Interstate 70 so we weren't really in Marshall, it was just he closest town that I am aware of.  As we drove down the road at about 65 miles an hour, I noticed three red lights in the sky to my right. There are other similar lights in the area that belong to radio towers but these three didn't seem familiar and caught my attention for some reason.  As I drove closer to where the lights would be, I realized that the lights we moving towards us.  The lights, traveling very slowly, passed between 50 and 100 feet over our vehicle.  This was when I noticed that the lights were in a triangular formation.  As I said, it was quite dark so I! couldn't make out whether or not the lights were part of a single craft or were independent of each other but they were certainly in a tight triangular shape.  If it were a single craft, it must have been quite black.  I heard no sound and noticed no unusually behavior from the lights.  They just moved slowly but steadily overhead traveling from west to east across the highway.  As I looked in my rear view mirror, I could continue to observe the lights for a brief time before I lost sight of them. My wife was in the vehicle with me but she was distracted on her cell phone.  By the time I told her about the lights I was seeing, they were already above our vehicle and she could no longer see them properly so unfortunately I am the only witness to this. There were other vehicles on the road so I am convinced somebody else must have seen something but I have heard nothing. I waited a few days before reporting this because I wanted to see if anyone else saw the same thing. From what I can tell, no one else has so I wanted to go ahead and make my report. I want to make it clear that I am not reporting any kind of alien craft. I'm sure this has some logical explanation. This took place about 30 miles from Whiteman Air Force Base where the stealth bombers are housed. I have seen these craft on many occasions both at day and at night and what I saw wasn't this. I have also lived near an airport and have observed countless airplanes and helicopters take off, in flight, and land.! I cannot say this seemed like either of these things but it very well could be. I am not discounting the possibility of drones or anything like that. I am just hoping that someone may be able to tell me what I may have seen.;39.1594;-93.2436
