Orange V-Pattern Lights Viewed in Mountains of Northern New Hampshire;2005-09-23 20:00:00;2 hours;Orange V-Pattern Lights Viewed in Mountains of Northern New Hampshire 	On this evening, I was with my friends up on a mountain.  There is a dirt road up the mountain that leads to a clearing where our cars were parked.  From here we walk a short distance up a rock formation to a ledge that overlooks the town.  We called this place the ledges.  We visited the spot almost daily:  It was a great spot to have a campfire and there was a wonderful view of the town below.  I also enjoyed stargazing up here, as it has always been a hobby of mine, and this is the perfect location. 	The night before I saw the UFOs, my friends told me that they saw something weird by another nearby mountain as they were going for a ride.  The whole area is full of hills and mountains, the town is located in a mountain valley.  They told me they saw something strange looking up at the top of a mountain nearby, but only for a second.  They really didn't make much of it. 	The next night we drove up this dirt path and went up to the ledges to try to get a good vantage point if this thing appeared again.  We were really only up there because we had nothing better to do.  There were 7 or 8 of us, like usual.  We stayed up there until the sun started to set, then decided to head back down.  My cousin was in front of me driving, his car full.  Mine was also full.  I was on the phone with him, asking him what he wanted to do when we got back to town.  I was going fairly quickly down the road, and then had to slam on my brakes.  On the line, my cousin made some kind of noise of shock.  He had stopped right there, at a small clearing created by a fork in the road.  My cousin got out in a frenzy and started looking up toward the sky.  The other occupants of his vehicle didn't seem to know what was going on, until they looked where he was looking.  They all had a frightened look on their face, and had stopped their laughing.  Everybody in my car got out too and looked up at the sky. 	When we looked up, we all saw the same thing.  The sky wasn't dark yet.  Up and to the west we saw a bright orange light.  As we were looking at it, we saw two more of these lights come into focus equidistant from the center one, forming a triangle.  They glimmered when they first came into focus, then were solid.  Shortly after that, two more of these lights showed up even further out to the sides, forming a larger triangle.  All of these lights appeared out of nowhere, there seemed to be nothing at all there, and then something.  There was no visible solid mass that connected these glowing lights.  They appeared to be separate entities.  They were not moving at all it seemed.  If they were, it was quite slowly. 	We were all pretty scared at this point, and all pretty curious.  We drove back up to the ledges, hoping to get a better vantage point.  By the time we got back up there, the orange lights had vanished, and it was completely dark.  We decided to just lounge around a bit and I did some stargazing.  I focused my eyes on what looked like a normal satellite, until it did a quick loop, changed direction, and started moving opposite how it had been.  I called the other guys over and they saw it too.  There were two of them, moving randomly, silently, and quite quickly.  They were covering a distance of approximately 60 miles in 30 to 35 seconds.  (This estimate of 60 miles is based on the distance between mountains they were traveling between.)  The only noise we could hear was the sound of eighteen-wheelers down in town.  At one point, these two specks were travelling the same direction, and between them was an orange glow like we had seen before.  It lasted only a second or two, and resembled a flare.  We watched the two dots move around for a while then decided to go home and go to bed. 	The next night, we went back to try our luck at seeing them again.  We saw the same satellite-looking specks arrive from the north.  They only stayed for fifteen minutes or so, then were gone. 	We were all very curious about what we had seen, and discovered that the mountain to the east of the ledges is private government land.  There was a suggestion that it could have been a jet that was being tested.  It could be, but it was unlike anything I've ever heard of before.  The orange lights coming out of nowhere was hard to be explained, as well as the silent flight and incredible quickness and agility of the craft.  This still remains a mystery to me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));44.4048;-71.1548
