Driving I10 west of Las Cruces NM a random shape object visable for more than 60 mins seem to follow my U-Hall truck.;1995-12-04 02:00:00;40 -60 Min;Driving I10 west of Las Cruces NM a random shape object visable for more than 60 mins seem to follow my U-Hall truck. I was accompanied by an unknown object, silver in color, initially just west of Las Cruces New Mexico and continued on past Deming.  I lost visual after I made the turn north towards Lordsburg.  I had been driving West on I10 in a rented U-hall truck in clear weather on a sunny day when I notice an object to my left which seemed to be traveling at the same speed, 60 mph, I had been traveling.  I know it sound strange but it seemed to be purposely following my vehicle at a distance of about a half mile on my left, at times I was the only vehicle on the road.  At first I thought it was a silver weather balloon as it seemed to float, however, it continued at a constant height less than 1,000 feet above ground.  The shape was constantly changing, I could not say if it was round or a crushed beer can shape or crumbled paper shape, or flat or what as it consistently hanged shape at random.  No sounds emitted from the vehicle, no lights were visible. As I passed a small town it was hard to believe that the locals could not see it as it was very low.  As I came into the town the object disappeared behind structurs and water towers and more than one point it would disappeare behind small hills only to return after we passed the hill. It left as it suddenly lifted up and out of site at a very fast speed. The time and date are the best I recall. I was moving from Georgia to California at the time so the exact date was recored by the rental.;32.2333;-107.7453
Driving I10 west of Las Cruces NM a random shape object visable for more than 60 mins seem to follow my U-Hall truck.;1999-12-04 02:00:00;40-60 Min;Driving I-10 west of Las Cruces, NM, a random shape object visable for more than 60 mins seem to follow my U-Hall truck. I was accompanied by an unknown object, silver in color, initially just west of Las Cruces New Mexico and continued on past Deming.  I lost visual after I made the turn north towards Lordsburg.   I had been driving West on I-10 in a rented U-hall truck in clear weather on a sunny day when I notice an object to my left which seemed to be traveling at the same speed, 60 mph, I had been traveling.  I know it sound strange but it seemed to be purposely following my vehicle at a distance of about a half mile on my left, at times I was the only vehicle on the road.   At first I thought it was a silver weather balloon as it seemed to float, however, it continued at a constant height less than 1,000 feet above ground.  The shape was constantly changing, I could not say if it was round or a crushed beer can shape or crumbled paper shape, or flat or what as it consistently hanged shape at random.   No sounds emitted from the vehicle, no lights were visible. As I passed a small town it was hard to believe that the locals could not see it as it was very low.   As I came into the town the object disappeared behind structures and water towers and more than one point it would disappeare behind small hills only to return after we passed the hill.   It left as it suddenly lifted up and out of site at a very fast speed.  The time and date are the best I recall. I was moving from Georgia to California at the time so the exact date was recored by the rental.;32.2333;-107.7453
 ((NUFORC Note:  Helium-filled heliostat.  PD)) The shape-shifting object danced around at various speed, height and direction.;2005-04-07 17:01:00;20 minutes;The shape-shifting object danced around at various speed, height and direction.  No man made object could fly like this. The object was sighted from our moving car on US HWY 10 E.  The object was sighted in the southern direction against the sky and some sharp hills (or mountains).  It was dusk so the light was dissapating. At first we noticed a black spec in the sky miles away that seemed to be moving.  The object would seem to hover, then accelerate at abnormal speed, slow down and would rapidly change direction at high speed. At times it would dissapear, then we would see it again in a different spot, at a different height.   The object then appeared to be silver and more football shaped. The object was literally shape shifting as we watched. We saw tear drop shape, diamond shape, flat shape.   At one point the object faded from view and near its previous location we saw small white orbs dashing away from where it was hovering. I saw approx 3 to 4 orbs shoot out.  They kind of fish-tailed around really fast and then faded.  Then the object re-appeared, silver again and blimp shaped.  It was on one side of these sharp hills in the distance and seemed to be dancing around in all directions, like it was teasing us.   For a while it seemed really close to the hills almost like it was teathered. The hills had to be miles away.  We travelled far enough that we could no longer see the side of the hills that it could have been teathered to and it appeared at the opposite side of these hills.  If this were some sort of blimp teathered to the ground somewhere, it would have been impossible for us to see it from both angles. We video taped the object but because of the color of the sky mixed with us being in a moving car it is almost impossible to see.   We did pull over at a truck stop and I got a picture of it with my digital camera.  At that point the object was fish shaped and did not move. If it were something floating or teathered that high up, surely the wind would have been blowing it around, but it was still, as if posing for us but too far away to see it clearly. After leaving truckstop it did dissapear from view completely as if it stayed near that area.  ((NUFORC Note:  Helium-filled heliostat.  The photo shows the object quite clearly.  PD));32.2333;-107.7453
Shape-shifting/color changing object.;2014-02-11 14:00:00;1 hour;Shape-shifting/color changing object. It looked like a round orb at first.  It was white, standing perfectly still in sky for about 30 minutes, then turned a dark color and started moving while changing shapes for about 5-10 minutes.  Then came to another stop above a mountain south of deming and just stood perfectly still until I lost sight from driving.   After it turned a dark color, it then looked bigger, like it had stretched out.  When it started to move at first, it appeared to shapeshift into a dumbell form, like an exercise weight.  Also, lots of commercial jets flying in the area.  About 20 at a time.;32.2333;-107.7453
