Bright white diamond shaped object, not moving, during daylight, high altitude,other small lights approached it,Deming,New Mexico.;2018-09-04 18:50:00;35 minutes;Bright white diamond shaped object, not moving, during daylight, high altitude,other small lights approached it,Deming,New Mexico. Around 6:50 PM MT, my wife and I were outside of our home in Deming, NM, when we spotted a bright white light, brighter than stars at night time, during day light hours.  The sun was an hour away from sunset and the sun beams were still on the object.  Air traffic does fly in this region but all airplanes traveling were visible and pictures were zoomed in and taken of them as well just to double check every little light we were seeing in the sky.  Many pictures and video were taken of white lights in the sky.  A Canon Power Shot SX530HS was the camera used with a Tripod for stability. I began zooming little by little to keep focusing in on it.  The item appeared to be shaped like a downward pointing guitar pick with smooth rounded edges.  No detail of body of the object, it was solid white.  Smaller red and blue outline around object.  This was not visible without zoom of the camera due to the brightness of the object.  Smaller light objects appeared near the object, som! e going up and some going down and disappearing.  The photographs of these objects came out to be small white round lights.  The regular commercial airplanes that fly in this region were easily able to be photographed and to see that they are indeed airplanes not to confuse them with any of the other lights.  I checked star maps and planet visibility trajectories around our area to see if we were perhaps mistaken a planet but nothing was due to be in the area or at the time of day we were seeing this light object.  The main diamond/pick shaped object remained in place in the sky for around 35 minutes then it suddenly disappeared.  The moment it disappeared my wife and I could hear packs of coyotes howling and yelping loudly, our dogs began barking, and our ducks began quacking very loudly. This bright white object did not twinkle like a star.   Shortly after it disappeared the first star south east of that object started to appear and I took a zoomed in picture of it as reference of how a star looks from that same perspective near the same t! ime frame.  The two are very different.  The object would have been South-West of Deming and South of Lordsburg.  Severe weather had moved into the boot hill region of New Mexico around 4pm.  So the local aerostat was not in flight, the regional weather sounding balloons were not in flight, and it would have been a horrible time to attempt to fly a hot air balloon.  I would estimate the altitude to be between 25,000-35,0000 feet above surface.  However distance was difficult to factor.  Altitude being based off knowledge of cloud heights for the region at that time of day.;32.2333;-107.7453
