I saw a ball of  white light with a green glow drop down get brighter and change direction and speed;2008-03-16 03:15:00;7 seconds;I saw a ball of  white light with a green glow drop down get brighter and change direction and speed My friend was driving and I was in the passenger seat my sister was sitting right behind me and we were westbound toward Deming NM on March 16th 2008 at about 3:15am. the moon was bright and it was a scattered cloudy night. something caught my eye out the passager window toward the north. I saw a green streak of light dropping below the broken cloud cover it was flickering in intensity and saw small white light fragments breaking away and dropping out below it.  I said ohh, ohh, ohh, and was pointing toward it when the green light disapeared and my sister and friend looked where I was pointing. The green streak of light appeared again, but brighter then before. The green light had changed direction and as it started to climb in altitude it start to excelerate. the green streak was like a cheap special effect from the movie TRON and didn’t look like anything burning, but like it was bleeding off steadly.  By this time all of us were staring at the object. It was now visible thru the front windshield of the truck by me and it was rising at an angle of about 30 degrees when there was a whitish flash and then it started slowing down and dropping altitude again. it was flickering in intensiity then the light just went out. This all took place with in a span of 6 or 7 seconds.;32.2333;-107.7453
One black craft, one large white light, and two smaller orange lights west of Deming, NM.;2018-09-04 19:20:00;3-4 minutes;One black craft, one large white light, and two smaller orange lights west of Deming, NM. On September 4, 2018, at 7:20 p.m. in Deming, New Mexico, my wife and I saw a stationary ball of bright white light in the western sky at about 30 degrees.  There we no other stars or planets in the sky because the sky was still too bright.  I thought it was a supernova!   I ran to our shed and got my telescope which is pre-assembled and is covered only by a garbage bag making it always ready to go.  As I looked at the white ball with the telescope, it ejected two smaller orange balls of light.  They were flying in the area below the white ball.  All three objects could be seen with the naked eye. As I was scanning the area near the white ball with my telescope, I saw another object that looked somewhat similar to a Harrier jet.  It was stationary and was facing me nearly head-on with one bright white light in the middle of each wing.  It seemed to be fairly close to the white ball.  We could not see the jet-shaped object without the telescope.  I have no way to tell how large or how far away they were.  After about a minute or two, the jet-shaped object and the big white ball instantly disappeared leaving the two smaller orange balls.  They would alternate between being bright and dim.  The orange balls remained flying around in the same area of the western sky for about thirty seconds before fading from view. This whole event seems to me to have lasted only about 3 or 4 minutes.  If I would taken the time to get my camera and put it on a tripod so I could take some telephoto shots,  I would have missed the seeing the mysterious jet-shaped object.  I have since spoken with three other people who saw the big white object and one small object below the big one!  They did not have the advantage that I had--a telescope!;32.2333;-107.7453
Four glowing lights in the Florida Mountains.;2019-08-15 22:00:00;10 minutes;Four glowing lights in the Florida mountains. I live in Deming, NM, and my boyfriend and his little nephew went up into the Florida Mountains to watch the lights of the city up in the mountains one night.  It was very dark as it was overcast and we had been their watching the town and decided to get out of the vehicle.  We got out, found some rocks to sit on and just started talking and enjoying the night.   As we sat there, we noticed four lights all in a row light up very close to the mountain.  The Florida Mountains have a park you pay to enter, but at the time the gates are locked and no one should be up there.  We watched them for a few minutes and then the lights started moving along the mountain.   At this point we left very quickly because we were scared.  I would also like to mention that this is not the first time that I personally have seen strange lights moving in the sky and around the mountain.  I love relativity close to these mountains.  On the drive home we started talking about the event and we at one point said maybe that they are trying to communicate and the lights to our vehicular device were already on bright and they stared to get brighter.   I also work as a bartender and recently one of the regulars at the bar I work at came in and was talking to some other people and he said that he lives in the foothills on the west side of the mountains and him and his wife regularly see these lights in the nighttime between 12:00 midnight and 4:30 am and he claimed that the frequency is about 3-4 times a week. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));32.2333;-107.7453
 All total, I counted 15 aircraft flying in single file with no audible noise ((Starlink satellites?));2020-05-02 21:00:00;appr. 7 minutes;I was looking straight up in the sky about 9 pm when I saw a very distant faint light similar to a faint star moving NW. As I was watching, I noticed another appear on the same path but very far apart (with both arms extended up pointing with index fingers about 18 inches apart). All total, I counted 15 aircraft flying in single file with no audible noise that I could detect. I tried to take video with cell phone but nothing appears.;32.2333;-107.7453
