Double Ovoid object photographed NE of Deming, NM;2003-12-19 08:35:00;10 minutes;Double Ovoid object photographed NE of Deming, NM December 19th, 2003, my wife and I were eastbound on I-10, having just rolled through Deming, New Mexico. Around Mile 60, I noticed an object in the sky to the South (To the right of what my research shows is Black Mountain).  Watching it as we drove, I asked my wife what she thought is was, we agreed it might be a hot-air balloon at long range. However, further examination yielded the fact that it was slowly rotating in a perpendicular fashion to my sight line. It appeared to be moving generally in our direction, East. I resolved to pull over take a digital snapshot using an HP Photoshot 435 (3.1 MP max), I put it on high quality, pulled over, and exited the vehicle for the shot.  We rolled, and observed this thing pass behind Black Mountain, be briefly visible between the two peaks, and by the time we cleared the mountain, it was lost from view.  After getting home from the holiday trip to Texas, I DL'ed the image from the cam into the Mac, was amazed that the photo bore very little resemblance to what we had seen with the naked eye...thought some sense of the double ovoid shape was discernible in the image. I did some image post to bring the object out a bit, and submit a composite of those shots with this report.  The camera's unifocus is frustrating, because the object was larger to the naked eye...and looked hazy around the edges.;32.2333;-107.7453
anomaly in the southern new mexico sky;2007-07-09 05:05:00;seconds;anomaly in the southern new mexico sky I submitted a report here earlier this week and have not heard back from anyone yet. The reason I'm submiting another report is because since my last report I've found one other person who wittnesed the same event as I did on Monday last. I don't know if you ever got my last report but I will copy/paste it from documents now.........I don't know if this is the right place to submit this but at 5:05 am MDT on Monday, July 9th, 2007, I witnessed an anomaly in the sky. I was outside facing the west when I saw an object move across the sky from south to north. It is impossible to judge the size of this object because I didn’t have a frame of reference for depth of field. It did give me a feeling of impossibly large however. It was also traveling at a speed that would be impossibly fast as far as what aircraft known to me would be able to travel. It was oval in shape on the horizontal and had no noticeable trail behind it nor tail of any kind. It gave me the feeling of being solid and not atmospheric in nature, but I could not describe it on more than two dimensions because it passed my whole field of view in only a few seconds. There is a small municipal airport close by and I know what I saw was not the usual scanning beam that one would see from the airport revolving light.  It was very bright blue/indigo in color with a slight fringe of a lighter almost cream color on its perimeter and was obviously emitting it’s own light and was not a reflection of any kind. As it passed rather low in the western sky from my observation point in southern New Mexico it seemed to have a path that followed the curvature of the earth and not rising in altitude nor was it falling like a meteor might be expected to do when entering the earths atmosphere. As it left my field of view then it appeared to be traveling at about 5 to 15 points north. I am not a UFO enthusiast and have no particular beliefs for or against UFOs. I guess I’m trying to say that I’m not some kind of nut who “sees things”. I saw what I s! aw and c an not explain it nor can I find any source to ascertain explanation at this point on Wednesday two days following. I have left emails with the Weather Channel. com to see if one of their experts could explain it along with an email to U S gov.com to ask for an email address for the appropriate dept. There has been no response from anyone yet. Can you please give me an email address for someone who may be able to explain to me what I saw. Or….maybe you have knowledge of what it was I saw.  There must be other people who saw this. There must be a simple explanation. Thank you for any help you can give me.........and that concludes the copy of the report I sent you earlier this week. About one hour ago I found one other person who wittnessed exactly the same thing I did. I asked him to describe what he saw and it was an exact match to what I put in this report earlier this week and in the copy of it just now. I've sent emails to various government agencies and am not getting any reply when I make request for explanation. I did get one reply form NOAA stating that there were no meteorological events during the time of my sighting.  I would sure like to find someone who will pay attention to me and possibly help me find a source to get the answer for what I saw.....and now of course at least one other person. Thank you.;32.2333;-107.7453
Oblong disk hovering over Deming New Mexico 7/22/18;2018-07-22 11:30:00;20;Oblong disk hovering over Deming New Mexico 7/22/18 On July 22, 2018, I was driving on HWY 26 from Hatch NM to I-10 towards Arizona through Demming and saw the same UFO as sighted on 7/1/18 in the same location.  It was hanging in the sky for at least 20 minutes.  It looked like an oblong disk hovering.  Like a blimp but was not.   I was traveling at least at a rate of 65 mph for over 20 miles and it was just to my left.  When I turned into Deming, I still saw it over the mountain on my left.  When I got onto I-10 it started to quickly ascend straight up into the atmosphere and disappear.  I was going too fast to take a picture but was driving and no safe place to pull over- not sure my cell phone would have captured it well anyway.   I kept thinking, doesn't anyone else see this?;32.2333;-107.7453
