travelling westbound on amtrak.....recorded object on video tape.....never timed it...just guessing....just found your website;1995-05-28 16:00:00;2min???;travelling westbound on amtrak.....recorded object on video tape.....never timed it...just guessing....just found your website while riding west on amtrak...near demming new mexico....i was on the left side of the train looking south....in the distance i saw an object...not sure what it was....hovering in the distance.  took out my video camera and taped maybe 2 minutes of it....never checked how long i taped the object.  the camera is only a 6x zoom so the object is still not very large.  it never did anything more while i was taping it...i mentioned it to another passanger, but he didn't seem too interested in it.  it is difficult to tell the shape very well, but i have shown this tape to some friends and they were at a loss as to what it might be also;32.2333;-107.7453
Huge beam of light comes from sky, no craft of any kind visible that could produce it.;2000-07-20 21:30:00;1 minute;Huge beam of light comes from sky, no craft of any kind visible that could produce it. What is just as important about this encounter is not only what the three winesses saw but what we did not see, please bare with me. I was visiting friends who were staying at Rockhound State park in Deming NM. The night was clear, slightly hazy, and not dark but dusk. The couple I was visiting and I were outside, and I was chatting with one of my friends while her husband stood close by looking out toward the city of Deming as we were talking. Suddenly my friend whom I was not conversing with called out &quotwhat is that?&quot at which point the two of turned to look in his direction, at which time we observed a huge beam of light coming down from the sky not up as one would expect. Yes it was coming down! There was an obvious point of origin, but no visible craft of any kind was observed that could produce the light. There was no airplanes, helicopters, hot air ballons ect that could be seen only a very translucent whispy small cloud. I would describe the light as being orangish yellow in color, very intense, and wide. Its hard to estimate the width of the beam but it was easily as wide as any spotlight I've ever seen. The light originated from an elevation of approx 1000 to 1500 ft, again hard to determine exactly. What was just as strange is the light just slowly fizzled out, not at all like a light switch that had been turned off but just fadded away until it was no longer visible.   I have had several other experiences in my lifetime but this one is by far the most unusual and I believe unique.;32.2333;-107.7453
Black, hovering object over the mountains of New Mexico;2012-01-01 17:43:00;18:04;Black, hovering object over the mountains of New Mexico My husband and I were traveling along highway 10 in New Mexico near the city of Deming.  We noticed a black, airborne object that seemed to be hovering in one spot above the mountains. We figured it was a helicopter, or weather ballon, but realized it was neither of these things as we got closer. It appeared to be in motion, but did not move very fast. The sun was going down, and as it got darker, we saw that the craft did not have any lights. That is how we know it was not a helicopter or airplane, as both of these would be required to have lights on at night. My husband is in the military, and he works in the aviation department. He informed me that every aircraft, military or not is required by law to have proper lighting for nighttime flight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));32.2333;-107.7453
HUGE black stationary aircraft with unknown shape south of I-10 near Deming, NM.;2014-11-29 17:20:00;30 minutes;HUGE black stationary aircraft with unknown shape south of I-10 near Deming. My girlfriend and I were on I-10 west.  For several minutes before saying anything (I was reading out loud, oblivious) she kept her eye on a craft she saw over a mountain to the south of us.  This was about five to ten miles east of Deming.  She pointed it out this thing isn't moving. The craft was large, black with a shape we could not define.  Hot air balloon?  Definitely not.  Blimp?  Nope.  Helicopter?  Maybe.  If it was a very, very, very large helicopter remaining stationary for an incredible length of time.  We watched this thing closely.  It was at least two hundred feet above the peak of the mountain but we could not discern how far south (how far away from us) it was.  We were certain, though, that it wasn't moving.  Not up nor down and if it was moving away it was doing so at an amazingly slow pace. We passed the mountain to see that it was avidly quite far from the mountain and closer to the town of Deming.  We exited a few miles up and attempted to head south in the town to get a closer look.  At this point the sun was going down quickly.  It wasn't until then my girlfriend claimed see some light flashing on the craft every so often, something we hadn't witnessed from the craft even though airplanes nearby were lit up for a long time before this. Now it finally appeared to be moving further south of Deming at an extremely slow pace.  We decided to return to I-10 and were able to keep our eyes on it until we drove too far away in the darkness for any further visibility. I will add that at certain points  we were witnessing  what appeared to be two pieces of the craft sort of pulling slightly apart and coming back together.  I rationalized that if it was a large military chopper it could've been shifting position and we were seeing it angle the propellers toward then away from us.  If I'm being totally honest though it looked much stranger than that.  I also felt as though I was seeing an aura or field of sorts around it, but that could simply have been my mind playing tricks with the sky around the craft. All in all we watched this huge craft essentially hover with no lights for over thirty minutes near Deming.  We have some crappy phone cam footage.  Would really like to get into contact with others who seem to have witnessed something similar near Deming! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));32.2333;-107.7453
