I saw the November 16th event.  To me it was a fireball.  It moved from west to east.;1999-11-16 19:00:00;15-20 seconds;I saw the November 16th event.  To me it was a fireball.  It moved from west to east. I was running in the park.  There were no street lights.  I do wear glasses for near-sightedness and was not wearing them.  I looked up to check the traffic and the object caught my eye.  I was alone.  A car did pass by when I was looking.  There was a fireball in the sky.  It had a long tail.  Holding my hand at a distance, the tail was longer than my hand.  The main part was throwing off debris.  They quickly burned out.  There were two smaller objects trailing the main object.  They were keeping pace with the main object.  In respect to actual meteorites the object appeared to be moving rather slow.  The object did not change direction at all while I was watching it.  It appeared to be a natural, though rare event.  There was an event filmed at a high school game in Pittsburgh several years ago, that this fireball reminded me of.  It would be interesting to see if it came down anywhere on land.;41.3197;-81.7538000000003
Firelight in the sky, approaching very fast then flaming out.;2012-06-23 22:30:00;ten minutes;Firelight in the sky, approaching very fast then flaming out. On June 23rd at 22:30 I observed a fire ball approaching me from above the neighbors house, from the east. I was getting into my truck. I called to my wife who was moving a car out of the driveway. I thought at first it was an aircraft engine fire, yellow flames, almost like a campfire in the sky. The fire light went to about 45 degrees past us then flamed out.  About thirty seconds later I noticed a second ball of light(firelight) approach from the same direction.  It too move passed us then flamed out. I went into the house and told my daughter to go out and look and a third went past and went farther west then flamed out.  Suddenly a fourth ball of fire approached at about the same path and it burned out just above us.  My daughter noted at that time that all of the dogs in the neighborhood began to bark. Immediately after the fourth burnout a fifth approached and also burned out above us, about thirty seconds later all of the dogs quit barking. These appeared to be lower than normal airplane traffic and above the helicopter that transfers from one hospital to another several times a week. I am ex Air Force and I know what all types of aircraft look like. These were large flaming balls , no aircraft lights, red, green or strobe. A truly majestic sight to see. The best I can explain is that it looked like a distance campfire, but in the sky, moving faster than normal aircraft. Location, Albion Road, North Royalton Ohio 44133, moving east to west just south of Albion road.  The last object I looked for red and green lights and strobes but none were present. I have never seen aircraft like these and there were aircraft in the air that night that were clearly airplanes.;41.3197;-81.7538000000003
