Large object with lights at tree top level.;1984-02-01 21:00:00;~1 minute;Large object with lights at tree top level In winter of 1984, I had a sighting of a craft as I was travelling along US321 to visit my girlfriend who lived in Hilda, SC.  I don’t recall the exact date but it was later in the evening (probably between 8 or 9pm) when I left Columbia by myself.  I was driving down US321 listening to music when I noticed a bright white light in the distance shining in my direction at tree-top level to the left of the road I was on.  At first, it didn’t really register and, in the back of my mind, I thought “Wow, that is a really low plane”.   As I got closer, I realized that it couldn’t be a plane since it wasn’t moving.  I also saw that it was not a single light but what appeared to be two large round lights shining straight ahead like large car headlights with a smaller single red light moving back and forth between them.  I would estimate that each “headlight” was probably at least 10 feet in diameter.   As I passed the object I could see that it was hovering at the edge of a f! ield about 150’ in the air with the two headlights shining straight ahead over the trees. It was very dark and I was trying to look at it as I passed but could not make out the shape or size of the craft as I passed it, only that the lights were big enough that they had to be attached to something fairly large in size.   The object did not move and I did not hear any noise at all coming from this craft but my windows were up and I was listening to music. I almost ran off the road looking at it as I drove by.  As soon as I realized that I was not looking at any type of conventional aircraft,  I became very alarmed and sped up.  Even though it was dark,  I made it a point to look around in an attempt to find a landmark to locate the spot later on my way back home.  I noticed that I passed a house on my right across from the field where the craft was hovering.   Also, another vehicle passed me going in the opposite direction within a minute or so after I sped up so I am fairly certain ! someone else witnessed this object.  When I got to my girlfrien! d’s hous e, she was sleeping on the couch waiting for me.  I was very excited to tell her about what I saw but she dismissed it as an airplane or helicopter.  When I explained the details of what happened and why this could not be either of those, she said that it was probably a fire tower and that several of those towers were located in the fields on that road. I was fairly certain that it was no fire tower and, on my trip back,  I paid close attention to see if there were any fire towers in the fields. In the daylight, I did spot a fire tower but it was on the left side of the road as I was returning. It would have had to have been on the right side (same side as object I saw) as I was coming back in order to have been the object that I saw.   Further down the road, I found the house that I had noted and the field that I had spotted the object hovering over.  There was no tower in that field and I did not see anything out of the ordinary at that time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));34.0409198830417;-80.9708038277536
The three craft where flying with very little sound,  low and slow.;2003-02-13 19:30:00;1 minute;The three craft where flying with very little sound,  low and slow. This observation involved 3 aircraft while walking from my car to the house. From the east and also the direction of Ft Jackson I observed 3 groupings of lights in perfect formation, flying very slow at an altitude of approx 1500 ft with only the faintest stir of jet engines.All 3 had several bright landing type lights on and were super quiet for the slow speed and altitude. Just before approaching my location all three begain a perfect 90 degree right turn. As they rolled I noticed the plane closest to me banking and its wings had the normal light formation of green-right red-left as did the plane on the far side but the craft in the middle was different. It had green lights in the front and the back with what looked like a line of white lights from nose to tail similar to an airliner with cabin lights on. I could not make out any shape but also could not percieve any roll or change of the lights as would have occured in banking and leveling from a greater than standard rate 90 degree turn.  Also, I work at an airport so I know approach speeds and all three of these were traveling amazingly slow and quiet and also away from Metro. You will probably note that this was the same time as the code orange situation.;34.0409198830417;-80.9708038277536
Unusual Aircraft flies low over Columbia SC;2016-09-22 02:02:00;20 seconds;Unusual Aircraft flies low over Columbia SC I am currently sitting in a parking lot in Columbia, SC, and I just witnessed a type of aircraft extremely unusual in size and pattern of flight.  It had a green figure of eight lights as if it had parpellars with LITTLE TO NO SOUND.  Visibility was bad due to light pollution.   Very unnerving, as I am someone who does not believe in this type of thing.;34.0409198830417;-80.9708038277536
Large object (larger than a C-130), Unbelievable Speeds, Bright White light that shifts into different color lights, No Sound;2017-04-18 00:00:00;5 minutes;Large object (Larger than a C130), Unbelievable Speeds, Bright White light that shifts into different color lights, No Sound At about 2400 hours, I witnessed a bright white light hovering over a house in my neighborhood.  I was sitting on my front porch listening to music, and since I like to listen to aircraft passing, I decided to pull my headphones off.  The strange thing was that there was no sound.  This light was hovering over that house for about a minute or so.  The light was very bright, but oddly enough, not so bright that I couldn't look directly at it.  I'm located in the Columbia area, and I could tell that I was facing north when looking at this object. That bright white light shut off.  What replaced that bright white light was a green and red light pattern.  It's difficult to explain, but the lights appeared to be one and the same, and yet separate at the same time.  This craft still didn't move and I could tell because it didn't appear to be getting bigger or smaller.  I couldn't make out the exact shape of the craft, but I could tell it was big.  It was like looking into the dark to see a blurry figure and you can't tell the exact shape but you can tell how big or small it was.  This thing was huge. I'd say it was the size of a C-130. About 20 seconds after the bright white light changed to the green and red light combination it shot off to the East at a speed that was ridiculous.  This was weird because it went from a stand still, to shooting off at such a fast speed.  There was no build up to the speed.  That kind of maneuver seems ridiculous because that has to be technology I've never seen before that allows an aircraft to go from a stand still hovering position to speeds I haven't seen fighter jets match.  It didn't make sense how fast this thing was, and yet there was still no sound. I couldn't believe what I saw so I stood up and looked around for neighbors.  I spotted one such neighbor who happened to be an Air Force veteran and we talked a lot because I'm an Army veteran.  I asked him if he saw anything weird.  He told me that for several nights he saw the same thing.  He too said there was no sound to this aircraft he was witnessing.  He said it didn't seem like a drone because drones don't move like what he saw and he thought it was weird he never heard any sounds coming from this object. I decided to call Shaw Air Force base.  I got in contact with the command post.  They said they didn't fly anything over my area.  They got me in contact with McIntyre Air National Guard base.  They said it could have been an Apache helicopter with whistle mode engaged.  Now I'm no expert on Apache helicopters, but I have ridden in one before, and I've seen the so called whistle mode in action.  That doesn't eliminate all sound nor does it explain the speed I saw.  Even the person I was speaking with couldn't explain why this thing was so unbelievably fast. I'm not sure what I saw.  I don't know what I saw.  I just know that I'm a combat veteran who was deployed to Kandahar Air Field (KAF) and I've seen all sorts of aircraft. I've never seen anything like this before.  That speed, the way the lights were so weird, the fact I heard nothing and the fact that the outline of this thing looked a heck of a lot bigger than an Apache is something I cannot explain. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length via telephone with the witness, and he seemed to us to be quite eloquent, and serious-minded.  We suspect that he is an excellent witness, and that his report is highly reliable.  PD));34.0409198830417;-80.9708038277536
