Yellowish/orange sphere seen by 4 police officers in East Tn;1994-10-31 21:00:00;15 minutes;Yellowish/orange sphere seen by 4 police officers in East Tn On 10/31/94 while on patrol with a reserve police officer in my patrol unit, I spotted what looked like a bright star on the western horizon, I  looked at my partner for the night and joked about seeing a UFO. We had been to the city water plant to check that nobody was parked there. The water plant was located on a dead end gravel road.   As we sat at the end of the gravel rd.and the main road the light began to grow.  The object that had looked like a star was now a yellow/orange sphere getting larger as it came toward us. I radioed the other car that was on patrol with us and asked them to come to our location.  In a few minutes the other patrol car can speeding down the road, and the object by this time was nearing us wasnt traveling very fast. It looked to be maybe 500-800 feet above the ground and looked to be about as wide as one lane of the road, it made no noise and had an object that moved back and forth on its top, kind of like a weird radar dish, but the moving object was curved over the sphere not open like a normal radar dish and did not appear to be attached to the object.   The second patrol vehicle came down the road and rolled to a stop and the driving officer came out of the car holding a mag-light flashlight shining it on the underside of the object.  He ran down the road shining his flashligh on it. Just below where we were the road split and made about a half mile, to a mile circle with a large amount of trees in the middle, so we all decided to each go one way and meet on the other side.  So I went straight and the other unit went left and we met on the other side, but the object had disappeared.  Then it hit me....I had a dash video camera looking right out of the windshield and never thought to turn it on.   To this day, the other 3 witnesses will not admit they saw anything...even though one of them chased it down the road on foot shining a light on it.  Dont have a clue what is was.;36.0776;-83.2998
