Witnessed a cylinder shape object, very close, moving slowly, deep humming sound,  illuminated portals showing mechanical rooms.;1976-07-27 01:00:00;10 min. ??;Witnessed a cylinder shape object, very close, moving slowly, deep humming sound,  illuminated portals showing mechanical rooms. Event Location: On Farm about 1 mile North of Cowley, Wyoming  I was 27 years old, mother of  three small children.  I was sleeping and began dreaming of an airplane, it was flying closer as the sound grew louder until it flew through the window.  The dream was so real, it startled me fully awake, then slowly coming to the realization the sound was still there.  From our farm looking west, B-52 bombers could frequently be seen flying quite low in a north-south direction.  What I was hearing was consistent with a large group of low flying heavy bombers directly over our house going East to West. I went outside and stood on the steps looking up and to the west.  It was a moonless night and the only lights were the millions of stars seen in the clear Wyoming skies.  I could detect a smooth flying motion overhead moving west, and the sound remained a constant deep droning/humming sound.  I continued to watch still thinking it was a large number of large airplanes, but I was curious why they would be flying in such close formation so late at night and in the middle of nowhere. It was unusual, but thought they must be moving a fleet to the West Coast following the end of the Vietnam War. I wondered how many there were as I could not distinguish individual shapes, so I began looking intently for indications of wings and lights that should be at least on the tips.  I could detect no wings, no lights, no silhouette of a wing shape.  All the while the massive  object continued slowly on its westerly trajectory.  There were no lights either on the craft or in our yard to help illuminate to assist in giving a better indication of size, color, material, shape, and distance. As I continued to watch, a portal came into view.  It was in the underside of the craft and illuminated with a soft florescent light.  Over the years, my memory has become a little fuzzy on whether the color was green or blue, but it was a very pleasing color to the eye, not harsh and I lean to it being a pretty blue florescent.  The light made it easy for me to clearly see inside the portal. What I saw was an immaculate mechanical room.  There was what looked like a large boiler with pipes connected to it.  Everything was the same color, but the shapes were very distinct and familiar.  Very Earthly.  I continued to watch as the portal slowly moved out of sight.  It was interesting that the light was obviously very bright and illuminated a large room, but did not extend outside the craft.  After the portal passed from view, I could no longer detect where the portal was.  There was no glow of light emanating from beneath the craft.  I continued to watch, and after a few moments another portal came into view.  The light was the same and the room’s contents appeared to be identical to the first room seen.  Another mechanical room, with an identical “boiler” and connecting pipes.  Everything I could see appeared identical to the first portal. I continued to watch trying to see any details that might be visible, but it was so dark the shape was determined more by the absence of the stars.  It was long and cylindrical, there were no sharp edges.  I had a clear view to the West for about 15 to 20 miles.  The craft was so close it shut out all of the night sky as I looked north and most of the night sky as I looked west.  It was very low, but not able to determine exactly how low, and traveling very slow, but not able to indicate how slow except that I was able to get a very good look inside the portals.  So, maybe between 5 to 15 MPH.  Again, there was never a change in the sound, it was a continuous deep, humming or droning sound.  I never changed my opinion about it being consistent with large airplanes flying over head.  It was flying level in a true East to West direction.  I never saw the beginning or end of the craft.  What I did see was larger than a football field, but did not see the craft in its entirety. ! There were no unusual odors, no unusual wind movement, and there was no disturbance of animals (cattle, dogs, etc.) that I was aware of.  Everything was silent except the sound indicated. I started to become uneasy, even a little frightened and decided to go back inside.  My children were sleeping and I was just beginning to understand that what I had been watching was very extraordinary and there was nothing in my reference that explained it.  I sat quietly in the living room, did not turn on any lights to look at a clock, and just waited for it to pass. I did not look out the window, I did not want to do anything to bring attention to myself, our home, my family.  I continued to hear the sound for sometime after I went back inside and was relieved when the sound finally ceased.   I do not remember that the sound faded away as planes would as they went into the distance, rather it just stopped and became quiet.  I do not know the total duration, but it was several minutes from the time I first became aware of the sound in a fully conscious state to when it finally ceased. I did not tell anyone about this experience until some years later.   I looked for something that would explain what I had seen in logical terms.  I married a retired Air Force Pilot with thousands of hours flying time and over 4 millions air miles.  We attended many military air shows together, and I would look for anything that resembled what I had seen.    Over the years I never saw anything remotely like what I had seen years earlier.  My husband Bill was the first person related my experience to, followed by my children after they were grown.  I have also since told a couple of my siblings.  I told my brother after he related an experience he and my mother had with light orbs following them on a deserted highway traveling late one night in Wyoming. This is the experience I had as I remember it and choosing to report it officially while the details are clear.  It occurred on a moonless summer night, approximately 27 July 1976, probably after midnight.   I am positive of the year, the month was most likely July, but may have also been June.  My young brother was in the hospital in Billings Montana when this occurred.  The window of possibility is indicated below. New Moon in May 1976 - 29th  - 1st Quarter June 5th New Moon in June 1976 - 27th  - 1st Quarter July 4th New Moon in July 1976  - 29th  - 1st Quarter Aug 2nd   Credibility Factor:  I was 27 years old at the time of the occurrence with 3 small children.  I remarried a Air Force officer and pilot with a distinguished career.  I am a college graduate with High Honors.  My career was in finance, accounting and government finance. My work titles were Assistant Treasurer for a local large municipality and Executive Director of a Consortium of Cities and Counties where I managed Millions of $$ in Federal Funds, and Management Analyst.  I have been a long time contributing member of my community and believe, well respected. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));44.8873;-108.4614
