Bright silent craft with no navigation lights slowly cruises across the night sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS??  PD));2011-09-01 18:45:00;3 minutes;Bright silent craft with no navigation lights slowly cruises across the night sky Traveling NW to SE a very bright light was observed for about three minutes flying very smoothly across the sky.  Two airplanes were observed during the sighting cruising in other directions. Both airplanes had very visible red and white blinking navigation lights. No visible blinking lights of any kind for navigation were observed at any time from this particular craft. It was under some form of propulsion.  It traveled slowly and steadily across the sky, and at one point intersected one of the airplanes that was traveling from S to N.  The plane was obscured from sight for a moment as the craft passed below it. I clearly heard the engines from the airplane as it passed overhead, but there was never a sound that came from the other craft.  It continued in it's southeasterly track until it was a distant light, yet still bright. Suddenly it became less and less bright, almost invisible for about fifteen seconds.  Then it became bright again, and slowly went off steadily to the southern horizon where I lost sight of it.  Very unusual and unexplainable.  Left me wondering.;41.5694;-70.6152
12 silent orange lights;2013-07-14 22:20:00;1 hour;12 silent orange lights. On Sunday July 14, 2013, at approximate 2220 hours while in my home watching TV, I noticed through my sliding glass door which faces west, several orange objects fly in a single path from west to east.  This parade of identical objects appeared at intervals of approximately every 2-3 minutes traveling in the exact same manner as the proceeding object.   To get a better view, I stepped outside of my home.  Visibility was unrestricted, the wind was calm and all was silent among the bright stars.  I was unable to hear any sound from the objects unlike normal air traffic.  The flight path of the objects from the westerly horizon was approximately 45 degrees increasing to approximately 60 degrees as they traveled east. The objects were a solid orange.  There did not appear to be any detectable mass with each light.  After observing this pattern continue for approximately ten minutes and seeing approximately 5 or 6 objects, I decided to get in my car and drive to the waterfront which is approximately ½ mile from my home for a better look. Upon arrival at West Falmouth Harbor, just inside of Buzzards Bay I observed the parade of orange lights continue from west to east.  There was a bright street light at the dock where I stood that did not impede the distinct orange lights.  I observed one cluster of two orange lights side by side in the parade of single lights for another 15-20 minutes. In hope of a better view and to triangulate the path, I drove to Chappaquoit Beach which is approximately 1/2 mile south of the harbor dock and was unable to see any objects so I then drove north to Old Silver Beach and was unable to see any lights.   I then returned to the dock at West Falmouth Harbor and spotted 2 more orange objects. During the course of an hour, I spotted a total of approximately one dozen similar orange lights.;41.5694;-70.6152
At 3am, noticed this strange light, which looks like a bright star.  My BR window looks due E.  ((NUFORC Note:  Planet?  Planet?  PD));2016-01-27 03:00:00;30 minutes;Sporadic sitings over the past few years of the same object/event.  My bedroom window looks due East.  At 3am I noticed this strange light, at first glance it looks like a bright star.  It appears motionless, but you can tell it's most certainly not just a star, plane ect...It's movements are erratic, quick movements up, down, left, right.   It appears to radiate light, white light, bright to dim at some points, but always visible. From my viewpoint, it appeared to be mpvng from South to north, making very fast, erratic movements in all directions as it made its way below the treeline out of my site.   Again, I can't figure out what the hell it is, I've seen it multiple times, its movements are unpredictable. ((NUFORC Note:  Planet?  Planet?  PD));41.5694;-70.6152
