An object with flashing lights moving at a very slow rate of speed over a tree line.;1995-04-10 00:30:00;2-7 minutes;An object with flashing lights moving at a very slow rate of speed over a tree line. It was approximately 12:30 am in the month of April 1995.  I was sitting in my patrol unit when I observed over the tree lines a very large object the size of a military cargo plane (wing span) moving at a slow rate of speed.  The object was not a thin disc, but appeared to be 2-3 stories in height.  It made no sound and its speed was too slow to be an airplane.  It moved about 5 mph.  From the position I was in it was moving in a North East direction toward the college.  The object had blue, red, and white lights across it flashing and rotating.  I can remember watching them mesmerized at the fact that it was coming towards me.  I never lost eye contact with it, but I did lose time.  While I was watching it move closer, I did not notice that a tow truck driver had pulled up next to my unit.  He banged on his driver side door to get my attention.  He wanted to know a certain apartment complex.  After answering his question, which only took a minute, I looked back at the tree lines and saw that the object had disappeared.     At its speed it should have moved over the college.  I drove around the college and down the bypass looking for the object.  I went in a North and Southern direction.  There was nothing in the sky.;29.4085;-95.2498999999999
I saw a Silver space ship rising into the early morning sky over Houston, Texas.;2008-11-17 06:30:00;10 seconds;I saw a Silver space ship rising into the early morning sky over Houston, Texas. My first and only report from Liverpool, Texas was begun with the statement ‘Three large round objects lined up along Hwy 35 and an identical object followed me home’.  Two weeks after I posted that as I was leaving my home on my way to work.  The sun had just come up and there were scattered clouds high in the sky.  I glanced up as I noticed something that glistened in the sky and I saw what I can only describe as a space ship.  It was silver, domed top and a fin on the back.  It rose into the sky, hesitated in between the clouds and then sped off so quickly as if to disappear from sight.  I would say that it was over Houston Texas or just south of there.  I keep wondering what it possibly could have been doing during the darkness of night.  I thought it strange how much it looked like the old Sci-fi movies space ships. The circular object that I saw in our subdivision on my previous experience still appears in the sky and has not left.  I watched until late that night as it moved slowly up into the sky.  It always seems to be in the sky and appears before dusk long before any stars are visible.  As I drive home from work it gets closer, appearing larger.  Stars don’t do that. One night it came down very close over our home and appeared almost as large as that first night that I saw it.  It seemed very threatening. We went 7 hours north of our home to Brownwood Texas and just before dusk I looked into the sky and there it was.  I nudged my husband and pointed at it and he nodded.  We left Brownwood Texas the next morning at 5 am.  As we were driving south there were several strange light formations in the night sky along with the circular object. A co-worker even asked me if I had seen the strange light that appears before dusk.  She said that she began seeing it just before Thanksgiving and it could not be a star since it appears so early and sometimes seems to get brighter as dusk falls. I’d prefer not to be aware of these things as I am becoming very concerned and would like to know what is going on.   Are they just observing us or is there something else?   My husband and I are both college-educated people and not easily spooked, but I don’t feel safe.  I’m scared and I need answers. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));29.4085;-95.2498999999999
Animal mutilation?;2009-07-07 05:30:00;30 minutes;Animal mutilation? One of my cats had been gone for a couple of days.  He did that from time to time, but after three days I became worried and called for him off and on throughout the day.  Early the next morning just as the sun was beginning to rise, I noticed something dark in the grass near the road.  The form was not there the night before.  Since he was a black cat I thought that he might be sleeping there.  I began walking down the driveway calling his name.  I had a flashlight and shone it on the dark form in the grass.  At first it looked like a pile of leaves, but as I walked around the form I could see his face.  He was covered with live oak leaves.  We don’t have live oaks in our yard, but there are live oak leaves all over the ground of the empty lot across the street. The sun was getting brighter and I could see that my cat was missing a lot of hair and I could follow a trail of tufts of his hair that led back across the street to the empty lot.  It looked like he was dragged across the street with his tail pointing away from the lot making me think that he was dragged by it.  There aren’t any dogs roaming the neighborhood, but I looked at his tail which had become almost entirely hairless to see if there were any bite marks, but I saw none. My cat was missing his left ear and it looked like the ear had been cut off and was still bloody.  I could smell that he was decomposing, so I went to get a shovel to pick him up to be buried.  As I turned him over and his mouth was wide open and full of maggots.  All of his body was covered with maggots, except the ear that was bloody.  I don’t understand why the maggots wouldn’t be in the ear. I would not think any further than it being a wild animal attack, but with no bite marks and the ear was cleanly severed from his head.  I have reported several sightings including the circular object that was in our neighborhood and followed my car down the street, so I suspect that this may not be so simple a death.  I’m not crazy and have thought long and hard about posting this.;29.4085;-95.2498999999999
