Just before snow storm in Barrington  NH, 10+ orange glowing lights moving through sky, making no sound whatsoever.;2018-02-17 20:33:00;~5 minutes;Just before snow storm in Barrington  NH, 10+ orange glowing lights moving through sky, making no sound whatsoever. I stepped outside for a smoke last night at exactly 8:33pm, and when I looked in the sky, I saw a light moving from the eastern sky, moving tward the north, about 20-30 degrees from the horizon.  I then noticed that ther was another one coming up behind it. Then came another, and another, and they just kept coming. They where just bright, orange (almost shimmering) bright lights.  There was no flashing lights, and there was no landing / take off head lights on these.  Then there was two, almost on top of each other, and the one on top moved up and away (much too fast for conventional aircraft) and then I couldn’t see it.  But I could still see the one below it, moving at the same speed as before.   Then, to my amazement, one of these things shot down (out of nowhere) and stopped right on top of one of the lights (that was following the same path as the rest of these) and continued at the same speed as the one next to it.  Again, no conventional aircraft can make t! hese movements. I know how fighter jets, and helicopters move, very well. It was not any of those. Now, I saw these lights just minutes before a snow storm started.  It actually started to snow just seconds after I saw the last light disappear.  So, since it was extremely cloudy, with a very low ceiling, these objects couldn’t have been too far away, and they where completely silent. In fact, it was strange how quiet it became when these where passing by.  I say that, because I live near an Airforce base, and after I saw these objects, I could hear all kinds of military jets flying all around me overhead, but I could NOT see any of the lights from the aircraft flying over me.  The air base is only about 20 miles from my house, and they are very low when they fly over.  It's very strange, that I could see all of these lights, with no sound and then right after, hear jets over me, but not see any of the lights from them. (Just minutes apart) I did take a video with my phone, but it’s very poor in the dark, and you can only see bits and pieces of what I was seeing. After I came back inside,  I went through the video, and at times when my camera picked up the lights, I went through frame by frame.  When I snapped screenshots of the frames where these where visible, I actually captured  blue lights around these orange lights. I didn’t see them when I was out there.;43.2027;-71.0377
~50 white/yellow lights descend in straight line, 3 close lines, spaced out at trailing end, slowly N.  ((SpaceLink Satellites));2019-05-24 11:33:00;90 seconds;Approx. 50 white/yellow lights descend in straight line, 3 close lines, not even, spaced out at trailing end, slowly Northeast. I'm a cardiac nurse, former geography teacher.  I reported 8-10 flashes in Northern sky at 0130 this morning.  I went out for a smoke and to see if there was more activity with flashing lights at 11:30.  Looking at the same area, between the big dipper and North star.  At 11:33 I saw what I though was a trail left by a big meteor, except I hadn't seen any meteor.  It was just below the two end stars on the dipper, pointing approximately North east.  I thought maybe it was a jet trail, but then it started breaking up, and there was no jet.  As it was dispersing it was growing longer, and turned into separate lights, all same brightness.  It probably stretched from the corner of the dipper to the North Star and began moving Northeast.  The lights were in a perfect straight line.  I believe in 3 lines, but not evenly.  They were fairly condensed for the first 3/4, but the last 1/4 they were more dispersed, in no pattern, except in 3 rows, about the width of a c! ouple of jet trails.  Total of about 50, not changing formation or direction or speed, which seemed about the same as a jetliner.  No channges all the way to the tree tops, no sound.  I tried to film it with my phone, but nothing was there, no stars or anything.  I checked intermittently for the next couple hours.  At 01:11 on the 25th I saw 3 lights just like before, only they were very close together in a horizontal row, with one light a few widths back and one width up.  Lower down towards the treetops, same speed and brightness and direction.  Saw another 6-7 flashes and a few little dimming-disappearing satellite looking things after a few of the flashes.  I have never seen anything like it in UFO videos/photos.  Very disappointed that I haven't seen footage on the news, yet.  Memorial day weekend, friday at 11:33.  And lasting 90 seconds or so...  Someone must have captured an image. ((NUFORC Note:  Space Link satellites.  PD));43.2027;-71.0377
