Staggered, colorful strobing lights spotted southwest of Sour Lake, Texas.  ((NUFORC Note:  Convincing video provided.  PD));2017-12-12 18:00:00;3+ hours (over 3 days);Staggered, colorful strobing lights spotted southwest of Sour Lake, Texas. Forgive the rushed nature of this sighting, I will submit a more extensive report soon. Beginning on December 11, and as recently as last night, December 13, a series of odd lights were observed to the west-southwest of our town’s high school. Just above the treeline, these lights varied in number from one to six, merging with each other and splitting apart at seemingly random intervals.  At times there was only a single light, at other times up to six lights, slowly bobbing around into different patterns.  My sightings occurred on December 12 and 13, after hearing about the occurrence from a family friend who had seen them on the 11th.  The lights appear at about 5 pm to 5:15, and stay for hours, the latest I have observed was still hovering at 8:15 p.m.. The lights themselves had the general appearance of large stars, but would bob around.  In a few instances, the lights multiplied into 5 or 6, and took on the shape of an obtuse angle, with one arm shorter than the other, as if a clock was reading the time 3:50.  These lights would take on seemingly intentional color schemes, with some appearing to strobe predominantly cool colors, others flashing warmer, bronze tones, and one that remained white-hot throughout. It should also be noted that over the past three nights, a large group of conventional aircraft, numbering from six to eleven, can be observed circling the area, never venturing too close to the lights.  Most appear to be airplanes, a few may be helicopters.  Apparently, both the lights and planes have been observed by citizens of the nearby town of Nome sporadically since the end of Hurricane Harvey, the devastation of which ravaged this area quite badly.   The area over which the lights seem to be hovering is seemingly inaccessible, and is most likely either rice farms of oilfields.  I plan to return tonight and every night until these lights cease. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness on two occasions, and he sounded to us to be exceptionally eloquent and sober-minded.  We suspect that he is an excellent witness, and he captured some very interesting video.  PD));30.1491;-94.3733000000001
