observed six flying objects with no wings traveling very fast in perfect formation.;2010-02-19 14:30:00;1 min;observed six flying objects with no wings traveling very fast in perfect formation. clouds all around in the distance but where I was it was a large clear sky above with the sun shinning.  Talking on the phone while parked on the street, 4 flying craft in a diamond pattern caught my attention over head at a high altitude and traveling very fast.  I'm not sure what I saw but I didn't see wings and they stayed in perfect formation.  So as I was watching the first 4 they disappeared very quickly and about 20 seconds later in the same area as the first 4 I saw 2 more flying side by side at the same speed going in the same direction passed over.  I couldn't tell what color they were if anything they were silver.;34.1681869080777;-118.606922841226
Oval, single craft, 2 white lights, 2 multi-colored lights, within 500 feet.;2011-05-20 22:30:00;5 Minutes;Oval, single craft, 2 white lights, 2 multi-colored lights, within 500 feet. At approximately 10:30 PM, I was reading a novel and drinking some coffee when I felt a strange wave-like movement under my feet.  At first, living in California, I thought I was having vertigo so I stood up and walked around a bit to get the blood flowing, but I still felt the distant rumbling.   At that point I realized that it might be an earthquake.  I've been through the Northridge quake and quite a few others, but it didn't seem too serious so I went back to reading, but after about another 45 seconds it intensified to the point where objects were tipping/moving/falling etc., and typical earthquake events such as car alarms going off and my electricity shutting off.   The shaking was accompanied by what could be described as a military jet flying over very low at subsonic speeds.  This is also a common occurrence due to the numerous air bases in Southern California (Edwards, March Air Base et al.).  At this point I was terrified and so I went outside as I was on! a second story of a building and fearful that it may collapse beneath me (Which would make the first floor even less safe) and when I emerged from the building I could notice quite a few trees shaking on my property as in a strong gust.   I walked up the road a ways (I live in a semi-rural area albeit somewhat close to the city) to my neighbor's house to see if he was okay since he had just began rebuilding his outdoor second story patio and only half of the wood beams had been installed so far.  He was also standing out in the road and he yelled to me as I approached and was pointing at me, but I couldn't hear him over the 'jet noise'.  As I got closer, however, I could make out that he was saying Look. and pointing not at me, but behind me. It was at that point that I turned around and saw what I believe to be a single craft.  The reason I say it was a craft was that it was moving slowly about 300-500 feet off of the ground and the noise was relative to it spatially, i.e. as it passed over the road, moving perpendicular to our view of it, the noise followed it.  It was shaped like two contact lenses attached to one another with the side that would be placed on the eye as the welding point, or what ever.  For the brief time I saw it (about 15 seconds) it appeared to me to have similar mass to about one city block.  There was a multi-colored light on the top and the bottom and two white lights on either side of it.  It moved to where it was obscured from our view by two oak trees so both me and my friend pursued it. When we were underneath the trees we heard the jet sound disappear in what I can only describe as a 'sucking' transition to silence.  It went from very high volume and intensity to an anti-crescendo and by the time we emerged on the other side of the two oaks it had disappeared from sight.;34.1681869080777;-118.606922841226
