The eye may be sometimes decptive but if you get poked in it --it hurts!;2004-05-14 03:25:00;approx.15 min.;The eye may be sometimes decptive but if you get poked in it --it hurts! I live just west of the okefenokee national reserve swamp and am often awakned  during the early morning hours-[no apparent reason]- and in order to return back to sleep I will walk around my property and enjoy the stars. On this night I just happened to look over the St. Marys river between the tree line and noticed a VERY bright reddish orange light from where I was standing at approx. 245 degrees compass heading  moving so fast and erratically that it was at first a blur.  I thought that it was at first a helicopter from the  national guard-[they fly over the river often]- and moving so strangely I thought it was in trouble. The longer I watched though the less rapid the movement became and the VERY distinct outline became apparent. The object still had the same basic colors but was more red on the upper side and lighter toward the orange hue on the lower side. The movement was still jerkyand would move up and down and side to side quite rapidly. The longer I watched the more it seemed to stabilize and at once dropped straight  down. As I continued to watch it rose again and at approx. 200ft. the bottom became VERY white in color and a [what I would call] vortex began to form beneath it and to my eye it looked to be drawing what looked like water withen the vortex rising to the now very stable object. This lasted for about 5min. and as suddenly as it started, it quit! The vortex seemed to expand so quickly it looked similar to when someone would pop a balloon filled with water. The resulting mist expanded and the lighe from the lower side of the objece made a beautiful light show for a few seconds-[under a min.]. This is not the first time I have seen this exact same design of this type. I was raised in the Oceola national forest and as a child with my grandmother we would see these sights often and in many different forms and colors. She reffered to them as Gods lights. I have always believed in the fact that there is something about this we do not totally understand but this was the first time I saw this type of an action-and so close! The object when it performed this action could have not been more than 1/2 mile away and was large enough to be seen with extreme detail and clarity.The depiction in pictures one sees oh this type of craft is perfect in every way. The government with their continuing denial of these objects insults anyones intelligence when they say they are seeing what does not exist. The fact that within the hour of this sighting the military had a sky full if their own <flying> objects. The difference is they were noisy and quite stable in flight. I was in the Air Force [SAC] and have as much time in the air as most private pilots will get in any 5 years and I am more than familiar with most unusual things that are seen and meet no known description, but when something is this close---THERE IS NO DOUBT---what is seen!I have been asked why, if this so common that I don't take photos? You really cannot get one that is clear enough to be able to discern the objects as they appear to the naked eye. Anyone who has tried knows this is so! I just watch and enjoy our visitors antics that I have known for so long. Disbelivers---BELIEVE! There is no problem to see this if you spend any 1 month near this area and observe mostly at night in the early morning hours. The daytime can also be active in the summer months if you have tine to lie on your back and just watch! As a child this was a daily and nightly ritual. It us so. Believe it or not-[to coin  a phrase]!;30.4193;-81.9724
