Rumbling UFO spotted over Placentia, CA.;2002-02-24 21:30:00;10 minutes;Rumbling UFO spotted over Placentia, CA. Lately, in the evenings I am aware of a very loud plane noise that lasts an inordinately long time. The sound is so deep and rumbling that it does not sound like conventional aircraft. The first time I went outside to try and see where it was coming from,I stared up at the sky for almost 15 minutes - but saw nothing. This evening I was leaving my friend's house in Placentia around 9:45 pm. I heard that same noise. As I reached the parking lot, I stared up at the sky and observed two white lights. The lights struck me as being MUCH too far aprt to be the lights on a conventional airliner. It was impossible for me to tell how high this thing was. I didn't see anything in between the two lights. The craft was cruising in a westward direction. When it got about 2 -3 miles away it abruptly switched directions and went south, then it switched again and came back east in my direction. I may have lost sight of it behind some trees, but when I saw it again, it was now two flashing red lights which seemed to continuously change their position in relation to one another. And the lights were not like the type you'd see on a plane, they had kind of a jittery, laser like quality. The two lights became 4 or 5, and were forming various triangular shapes with one another. The way they moved was erratic, not at all in a linear fashion. They seemed to join back together to create one light and headed off in a northeasterly direction. My friend remarked that he had never seen any plane move that fast. I feel that I was lucky to have seen a craft at all, because as I mentioned usually when you hear that loud rumbling noise, you do not see anything that could be creating it. As a matter of fact, my friend's husband was leaving for work one morning recently and heard that same noise, and despite standing there for 10 minutes and staring at the sky,he saw nothing. Sure would like to know what it was.;33.8734951351351;-117.857015675676
