The triangle was black as a hole in the night sky and as large as a football field.;1987-11-15 02:00:00;45 min;The triangle was black as a hole in the night sky and as large as a football field. November 15, 1987, 2AM (time approximate) While returning home from work on a crisp, clear, moonless night, I was travelling east on hwy 50 just north of Gatineau, Quebec(Canada). I passed the Gatineau Airport on my left. It was closed for the night. I was alone in my vehicle and there was no traffic on coming or behind me. Making my way to Buckingham I passed several overpasses encountered on this highway and was approaching the last before my turn off which is about six miles east of the aforementioned airport. As I approached the last overpass I noticed a bright red light just ahead and to my left, about 100 feet off the road and 100 feet off the ground. The size, colour and brilliance resembled the kind of warning light you see on top of hydro towers. I thought this was peculiar because there was a hydro tower nearby but not at that location so I figured it must be a late arrival flying to the Gatineau airport. But it was closed and this was way too far away for a flight to be in a landing pattern anyway, so I slowed down expecting the plane to make a hard landing in the field. I pulled off to the side of the road just west of the overpass, stopped and got out of my car. The field extending north of the highway is fairly level and consists of scrub and weeds for about 1500-2000 feet until it reaches the bottom of a rise in the terrain that goes up maybe 100-150 feet. So looking north is fairly black with no illumination or dwelling in my line of sight  until the horizon which is higher than where I'm standing. The night sky explodes with stars and the milkyway from the horizon up. The red light is in a fixed position in the darkness below the horizon and I'm marvelling at how an aircraft can remain stationary for so long. I look around for possible wind sources to make this happen but the air is still and I haven't been able to make out any kind of outline to put a fix on the aircrafts shape. So I walk across the double highway, down the ditch and up to the fence. This gives me a lower but closer perspective, all the while looking up at this thing to see if I can make its shape. When I reach the fence I begin to think this might be some new stealth vehicle the military is trying out because I don't hear a sound and still can't make out its outline. My eyes becoming more accustomed to the inky darkness I find a hard straight edge that leads up into the sky and then to my utter shock begin to see the staggering size of this thing! I stumble back from the realisation that the inky darkness was part of a craft that was triangular in shape blotting out most of the bluff in the background, the horizon and part of the night sky! What I mistook at first to be just a lack of stars in that particular section of sky was an enormous triangular shape the reached from above and just ahead of me to just below the horizon. The point forward I believe seemed to be to my left bearing the red light under its tip. It was all I could do to see the shape. No details, no one and no sound. You could almost describe it as an absence of light, like looking into a dark hole. Having never heard of flying triangles as possible UFOs I didn't speak of this until 2001 when I read a report about them for the very first time. I was very excited by the facts and descriptions regarding triangles and discovering I wasn't alone in seeing one. When I drove away from the object that night, I contented myself with the explanation that I had witnessed a military exercise of some secret airborne vehicle and always referred to it as such, never even suspecting a possible UFO context. After 45 min I left thinking what a mammoth airplane. Truly football field size as they say.;45.4705410423455;-75.7162438110753
It was a summer night. I was about 13 or 14 years old back then. I went outside on my parent's bedroom blacony (4th floor of an appartm;1990-07-07 21:30:00;20 sec.;It was a summer night. I was about 13 or 14 years old back then. I went outside on my parent's bedroom blacony (4th floor of an appartment) to look at the Ottawa city lights and the stars in general. Then I looked up and saw 3 orange circles, that look like when you turn on your stove to high.  The 3 circles formed a large dark triangle shaped object.  I immediately called my younger brother and he also observed it with me.  It was flying directly above our heads without making a noise what so ever. It looked very large, larger then a commercial air plane but flew to low for a commercial air plane.  I can't say how high it was, but a guess would be 500 to 750 feet.  1 year later, I saw on the Unsolved Mysteries show, a person who submitted a live video tape of a UFO, in Ottawa and it seemed to coincide with the time of year I saw the object.  The video showed a craft that was landed on the ground with a lot of lights, and it's hard to determine if it was triangle shaped. So I don't know for sure if it's the same one... Could be a coincidence or maybe not.  Then later on I did research as I got older and this triangle shaped object with 3 orange glow lights has been seen in different countries.  At least I'm not alone.  Another strange event, but not a sighting, which happened perhaps 5 years ago... Is that I dreamed I was having sexual intercourse with an alien.  Didn't think of it much really.  But then 1 week or 2 later I see a special report on aliens on FOX and in that report, a man was being hypnotised because he claimed he got abducted by aliens and had sexual intercourse with one of them.  They showed what he was describing and that freeked me out really bad and I didn't know what to think. It wasn't one of those deja vu's because I was involved in the intercourse instead of watching it on TV.  Just too weird for me.  Probably not even worth mentionning and don't know why I wrote about it.  I would definitely like to be hypnotised to recall the event I saw that night, in more detailed then what I said here... but I don't see why? ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approxmate.  PD));45.4705410423455;-75.7162438110753
