Three Unknown Sheres  not of this world had a close detailed over view of them will never forget it;1982-08-15 03:45:00;30mins ?????;Three Unknown Sheres  not of this world had a close detailed over view of them will never forget it The day Before going to work to load produce on to trucks I was out side have a water fight with a girl friend at the time and left sneakers out to dry. I woke up at 3:45 am to go to work and went out side to retrive my sneakers and a funny feeling came over me to look up at the sky so I did and when I did I seen the strangest thing that I have ever seen in my life. It was a giant sphere object that was blue in color and had these whiteish transparent humanoid things swarming inside the object. I just froze with a chill though out my body. After snapping out of it I went inside to wake my friend she came outside looked up and froze because their was a two more objects the first one was the same the other and the third was white with a rainbow of diffrent colors. We were both trans fixed on them. Also had time loss. l lived near the ocean . Checked out the objects no projections or clouds or gases called the radio station and had another report of the same sighting from another person was going to report it to the police but they would not belive us. As far as calling the Air Force they would tell us it was some sort of weather ballon. So thats why we called the Radio station. Who do you go to for help in knowing what these are. I was I was very late that day going to work it seems that time was slowed down and while seeing these objects there were no dogs barking or birds chriping it was like a dead calm . I had to go to work eventuly when at work I was reluctant to mention anything about my incounter but Isaid to myself what do i have to lose. So I told two coworkers about the objects that I have seen. they told me they have seen the same objects but from a far distance accelerating at very high speed going up ward. To this day I'll never forget what I have seen I remember it like it happen yesterday and I now know we are not alone in the universe . You have to ask yourself what you belive in like what is god is god human?  Or is god of extraerrestrial origin. Are we the only life forms in the whole galaxies because we don't know where the universe begins or where it ends. One time in histroy people though the world was flat until someone proved otherwise. Some say it imposable to travel to far away planets because it would take forever. But intelligent life would use a diffrent way to travel by manipulating time and space because they are far more advanced than we are. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.2510000000001;-74.0504000000001
Watched a neon blue orb fly directly over head, slowly and silently. Appeared very close but hard to say.;2013-09-19 20:30:00;1 minute;Watched a neon blue orb fly directly over head, slowly and silently. Appeared very close but hard to say. I spotted what looked like a small neon blue and silent spherical object or craft, south of me, over the Asbury Park convention center flying, almost looked to be floating, towards my location, directly over the sand. The orb was headed slowly straight north along the coastline with no deviation. I looked away 4 or 5 times to follow my dog and the spherical figure continued slowly until it was out of sight. Reported to one fisherman on the jetty who did not see it. Also spoke to a group of 4 who did not see it either.;40.2510000000001;-74.0504000000001
