Large object with flashing seen from 3 directions over Circleville.;1994-10-05 19:00:00;30-45min;Large object with flashing seen from 3 directions over Circleville. I had just left the restaurant that my girlfriend worked at in South Bloomfield and headed south on U.S. 23.  As I approached the State Highway Patrol office I noticed what looked two strobe on either side of a third, central flashing light in the distance, beyond the tree line of Cook's Creek Golf Course.  The two strobes would flash 3 times, then the central light would flash once.  Of course I thought it was a plane, as up and to the right of it were more lights that seem to be headed towards it's location. The highway curves to the right just past the golf course, losing sight of it because of the trees.  As I emerged, directly ahead was the lights, sitting completely motionless.  As I got closer to it the lights never changed or moved.  I decided to turned off 23 and onto North Court St. at 84 Lumber and go through town and take ST RTE 56 home.   At this point I was now east of town and as I looked to the west I saw the lights, in the same formation as before. That had me even more suspicious, so I decided to head toward it. I turned onto Tarlton Rd. and headed west. The closer I got the more I could see that it was near DuPont off 23 and was further away than I was willing to drive that night, so I turned south and went the back way home, all the while looking at the lights and they still looked the same from a S/SE view point. But that is not craziest part. My best friend worked 2nd shift and did not come to work till 3:30pm. He had no time at all to talk to those that I worked with, as he worked in a different department. As I was about to tell him about it he turned and said dude, you will not believe what we saw last night. He began to tell me that he and another of our friends who worked with us were headed north (from the south of Circleville), coming from Chillicothe, at almost the exact same time as me. According to him as they approached DuPont they saw something over the factory. They pulled over to watch it and said that it began to come toward them. They described lights flas! hing 3 t imes in a circle under it with a ventral strobe light. This is one of about a dozen different encounters I have heard of in the same location. ((NUFORC Note:  Source indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.5985000000001;-82.9258999999996
