Writer 47 Yrs old located at W.End Henry Cowell Rewdood State Park at my Private Residence 3200 Ft. off the Pacific Coast Santa Cruz, C;1999-07-12 01:10:00;5+mins.;Writer 47 Yrs old located at W.End Henry Cowell Rewdood State Park at my Private Residence 3200 Ft. off the Pacific Coast Santa Cruz, CA watched 4 ufo's triangulate what appeared to be an area of approx. 40 miles quick turns, extream speed estimated to be South Southwestern sky possible over the ocean and mountains as from my vantage point and the estimated distance from me they could have easily move from over ocean to land.  Of the four vehicles only 2 appeared as almost 200% larger than the other two.  The smaller vehicles seems to tags the 2 larger vehicles in a almost regular formation or line of the larger vehicles.  The night was cool and crystal clear with what was unlimited visability, so clear and dark that I could see the gas in the milky way very distictivly, planet colors, etc. I was sitting on the front steps at my home looking at the sky, no moon out, 3200 ft. elev. in the Santa Cruz Mountains.  As I looked over the topsof the trees at some distance maybe 5 to 10 miles out I noticed 4 circular vehicles.  As I watched for the 5+ minutes they appeared to move in quick trangular steps, almost as in a pattern.  I believe the position they moved was in the South Southwestern skies as my view was a southern exposure, always just hugging the tree tops so they would have must have been at an altitude that varied from maybe as low as -2k ft. to maybe +10K ft.  At a noticable lowere left corner these vehicles, not necessarily together, the larger circles (more of a whiteish/blue with occasions of amber in color) would go from this position to a position through my center vision (assuming tht is 3200 ft.) to almost twice that height moving up and right at say 40 to 50 degrees to their top altitude so this is where I beleive they had moved to maybe 10K ft.  Each of the larger disc's would have a trailing smaller disk.  Comparativly looking around -2x smaller than the large disk (they had a more reddish color but at time appeared to stobe and the color became more of a flashy silver or shiney electric blue arcing color) and the smaller vehicles alway followed the larger disc without exchanging from one larger to the other, always staying in an almost direct pattern following the larger disc.  I as watched I thought of what this may be, certainly not aircraft as the speed of the position changes, ratio and excess of position movement was way to complex.  Testing my thoughts on this I watched the larger disc move from )using the lower triangular position above left slightly below the trees but visable throught the tree tops, it would (using the old one-thosand & one, etc. method of counting seconds) move from this position to the top position of the triangle before I could get to to one-thousand...  Accounting for the estimated distance of 5 to maybe 15 miles the fact it would have travelle! d from maybe 2000 or less feet to easily 10000 feet in that time, coverning my visual horizion of say 1/10th these objects were booking some MPH. I heard no noise, no booms, nothing except wind in the trees.  As each disc continued to do this I sat and watch the larger discs move at different points no mirroring no pattern copy but very simular triangular moves, each being followed by the smaller dot as compared to the larger disc the smaller vehicles actually looked like dots, but circular with diamaters.  The smaller dots would at time mirror the larger disc but as a rule they would appear to stray a minor fraction of the larger disc course change and as a rule they appeared to keep varied distances from the larger disc.  No real rules that I could see where the smaller disc would stay exactly in position like a trailer may in the wind, but more like if a rubber band was attached slinging behind.  The smaller dots stayed the larger disc with mainly the same move but at a varied speed, sometime as if to pass it (but never did) and other times as if it was being bungeed in reverse to leave it (but never did) only to follow at diffrent rates back to the larger disc.  As I watched for almost 5 minutes this dance between the 2 larger discs and 2 smaller dots for each larger disc the rate of my counting off the timing was almost always consistant until the very end of the sighting.  As I watched the patterns (triangles) near the end the motions by both started to flatten out this pattern until one large disc trailed off to the right at about 10 to 15 degrees from my horizon, from a dead stop and as I thought of these seconds counting in my head, the departure off and up into the horizon was so fast my count was like one...and it was gone with the dot.  The second large disc and dot stayed around for about another 30 to 45 secs. and it appeared to dash off straight in my direction, it was not quite as fast of a departure more like the pattern timing but I expected to see it get maybe a bit larger as it came str! aight towards me but it didn't and if it did I am certain because of the speed my eyes and mind probably couldn't determine a size change.  In closing the only other comment is that the larger disc kept the almost bluish/white with an occasional amber coloring, but the dots were always in flux and only seems to go electric blue in color as they reached the apex of that bundged thrust either in reverse or in a forward return motion (like on a bunge cord down the up) as you reach the thrusting end motion.  I sat for may 20 more minutes looking to see if there was any further action and I saw nothing unusual, a few obvious planes, a satellite a shooting star or two, but nothing else that evening.  That's pretty much my report.;37.0011278761061;-122.05089380531
Small, high-altitude reflective object moving steadily to the south over Santa Cruz, CA.;2002-11-01 12:05:00;15 minutes;Small, high-altitude reflective object moving steadily to the south over Santa Cruz, CA. I am a 24 year old waiter and substitute teacher living in Santa Cruz, California.  At approximately 12:05 in the afternoon I went to the curb to take out the garbage.  I heard the sound of an airplane overhead, and I looked up to spot the airplane as I often do.  I saw the airplane travelling along the usual course that I see airliners take, but before I got back to the task of taking out the trash I spotted a strange, small bright light in the sky.  The light was about 45 degrees from the horizon in the northwest corner of the sky.  At first the light looked stationary like a star, but then I perceived it slowly moving towards me to the east.  The object moved very slowly, almost imperceptively.  As I continued to watch the object, it became clear to me that it was moving to the south.  At this point, the object seemed to start moving slightly more rapidly, but that could have just been my perception.  The object seemed very far away and appeared to reflect light much like a star or a satellite.  The object appeared to be circular to me.  About five minutes into this encounter I ran inside to get my phone and called my neighbor who was out running errands.  As I talked to him I continued to watch the object travel south at a steady pace.  Approximately ten minutes into the encounter my neighbor came home and I pointed out the object to him.  He admitted that he found it strange.  He suggested that it was a balloon, but a balloon would not reflect light like that.  Could I have perhaps seen the space station in orbit? This is not the first strange encounter I have had with unidentified objects in the sky.  Please contact me if you can provide any explanation. ((NUFORC Note:  The ISS is not visible during daylight hours, under most circumstances,  and it certainly is not visible from the ground for 15 minutes.  It usually passes out of sight of an observer on the ground within 1-4 minutes.  Moreover, although the ISS was visible over Santa Cruz on this date, it passed over at 04:27 and 06:00 hrs. (local time).  Please see the following URL for details:  http://www.heavens-above.com/passsummary.asp?lat=36.974&lng=-122.030&alt=21&loc=Santa+Cruz&TZ=PST&satid=25544&Date=37554.8333333333&Mag= The fact that Santa Cruz sits on the California coast probably reduces the likelihood that the object was a helium-filled balloon, since it would have had to drift in from the ocean, since the winds apparently were generally from the west at the time of the sighting.  PD));37.0011278761061;-122.05089380531
Three objects traveling west..very cold clear evening. thought were shooting stars, no trails, gold in color moveing so fast, very very;2004-12-02 00:00:00;4 secounds;Three objects traveling west..very cold clear evening. thought were shooting stars, no trails, gold in color moveing so fast, very very fast and effortless. believe gold in color because picking up sunlight on bottoms from setting sun . Airline was in soutwest position of direction of objects path. Two objects changed positions to form a triangle formation then out of sight.;37.0011278761061;-122.05089380531
six orange lights fly over Santa Cruz, CA;2010-05-01 21:05:00;2 minutes;six orange lights fly over Santa Cruz, CA At approximately 9:05 PM on Saturday, May 1st 2010, at my home (of twelve years) located on 38th Ave. in Santa Cruz, CA. United States I observed the following I was sitting on the couch in the living room when I heard my wife yelling’ “babe you gotta see this”, I ran to the side porch and observed two large orange lights that seemed to be floating upwards. My view was obstructed by a tree in my side yard so I ran with my wife to the street where I observed a total of six (6) round, bright orange lights that seemed to be at a very low altitude coming from the North and gaining altitude slowly as they headed south. They seemed to follow each other in more of a floating manner like a balloon, than that of a helicopter or other aircraft. The objects made no sound. I do not believe these objects were balloons because of their size which on a pretty clear night seamed huge. From my perspective they appeared to be about a half a mile away at their closest (about a minute after we first spotted them). And again, (from my perspective) they appeared to be the size of a bus or larger only round and bright orange. I called my daughter and her boyfriend outside with her phone to try and get video but was unable, they also saw the object’s towards the end of the incident. From beginning to end, we probably only observed the object’s for maybe two minutes, but I will never forget those two minutes. As the objects floated upwards they disappeared into high clouds, we also observed some type of aircraft flying towards the object’s as they disappeared. A passer by walked up and said, “Did you just see that, what was it!” we all went inside and expected to see “the lights”, all over the news and internet, but can’t find anything?? Still looking!;37.0011278761061;-122.05089380531
4 red/ orange orbs moved slowly across the sky together disappearing individually.;2012-11-17 17:45:00;5 minutes;4 red/ orange orbs moved slowly across the sky together disappearing individually. Three circular objects were moving slowly across the sky together, red/orange in color without flashing, no noise, under high clouds.  Individually they faded out.  I went inside and then out a minute later and there was one moving across the sky toward the east moving northward.  It flickered a bit and then faded out completely.;37.0011278761061;-122.05089380531
I feel this is probably a new satellite of some sort, but would like to have it on record as a sighting.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  PD));2013-10-29 18:00:00;3 hours;I feel this is probably a new satellite of some sort, but would like to have it on record as a sighting. I called in a report of an unidentified flying object and left a brief message.  We first saw the object around 6:30PM on October 29, 2013.  Location was on the northern tip of the Monterey Bay near Santa Cruz, CA. The sky was clear and this was the only object showing in the sky.  It was very bright and looked like it was slightly moving, but it never went anywhere.  It wasn’t an airplane of any sort.  The object was round.  I have a video I made of it with my Sony Camera 20X lens and it appears to be dancing slightly around, occasionally dipping.  I don’t understand this, because with the naked eye it doesn’t appear to be doing anything. Here’s the curious thing.  It’s now 8:00PM and the object is still in the same place, except it’s moved lower, and I have to assume it’s because the earth is moving, and not because the object has moved lower. Because of this, I feel this is probably a satellite, but I’ve lived here in the same place for the past 14 years and have never noticed it before. I have no background in this type of thing as do none of the other observers.;37.0011278761061;-122.05089380531
