Triangular with chasing lights.;2013-05-08 23:41:00;10 minutes;Triangular with chasing lights My daughter lives 2 houses down from me and I walked down to bring my grandson his medication that was left at my house, it’s about a 30 second walk, and I noticed something in the sky.  It was a triangular in shape with flashing lights that moved in a pattern that ended with all the lights coming in for a slightly longer duration then returning to its regular flashing, which could be described as a slow chase in a clockwise direction.   I stood there staring at it trying to figure it out, then knocked on my daughters door and her husband came out and we watched it for another 3 or 4 minutes and he had to go back in to put his daughter back in the bed.   I was cold and ran back into my house and got my sweater and binoculars and rushed back out to try to  get a better look at it and it was gone!  I scanned every inch of sky and it just was not there!;36.7624;-81.8465
My husband and teen sons were driving on I81 towards Bristol about a 2mi. past the Glade Spring exit and saw from a distance an wha;2014-12-09 06:40:00;1 minute;My husband and teen sons were driving on I81 towards Bristol, about a 2 miles past the Glade Spring exit, and saw from a distance an what at first we thought was a plane because of the lights.  The lights were red and white.  The white light was stationary where the red light was blinking.   Getting closer to the object, we could all instantly tell it wasn't an airplane because it was hovering, closer to the ground than a plane would be, not moving just appeared to be floating in the air.  Not moving.   It was still dark so we were unable to tell the color but could make out its triangular shape as we were passing it. We continued to watch it hover until we were no longer able to see it. We were perplexed and and haven't a clue of what it was that could be at its size and hovering the way it was.  If it wasn't for the hovering we would have never thought anything of it. It was to large to be a drone.The exact size I can't say,but was larger than a single engine plane. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) No, my phone is out of mins it is a prepaid phone.  I am sorry for the confusion.  This is my email address.  I did receive your email yesterday, I didn't know I was to reply to the email.  I promise that this wasn't a hoax.  But understand that you have to take every report with a grain of salt and weave out any misleadings.  I again am sorry.  ((END ADDENDUM));36.7624;-81.8465
