Seen bright light that exceeded several hours from dark to daylight.;2014-03-13 06:45:00;3 hours;Seen bright light that exceeded several hours from dark to daylight Was heading home from work when I noticed a bright light low in the sky which seemed to be following me.   When I turned in my street to my house the light was in front of me and when I got to my house it looked stationary above my neighbors house and to the left a little.   I grabbed my phone and started to video tape it.  It did not seem to be moving and I would notice like a second light flickering occasionally.   I taped for a good while and decided to go get my binoculars and I headed to my back yard.  Throughout the taping you can see the sun rising and birds flying and traffic passing me by.  With the binoculars I could see what looked to be a very brilliant triangular shaped aluminum looking object and could see another object behind it connected by something.   The objects would seem to change shapes like from a triangular to cylinder or flat and shimmering.  Neither object had the same shape.   I video tapped until almost I think 9 am and stayed outside still observing this brilliant light in the sky.  Using my binoculars the object seemed to be going further away because it was getting smaller.  It did not go sideways st all just stayed what seemed to be stationary and only seemed to travel upwards in a very slow time.  Can be seen from my video.   I did take two pictures of the light after daylight came and I was almost finished taping cause my phone was dying.  Can send pictures but video is way too long to upload but very good details of bright light throughout the video.   We live close to refineries and this is nothing to do with them in any way.  Never seen anything like this in Mr my life.  And I have been traveling this same raid for over ten years.  The video is very good quality and pretty long to give hopefully some good details to whom ever can use it.  Thanks. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));29.3980948275862;-94.9513189655171
