Bright Burning Light Half Oval Object and 2 1/2 hours of lost time Sighting in Texas City, Texas May 1973  500 Lights On Object0: Yes;1973-05-01 20:00:00;2 1/2 hours;Bright Burning Light Half Oval Object and 2 1/2 hours of lost time Sighting in Texas City, Texas May 1973  500 Lights On Object0: Yes My friends and I were hanging out in my front yard.  It was May of 1973 in Texas City, Texas.  I was 11 or 12. It started getting dark.  Everyone dispersed after an hour or so.  I stayed outside and set quietly on the grass in front of our new house.  Directly across the street lived a family, I will call Cark. I could see in their front window.  The family was all sitting around the TV. Their family room was brightly lit. Envy welled up in me. I so wanted a normal family life.  My step-father was a drunk.  There was a lot of dysfunction in my house.  I diverted my attention to the sky. It was an unusually cool spring evening with little or no humidity.  The sky was bright with what looked like a trillion stars.  The pollution was non-existent from the refineries that were close by and the air was light and crisp.  I closed my eyes and listened to the sounds of the bugs and distant cars.  All of a sudden there was an abrupt silence that fell over the area where I sat. Wh! en I opened my eyes, I noticed something hovering over the Cark’s house. I couldn’t make out a shape, because it was so bright.  Later I remember thinking that it had a half oval shape.  I remember feeling like I was getting a tan on my face.  I couldn’t move and I didn’t even feel like I could blink.  I tried to open my mouth to holler at someone in my house, but I couldn’t utter a sound.  My mind kept saying that I was not seeing what I thought I saw.  The last thing I remember was a feeling of terror. It seemed like a minute or two had passed and I found myself standing about three feet from where I was originally sitting.  The bright object was gone and the Cark’s were back to watching their family show together. The sounds of the late spring night had returned and I felt a chill go across my body. I turned and ran into the house.  I went straight to the bathroom to wash my hands. I felt dirty and kind of sticky. When I looked up in to the mirror, I saw my face. It looked like I had been at the beach all day long. It didn’t hurt, but I put aloe vera gel on it anyway.  I went in to the kitchen to get a glass of water and noticed that the clock showed the time to be 10:30 p.m. I immediately went in to my room to confirm the time on my alarm clock.  My alarm clock said the same thing.  There is no way 2 ½ hours could have past, I thought. It seemed to me to have been no more than five minutes. I walked around the house to tell anybody, but my step-father was passed out, m! y brother and sister were asleep and mom was at work. Fear overwhelmed me and I ran in to my room, jumped in my bed and put the covers over my head.  I thought about it for a couple of days afterwards. I even asked the Cark boy that was my age, if he heard or saw anything.  He said that he didn’t.  I didn’t think about it again until 1988 when I had an out of body experience hovering over my self and my new baby while we slept in bed.  A bright light came in to the room. It was pitch black outside, but it looked like broad daylight in my room.  The fans stopped and it there was no sound at all.  The next thing I knew,  I was back in bed and it was pitch black dark in my room.  The fans were blowing and I closed my eyes and went back to sleep. In 1990 I had a child and needed a C-section.  After my surgery and recovery the doctor asked me when I had my fallopian tube and ovary cut out.  I told her that I never had that kind of a surgery.  She documented the information and had nurses verify.  When I told my family, they said that the doctor had probably accidently cut them out during the C-section.  I bought the idea.  Since then, I have spoken to friends of mine who are doctors and they said that it was highly unlikely that one fallopian tube and ovary would have been cut out on accident by the doctor.  I have recently been writing in a journal I started in 2006 and as I came up to the 1970’s, my recollection of the May 1973 event became refreshed in my mind.  I did not feel the need to report this until, my 22 year old daughter who I have told the story, told me about a case called Dortery (sp) that occurred in a near by city of Alta Loma, Texas, in the same year of 1973.  I don’t know if there is a correlation, but ! I wanted to give all of my truthful recollection and let the professionals make that determination. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));29.3980948275862;-94.9513189655171
A friend of mine were returning to my moms home in Texas city, after departing his girl friends home in League City Texas.  We spott;2006-08-14 00:00:00;30 minutes;A friend of mine were returning to my moms home in Texas city, after departing his girl friends home in League City Texas.  We spotted two star like lights that followed us all the way back to Texas City.  No matter which road we took or turned onto the two lights were following us.  We sat in the car for about 25 minutes until about midnight talking about what we had experienced.  The sun roof of my friends Dodge Shadow was open.  We were listening to a talk show about UFO's coincidentally at the time of all this that night.  I looked up and saw a very bright metallic looking saucer shaped craft. It made no sound whatsoever at all.  It seemed to float and was descending over us at about a 45 degree angle. It looked to be about 40' in diameter, and was no more than 20 or 30 feet over head.  I was so astonished, I could not even tell my friend who had driven us to where we had parked across the street from my moms home what I had seen.  My friend was looking forward and did not see what I had seen.  When I called out to my friend his name, he looked over at me and acknowledged. I was trying to get him to look up, but it was too late. I caught out of the corner of my eyes the last bit of the saucer descending over the tree tops in the yard of my moms next door neighbors house. I finally regained my composure enough to tell my friend what I had seen.  I told him that he would not believe me.   He replied to me the following:  You are not going to believe what I just saw.  Then he explained that he saw what appeared to have been a flying saucer that headed straight towards us.  It hovered in front of the car, and was also dead silent. It then made an astonishing maneuver and went straight up at an incredible rate of speed.  I told my friend that what we had just witnessed had to be the two points of light that resembled stars, that had followed up all the way from League City.  He told me that we should make a report of what we had witnessed. I told him th! at no one would believe us. I told him that they might want to! have ou r heads examined, and that we did not have any actual proof to confirm what we had seen.  I was not going to go exploring the neighbors back yard in fear of what the apparent Dennison from another world might decide to do to us. The man on the radio said that if you think about extra terrestrial, that they might come to visit you since they know you are curious about them, just as they may be about us. The man said they have an exceptional since of understanding and would know that we mean them no harm, and if we want to see them they would make their presence known to us. My friend and I discussed what the man was talking about all the way from his girl friends house. My friend said that he did not mean them any harm, and that he would like to see them, I told him likewise. So I believe that we got what we wanted to see. My friend and I are night people, and we do not drink alcoholic beverages, or use drugs of any kind.  I was in the military, and I have seen just about eve! rything that the Air Force has that fly's.  What we saw that night resembled nothing I had ever seen before.  The craft I saw had no running lights and just looked like two saucers highly silver luster ed against a clear night background sky.  It shined no light upon anything other than it's self.  I have never seen anything like it before or since. Everything I have mentioned in this report is true and as accurate as I can remember what we had experienced. I do not care about what anyone would think of me anymore. I know for a fact what I had seen, and I know that it was real. I am presenting this to you because I want to make this truth known to the proper authorities. The craft I saw exhibited non of the characteristics listed in the description of features listed below. It was just as I have described it in my explanation here. I remember all the details clearly just as vividly as when it had happened back in 2006. I regret that we did not have a camera to take any phot! os.;29.3980948275862;-94.9513189655171
Glowing ojbect  drops below and returns to cloud cover;2006-11-06 19:28:00;13 Seconds;Glowing ojbect  drops below and returns to cloud cover My wife and I saw a UFO two nights ago while traveling westbound on FM 1764 W. After going over the TX Hwy 3 overpass, the object appeared ~22° to our left and ~41° in the sky.  Estimating the cloud cover to be just under 1000 meters (based on cloud type) and using trigonometry, I estimate that the craft’s location at approximately: Latitude - 29°24'13.23N Longitude - 94°58'28.31W Altitude - 967 meters  The object was an obtuse, almost spherical, oval-shaped object with a only slightly smaller pod at the ‘top’. The object slowly descended just below the nimbostratus cloud cover, hanging in mid-air for ~9 seconds before steadily ascending back into the clouds. Entire duration of visibility may have been 12 -13 seconds.  The entire object emitted a dull, light-grey glow, with a slight aura surrounding the object. I do not recall any further discernable details.  Conditions: Date - 2006.11.06 Time - 19:28 CST Condition - Cloudy Felt like - 68°F Dew Point - 61°F Humid. - 78% Visib. - 10.0 miles Press. - 29.96 rising Wind - From SE 3mph Moon - 98% visible waning gibbous Sunset – 17:30 CST;29.3980948275862;-94.9513189655171
