very strange, unexplainable sound;2008-10-01 20:00:00;2 seconds;very strange, unexplainable sound My boyfriend and I were in my car leaving texas city on palmer highway just passed under I45 a few minutes before. It was dark out and there was no other cars or buildings around. All together the road has four lanes two going one direction and two going the other with feeder roads on both sides. We had just left a pretty busy area but now there was nothing but thick trees around.  We were driving for a few minutes in the darkness with our windows down without talking or listening to the radio when we heard a weird sound shoot through the car behind us.  It sounded like a sound effect you would here in a pink floyd song.  It sounded very sharp and fast like a lazer type noise cutting threw the air. It went from the passenger side where I was to the drivers side behind us and then made a ding.  When I explain it, it probably sounds like something flew in a hit something.  My mom asked, Are you sure someone didn't shoot at you?  Not only is the highly unlikely but a bullet does not make that sound.  A bullet sounds like something cutting through the air, yes, but not like a weird lazer type sound effect.  And the strange ding at the end sounded like something hitting hollow metal...or tapping a glass with a spoon or something.  Also, I looked in my car for any type of object that could have came in through the windows or any kind of damage from som! ething flying in and hitting it and found nothing.  Nor could I find anything that would have made a ding.  When I heard it I thought to myself what the hell? because it was so unexplainable, something I never had heard nor thought I would hear in such a place. I said to my boyfriend, Did you hear that?  And he replied, You heard that too?  I said, Yeah what the hell was it? He had no explanation either.  So of course we went home and told everyone we came across. I am still really confused by the noise, I'm not saying it had anything to do with aliens or whatever but I do know for sure that what I heard was so strange that my boyfriend and I can not even register what it was in our heads.   To me it was like a crazy sound wave cutting through the air with no object or anything just a crazy sound. Something you would hear in a Pink Floyd song.  I have thought of seeing UFO's and ghosts and all the other unexplainable things but I never even dreamed of hearing an unexplainable sound. I could go on all day and never be able to give someone a good mental thought of what it really sounded like because its hard to understand if you didn't hear it.  I never even knew i could hear something like that until that night.  I would love to know if anyone else has ever heard and unexplainable noise. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));29.3980948275862;-94.9513189655171
Saw a gold Y shaped stationary light in the Western sky around midnight.;2016-07-18 23:50:00;30 minutes;Saw a gold Y shaped stationary light in the Western sky around midnight. Saw a Y shaped light in the Western sky about 35 degrees up.  It was gold in color and was stationery.  It was 1/8 the size of the moon.  It was above the clouds because it was hidden by clouds occasionally.   Called a neighbor a mile away and they saw it too.   I was not drinking or smoking anything. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be quite sober-minded.  We suspect that he is a skilled witness, and reliable.  PD));29.3980948275862;-94.9513189655171
