Bright U F O  Sighting East Coast Area NC;2012-12-29 21:40:00;3 minutes;Bright U F O  Sighting East Coast Area NC I opened the back door to sweep out some dust I'd swept up and saw a very bright light coming over the pine trees in the woods directly behind our house. I knew immediately that it was not conventional aircraft as it was a very bright fireball in the shape of a standing bowling pin with all the light contained inside as if it were a see through balloon. It made no noise at all.It even maneuvered as if it was floating along the wind currents a few times but was traveling a fast pace just the speed of a normal aircraft that would fly over though this object was not on any normal path I've seen the regular planes take before.  I jumped outside and ran out to the middle of the yard and watched it coming over to my left. I sprang to the back door and yelled to the wife Come here quick....hurry NOW!!!   She looked out and I had just turned off the outside light also to get a better visual on this object. She cried out…What is that?   And she came outside in the cold to look closer at it and we both watched it travel off until it disappeared either into clouds or some other way.  This whole episode was about three minutes and no more. She said it looked like fire emitting from the object but I missed that running to an open spot to see it better. We both were exhilarated at this sight and we could not wait to share it with neighbors and our grown children who live elsewhere. That's all there is but I'm telling you it was not an airplane or helicopter or blimp or something like experimental craft or rotor or glider or hot air craft. It was bright as a star and quite large. Very freaky to behold and glad the wife could witness this event as it would have been very hard to deal with trying to explain to her what I encountered as I am a close encounter survivor from 1987 and she does not enjoy what she calls an obsession of mine when it comes to UFOs. This for me was a Christmas gift! This is worth reporting as it was really startling and eerie and I would not waste our time if it was not spectacular and needing to be reported.;34.4494;-78.0968
