V-formation or large red lights the size of a football field flying tree top low and silently.;2015-10-08 20:08:00;2 minutes;&quotV&quot formation or large red lights the size of a football feild flying tree top low and silently. I went out my back door just a few minutes after eight pm on a Thursday night to investigate a noise to find it was only an intoxicated neighbor doing his usual raising sand routine, so I started back to my house regretting that I wasted my time to even look into the situation.   As I turned the corner at the back of my house I encountered a V shaped pattern of large reddish lights entering the area above my neighbor's home to the side of me.  This pattern was as large as a football field in length and was not too far above tree top level.  I opened the back door and screamed for the wife to come outside immediately!  She came running out holding her cell phone and we just stood there in awe as a formation of lights in a V shaped pattern came gliding slowly over the house next door.  She exclaimed... This is the mother lode of all our encounters! I replied... No this is the mother ship!   These were not small light! s like on a regular aircraft but were quite large and I know there were five for sure very spaced out in between but can't say there were more as I was noticing it was going forward but coming sideways towards us slowly.  It actually reminded me of a smaller version of the Phoenix, Arizona, lights even though it was huge enough in it's own dimensions.  I told her to call her mother (who is that neighbor next door) and when the wife dialed her the phone lit up brightly and the airship then backed up from coming our way and continued sailing on by above the yard next door.  Her mom and dad came to the door just to see the last light disappear into to adjacent woods.  I only then at that particular point of the entire encounter heard a quiet motorized sound but never heard anything otherwise during the entire encounter.   We never saw the ship clearly because my father in law installed a blinding LED type street light in his back yard that has totally destroyed the beauty of the night! sky we have been used to because he don't like the darkness being a cover for evil doers.  The wife did not have time to snap a photo or video because by the time she dialed her mom and hung up it was backing off of coming our way and still sailing onwards entering into the wooded area. I just hugged the wife while watching this event which made it a super and knowing the partying neighbors were too stoned even know it went over their heads a few minutes before made it funny to ponder.  We were not scared but in awe.;34.4494;-78.0968
