Like some Star Wars type of thing!;2014-08-23 23:09:00;5 minutes;Like some Star Wars type of thing! I stepped into the backyard at 11:09 pm 8-23-14, and I saw this lighted object flying very low and fast, coming from the wooded area behind our home, and as it was entering into the open sky between my house and the neighbor's home, it simply vaporized away right in front of me only to be followed by at 11:11 a streaking fireball which was like an intense bright falling star which also was to be followed in the same exact spot there in that open sky between our homes at 11:14 by a dimmer lit streaking fireball following the same exact downward trajectory.  The lighted flying craft did not seem to be out of the ordinary but it was only visible for 5-6 seconds in a clear sky but instantly as I stopped at attention to gaze at it, its lights went out and no trace of the craft was to be seen.   The two fiery streaks seemed as they were the results of something firing at that area the craft went invisible in.   I stayed until the mosquitos forced me to leave and! there was no more activity during my ten minutes of admiring just beautiful star lit skies.  This section of town is a hot bed of activity for UFO sightings as of late.   I'm sure there would be more UFO reportings but the stinging mosquitos and variety of biting deer flies, yellow flies and horse flies and gnats are so intense they keep us from being outdoors as often as we'd like to be.  It has rained all summer long and the insects are in huge numbers and the Black River is very swampy to begin with.   I've seen (along with witnesses) Foo Fighters (flying round silver balls) in this same area here in broad daylight following jets right on their tail and in 1987 I encountered the first of many UFO sightings in this same area which were three craft flying so low they lit up the tops of the pines along the river.   We heard strange mechanical noises coming from the swamps at odd hours of the wee morning many times. It sounded like an oil derrick in operation.  This went on for three years then stopped.   I moved here in that year so who knows how long it has been going on like this!;34.4494;-78.0968
