Airplane changes to red orb before my eyes, does incredible flying moves, then changes back to an airplane.;2017-05-29 03:30:00;2 minutes;Airplane changes to red orb before my eyes, does incredible flying moves, then changes back to an airplane. I went out back to smoke a cigarette while on the phone with a friend of mine.  I noticed what appeared to be an aircraft, very low flying coming from the east and heading west in front of me.  A rain storm was just hitting my area so it would have been normal for a low flying plane.   I recognized it as a plane because I noticed the red steady light and the green flashing light.   Suddenly, the red light dropped straight down and was out of view behind an enormous tree, about 4 house lengths from where I was standing,  I interrupted my friend who was speaking at the time and started explaining to him what I was seeing because I couldn't believe it.  The plane instantly became a red glowing orb and was doing a figure 8 pattern behind the tree in front of me, it would drop down heading west then pull up and around and head east over the top of the tree where I could see it.  It did this a couple of times - then as it was heading west again above the tree it stopped dead! in front of me.  I couldn't move, a part of me thought to run inside but my body wouldn't move.  It stayed still in front of me for a count of about 7 seconds I would say, then it instantly became an airplane again with the blinking green light and continued west in the same straight flight pattern it had been on initially.  The orb was a constant red light - not flashing and it's edges were fuzzy.   Also, when it stopped in front of me there was what appeared to be a dark line through the center of the orb.  It's hard to say how close the object was to me, but after seeing the area in the daylight today, I'm thinking that it was probably a 1/4 to a 1/2 mile away from me, over the main intersection in our town.  I've never seen anything move like that - I wish I had gotten a video of it but I was so shocked, all I could do was talk to my friend and explain what I was seeing.  My body shook for a couple of hours afterwards.  I've read about UFO's and I'm not a disbeliever, but seeing it first hand is quite an eerie experience, I just had the weirdest feeling it was watching me.;41.0112;-73.9433
