UFO???;2002-09-19 19:00:00;20 minutes;UFO??? My son announced that we needed to come outside and look at the sky. I noticed a man in a van taping the event on his cam corder on the side of the road. We all saw a round llight that was changing directions, and then came to a stop for about 1 minute before taking off at about 2000 miles per hour. It left an extremly long wiggly trail that the lit up the sky for over a half an hour. The trail was greyish and parts of it was orange , red blue, and then purple. We thought this was a misle from the base, but they don't dance around they get down to business. Oh, and there was no noise, but it sure was a traffic stopper. Thanks for listening. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch from Vandenberg AFB.  Please see article.  PD)) ((BEGIN ASSOCIATED PRESS ARTICLE ABOUT LAUNCH)) Air Force Test Missile Out West Fri Sep 20, 1:25 AM ET VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AP) - An Air Force missile test Thursday provided a spectacular light show seen over California and much of the West, as far away as Utah and New Mexico. The colorful contrail was seen soon after the unarmed Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile blasted off at 7:36 p.m. from an underground silo at the Vandenberg military base north of Santa Barbara. The smoke went up in spirals as the sun was setting and turned into an orange, amber color. It was like a flower going into bloom pretty quickly, said Simon Cox, who saw it from a restaurant terrace in Santa Barbara. The missile traveled about 4,200 miles in about 30 minutes, striking a predetermined target at the Kwajalein Missile Range in the western chain of the Marshall Islands, the Air Force said. Vandenberg spokeswoman Kelly Gabel said clear conditions were responsible for the spectacular light show. We do this two or three times a year, but because the weather was so perfect we decided to launch it early, Gabel said. As a result, people were still awake to see it, and although the sun had set, sunlight below the horizon glinted off unspent fuel particles and water droplets. Suddenly we're getting calls from people as far away as New Mexico who saw it and want to know what it is, Gabel said. The mission was directed by the 576th Flight Test Squadron at Vandenberg and the 341th Space Wing and the 341st Space Wing, from Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana. The purpose was to test launch systems and the missile's accuracy and reliability. ((END ARTICLE BY ASSOCIATED PRESS));36.2653;-119.819086363636
Bright red light , moving upwards and at crazy angles;2003-12-01 02:00:00;10 minutes;Bright red light , moving upwards and at crazy angles ok.. me a a freind of mine when we got off of work at NAS LEMOORE NAVAL BASE, we headed down to the river not to far from base.It was a very clear night and i recall seeing a few shooting stars. We settled down fishing off one of the damns that were there and we seen what we thought was a flare being shot off. It just topped over the tree line and it stopped .. we thought nothing of it. Well it started moving towards us slow,and upwards and the same time. This really really intense light started moving faster making these very sharp turns... we watched it do this for about 5 minutes as it was moving upwards. There was this flash,and right after that we seen like a tail as if it was moving like a comet would but only going up. Shortly after the flash,this red ball of light vanished... FAST and at another really sharp angle. Adding to this.. i work on this base.. i know every aircraft that is here, I know alot about many of the planes that fly around here. I know for a fact that it isn't  one ofthem around here that can fly that fast a make sharp turns as this did. Also i know what position light and taxi lights look like on many of the aircraft and none have this big ass red light.;36.2653;-119.819086363636
Falling star-like object that explodes with very bright white light.;2005-11-04 23:44:00;2 seconds;Falling star-like object that explodes with very bright white light. Traveling east on highway 198, just east of Naval Air Station, Lemoore, and looking to the southeast.   Had seen several fallng stars this night so was watching the sky for more.   Saw what looked like a falling star (with a trail) except that it exploded with a very bright white light.  I saw nothing after that.;36.2653;-119.819086363636
Streak of lights appearing out of thin air over Lemoore military base.;2020-10-11 04:55:00;1-2 minutes;Streak of lights appearing out of thin air over Lemoore military base. Close to 5 AM several fast moving lights flew above me in a somewhat straight line. Each one looked mostly round with a slight triangle shape at the end. They flew by in an interesting pattern. One would appear then quickly shine bright for just a moment and then go back to it’s normal lighting that was equivalent to a stars lighting. Then the next one would do the same. None of them shined bright at the same time and they all only shined extremely bright once. They somehow shined brightest in the exact same spot in the sky.  They kept appearing out of nowhere and then quickly passed me by. It was beautiful and I first thought I was seeing meteors, but they didn’t have the same appearance. They were somewhat close together, I’d say each new appearance was about 4 seconds behind the last one. I couldn’t believe how fast they moved and just how close they seemed.  I immediately googled it to see what I saw and I came across the Elon Musk satellites and thought maybe that was it, but I watched the video of those satellites to compare and it was not the same. This was not a perfectly straight line nor was it lit looking circles. They were close to circles, but more like a shape I haven’t seen before. Almost like how a child draws a fish with a circle and a triangle, but still slightly different than that and soundless. It was like my whole town was muted and I heard nothing, but myself saying, “Wow!”.  Lemoore is home to a naval base so I was hoping that someone else caught this, but so far have not seen any news of it. I watch the sky most evenings and have found that the later I am out there, the more I see moving. Mostly I see satellites, but I have seen quite a few lights that were headed one way then quickly went up, down, or completely opposite of where it was going. Some have flown so close to one another and then stop and from my perspective it looks like they are having a standoff of some sort. Maybe curiosity toward each other or territorial issues. I’m not sure, but I am definitely never going to forget those moments.;36.2653;-119.819086363636
