Lemoore/I-5 corridor, red light with many planes flying around the object.  Moved quickly to the west.;1989-05-01 17:00:00;15 minutes;Lemoore/I5 corridor, red light with many planes flying around the object.  Moved quickly to the west. While driving from Sacramento to Hanford with my brother, we noticed a bright light in the sky, not moving, with many planes flying around the object.  The lights were red and blue.  This is over an area close to the Lemoore Naval Air Station and I grew up in the area.  This is a very restricted area for aircraft so it made no sense to us why so many planes were in the sky at the time. We could see the object from as far away as Santa Nella.  As we continued sout on I-5, the object disappeared then reappeared off to the west over the Coastal Mountain Range.  All the planes which were flying around the object moved to the west towards the unknown light/object.  It was so startling that we pulled off to the side of the road, so did about 5 or so other cars.  The object eventually disppeared.  This thing moved faster than anything I am familiar with or know about and there were too many planes flying in a restricted area. I know others saw this. The year was 1988-1990. I was in college at UC Davis comng home to visit with parents.  I can't remember the exact year/date.;36.2653;-119.819086363636
Unidentified Silent Aircraft near Lemoore AirForce Base;2001-02-16 19:00:00;approx 2 minutes;Unidentified Silent Aircraft near Lemoore AirForce Base A friend and I were traveling back from San Francisco on Friday, February 16, 2001 and on our trip we both saw something that was really weird... We were on the I-5 going south and we realized we had gone to far south of Fresno (where I live) when we hit the 198 going east/west.  Realizing our mistake we got on 198 heading east towards Hanford with the intention of transferring to the 99 Northbound in Hanford and heading back up to Fresno.  However, about halfway there (not far from the Lemoore Airbase, I found out) I saw something out the window that made me do a double take. I saw several pale 'twinkle' lights like those seen on airplanes and helicopters, however they were all white (no red or blue or green) and there were several beams of pale light moving across the ground.  My very first impression was that there were 3 helicopters flying in very tight formation using spotlights to look for something....  my next thought was that maybe it was a crop duster or something doing some sort of night job... but after a few seconds I realized that neither of these were correct.... I pointed it out to  my friend (who was driving) as it was out his window (to the north) and I think maybe less than 100 feet off the ground... and it seemed to be moving very slowly and gracefully.... it then arced upward and turned back towards the freeway (coming south) that we were on and as it passed overhead I managed to see a really faint silhouette against the black night sky... I could barely make out an airplane shape with very long thin wings and large, ellipsoid shaped bulbs at the tips of both wings... and as it flew overhead there was absolutely no sound whatsoever...  it then performed a very graceful but tight turn and flew back over the freeway again (this time heading north) and as it flew over the field to our left I saw again 3 faint, silvery nimbus's of light (almost like searchlights) coming from what looked like the underside of the nose and the 2 ellipsoid shapes at the tip of the wings, and the light app! ared to be sweeping back and forth over the ground.  At this point I was really excited because I had never seen anything like it before. My friend told me to dig the camera out from the backseat and try and take pictures of it... so I dug around in the back really quickly and by the time I got it ready, the object had once again flown over us and was pacing us to the right (south of 198 heading east in the same direction as us) maybe a quarter of a mile out and a hundred or so feet off the ground...  I then attempted to take several pictures... but as the craft was completely dark and there was no real light reflections the only thing I could see were its steady blinking lights... So I tried to time it as best I could to try and capture a picture when the lights were actually on instead of off, but as I write this I don't know how they've turned out...  However I'm pretty sure its not a UFO but some sort of secret plane from the Lemoore Airbase... and I was wondering if I draw a picture of what I think I saw, do you know someone who might be able to tell me what I saw based upon its outline and its behavior...??  My friend thinks it was maybe an A-10 Tank-killer, because what he saw differs from what I saw by a little... however, I don't think this is correct because of the 3 lights and the fact that it made no sound at all... So anyhow, I am trying to find out if the plane is something common or if it is might be one of the top secret ones that you hear about (like the aurora)... ((NUFORC Note:  We have corresponded with this witness.  He seems to have ruled out most possible explanations for the sighting, and he apparently will speak with personnel from Lemoore Air Base in the near future.  PD));36.2653;-119.819086363636
A large single aircraft wing with six bright lights,running across it , headed right at us,then up and over us at last min.;2009-05-14 02:00:00;10 min;A large single aircraft wing with six bright lights,running across it , headed right at us,then up and over us at last min. My boy friend an I was going eastbound on 198 coming from I5 we were about 7to 10 miles from Lemoore naval base. I was driving. 198 is a straight road. There is empty fields on each side of 198, until you get to the naval base. As we were driving I saw what looked to be an aircraft flying only about 10 feet above the ground, going north to south across 198. I said, What is that look how low that plane is flying. My boyfriend said thats not a plane thats a helecopter.We were about a mile from it than. As we approuched its path which it seemed to be going back and forth on the same path it was in no way a plane or a helecopter. There is nothing on this earth known to man that can do what this craft didAs we approched it , it was in the field on the north bound side. It was already turned around and was headed back over 198 to the southbound side.I was driving so it was on my side. This thing was only a 100 ft from the ground .It had about six bright lights that ran straight across it. It was as long as a tractor, trailor. It turned right around on a dime when it made a turn it turned to the left. As we approched, the craft seemed to speed up. and was headed right for us. The lights in the front I saw start pointing downward right for us . We were so scared we thought this thing was gonna crash right into us. Right when it reached us I looked up the lights blinded us but looked up at it out my window and if i stuck my arm out the window i could of touched the bright lights on it as it went over us. thats how low this thing was. Right when I thought it was gonna crash into us the craft went up and over us then back down to the other side of the field.When the craft was about to go over our ford Ranger Truck, I looked up at it . It looked like one huge wing It was made of metal. silver in color.The lights were bright, but I could see the outline of the craft.the huge craft was very thin. The craft looked compleatly differant as we were comimg up on it , compared to what this thing looked lik! e from a side veiw. It was so unbelivable. This thing I know was messing with us . We saw this craft turn around an b line it right at us and speed up.We really thought we were dead. My boyfriend ducked just before it went over us. I was shaking for hours after that . The craft proceeded to the southbound side of 198 turned and repeated back and fourth about 3 more times before it ended up crossing 198 going north and dissapeared .I watched it cross 3 more times in my rear mirror. My boyfriend wanted to turn around but i told him forget you that thing almost just crashed into us. I know this wasnt any aircraft of ours this was huge, It houvered 10 feet from the ground it was fast and it could turn on a dime. We dont have anything like that. Also there is no piolot gonna fly across a highway that low coming at cars. That is against the law. The most unusual thing about it was as it went over us there was no sound also somthing that big would of blown me a bit for how close he came over me .There was no wind I drove steady.But No Sound . Please I wish someone will get ahold of me about our sighting. I need to talk to somone. cant stop thinking about that night.;36.2653;-119.819086363636
