UFO 20 of them with unique moves of tUnderstanding, Dancing maybe as if I was watching and they KNEW  ((Starlink satellites??));2021-02-15 09:00:00;4 minutes;UFO 20 of them with unique moves of &quotUnderstanding, Dancing&quot maybe as if I was watching and they KNEW I was picking up my son and when I got out of car saw something in sky looked like stars. I continued to look and started recording because they were moving. About 8 of them drifted into the clouds in the same spot and then more appeared. Not a sound ! Another cluster of about 4. They did some kind of scifi twisting and turning at extreme speeds not human in nature or that of an aircraft can perform. It was crazy looking then they stopped and all started moving again but not moving in unison just the twists were in unison. What was strange also is that when I pause the video when watching it over and over again I can see that the ones that have drifted almost unseen are also twisting and scifi like spinning at the same exact movements as the new ones that are beginning to drift up in the air. Then another 2 or 3 cluster appeared and then another 2 cluster appeared. When the shape of the objects which were all the same when they were not doing the! scifi dance I have been calling it they all had the same appearance. A glob of light and it looks like attached to the one glob 2 more smaller tiny globs attached to the larger one but NOT CONNECTED. Almost like 3 triangular like globs in one cluster which would equal 1 UFO. 20 UFOs in total. ALl difted up in the same exact direction into the sky but at different paces. ANother strange phenomenon from this same event is that it appeared at the end of the video that one straggler UFO was trying to catch up to the other UFOs it looked like a cute baby UFO like a child running after its mother and then when it caught up started floating with the others. ALmsot like some one or some thing inside these UFOs have understanding That is how I felt when watching the video in person and then over and again on my computer. Definitely NOTHING I HAVE EVER SEEN BEFORE. My ex husband was also looking at the sky when this was happening and making jokes ! but I am using myself as the only witness to this event becaus! e I have the video. My son is in front of the fence. DOgs were barking late at the night as if the dogs knew. Howling dogs from neighbors yard also in video.;40.8833;-73.1597
