Multitude of diamond shaped crafts appearing miraculously in the sky;2014-11-02 23:00:00;2 hours;Multitude of diamond shaped crafts appearing miraculously in the sky On November 2, 2014, at around 11:00 pm, my friend and I were driving down route 130, heading home from New Brunswick, NJ.  We are both 23 year old females.   We noticed the first craft when we saw an immensely bright yellowish light in the sky, this light seemed to hover, and that light began to dim and started gliding through the sky.  We realized we had never seen an aircraft look quite like this.   When we looked back up at the sky to follow the craft, we began to notice the array of flashing lights.  There were two red flashing lights on the outermost points of the diamond shaped craft.  On one of of these points, there was also a bluish green light that would flash.  The craft had yellowush/white lights at the bottom base of the diamond and a yellowish/white light in the front.   We began noticing how different each crafts lights appeared.  As we continued driving, we began seeing so many of these crafts in the sky.  They were appearing out of nowhere.  One craft hovered over street lights so we could distinctly see the shape of the craft.  It was NOT a plane.   The way these crafts moved were unlike anything we have ever seen.  Hovering and gliding would be the best way to explain the movement.  At this point we pulled over at a remote farm in our town to get out of the car and get a better look.  The crafts continued to appear in all directions of the sky.  We felt like we were in a science fiction move with what we were seeing and experiencing.  It was alarming how quickly they were appearing. Bright yellowish lights would appear and another craft would present itself.   Some of the crafts had red flashing lights on the side points of the diamonds, some had yellowish/white flashing lights.  Each craft had a bluish green light.  The crafts were moving low and slow, and then would cover a huge distance at an untraceable rate in seconds.  One craft appeared larger than the rest we had sign.  It emitted a very large beam of yellowish white light from the front of the craft, and the yellowish white lights on the! bottom were the brightest we had seen.  It was larger than the other crafts we had seen as well.  We were able to see the diamond shape and bottom of the crafts clearly, and as we would watch it travel, it would reach unimaginable distances right in front of our eyes.   As we made it home, the crafts flew over us for the remaining 45 minutes.  One came so low to the ground that we were extremely spooked.  We had never in our lives, seen anything quite like this.  The sound the crafts made were almost the most eerie part of the experience.  At first it was a dull humming, and as it came closer it would get louder.  It emitted a low pitch sound frequency, and you could feel the vibration.  A sound, we have never heard, before last night.  It sent shivers up our spines.   At around 1:00 am on November 3rd, the sightings stopped.  The crafts had disappeared, and the sky returned to normal.    We know what we saw, I never thought this experience would happen to me, but these crafts were UFO's.;40.3015;-74.5027
