8 UFOs in a circle suddenly take off radially away from each other.;1979-10-01 23:00:00;4 minutes;8 UFOs in a circle suddenly take off radially away from each other It was a summer night in 1979.  My girlfriend and I were sitting on the balcony of her second-floor garden apartment in Cranbury, NJ, which overlooked a large open field, at the far edge of which was a wooded area, perhaps 150 yards or so away.  It was late in the evening perhaps around midnight or shortly thereafter.  We were just hanging out, doing some stargazing. Then, I noticed something “funny” – something odd going on in my peripheral vision that drew me to look over to the left portion of my field of vision.  Some of the “stars” were moving. Perhaps 25-30 degrees above the horizon, above the wooded area at the far left end of the field, was a loose cluster of perhaps 6 to 8 lights that were meandering about in the sky, randomly, aimlessly, independently of each other – moving in something approximating “Brownian motion.”  They were a tad larger than the stars – around the size of planets, and like the planets, they didn’t twinkle they shone with a bright, even, constant white light.  But unlike planets, they were moving about – meandering about, actually.  I pointed this out to my girlfriend, and we both sat there watching this phenomenon for maybe 2 minutes, dumbfounded.  Then, something even more curious happened.  All of a sudden, the lights stopped meandering around, and collectively began migrating toward a central point.  They settled into a perfectly circular formation, and remained motionless in this configuration for perhaps a minute.  I counted 8 lights, and they were located at the 8 points of a compass in this motionless circular formation.  Again, the circular formation of lights was around 25 – 30 degrees above the horizon, at the left side of the wooded area at the far end of the field.  My girlfriend and I just sat there, awestruck at what we were looking at. Then, something stunning happened.  Suddenly, in an instant, all 8 of these lights suddenly took off radially, away from the center, away from each other, like spokes of a wheel, and shot over the entire distance from the original formation to the distant horizons in probably one second or less, and disappeared from view.  They didn’t accelerate – they went from 0 to probably thousands of miles per hour instantaneously.  This terrified both my girlfriend and me.  We jumped up, said something like “Oh, shit!” or “Oh, my God!” and ran into the apartment and locked the patio door.  For maybe a half an hour, all we could do was jump around and yell, “Oh my God, what the hell was that??!!!”   That is when I knew – absolutely – that we are not alone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.3015;-74.5027
I just wanted to comment on someones post here regarding a 75 minute event that took place in Cranbury NJ. I walk the dogs at night out;2007-04-27 10:36:00;75 min;I just wanted to comment on someones post here regarding a 75 minute event that took place in Cranbury NJ. I walk the dogs at night out on the court yard lawn to my apartment complex on the border of Cranbury/East Windsor I have no obstruction to the night sky and not to mention my apartment resides on the second floor which faces west but I can see from the direction of north,west,a little east, and south.  Anyway long story short the so called UFO this person was seeing is exactly as the police dept mentioned. It was spotlight for event gathering in plainsboro neighboring town. I cannot believe someone would stare at the same light rotating for 75 minutes and come to a conclusion that it is a ufo.  On the other hand I have purchased a HDD camcorder with 80gig drive (HDD HARD DISK DRIVE) SOny I leave it running at night aimed out at the night sky and run it all night then during the day scan through in fast motion hoping to find some oddity. If I ever capture something I will post it here because evidence is what people want and its more credible.  Occurred : 3/30/2007 23:12 (Entered as : 03/30/2007 23:12) Reported: 3/31/2007 10:36:33 PM 22:36 Posted: 4/27/2007 Location: East Windsor (Cranbury), NJ Shape: Light Duration:Around 75 Minutes ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));40.3015;-74.5027
