Reddish white lights on a slow moving black  near silent object  flies across columbus sky;2010-07-24 00:45:00;5 minutes;reddish white lights on a slow moving black  near silent object  flies across columbus sky was in back yard looking out at the stars when i saw a plane like any other plane that i had seen on many a night, thats when i looked off to the left and further back and lower  in the sky and noticed what i thought was a reddish white star or mars or something, but it was noticable moving slowly toward me then changing direction slightly.as it got closer and still moving very slowly noticed that it had no blinking lights like a helicoptor or even a small prop plane and it had no front lights.  The light i say was coming from under the object.  As it got closer and flew near over where i was atanding i realized that one light was really two lights just one behind the other and the object was black as night. It had a very low humming noise to it.  Not like the plane that i had saw go by not but a minute or so before it which was higher in the sky and made a noise that we all hear when planes fly, over the sound of the engine.  The object continued out of my sigh! t,obstructed by trees heading in an east/ southeast direction.;39.9929475579356;-82.9803267468833
Possible UFO's over Columbus Ohio October 29th;2011-10-30 23:30:00;4-5 Minutes;Possible UFO's over Columbus Ohio October 29th This is the night of the Ohio State Wisconsin Football Game in the Ohio State Stadium on campus.  There is a small bridge north of the stadium, where after the game everyone walks in large crowds back to their cars, or to tailgates that are still going on. At about 11:45 I was walking back to meet up with my three cousins (who are brothers) who went to the game, because they were my ride home. On the bridge, about halfway, three round glowing lights in a perfect triangle formation came flying from the west very fast. I was walking slow in the crowd of people looking at these things honestly thinking that they were jets because of their formation. Once they got about parallel to the bridge they STOPPED.  They were close, like three times as close as a typical plane. They were very bright and clear, and literally looked like fireballs.  Orangish red, and almost pulsating like they were some sort of aircraft or something. there was no shape to them though, just br! ight lights.  Right when they stopped, i stopped walking and started asking people around me what these things were.  About 5 or 6 people stopped next to me and we started talking and looking at these 3 things in this hovering triangular formation. Ive never seen anything like this, and i am usually the type of person to make fun of people who say they saw UFO's, or religious signs.  Anyway this gets even stranger. Almost a minute of me (and now about 15 or so people around me) staring at these things, the one closest to us MOVES INTO THE MIDDLE OF THE OTHER TWO.  All these UFO cases you hear people saying that these aircrafts do impossible maneuvers or something that makes no sense.  We saw this thing just perfectly glide in between the other two, forming a PERFECT FREAKING LINE.  This was after one of the biggest games of the college football season, so MANY people were drunk, i was not though, because i had to drive home.  The people around me i could tell weren't either becaus! e we were all talking going what in the hell is going on? I ha! ve to te ll you i was on absolutely no drugs nor under the influence, because after the objects form into a line, we all start yelling because there is a FOURTH ONE coming from the west (the same direction the original three came from). This fourth one is flying. It was going so fast, almost looked like a missle or something. It was exactly the same as the other three though. This thing comes near the three that are in a line, and stops right near them. Yes, it STOPPED. It makes NO SENSE AT ALL how anything in the air can stop after going so fast. After it stopped the first three literally freaking SHOOT towards the south. I dont want to say disappear, but these things went from just being stationary to going very fast. in about 5 seconds they were to the point where we could not see them because they were now so far away. However, the fourth one that came up, stayed stationary for about 5 more seconds, and it slowly started to move to the south. We all watched this one go off for ab! out a minute into the distance, much much slower than the other three. I was standing there (and still am) trying to figure out what in the hell this was. My first guess is that it has something to do with the game, but that doesnt make any sense because THIS WAS AN AIRCRAFT, or some type of object. I want someone to tell me that it is something that i can look up and then confirm that its not a UFO, but nobody can. And this was a a pretty long sequence, about 4 minutes. Literally, like 20 people around me on this bridge one this fourth object was flying in were all talking to each other trying to figure out what was going on. I found a number of videos online that show similar looking things in the sky. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woCXh2kaw78&list=PL5AA853A833B2D26B&index=16&feature=plpp_video This one shows exactly what they looked like, even though the ones in this video dont show the same maneuvering characteristics. I have no idea if this video is real or fake, all im saying is that what i saw looked exactly like this. Please, if someone has any idea of what these things could have been besides some type of aircraft that doesn't belong to earth, please tell me because its one of those things that if it actually was just mistaken for something, i really want to know. Also if you read this and you were on campus that night and saw this too, please please let me know;39.9929475579356;-82.9803267468833
Sitting in hot tub when a brilliant streak of whitish-blueish light flew horizontally across the sky out of nowhere with a quiet whistl;2015-11-08 22:00:00;10 seconds;Sitting in hot tub when a brilliant streak of whitish-blueish light flew horizontally across the sky out of nowhere with a quiet whistle sound and then dissapeared in a large collection of white sparks, did not look like a fire work or plane/missile too low and quiet for a plane or missile and to fast and bright for a firework plus was traveling horizontaly not vertically like a firework.;39.9929475579356;-82.9803267468833
