Small saucer with red, green and blue lights.;1977-11-15 20:30:00;3 minutes;Small saucer with red, green and blue lights. I saw a UFO when I was 10 years old and to this day remember it succinctly. This was in Sidney, MT (pop - 3000 at the time). It was 9:00 at night when I and my Brother were walking to the grocery store to get candy for my upcoming birthday party. As we were walking down the street we stopped and noticed 3 lights above us. At first we thought it was a prank of some kind but then we both suddenly got a strange (but exciteing) feeling. We did not see the body of this craft...only the lights. They were blue, red and green - 3 of them. They were in the shape of a saucer dish. And I remember the lights seemed to 'jiggle' a little (vibrating with no set rhythm). There was no sound. It was like this thing was on mute. As we were looking at this thing, a 4-wheel drive truck came tearing around the corner and skidded up to a stop right beside us...the driver leaned out his window and said did you see that...I've been following it for 1/2 an hour!. And we just pointed upward. Anyway, this thing suddenly disappeared and we scanned the sky and saw it off in a distance at the other end of town. It disappeared again and immediately re-appeared at the other side of town. The only other thing I remember is that it felt like this thing was right above the telephone poles. I still remember thinking that I could have thrown up a rock and hit it if I wanted too. What really surprised us was the next day when there was an article in the local newspaper stating that there were several sightings of a UFO reported to the police station. I need to go back and see if I can retrieve that article somehow (if its possible). I've never spoken of this experience (only to a few people). This happened in Sidney, Montana (November 1977 - early evening - dark out) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));47.712;-104.1624
One red light in the shape of circle moved half way across the sky and disappeared very quickly.;2015-01-18 20:15:00;3 seconds;One red light in the shape of circle moved half way across the sky and disappeared very quickly. Went outside around 8 pm and caught something moving in the distant with my eyes.  It was a very bright red light moving from almost ground level to directly above my head.  That was when it disappeared.   It moved roughly half of the sky in the three seconds.;47.712;-104.1624
