black and silver disk - seen again?;2005-02-15 12:40:00;7 minutes or so;black and silver disk - seen again? I was looking over old UFO reports for my area, and read with GREAT interest this report, identified as: Occurred : 8/7/2002 13:35 (Entered as : 08/07/02 1335) Reported: 8/7/2002 8:16:51 PM 20:16 Posted: 2/11/2003 Location: Arlington, WA Shape: Other   In this report from 2002 the witness described a shape that first appeared as a stationary dark line, which, when it moved, moved in a wobbly fashion, appeared dark on edge but silvery on top, and was a bit thicker in its middle than the edge, and when it tilted, was thought to be elliptical. Just a month ago (mid-February 2005), my mother and I saw what could be this thing’s twin in looks and movement.  When we saw it there was a little breeze out, so we tried to think of earthly explanations for what we saw--pool or hot tub cover, construction debris, tarp, a super-jumbo sized remote-controlled helium toy, but nothing quite worked because the wind wasn’t that strong, the thing was at least as big as my van, and the thing seemed to be moving slowly and intelligently, and often against the breeze -- not just getting tossed around by it. When we first spotted it, I had just picked up my mother from her apartment near the east edge of Stanwood.  Sitting in the parking lot, we saw it coming up from behind some big fir trees that were some blocks further east from us (there are fields and woods out that way).   The thing banked, showing us a big dark disk that I thought was at least as wide as my Chevy Venture van was long.  The disk then spiraled up higher and leveled out above the fir trees.  We could now see that while the disk was dark on the bottom, it was a metallic silver on top, and when viewed on edge the disk was thicker in the middle - slightly more pronounced near the center of the silver side.   It banked again, so we moved the car to a different spot where we could watch it, overlooking the east edge of the high school football field.  The disk continued to wobble and rotate along the edge of town, bank and spiral, level out, hover, taking its time working its way along the east edge of the Church Creek housing development and city park as it headed toward Highway 532.   As it got closer to the highway and the grocery store/strip mall there, it went waaaaay high until we could barely see it as a bright silver point against a big cloud bank.  Lost sight of it then.  The whole sighting lasted around 7 minutes.   I'd still be tempted to think we saw some sort of wind-driven large piece of trash except it didn't behave like it was affected by the breeze.  It seemed to be on some sort of sightseeing trip! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));48.2011;-122.378
saucer shaped disk moving across clouds;2007-07-03 13:00:00;10 seconds;saucer shaped disk moving across clouds I don’t have the exact time, as I was outside painting the deck of my home.  It was between the hours of 1pm and 5pm.  I happened to look up into the sky.  There was a light layer of clouds in an otherwise blue summer sky.  What caught my attention was what appeared to be a shadow in the form of a disk, which was going north.  It was against the backdrop of the clouds.  I watched it move across the cloud formation until it entered the blue sky.  At that point I was no longer able to see it..  I was just wondering whether anyone has reported a similar occurance in the past, or whether this can be explained as something natural?;48.2011;-122.378
At approximately 9:00 pm, I noticed a large disk shaped light hovering low in the sky, west from my house. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus?  PD));2009-01-18 21:00:00;20 MINUTES;At approximately 9:00 pm, I noticed a large disk shaped light hovering low in the sky, west from my house, over Camano Island, WA.  I have lived in this house for 13 years, and I know what the night sky looks like, looking west.  This was like nothing I’ve seen before.  Three other people in my house joined me in looking at this object.  It was pulsing and changed colors, which was visible with the naked eye.  We started looking at it with binoculars, and could see more details. It was rotating and appeared to have four smaller lights inside. There were a couple of airplanes that passed by in the time that we were looking at it, and it appeared to be about 20 times bigger than the planes.  A point of reference that we had was a tower on Camano Island that has a red flashing light, and is about 120 ft. tall.  The disk shaped object was to the south of this tower, and was a little higher in the sky.  The colors that we saw were white, red, blue, purple, orange, and yellow.  It was visible to us for about 20 minutes, and then it just disappeared.;48.2011;-122.378
