Stanwood July 4th sighting explained;2008-07-04 23:30:00;5 minutes;Stanwood July 4th sighting explained This is just a response to a report from Stanwood on the evening of July 4th that may have  a conventional source.  I was passing through the area on my way to Camano Island and saw an object float south to north across the highway.  It was roughly circular in shape and pulsating with an orange-ish light.  I immediately turned on a northerly cross street to pursue the object which appeared to be a a very low elevation (40 to 50 feet). and climbing steadily.  As I was able to pull under the object I recognized it as a very cool, 3 foot tall, miniature hot air balloon (the type that I used to make myself as a kid).  After I turned around and wnet back to the highway I saw another.....just as it was launched form the church parking lot on the corner. Heading home I saw the original ballon still glowing in the sky, quite some distance away and at about 500 feet elevation.  When I told my daughter and nephew about what I'd seen the previous night their response was, Oh, yeah, we saw a sign for Flying Chinese Lanterns at the Reservation Fireworks stand last night. Though my personal belief is that there 'are' many sightings that are 'not' explainable by conventional means, this one 'is'....... Very much apprecaite your site!;48.2011;-122.378
Four Ovals looking like Liquid Mercury Cloaking like Clingons in Star Trek;2010-12-01 19:00:00;Seven Seconds;Four Ovals looking like Liquid Mercury Cloaking like Clingons in Star Trek I’m an amateur astronomer and was setting up my telescope at my local dark sky site when something above visually caught my attention.  I will explain the event as if you could hear my thoughts that were going through my mind from the start of the sighting to the end, which was no longer than ten seconds:  What?  Wow!   Those are bright stars!  Those aren’t stars they’re a little bigger and moving.  There’s another one!  It just appeared and not too far from the others, oh it’s moving to join the others, Oh!  They’re gone. Now to go over what I just saw and put it into words.  When I looked up, I saw three objects very shinny moving very slowly in a northerly direction and side by side east to west.  Then another one not too far away to the west of the others just appeared as if turning on a light and moved to join them four abreast.  As soon as it did all four just disappeared as if you turned off a light. This scenario made me realize that these objects where defiantly under intelligent control. The backdrop to the objects was the sky and stars and my line of sight to the objects in relation to the horizon was about 50 degrees.  It’s hard to say how close they were and how big but the feeling I felt was they were about a mile way and about the size of a car and oval in shape.  The only way to describe their appearance is how liquid mercury appears.  Smooth and shiny and reflects light. I was left with the impression that four ships where traveling together in cloak mode and for some reason un-cloaked and then went back to cloak (traveling while invisible). The reason why I didn’t report this until now is that not then but now I’m curious if anybody else has reported a similar event.  To me, this is an I.F.O event, not a U.F.O. event.;48.2011;-122.378
Solid light, whistling and accelerated to disappear behind a close  500 Lights On Object0: Yes;2011-12-20 08:50:00;5 seconds;Solid light, whistling and accelerated to disappear behind a close  500 Lights On Object0: Yes Outside and herd a whistling noise, sounded like the ones in the movies of spaceships like on mars attacks. I look up and see a solid oval of light appear, about 1500 feet up in the air. It than quickly accelerated and dissapered behind a cloud .;48.2011;-122.378
