2 spheres, same color as sky,  manuvering, trailing eachother, seen through binoculars too.;2001-07-30 12:30:00;2-3 minutes;2 spheres, same color as sky,  manuvering, trailing eachother, seen through binoculars too. It was a saturday definately, I think @ July7 30, 2001.  It was definately 12:30 pm because I was readying to leave my home for the bank, which closes at 1pm.   Completely clear and sunny, no clouds, calm air at ground level. I never would have seen them but I paused to watch an eagle circle in the sky over the lake.   I saw 2 spheres, 1 behind the other, coming toward me from the south heading smoothly due mostly north.  They were the same color as sky, barely paler blue/gray, slightly pearlescent sheen.   I watched continuously as they approached and a small cessna style aircraft turned and slowly flew on general intercept coursetoward them.  I assumed the pilot saw them too.   The spheres veered slightly to the northwest, the cessna soon turned back toward the southeast and seemed to be flying slower than the planes usually do in this area (about 7 miles from Arlington Airport).   The spheres seemed to turn again toward the north, 1 behind the other still.  I ran to get my binoculars in the house, and saw the objects thru them when they were just north of my position.  No other details were discernable but for a slightly darker blue gray core.  They were close enough so that I should have seen details, such as appendages, balloon baskets, ropes/cables, but only a sphere was seen.  I am guessing they were 2 miles or less from me now.   The discoloration core was approx 1/4 to 1/5 the diam of the spheres.  I would guess the spheres were both approx 30 to 40 feet in diam.   Maybe about 5-10 thousand feet up, with no sound or light, definitely moving as fast or faster than small aircraft do in this area.   I watched until out of sight, 2-3 minutes worth. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));48.2011;-122.378
