57 separate bright white lights flying from West Southwest to the Northeast.  ((NUFORC Note:  Starlink satellites?  PD));2019-11-25 06:10:00;20 minutes;57 separate bright white lights flying from West Southwest to the Northeast I went to let my dogs out at approx 6:10am this morning it was still pretty dark out yet so visibility was pretty good In the night sky with very little if not any cloud cover. I often look up at the sky this time of year because of the waterfowl usually flying over. I happened to notice a bright white light traveling from west southwest towards the Northeast. I thought nothing of it at first because we typically see allot of satellites traveling over head in the night and early morning. I watched it for  a minute then happened to see another one trailing behind the first one and it appeared to be a few to several miles behind the initial light. I thought that to be strange but not completely out of the ordinary. Then I saw another and another and another. Then sometimes 2 close together but not connected. Then another and another. It was a constant stream of separate lights all flying in the same direction at presumably the same altitude. It was quiet and very little wind so I could hear that they made no noise and no vapor trail was visible. As we see many commercial jets fly over all the time and they are easy to differentiate. I yelled at my son To come outside to see if he could see what I was seeing and he and I stood and watched no less than 57 separate flying objects passed over in a 20 min period flying on that same heading. Sometimes pretty good distances apart and several flying fairly close together. But we felt the pattern was quite random to be sure. I am a military vet and I’ve seen allot of different strategic flying formations, from both Navy and Air Force and I felt this was just to weird to ignore. We counted 57 but am not sure how long it had been going on before I spotted em. We tried recording the images but they were to small to pick up on our phone cameras.;41.4294000000002;-97.3680999999998
57 separate bright white lights flying from WSW from NE.  ((NUFORC Note:  Starlink satellites?  PD));2019-11-25 06:10:00;20 minutes;57 separate bright white lights flying from West Southwest to the Northeast I went to let my dogs out at approx 6:10am this morning it was still pretty dark out yet so visibility was pretty good In the night sky with very little if not any cloud cover. I often look up at the sky this time of year because of the waterfowl usually flying over. I happened to notice a bright white light traveling from west southwest towards the Northeast. I thought nothing of it at first because we typically see allot of satellites traveling over head in the night and early morning. I watched it for  a minute then happened to see another one trailing behind the first one and it appeared to be a few to several miles behind the initial light. I thought that to be strange but not completely out of the ordinary. Then I saw another and another and another. Then sometimes 2 close together but not connected. Then another and another. It was a constant stream of separate lights all flying in the same direction at presumably the same altitude. It was quiet and very little wind so I could hear that they made no noise and no vapor trail was visible. As we see many commercial jets fly over all the time and they are easy to differentiate. I yelled at my son To come outside to see if he could see what I was seeing and he and I stood and watched no less than 57 separate flying objects passed over in a 20 min period flying on that same heading. Sometimes pretty good distances apart and several flying fairly close together. But we felt the pattern was quite random to be sure. I am a military vet and I’ve seen allot of different strategic flying formations, from both Navy and Air Force and I felt this was just to weird to ignore. We counted 57 but am not sure how long it had been going on before I spotted em. We tried recording the images but they were to small to pick up on our phone cameras.;41.4294000000002;-97.3680999999998
