MUFON/MASSACHUSETTS REPORT:  Rectangle seen in Rockport, MA;2005-05-05 20:24:00;1 minute;Rectangle seen in Rockport, MA I called my mother to chat and to let her know that there would be a nice, bright, high pass of the ISS at 20:46.  At about 20:24 she said in an excited voice that 'she saw it and oh my God it is so big,' etc.   I told her it was too early for the ISS, but she insisted and said it was no satellite or meteor. She said the oject was rectangular and had some appearance of depth leading her to believe it had the shape of a rectangular box.  It was bright yellow with no other lights.  She said it appeared to be on a course from N to S as if some intelligence were guiding it. It was not drifting aimlessly or shooting like a meteor. She said she did not notice any physical effects in her body, but I heard an uncharacteristic agitation in her voice.  The object came from the N at about 30 degrees when she first noticed it.  Mom held a 3 by 5 box in her hand and said that is how large it appeared in the sky with the luminescence as bright as the moon.  The highest elevation observed was approximately 75 degrees. She noted that there was a small plane in the sky and also a jet that seemed to be going in the same direction as the rectangular craft.  She kept saying that jet must see it.' When the craft disappeared from sight in the N facing window,she went to the southerly kitchen window to see it again and it vanished. She is sure it did not go behind a cloud.  She checked other directions, but it was gone.  Had the object retained the same speed, she should have picked in up again at another window. It was a clear night, so it either sped up or just disappeared. By then, I was out on my deck in Gloucester and could not see it.  If it had been there, I should have seen it.  Rockport is the next town over from Gloucester. (The Heavens- Above! website usually gives observation times either exact or within 1 second for the 2 places)  I am submitting this report for my mother who is 76 years young in possession of all of her faculties.  (Probably in possession of more faculties than someone half her age)  She is a retired clerk/secretary with an eye for details.  My mother is the daughter of a fishing captain, and has been looking up into the heavens and toward the sea all of her life.  She knows a meteor from a satellite from a star.  If you have any questions, you can email them to me or call her directly. I submitted the 12-25-04 Gloucester sighting to you.  I am a MUFON investigator.  ((NUFORC Note:  Report from Field Investigator for MUFON/Massachusetts, on behalf of a relative.  We express our gratitude to MUFON Field Investigator, for sharing this report with us.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE OF REPORT)) Hi, Peter, I would like to make one correction to the 05-05-05 Rockport, MA sighting.   My ((relationship deleted)), ((name deleted)), is  NOT the MUFON FI. She saw the object and basically dicated the information to me, ((deleted)) the MUFON FI.   ((Witness)) does not have a computer, so I submitted it for her. If MA MUFON contacts you, ((name deleted)) was the person who saw the sighting.  Judith Knickle, MA MUFON FI, submitted the report to you for Theresa. I hope that this clears up any misunderstanding.   Respectfully,  Judith Knickle, MA MUFON FI ((END ADDENDUM));42.6595;-70.6195
