Looked like a satelite, blue in color, speed was regular then slowed down, zig zagged changing colors,(don't remember the colors exactl;2010-12-25 17:35:00;1 min.;Looked like a satelite, blue in color, speed was regular then slowed down, zig zagged changing colors,(don't remember the colors exactly) yellow, red, then back to  its straight course, speeded up, slowed down and zig zagged again and then speeded up again.  Difficult to tell it's altitude. Was it big or small?  No sound.;42.6595;-70.6195
Bright white light w/greenish blue lights on either side.  Moved erratically and made an unusual wooing sound with oscillating pitch;2020-08-27 23:57:00;5 minutes;Bright white light w/greenish blue lights on either side.  Moved erratically and made an unusual wooing sound with oscillating pitch At approximately 23:57 hrs on 8/27/2020 I was outside at a residence on Granite St. Rockport, MA 01966.  I observed a flying craft approaching from the West over the ocean traveling in an Easterly direction. It appeared as a bright white light which at first I thought to be an airplane or perhaps helicopter.  I could see that it was traveling towards me as the light was becoming lager. It was not moving at a very fast rate of speed. Then it began moving in a way that was inconsistent with conventional aircraft that I know of.  It moved very quickly several hundred feet to my right and then a few seconds later several hundred feet to my left crossing its original position and then moved rapidly diagonally back across to the right in an upward direction and then again after a few seconds it moved rapidly back to its center position, all motion was in straight lines.  At this point it had moved close enough to me that I could see greenish blue lights in a star ! like pattern on either side of the craft, approximately 5 lights on each side.  I realized that this was not consistent with conventional aircraft lights.  I was now able to also hear the sound that it was making, it sounded like a wooing noise with an oscillating frequency pitch and it continued throughout the time of my observation.  At this point I ran in to the house to retrieve my cellphone to video record the event and I returned outside bringing with me a friend that was in the house to witness what was occurring.  Upon returning outside the craft had moved over land still heading in the same direction but, my view was now obstructed by the trees in the yard.  I was able to see the light now facing from the rear of the craft through the trees as it disappeared from my view.  Both myself and my friend could still hear the  sound it was making.  It then struck me that conventional aircraft, as far as I know, don’t have bright white light facing to the rear as this did.  I am a 63 year old male semi-retired entrepreneur/businessman and have worked in law enforcement from 1984 to 1991 at a local Massachusetts municipal police department. I have a clean criminal history and don’t use drugs and was not under the influence of any adult beverages.  I reported the event to local police and an officer responded to hear all the details. I followed up with contacting air traffic control in Atlanta who spoke with ATC Logan Intl. control who said that there was no unusual traffic on their radar at the time of the event.;42.6595;-70.6195
