A star like object moving quickly and erratically in a specific area of the night sky.;2013-09-06 23:30:00;30 minutes;A star like object moving quickly and erratically in a specific area of the night sky. I would like to start by saying that I am an avid astronomy enthusiast and I am often looking up at the night sky. I have seen meteors, comets, satellites and I often watch the space station as it passes overhead so I am very used to seeing moving objects in the night sky.  Both my boyfriend and myself witnessed this. I went out tonight to try and see if I could catch any of the lunar module launch from Virginia at 11:25pm.  Unfortunately there were too many trees obstructing my view but I did notice something else moving in the sky to the south.  It looked like a star. It looked very much like a star.  It wasn’t blinking at all and it was catching the light the same way the space station or a satellite would but its movements were very fast and erratic.  I observed the object for a little over a half hour and only went inside because it was very late, it was still there when I left. The object would remain stationary for quite some time and then move very suddenly and very fast in various directions. Sometimes it would move to the left or right or straight up or down, other times it swerved in a figure eight type of pattern.  At one point an airplane passed close beneath it and it moved suddenly straight up and back away from the plane and then remained still until the plane passed, at which point it moved lower again.  It was moving very quickly and changed direction with ease and had a sort of halo effect around it.  When it moved it created a slight tail trailing behind it.   It stayed in the same general area of the sky, almost as if it were circling the area. From where I was standing the object was 156 degrees to the south east (I have a compass app) and not terribly high up, right about in the area of the constellation of Aquarius.  (I have an app that shows me where the constellations are at any time so I am sure of this.)  It was very small, the same size as a star.  If I hadn’t been watching the sky long enough to see it move I would have thought it was a star.  I have never seen any object move in the sky like this.  I am an amateur astronomer and my boyfriend has a degree in physics and we cannot explain what we saw.  I am not the type of person to instantly think of a UFO, but once you have ruled out the possible whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth, so I am reporting it in the hopes of finding out what it was.  I would welcome and explanation if you have ever seen anything like this before.;44.3738;-69.2202
