As a law enforcement officer I was dispatched to a UFO sighting near a military base.;1989-10-01 18:00:00;20 min.;As a law enforcement officer I was dispatched to a UFO sighting near a military base. This event took place while I was a deputy shereff several years before I retired. I was dispatched to a UFO sighting in the west end of the county. Once I arrived there were several people standing by the road looking up at the UFO. It was round about the size of two football fields. The color was much like the center of an egg. The UFO remained stationary. Every few seconds a small UFO would drop from the center of the mother ship. It would hover for a moment then dart of at a high rate of speed. This was taking place within a mile of one of the highest security military bases in the country and within 12 miles of another secure base. I call dispatch and ask if they would call both bases and let me know it they knew what this UFO was and if they could see it. I knew the one base could not help but see it. Being only one mile from the base they would have been able to see same from there flight tower. After all sources had been checked no one admitted to seeing or knowig anything about the UFO. I did not think much of it at the time for one simple reason. There was no way the two bases could not have know about this UFO. When I call this a UFO I mean it in the truest form. I did not know what it was, but given its location I knew good and well the military knew what it was. Because of this I took it to be something from earth. Now after all these years I still believe it was not from outer space. It was an amazing sight. To see this huge round stationary UFO located at about 1,000 ft with these small round UFOs dropping from under the belly of the mother UFO and darting off at great speed in every direction was a sight to behold. What was it, I have no idea, but I do know this much. The nearest base could not help but see this object. The point is they knew what is was snd were not about to tell lawenforcement anything. After about 20 min. the mother took of and vanished from sight. At that point I went back on patrol.;30.4391139534884;-86.6272325581394
Bright blue-white object leaving traces hovering over trees going up and down while accelerating. 2 witnesses REAL;2003-08-13 22:50:00;10 seconds;Bright blue-white object leaving traces hovering over trees going up and down while accelerating. 2 witnesses REAL Well I posted this a while back and it isnt on any of the lists I checked.   I was standing outside looking for something in the sky, (I usually do) and i walk to look above the backyard over the fence and i see this blue things goin thru the trees. So I keep watching and I was shocked that i've actually seen it, The thing I saw was bright blue-white circular object leaving traces going up and down and accelerating foward slowly id' say it looked like 45 mph and slowing down and it sped on away til i couldnt see it anymore i tried following it so i can see where it was headed. So I guess it lasted 10 seconds together for me,  but whats weird is a person i knew who left in right before i saw it , saw it as well, i called them to tell him what I saw, he was like  you guys are scarin me, my girl just saw it too ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate, according to the witness.  PD));30.4391139534884;-86.6272325581394
