Oval object seen following small airplane with possible evasive maneuvers by plane, two witnesses.;2001-07-22 20:45:00;1 minute;Oval object seen following small airplane with possible evasive maneuvers by plane, two witnesses. Mary Esther, Florida approximately 8:45 pm or within View time: 1 minute? Next to Hurlburt Air Force Base Kids and I watching moon and stars, fairly clear evening. Saw a small airplane flying West, lights flashing. Then noticed another object a few fingers width behind and to the side of the airplane. The object had no lights, appeared ovoid in shape and was faintly illuminated silverish grey with a brighter vertical streak on it's center. It appeared to be following the plane, quickly closed distance and glided above and to the plane's right side. Another object seemed to seperate from behind the main object, then disappeared. The plane shifted left and the object followed. The plane manuevered back and forth twice more and the object seperated and moved North. Another 'thing' seperated from the object and disappeared. It wasn't a flash of light or engine type light, but was also grey in color and smaller same as the first seperation. The object seemed to wobble, or tightly zig zag a bit, and flew a pinky finger length North. My daughter and I were very excited and I turned to glance at her. When I looked back, the object was suddenly a full hand width back toward the West moving three times as fast and seemed to have a 'light tail'. The airplane had already disappeared behind the trees, and the object then, as well. Neither one of us actually saw the object turn so can't comment on that. ((ADDENDUM SUBMITTED BY SAME WITNESS)) Oval object seen following small airplane with possible evasive maneuvers by plane, two witnesses. Mary Esther, Florida approximately 8:45 pm or within View time: 1 minute? Next to Hurlburt Air Force Base Kids and I watching moon and stars, fairly clear evening. Saw a small airplane flying from East to West, lights flashing. Then noticed another object a few fingers width behind and to the side of the airplane. The object had no lights, appeared ovoid in shape and was faintly illuminated silverish grey with a brighter vertical streak on it's center. It appeared to be following the plane, quickly closed distance and glided above and to the plane's right side. Another object seemed to seperate from behind the main object, then disappeared. The plane shifted left and the main object followed. The plane manuevered back and forth twice more and the main object seperated and moved North. Another 'thing' seperated from the object and disappeared. It wasn't a flash of light or engine type light, but was also grey in color and smaller same as the first seperation. The main object seemed to wobble, or tightly zig zag a bit, and flew a pinky finger length North. The plane continued West heading in direction over Hurlburt AFB airfield. My daughter and I were very excited and I turned to glance at her. When I looked back, the object was suddenly a full hand width back toward the West moving three times as fast and seemed to have a 'streak tail'. The airplane had already disappeared behind the trees which border Hurlburt Air Force Base, and the object then disappeared as well. Neither one of us actually saw the object turn so can't comment on that. Been skywatching a long time, haven't seen anything quite like that. I can be contacted at: ((e-address deleted));30.4391139534884;-86.6272325581394
Glowing pinkish-red ovals flying very fast;2002-09-13 23:00:00;several seconds;Glowing pinkish-red ovals flying very fast (Related report submitted for 9/12/02 in Ft. Walton Beach, FL. http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/028/S28061.html)  After the events depicted in that report, I was outside specifically looking for other strange behavior in the skies.  First sighting: ~11pm ---------------------- I was outside my Breakers hotel room watching the low clouds from Hannah storm roll inland.  In one formation of the changing clouds, they were close to left and right, and significantly further out to see toward the middle. From the left, I saw a faint pinkish glow coming from just inside of the clouds. It travelled along the beach, remaining in the cloud cover, going very fast. The really weird part of this was that it remained just inside of the clouds the entire way - going out to sea in the middle, and back inland as it passed by the right.  It seemed to want to stay inside the clouds, and it also seemed to pick up speed as it passed by to the right.  In my notes, I wrote down that the speed was scary!  Both the surf and wind were very loud, so that was all I heard.  Second sighting: ~11:50pm -------------------------- I was still on the balcony watching the clouds roll in.  At this point, they were more choppy.  2 glowing oval objects flew from behind me out to sea and eventually disappeared into the oncoming clouds.  I saw no structure, only glowing ovals - each about the size of nickel at arm's length.  They were flying together, yet independently.  Their flight paths were eratic as they flew straight out to the sea (directly toward the storm).  I tried to depict this scene in the enclosed rough sketch.  I am an Electrical Engineer and I am fairly familiar with traditional airplane capabilities.  I believe that these ovals were intelligently controlled, were not based on air-foil technology, and that no person could have ridden in a vehicle that moved in such fashions.  - Note to the moderator - Please excuse the lateness of this report, but I was waiting until I had drawn a better picture of it but I got busy with other things (the picture I'm sending is not the quality I wanted to produce, but it gets the job done). I just read a recent report (http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/044/S44378.html) that depicted an object very similar to what I described here and my interest was renewed.  In fact, I'd like to share this picture with the person that made that report and see if it matches what they saw. If you could facilitate this, I would appreciate it. Thank you.;30.4391139534884;-86.6272325581394
Flying Police Car or UFO?;2003-05-15 23:30:00;10 - 15 seconds;Flying Police Car or UFO? I am licensed light airplane pilot.  I was standing in my driveway, my back propped against my van to steady myself as I watched the lunar eclipse through binoculars.  A shape I at first thought had wings and flashing a frontal row of extremely bright red, blue, green, and white lights flew into my binocular's field of view.  All the colored lights flashed on simultaneously and in three quick pulses that repeated after a beat.  The object steadily moved southwest from northeast at about 150 to 200 miles an hour.  It had passed near the moon, which was then in mid-eclipse, and I tracked it with the binoculars for about four seconds.  Then I watched it move along without the glasses.  At first I thought it was an airplane.  It was low because it passed in front of me from left to right and then disappeared behind the housetops and trees.  But the strangest thing about it was that it made absolutely no sound, none, nothing.  Not a hum, not a buzz, not a whine, roar or whistle, not anything.  It was perfectly silent.  I judge it to have been traveling at a 15 to 20 degree slant from me and about 1/2-mile distant at an altitude of 500 to 800 feet.  As it passed, the colored lights flashing on it were powerful enough to be diffused by the moisture saturated air and also dimly reflected off the pavement and houses.  It was low because it moved in a straight line away from me and disappeared behind roof tops and trees in the west.  It had one small, steady, white light showing on its receding form.  As it moved away from me, I could see it was a silvery oval, cigar, or wing shaped object that seemed to dimly reflect a pale silver-blue color from the city lights below it.  That's why I first thought it was an airplane or helicopter, both very common around here.  But it made no sound.  Its soundlessness was the weirdest part of the encounter.;30.4391139534884;-86.6272325581394
