deep red pulsating triangles flying over Ft. Walton Beach;2002-09-12 21:30:00;10-15 min;deep red pulsating triangles flying over Ft. Walton Beach 1st sighting of the night: -------------------------- 9/12/02, on a work-related trip, I spent much of the evening relaxing on my hotel room's ocean-side balcony.  Mostly just relaxing, watching the stars at other times. Approx. 9:30 pm, I noticed an unusually bright light in the sky (to the East). I then noticed that it was moving, and rather oddly at that.  Slowly, a second faded into view above the first.  The first dimmed, extinguished, then another light faded into view above the second. This occurred several times, slowly.  After a while the two lights stopped the vertical motions, and began moving around very slowly (independently) but still staying close together.  No fast motions, but they would move, stop abruptly and pause, move somewhere else, then stop... This went on for about 5-10 minutes.  My view was not extremely close, but they seemed to be much closer than high-flying commercial aircraft, and they were further out horizontally from my view than vertically. Description of lights: . Each was triangular. . Entire triangle was red (no other external lights). . Color was very deep red, deeper than lights on large tv/radio antenna. . Lights slowly pulsated in intensity (brighter-dimmer, ~2-3 second period). . Lights did not seem to be directional.  No matter which way they moved, the lights did not stop showing (as plane lights would as the plane turned). . Motion was not fast, but not extremely slow either. 2nd sighting of the night: -------------------------- I was so edhilerated/excited/scared/blown away by the first sighting that I was not about to go back in the room if I could catch another glimpse of these things.  My patience paid off at ~10:15pm local time.  Again, two of the pulsating red triangles came into view - this time from my left.  They went back out to approx. the same spot they were in last time.  Their motions were the same as the first time, short and straight paths, abrupt stops, nothing too fast about any of it.  Moving independently, but staying relatively close to each other.  After 10-15 minutes of this, they began a slow steady path to my left with no abrupt stops. That was the last I saw of them for the trip. Other details: -------------- . I was staying at a hotel on the 6th floor which allowed me to see over some of the haze that was coming in from storm Hanna. . Ft. Walton Beach is located between 2 U.S. Air Force bases - Eglin and Hurlburt. I was doing some work for my company  at one of them.  I wanted so badly to ask people at the base the next day about experimental aircraft in the area, but I was representing my company and could not go around asking about glowing red pulsating triangles flying about. . I watched the skies every evening for the rest of the trip (when not working). I saw airplanes and helicopters fly over at other times.  Each of them was clearly a helicopter or airplane no matter how far away it was.  I am absolutely certain that the red triangles were not planes or helicopters. The characteristics of their lighting and motion were not even close. . I am providing a sketch of the scene since I did not have a camera. The sketch is not perfect, but I believe it depicts the important aspects of the scene.  (it may be a little dark, turn up brightess and contrast for best view). . I saw nothing else this night, but the next night (9/13/02) I saw some even more amazing craft.  These sightings are reported separately. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides illustration of sighting.  We may post it.  PD));30.4391139534884;-86.6272325581394
Craft was hovering over an area at the edge of Eglin Air Force base runway.  Craft was triangle with bright lights at bottom and maneuv;2004-02-13 21:30:00;60 seconds;Craft was hovering over an area at the edge of Eglin Air Force base runway.  Craft was triangle with bright lights at bottom and maneuvered up and down and side ways with absolutely no sound and appeared to be about the size of a Stealth.  Craft was either on or near the air base and was sighted by someone who is very familiar with that area.   Convinced the Air Force had to have known about this craft or was responsible for it.  Perhaps the reason so many UFO sightings are in the Panama City area.;30.4391139534884;-86.6272325581394
Black triangle flying low over northwestern Florida.;2009-01-26 20:30:00;7-9 seconds;Black triangle flying low over northwestern Florida. I walked out back to smoke a cigarette, watched a plane fly over and disappear over the Gulf of Mexico (due south) was looking at Orion, trying to pick out some of the fainter stars. By now my night vision was fairly good. I caught movement out of the left corner of my eye, and startled, I instinctively ducked.  At first, I thought it was a hang-glider, basing this initial impression on the shape alone.  I was startled, as this had sneaked up on me without any noise, no cutting of the wind, nothing.  Coming from due east headed due west, this triangle was of a conflicting description.  It was darker than the night sky, no lights, but also seemed somewhat transparent in that the outside/frame/shape was more clearly defined than the middle.  Black but with the appearance of transparency toward the center mass.  Contradicting terms, but that's the best words I can use accurately.  It was so quiet and stealthy, had I not been looking south at that part of the sky at that moment, I would have never detected it.  That part startled me the most.  It glided overhead, less than 400' AGL, and remained in my vision for seven to nine seconds until it dropped behind the trees.  In other words, moving steadily, but not very fast.  I would estimate the width greater than 25 feet.  Hurlburt Field is due West of here.  If it maintained it's heading for a few more miles, it had to cross it the base and certainly the runway.  During my observation, there was no change in altitude or direction, nor change in velocity.;30.4391139534884;-86.6272325581394
Second triangle craft near Eglin AFB Spotted.;2009-11-05 19:30:00;15 seconds;Second triangle craft near Eglin AFB Spotted. Eleven months ago, I saw a black triangle with no sound, no lights, flying low from due east to due west.  It blended with the background color of the night sky, which was clear, but pretty dark that night.  It didn't just happen to be the right color, it BLENDED. I live here by Eglin AFB and Hurlburt Field. Evening of 11-5-09, I was outside smoking again, talking to my brother, and another triangle, a bit lighter in color this time (as the background sky was lighter,) flew right over me from due north to due south, between 300-400 feet AGL.  Width was an estimated 25-30 feet wide, and again, the bottom of the craft seemed to blend with the background with uncanny similarity.  It's like watching a triangle shaped  Schwartzneggar Predator pass overhead. This one was a bit different from the other (which had no lights, no noise, and a bit darker to match the night overhead) as once it went overhead and I was looking at the rear, this time there were two very, very, very faint circular glows on the rear. If you've ever seen kid's phosphorescent stick-ons to where they're just about completely faded out in the dark - that's about the same color, type of glow, and lack of intensity.  Glowed just enough to barely make out.  Again, absolutely zero noise. This one blended with the sky once past overhead really quickly, unlike conventional aircraft that you can watch for many seconds as it drops toward the horizon.  This camoflage really works well. I'm 59 years old, and except seeing two F-4's on full afterburner chasing a brilliantly shiny no-wing thing very low and over this same town in about 1966, these two events are the only things I've seen my entire life.  Two triangles, a tad different, traversing the same area, and both were in the winter when the skies were very cool and clear. Last year's triangle track would have carried it over the northern portion of the runway at Hurlburt Field. This one was going due south, only a couple miles of the Gulf of Mexico. Damnedest things I've ever seen. Gentlemen, we (somebody) has some very fine top technology aircraft that don't use jet engines, entirely soundless, blend with the backgoune night sky, and if they don't cross your field of vision, you won't see or hear them.;30.4391139534884;-86.6272325581394
