((HOAX??))  Riding down the road and weird object flying around road and then creature jumps out on  road.;2007-10-27 01:00:00;around 7 miniutes;Riding down the road and weird object flying around road and then creature jumps out on  road. It was around 1:00 am on October, 27 2007.  Me and my friend were riding around looking for something to do.  We were driving around and saw that they had just finished building a new road, so we decided to go down it to check it out.  It was still new and there were no street light’s and it went through a big field, so that when you were in the middle of the road there was nothing around you and the only lights were the lights on your car.  We were at about the middle of the road when a huge brown and tan object, somewhat oval shaped, came flying through the air straight toward us. I slammed on the brakes because it didn’t look like it was going to stop and as soon as I did it did to.  It just sat there hovering about  10 to 15 feet  above my car, me and my friend just sat their stunned not knowing what to do we just stared at it as it floated there.   Then in incredible speed it flew straight up and disappeared.  Me and my friend took off in the car not knowing what to do.  A few feet down the road we stopped and turned around we were scared but we were curious.  This time we went really slow down the road hoping to see whatever it was before it seen us.  We did, it was just floating above the road then it flew straight toward us and stopped right on top of us again it was there for about 10 seconds then it flew away.   Me and my friend looked at each other and I took off I was speeding down the road and all of a sudden a weird looking creature around five ft. tall, with a round shape to it jumped out of the bushes and ran into the road I had to swerve  to miss it, I don’t know where the creature went but I know it couldn’t have been a coyote or a normal animal because it walked on two legs. It also couldn’t have been a person because it was an odd looking brown color and it was naked.  After that we got off that road and went home.  I went back down the road the next night and nothing was there. ((NUFORC Note:  We are uncertain as to whether this is a serious report, or not.  Our suspicion is that it is not.  PD));29.5183;-95.0977000000002
