Large, loud Trangular Object, lighted below;1999-09-30 21:00:00;2 Minutes;Large, loud Trangular Object, lighted below What I saw and heard was no helicopter, and it was 4 times the size a B-2. We were watching TV before bed, when a loud rumble started and the house began to shake, we thought it to be another earthquake. The Satsop quake had just happened a few months before. We ran outside and looked to the south, where the noise was coming from, and as plain as day saw this object the size of a battle ship, about 1000 foot above the Chehalis River and traveling toward Aberdeen. It was moving to slow to be an airplane. It was triangular shaped with bright lights shining down over the river. As it was moving, the loud rumble stopped for a minute or so, dead silent, the shaking stopped, but it was still moving at the same speed. I nearly put a load in my pants. I ran into the house to get a camera, and the shaking and rumble began again. By the time I got back outside with the camera, it was gone from view, behind what I know as Alder Grove hill. It was amazing, and changed my view of life forever.  I'm still surprised nothing was ever mention about this again.  Thank you again,    ----- Original Message ----- From: To:  Sent: Wednesday, October 08, 2003 10:06 AM Subject: Re: request for info   I gave it one last shot and searched for UFO and here's what I found:  This is the newspaper article from the Daily World in Aberdeen, WA  9/30/99,  Whatever it was, it wasn¹t a B-2 bomber The mysterious, loud flying object that was sighted by Harborites from Montesano to South Aberdeen on Tuesday night wasn¹t a B-2 bomber, according to the Air Force. ³I spoke to the people at Palmdale and Whiteman and we didn¹t have any of our aircraft in that vicinity at that time,² said Master Sgt. Kevin Walston from the Air Combat Command public affairs office at Langley Air Force Base in Virginia. The Langley office is the official Air Force contact office for B-2 information. ³Whatever the person might have seen, it was not a B-2.² A spokeswoman at McChord Air Force Base said there were no aircraft from McChord in the area on Tuesday night, and this morning, the National Guard unit at Montesano said that none of their units were operating in the area on Tuesday either. Reports on Wednesday described the rumbling, low-flying craft as everything from a commercial jet to a B-2 bomber to a UFO. One South Aberdeen man was certain it was a heavy-lift helicopter. ³It flew right over my house,² he said. ³It was all lit up underneath. I could see all three propellers.²  Hope this is the one.  As I remember, it occurred a couple of months after the Satsop Earthquake (July 2, 1999). The article was not front page news, which surprised  my  wife and I because of how dramatic it was for us. I remember the article mentioning police reports, and seen from Montesano to Aberdeen, and happened around an hour after dusk. The article may have stated something like  military spokesman had said that nothing was noted in the area and had speculated that the object may have been a large helicopter. We did not file any report at the time, but since then recent television shows on UFO's have shown pictures that are very close to what we had seen.  I did a quick search of our 1999 archives for Helicopter Military  River Earthquake and couldn't find the article you are referring to.  If you come up with any more information, let me know and I'll do another search. ((NUFORC Note:  This is a celebrated event, and sighting, in southwestern Washington.  Some of the sightings have been investigated by James Clarkson, Director of the Grays Harbor, Washington, Chapter of the Mutual UFO Network.  PD));47.0368914285714;-123.542442857143
