Coordinated orange lights moving slowly W to E and fading out.  ((NUFORC Note:  Chinese rocket re-entry.  PD));2016-07-27 22:45:00;20 seconds;Coordinated orange lights moving slowly west to east and fading out I was running and heard some people yelling across the street. I stopped and could see three people gathered by the gas station pumps pointing in my direction. I thought I had dropped or done something and kept running. I looked back and they were still pointing and I looked up. I stopped dead in my run and froze. There were around 15 or so orange lights in a pattern moving slowly in the same direction. They all moved at the same speed. I took my headphones out and watched in amazement and then fear. They were quite high, like as high as a jetliner. Moving west to east towards the wasatch mountains. I had to walk forward to keep them in my view so they didn't go behind a home. I watched for almost 10 seconds before they simultaneously faded out. I just stood there and decided to go back and talk to the people at the gas station pump. I asked if anyone had a phone out. None of them did. Everyone was very quiet. They mentioned it had appeared and faded in abou! t 5-10 seconds before they watched me stop and stare as well. Almost reverent that we had seen this. We quickly hypothesized about what it was but after two or three comments everyone agreed it was certainly unlike anything any of us had seen before. We stared at each other and kind of laughed awkwardly. I continued back on my run and it wasn't ten seconds before a wave of emotions came over me and I almost broke down. What had I seen? Why was it so perfect and so coordinated? I have lived in Utah my entire life and never seen anything like this. I have watched as my home is directly in the flight path for the Camp Williams training base with military helicopters of every kind and this was not anything I had seen. Morin have I ever seen anything moving west to east as this would be exactly perpendicular to the landing pattern of the dozens of commercial flights that line up over my house to descend into Salt Lake International airport. I was white as a ghost when I got home! and my wife askednif I was okay. I told her j felt like one o! f those crazy people in the movies and documentaries who go to their death bed standing by what they saw. That is me. I saw what I saw. I am not crazy. I am not mistaken. I am a God fearing Christian (Latter day saint) and I cannot deny what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Chinese rocket re-entry.  PD));40.5565615384617;-111.930161538462
