unexplained diamond shape multi light moves extremely fast then disapears;2007-01-02 10:15:00;8min;unexplained diamond shape multi light moves extremely fast then disapears Ok I would like to say that I for one believe that we are not alone in this world. But I am a bit skeptical what I witnessed last night I am a bit scared and also embarassaed I almost contacted the police station here in town but.But I chose not to appear like an idiot or laughing stock because it was no longer in the sky.  10:15PM I came home from work before I even walked into the apartment I looked up at the sky. I noticed the moon was very bright you can see little puffs of clouds in the sky here and there. I went inside grabbed my dog went outside so she can do her business. Looking north towards plainsboro/princeton a big bright fast moving light shot from south to north at an incredible speed I was so scared I thought something crashed in the corn field off old trenton rd I ran upstairs told my girlfriend and told her I would be right back I walked down the street thinking it was a small plane or something that crashed but there is nothing there. I was scared confused as I began walking back I just glanced over my shoulder to the side of me every now and then because I could not explain what I seen. Something caught my eye half way home to the north west of me I would say 5 miles or more in that direction I watched a big diamond shaped thing made up of lots of flashing lights but these lights seemed like they would fade colors similar to the effect you see from fiber optic tree light. It moved side to side slowly like it did not know which direction to go then the thing shot up to an altitude of about 2000ft just below cloud cover then made a sharp turn heading south so fast it penetrated the cloud then went straight up to the clear sky where all you can see is this amazing fast tiny light move around like a star then disapeared. Please I dont want anyone to think I am a nut or anything but to me this makes no sense I am beating my head trying to explain this I have one question what are you supposed to do when you experience something like this? the cops wont believe you if they do come out they will think you are a wack job. is not like I have a contact phone number for air traffic controller. I know someone else had to see this because they are always planes in the air flying above to philly and newark airports as well as mcguiress air force base so I would think if you where a pilot you had to see this not to mention people driving on old trenton road;40.266;-74.5217
VERY LARGE BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT OBJECT ROTATING OVER 1 HR.  ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising light??  PD));2007-03-30 23:12:00;Around 75 Minutes;NEAR MAIN STREET IN CRANBURY, NJ.  VERY LARGE BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT OBJECT ROTATING OVER 1 HR East Windsor-Cranbury, New Jersey 11:12PM Friday- Midnight Hour+ Saturday  75 minutes Cranbury,NJ(East of Main Street) VERY Bright LARGE White Light Rotating Clockwise in the partly cloudy night sky. High as cloud cover.Watched it over 1 hour in same spot rotating.  Not a tower too high & none are currently out there. Definitely not a plane.  A UFO! ANYONE WITNESS IT PLEASE POST ALL INFORMATION FOR NUFORC.  Unfortunately I did not have or was able to get camera at the time. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report elects to remain anonymous provides e-mail address only.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising light??  PD));40.266;-74.5217
