Fireballs turning into plane like objects.;2012-11-18 17:00:00;45 minutes;Fireballs turning into plane like objects My fiancé and I were walking around on 116th and Harlem Ave and noticed 3 bright red/orange lights in the eastern sky, twice the size of large stars, in a triangle form, they slowly started moving away, got smaller, as small as a plane in the sky, then turned into what looked like planes because they had small flashing white and red lights, exactly how planes do in the sky, and flew Northeast.   Then smaller lights started appearing out of no where, and within 5 minutes went for smaller orange/red lights into these large lights hovering and would slowly move then stop and hover some more all while turning brighter and brighter and larger, almost like they were going to burst. After getting extremely bright and large they would then get smaller and smaller and eventually turn into small plane lighting objects and fly northeast.  There were as many as 4-6 in the sky as once and when they changed and flew away more would come out of nowhere and repeat the cycle.   We're very active sky watchers and this was something we've never seen before so we called a non emergency number in Worth IL, and reported the sight to have possibly have someone else come and see them.  A police officer was able to come by, he didn't get out of the car but said he noticed them as he was turning into the lot we were in. His first thought was Chinese lanterns, however, I've seen lanterns before but there was no way they were lanterns because of the distance they were incomparions to the brightness, as well as the way they were flying, stopping and changing shape.  He finally just said he doesn't know then, and said it was weird, and that he was going to drive closer to the area.  After about 50 mins no more appearing and we left.  They made no sound, and the strangest part was how they turned into what one might think are airplanes in the sky after being so larger and bright, almost like fireballs in the sky, but turning into planes and flying away, and the only! reason I keep saying plane like object is because of the way ! they loo ked like when they got small and flew away, they had a small red blinking light like planes do with a constant small white light.;41.689;-87.7803
