Bright light seen streaking across suburban Chicago sky.;2010-09-12 01:40:00;10 seconds;Bright light seen streaking across suburban Chicago sky. At approximately 1:40 a.m., we witnessed a bright white light that streaked from east to west across the sky over Worth, Illinois.  It did not appear to be a meteor, and seemed to be inside our own atmosphere.  The actual craft or object disappeared in about a second, but left a trail (much like a jet-stream) that took several seconds to fade away.  The stream did not stretch for the entire length that the object traveled, but only about a quarter of it.  The stream also appeared to glow a bit, like the tail of a comet.  The entire duration of the sighting, from first sight until the stream faded away, was about ten seconds.;41.689;-87.7803
Fireballs appear out of nowhere and morph shapes as they hover away.;2012-11-18 17:00:00;50 minutes;Fireballs appear out of nowhere and morph shapes as they hover away. My fiance' and I went out to take a walk. We looked to the east and a few miles away we seen fireballs hovering, lining up in formations (triangles, straight lines), changing shape, and moving. We watched more and more appear out of nowhere.  A bright light would start to form into something bigger and bigger, red and orangish.  It would stand still then slowly move to the east. Every object basically did the same thing, line up, hover, and then proceed to the east, one after another.  They would move east, we lost them behind trees, and then just fade away into the sky as if they were planes in a distance with no navigation lights.  Every move they made seemed to be for a reason. After about 20 minutes of watching we decided to call the local Police.   An officer pulled up to us and watched for about 10 minutes and made comments such as, That's weird, and Maybe were under attack. The officer pulled off in hopes of getting closer to the objec! ts.  We watched for another 20 minutes before the last one just sat there. We left in frusteration because we knew we would never find the real truth.  It became frusterating watching objects so close to you and where your loved ones live and having no control as to what can happen next.;41.689;-87.7803
