I wasted 40 minutes of my life gazing at flashing lights;2003-11-06 22:00:00;about 40 minutes;I wasted40 minutes of my life gazing at flashing lights Hello! First of all , I want to get this clear, I don't fully believe in U.F.O.'s. I am simply a victim of being at the right place at darn near the wrong time.  I was on my way to the bathroom, and I heard the dogs in the neighbor hood all going crazy. I sliped on my pants and went to check on my dogs. while on my way to the back of the house, I began hearing this noise, like a big airplane or something,so I then thought maybe it was some truckdriver coming by, but anyway, I went outside stood in the back yard and of course looked for the source of the yard, finding nothing. Although the noise was still there, well more like pass over, so I walked around the side of the house to the front yard and still I saw nothing (BUT STARS!!, It was clear as day) I didn't waste no more time.  I wrote it off as alow flying plane and sarted up the steps,Looked back one more time and this time I saw about 6-8 helicopter type things. the noise was still there but it sounded like it stopped,not the noise the noisemaker. the heilcopter things had a blue and red flashing light and if they were indeed helicopters, they where to high to be heard but the flashing lights could be seen good enough to tell it was a light in the front and one in the back. Now back to the big noisemaker that has stopped or landed,well first of all I knew that an airplane couldn't stop in mid air, and also there are no airports around my house. I went into the house to get my girlfriends opinion and we both came back to look.  now about two of the flashing lght things appeared to be going towards the noise and the rest are moving around like helicopters.(just hovering, but still together). then about maybe 30 sec. later and one of the flashing light things came back towards the other flashing things but this time it was moving much faster than at first. Then the group started to break up and it look like two of the flashing things stayed in spot and just flashed.  Now for someone who could give a hoot nanny bout the whole outer space subject, I can say that for last night I spent about 40 minutes of my life trying to fix a good view at Hell,I guess Either nearly dead stars or helicopters and I heard the first airplane that landed in N.W. Moultrie, Ga. I couldn't explain then and I can't explain now, so I wanted to  share that with everyone.;31.1487269662921;-83.7368977528091
