Spring of 1975, 20 miles North of Tifton, Ga. at 2AM while driving South on I-75;1975-04-15 02:00:00;15 Seconds;Spring of 1975, 20 miles North of Tifton, Ga. at 2AM while driving South on I-75 I was living in Tennessee in early 1975 and had decided to move to the Ft Lauderdale area.  My wife and I were traveling South on Interstate 75 in the Spring of 1975, we were making a trip to the Ft. Lauderdale area to check things out.  I liked driving at night because there was a lot less traffic and much nicer traveling.   I remember very clearly that night I saw the UFO, there was no mistaking what it was.  It was approximately 2AM in the morning and my wife had fallen asleep while I was driving South.   I remember it was a very beautiful night that night and there was not a cloud in the sky.   I even remember sticking my head out the driver side window to look at the constellations a few times.  It was South Ga. and there were no city lights and the stars were magnificant that night, like I said, not a clould in the sky.   Then, all of a sudden, the entire Interstate highway in front of me was completely lit up as though it was daytime.  The road is very flat in that part of S. Ga, so I could see cars for several miles in front of me on both sides of the road.   I was amazed that the whole Interstate was suddenly lit up in a manner very similar to the light when a large lighting bolt lights up everything.  But there were no clouds or lightening bolts that night, only perfect weather.   As the light stayed lit, I began searching the sky and my view from left to right trying to figure out where all the light was coming from... Then I saw it perfectly through the rear passenger window, as it was just hovering in the sky.  It was enormous!   At first it looked like a full moon because it was a perfect sphere, but it was 10 times the size of a full moon.  It was only a couple hundred yards from the Interstate, and it was very low to the ground.  I couldn't believe my eyes!  I knew exactly what it was the second I saw it because I knew we don't have any technology that is perfectly a sphere, can hover like that, and 10 times the size of a full moon.   And, the colors were amazing.  The whole sphere was a solid bright green color, and all around the perimeter the light colors appeared to be a red and organge flashing of colors.  My guess was that the perimeter colors of the sphere was reflecting the propulsion system as they went completely around the sphere.   So here I am, still driving but totally focused on looking at the amazing, huge, bright colored sphere.  Then, as I was looking at it through my passenger rear glass, it went from standing still in the sky to shooting 180 degrees across my front windshield.  It went from standing still, to completely across my horizon in less than 2 seconds.  I had no doubt whatsoever what it was knowing that we have never had technology that can move that fast.   Then, I noticed that I was just approaching an Interstate exit, I was in the area of 20 miles north of Tifton Ga.  The exit had one of those very tall gas signs which use to be so popular.  As I was approaching the exit, my wife suddendly woke up in an absolute panic.  She started screaming, stop the car, stop the car, the car is on fire!   I immediately said to her to look at the tall gas sign, as I wanted her to see that the sign was complete enveloped in a type of smoke from the UFO.  She saw it, but it took me a minute to convince her that the car was not on fire.  But what really happended was that she was smelling the smoke left behind by the UFO as it tore across the sky at light speed and the reason I asked her to look at the tall gas sign, was because she was sleeping when I saw the UFO and I wanted whatever proof she could still see, I filled her in on the details later.   Oh yea, one more thing that always amazed me, the smoke actually smelded like honeysickels.... Really!  It did not smell like smoke at all, it was absoultely the sweet smell of honeysickles.   This UFO what I now believe to be a mother ship, but that would take more explanation.  Maybe another time, as this is the first time I have ever told this story except occasionally to friends.;31.4596170731707;-83.5278243902439
