Observed jet fighters discharging flares over the White Mountain area of NH;2002-06-18 21:00:00;15-30 mins;Observed jet fighters discharging flares over the White Mountain area of NH I am a police dispatcher in the Lakes Region of NH.  I am also an avid night sky watcher, but I do not profess to have a great knowledge of the constellations.      On 6/18/01, Tuesday, at between 2045-2115 hours, I was sitting in the parking lot of the local Burger King, which overlooks the lake.  This location looks west and north.  I first noticed the lights in the cloud cover that appeared to be fireworks, but realized it was too high in sky.  The location of the lights were in the North and appeared to over the White Mountain area, possibly the Sandwich, NH, area. After a short while, I used my binoculars to watch, and could clearly see white strobe lights of aircraft.  I realized then it was jet fighters who have often practiced over the White Mountain area.  As seen on tv shows, they were clearly dogfighting or doing practice bombing or straffing runs and dropping the the chaff or flares, to practice avoiding anti-aircraft fire.  The show lasted about one half hour and they left and flew to the west. I believe there are F-16 fighter places in Vermont with the Air National Guard, and have seen A-10's many, many times in the Sandwich, NH, area. There were several flights coming and going from Laconia Airport, at which time NO planes were aluminated by any strange lights. This was clearly and without question a training flight of some sort and nothing at unusal happened. PS. when the flares were released, they appeared to be in a counter-clockwise direction, forming an arc and always being about 6 in number. I hope this helps with any questions people might have. ((NUFORC Note:  A description of this event can be found on the NUFORC homepage.  PD));43.5728;-71.4787000000001
unusual sound like a large invisible object rising from the ground into the skydisturbed all dogs in neighborhood;2014-11-01 05:30:00;10 minutes;Unusual sound like a large invisible object rising from the ground into the sky disturbed all dogs in neighborhood. I was walking my dog down my street and heard a loud noise, hard to describe, sort of like an engine or a huge compressor of some kind, starting at ground level about 1/8 mile in front of me, then as it grew louder, it also rose toward the sky, very weird.  The air felt charged again, hard to describe.  The sound grew louder until it seemed like it was very high above me, then faded quickly into the distance.   Immediately after it stopped, all the neighborhood dogs went crazy, even from inside houses I could hear them barking.  My own dog acted confused when he heard it, then also started barking when it stopped.  I got the sense that there was something in front of me making the noise even though I couldn't see it, and that it simply rose up and flew away.   When I returned from my walk, my mom asked me what the sound was, she thought maybe air brakes on a large semi truck.  Though the sound had that kind of quality to it, it was much louder and went straight up and no vehicles were on the street that could have made that sound.  It's something I have never heard before.;43.5728;-71.4787000000001
