Light beamed over top and front of car;1982-10-15 19:00:00;15 mins;Light beamed over top and front of car I was a lifeguard at Lake City Country Club during my freshman year at college.  After work, my girlfriends and I would go to a cul de sac in the back of the country club to hang out and party.  They were building new homes back there, but none were completed. The road was completed and allowed for some privacy, as few cars ever drove by.  That night we,  (there were three of us in the front seat),  were just pulling up to the back of the cul de sac(before having any drinks), when a bright light came over the top of the car.  The three of us were unable to move, it was like we were frozen in time.  We were facing forward and we were unable to communicate or move.  I guess during this time the car shut off.  We all came out of this trance at the same time.  We all began to cry simultaneously and I tried quickly to get the car started to get out of there.  At about the same time we noticed truck lights behind us on the main road leading to the cul de sac. The truck passed and we left as quickly as possible.  What we remebered, we all recounted pretty much exactly the same things, was that the car was shaking, like it was lifted up and dropped.  This was at the very beginning I think, so maybe it was the fact that I could not move and because the car was a stick shift, shook as it was out of gear and shut off?  When we came back, the car was difficult to start and that may have been the fear, maybe I was unable to simply start it, but I do recall the cassette deck being screwed up and the clock on the dash.  We all estimated we had lost about ten to fifteen minutes as we knew when we arrived. We went to a local bowling alley and got a guy we knew to go back with us to see if anything was there.  Unfortunately, we were too frightened and opted to stay down the road about a mile, while he did it alone.  He laughed at us and, of course, this became a joke with our other friends.  I spoke with my father about it later that night and he said it must have been something,(because I had not bee! n home on a Saturday night @9:00 PM since I was in Junior High).  Anyway, I am 38 now, A Financial Planner, sane individual.  All three of us grew up to be responsible, educated, professinal adults.  However, I am unable to forget this event.  Please, I am open to any insight. I witnessed another similar event after this one, I posted that earlier this year.  One of the same girls was with me again. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));30.1717069306931;-82.6451663366336
I saw a very brightly lit object traveling very slowly and silently.  It was so bright I couldn’t make out the shape. ((rocket launch));2018-06-29 05:50:00;3 minutes;I observed a very brightly lit object traveling very slowly and silently.  It was so bright I couldn’t make out the shape of it.  In its wake, was a relatively smaller and less brightly-lit orb maintaining the same distance the whole 3 minutes I observed it.  The sun hadn’t risen yet and the leading object was lighting a large patch of the sky and leaving a luminescent trail behind.  When I first began watching it, it appeared to be heading east and made a gradual arc toward the south southeast and seemed to be maintaining the same altitude. ((NUFORC Note:  Rocket launch from Cape Kennedy at 05:57.  PD));30.1717069306931;-82.6451663366336
