Object appeared just below the Big Dipper. Colors were red,yellow,green and blue.  Seemed to descend as we watched it.  Began to ascend;2003-11-14 22:30:00;2 hours;Object appeared just below the Big Dipper. Colors were red,yellow,green and blue.  Seemed to descend as we watched it.  Began to ascend after about 20 minutes.  I watched it through my telescope until 00:30.  As it ascended it left a flume or wake behind.  It eventually stopped and was in the shape of a ball with low burning lights pulsing from it.  More objects have begun to appear over the last week.  Last night, my friend and I counted six objects, all with the same colors, red,green,blue and red.  There was one object located on each side of the Big Dipper, both seemed to be on the same parallel.  There were also four obejcts in the western sky.  One of the objects near the Big Dipper was in the shape of a triangle.  As these objects ascended, they took the shape of a ball, with low burning lights pulsing from it.  It almost seems that each comes to a rest as if they are awaiting orders to move.  I was reluctant to file the first report but with so many last night and the fact they have been present almost every night since the first sighting, I felt this was the right thing to do.  The witnesses to these events has been myself and two different neighbors.  I tried to photograph one of the objects but it was too far away.  I know this is not something from this world as no sound has ever been heard and they are very distinct in the heavens due to their brilliant collors and pulsing lights.  It would seem to me that you all should have the ability to see these lights due to their distance from the earth and appearing in the same general area nightly.;31.3188;-81.9568
sunday afternoon on hwy 32 1.5 mil east of hortense ga i noticed a bright silver dollar light in my left hand rear mirror. i thought mo;2006-09-24 18:00:00;3;sunday afternoon on hwy 32 1.5 mil east of hortense ga i noticed a bright silver dollar light in my left hand rear mirror. i thought moon but the moon was in a different part of the sky, therefore i thought chopper. many mil. bases in area. so i being that i fly and love aircraft , lowered my window and lowered the radio to my suprise no sound! I met a car the light in my mirror went off! The car passes the light reappears. strange? This reoccurs 2 times. I approach the stop sign in hortense and the ufo accelerates from my speed 45mph aprox. to 300 plus? hard to say  i also raced drag racers would loved to had that under my hood but there was still no sound. you said keep it short this reoccured several times after the stop sign. I always said that I would go with them but my knees were week that nite. met a lady few weeks later from that area she said they see them all the time something chased her daughter and husband into the house a few days afeter that! swamp gas? HOLD ON NEXT STORY VERY TRUE BUT BETTER A MAN THAT WAS AT ROSWELL CRASH SIGHT 1 DIED IN CRASH 1 SHOT BY GOVT 1 CAPTURED HE FED THE CAPTURED ALIEN AND SAID IT ONLY ATE ROTTEN FOOD MANS NAME IS HERSHEL GRICE CLAXTON GA I CAN ONLY TELL YOU HIS NAME BECAUSE HE LIVED WITH THE FEAR OF WHAT OUR USA W WOULD DO TO HIM BY THE WAY HIS GAY SON WORKS AT THE PENTAGON????!!!JUST A FACT I HAVE NOTHING AGAINST GAYS BUT IT IS A THOUGHT.;31.3188;-81.9568
