Flashing light hovers in sky.;2013-01-06 20:30:00;30 minutes;Flashing light hovers in sky It was the night of January 6th, 2013 around the time of 8:30pm.  I was riding in the car with two other individuals on the road 926, in Kennett Square, Pa.  We began to make a right turn onto School House Road.  I was sitting in the back seat of the car behind the drivers seat. I just happened to look out the window when a flashing light hovering about 100 yards above a tree line which caught my eye.  It was approximately 150 yards away from the road or right where a field meets a tree line.  I asked the two other passengers in the front seat what it was because I know there are no towers, or anything in that area that flash light the way this object was.  Initially it was brushed off and regarded as a helicopter or something of that nature.  However, as we continued to travel up the road I kept watching the object and totally rejected the notion of this being a helicopter or anything of that nature. The craft emitted flashing lights, but in a pattern from left to right and each was its own individual square.  Other than the light being completely unnatural for the area, size, the way they blinked left to right and the overall length of the lights flashing across the craft it also sat perfectly still.  I drew attention to the craft again, sighting the fact that it was not moving and there was no way this was a helicopter.  Both the driver and passenger looked out the window to the left again until our driver agreed this was no helicopter and there was no explanation for what it was. We came to the next intersection of School House Road and Longwood Road, where we made a left turn, traveling maybe 75 to 100 yards up the road before we stopped, pulled over and were parallel with the object.  The object again was on our left, sitting perfectly still, continuing to flash lights from what seemed to be left to right.  We watched for a total of thirty minutes.  During this period of sitting on the side of the road the craft moved, and I cant describe this in any other way than “like an alien spaceship would” quickly shifting from left to right but very smoothly.  As it was moving, it going away from us.  It eventually stopped a fair distance away but still close enough to see very easily. This is when the weird got weirder, before it began to move it appeared to be sitting horizontally, as it moved away it seemed to turn almost vertical and the flashing light went around the craft a faster.  As I said before it settled again and went horizontal like it was before and hovered perfectly still.   As we continued to watched I noticed a plane flying in from the right side of the sky, and this plane was “hauling ass”.  The plane went directly underneath the craft but at some distance below it, than banking a hard left out and away.  The plane lingered out the far left of the craft.  The craft eventually moved away far enough and we had watched it long enough to leave. However, this is not the end.  After we decided to drive away, we turned around and went back on School House Road, making a left going towards Route 1.  We stopped at a Wawa, when we parked, we parked one spot away from a man in a green Chevrolet pickup truck.  The man was wearing a dark olive fleece with a United States flag stitched to the side of his arm.  He was 100% military the only weird thing about that is, he was sitting there listening to a some sort of radio, CB?  I have no clue.  Now all this may just be a coincidence however, if you were to know where we live like I do, you would know you never see a “G man” sitting outside of a Wawa on a Sunday night listening to a radio the night people happen to be witnessing a UFO sighting.  He seemed to be intently listening to a radio... Coincidence or there for a reason you decide but it looked very suspicious given the very recent prior event.  Did I mention the fact that what we saw as far as lights go looked identic! al to a craft caught on tape Christmas day in the same county... Ya.  The only thing is none of us could provide a 100% description of what shaped the craft was due to it being dark but our consensus was circular because of the way the flashing light looked as it moved left to right. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.854;-75.7044000000001
Unknown Lights;2017-04-20 00:10:00;15 minutes;Unknown Lights I was talking to my girl friend in Elsmere, Delaware, and went out onto my deck.  I looked up and the clouds were lighting up with a ton of different colors.   I asked her to step out and look and she did.  She was seeing the exact same think I was.  I tried to record on my cell but got nothing but our conversation.  She was in tears telling me what she was seeing, but did not record any of the event.  I made two recordings, but cannot see anything in them.  Thought it was northern lights, but I was facing south.  No noise.  Colors red brown, yellow, blue, purple, and another color best described as black.  No white lights at all.;39.854;-75.7044000000001
