Disk shaped ufo covered with green lights  in sugar cane field then took off into space.;2013-02-15 02:00:00;2 minutes;Disk shaped ufo covered with green lights  in sugar cane field then took off into space. It was about 2:00 am when my cousin and I were bored at my house, so we decided to go for a drive out to lake Okeechobee.  Belle Glade is a small town surrounded by miles and miles of farm land and to get out to the lake we have to drive on a road between the fields. I was I think 17 at the time but I was driving my truck out to the lake with my cousin riding in the passenger seat, about halfway down the road you have to make a left turn.   As soon as I made the turn we both noticed a bright green light sitting in one of the sugar cane fields about 100 yards away from us.  We both didn’t say anything, we just kept our eyes glued to this light and after a few seconds the ufo shot up into the sky about 100 feet within the blink of an eye and it sat there hovering for about 10 seconds, which was enough to makout what it looked like.  It looked to be a disk shaped object with green lights all the way around it.  After a few seconds of it sitting in place, it finally ! took off into space so fast that the green lights turned into green streaks across the sky.  My cousin and I sat in silence for a few minutes with the most shocking look on our faces and the first thing both of us said was “please tell me you saw that” and we both did, we still talk about it to this day and I’m 21.   I’ve worked on a farm my whole life and I’ve worked in the same field that the ufo came out of, which shocked me even more.  I went to that field the next day and some of the sugar cane was laying on the ground and it was in the shape of the object I saw.  Every once in a while I can see some fields that have had crop pushed down only in specific spots with no explanation at all.  That memory will forever be burned into my mind.  I’ve also had 2 other encounters, one of the encounters happened a few months after that when I was taking a shortcut through the farm to get home late one night and I saw about 6 red lights in the sky following each other at a fast rate of speed and then they all just shot off into space, one after the! other e xtremely fast.  The other time was when I was about 12 walking down a dirt road with 2 of my cousins (one of them was the one that saw the green ufo a few years later) and there are cow pastures on each side of us with barbed wire fences.  The fences were about 40 yards apart from each other with the dirt road we were on right in the middle of them.  As we were walking we see this almost human like creature that was about 7 feet tall, slender body, with 2 arms, running on 2 legs but it’s legs bent the other way like an Ostrich and it was running very fast.  All 3 of us were watching this thing run across the cow pasture and when it reached the fence in one jump it cleared the first fence, all the way across the road, and over the other fence.  All in one jump and hit the ground running the same pace it was going without even trying it seemed like. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));26.6875;-80.6708
