The green light zoomed across the lake leaving a splitting wake that parted the water.;2008-07-12 09:00:00;10 min;The green light zoomed across the lake leaving a splitting wake that parted the water. On July 12, 2008,me and two of my friends  from norman, Oklahoma were at lake Texhoma. We were on a deck boat driving to go to a club that was located on the other side of my friends dock. As we started getting closer to the club I realized I didn’t have my ID and we figured they wouldn’t let me in without identification, so we decided we would just drive around and look at the nice house boats that were close to the club. After we were done looking at the boats we decided to go back to my friend’s lake house.  To get to his lake house we had to go underneath a train bridge that went the width of the of the lake. There is a shore that is approximately 200 yards straight in front of us that has a hill that is about 30 feet high. On top of the hill on the shore we saw a white light that kind of looked like a spotlight or a lighthouse light. Our first thought was that the light was coming from the boat patrol, but as we continued to watch the light, the object somehow went from the top of the hill to the water. At this time we know that it wasn’t a spotlight or a lighthouse light, because not only did the object move from the hill to the water but it began to move on the water like it was a boat except it was moving too smoothly for a boat, and the object was making no sound. We couldn’t tell exactly what the light was connected to because the lake was completely dark. As we drifted across the lake in neutral, the object met us at an angle about 50 feet from the no wake zone. That’s when we realized that the object was to big to be a yacht or a boat house. The object was so large that we actually had to look up and down, left and right to see the full length and width of the object.  We started to getting closer to the object when we noticed that we going to wreck into the object if we didn’t turn, so we turned to our right where there was a smaller object approximately 15 feet next to us. The object emitted a green light and sat! stationary as we watched it trying to figure out if it was an! other de ck boat but we couldn’t see anything except the green light and silhouette of what the light was connected to. In the middle of us arguing about what the object was, the green light took off without any noise across the lake going along the train bridge within less than 0:01.5 second leaving a trail from the wake it created when it took off. After we saw the green light disappear we noticed that the larger object had disappeared as well. This event changed my belief in UFOs and other paranormal wonders of the world.  I believe that whatever me and my friends saw was not manmade, and if it was manmade then there is some kind of military weapon or vehicles that unknown to the rest of the world.;36.5253;-101.8394
