I was standing outside to smoke just before David Letterman tonight.  I always smoke outside, never inside but, I do not ever expect t;2000-04-28 22:28:00;10 seconds;I was standing outside to smoke just before David Letterman tonight.  I always smoke outside, never inside but, I do not ever expect to see anything strange.  Barksdale Air Force Base is about three miles south of my house.  Generally, aircraft are flying about here quite frequently.  At 10:28 p.m. there were no planes, and I was thinking only of the show about to start.   I was facing directly East.  There are some street lights in backyards which illuminate trees and yards that surround my yard.  Suddenly to my left, North, I noticed something entering from behind me into my field of vision.  I turned my head to the left, North, to see something about four times the size of an eagle in flight.  It was light or off-white colored.  The shape was that of a large bird or boomerang.  Immediately, I thought, it's not a bird, maybe a big kite.  Although there was no wind, and it was travelling about the same height as the Blue Angels were a week and a half ago when they frequently flew over this same backyard preparing for their two day air show at Barksdale.   My mind quickly returned to the idea of it being a bird, but it was way too big to be a bird.  And, I wanted to see wings flap.  Rather, it just soared without any flapping.  At that time, I started to panic and think UFO because I realized there were absolutely no lights, or sounds associated with it.  I lost vision of it because of a tree line.  Although, after losing sight of it, I did move around in the yard hoping I could spot it, then became fearful and ran inside to tell my son.  It was 10:30 when I was back inside. I saw a light colored boomerang shape soaring across my backyard at 10:28 p.m. on April 28, 2000.  It was completely silent and perhaps 200 feet above me.  There are street lights inside two neighboring yards which illuminated it.  When it first came into my field of vision I was facing East, and saw something approaching from behind me which was West, and to my left, or North.  It seemed at first to be the size of a huge bird, perhaps four times the size of an Eagle's wingspread.  But, there was no sound of wings flapping.  And, there was only the movement of it travelling straight across from West to East soaring, not flapping wings.  That's when I relized that it was not a bird.  Of course, when I had initially thought of it perhaps being a bird, I also was thinking it was the biggest bird I had ever seen.  At that time I knew I was losing sight of it because it was approach a tree line which I knew would obscure it from my sight.  I quickly moved around the yard to try to catch another sight of it, but did not.  I knew that because there were absolutely no lights, nor sound, that it might have been a UFO.  I rushed inside to tell my son, and saw that it was then 10:30 p.m.  I estimate that I was looking at it soaring past me for about eight seconds, no less than five, and no more than ten seconds.  I am about to return to the yard to smoke again, and hope I get to see this once again, but I rather doubt that I will.  Silent, no lights, boomerang shape.  I only could view the underside of it from my vantage point.  Thank you.;32.5264268041237;-93.6944030927836
