Several Hundred Foot Long Orange/Gold Cylindrical Object;2009-10-24 20:35:00;1 - 2 minutes;Several Hundred Foot Long Orange/Gold Cylindrical Object Saturday evening October 24th was a realtively clear night after several days of rain.  What clouds there were, were light in nature and sparse and could be seen at a height exceeding (approximately) 20 - 25,000 feet.  At approximately 8:35 PM, My two sons and I were driving southbound on Main street (n Crystal Lake) heading towards Rakow road when my oldest son (who was sitting in the front passenger seat of our minivan) pointed out that he was seeing some very strange lightening flashes. I told him that there shouldn't be an lightening as there was too few clouds and no rain ot severe weather at that time.  He then directed my attention to a small patch of semi-transparent clouds that were very high in the sky (as stated above).  From this small patch of cloud, bright/intense multi-colored lights could be observed flashing in a strobe-light-like fashion in what seemd like a definite pattern... there were blue, white, green lights and gold lights flashing v! ery quickly one after another and almost to the point (at times) of occuring simulaneously at times. the entire sky lit-up - but only where the small patch of clouds was, the light's did not flash far beyond the cloud patch - if at all.  As the ligth's flashed, the cloud became virtually transparent and the shape of an object could be seen. It was very large - especially considering the height it was estimated at being at and was long, thin, and cylindrical/cigar shaped.  We observed the flashing lights for approximately one to two minutes. The second to the last flash we observed, lit-up the entire cloud patch in bright white - making it completely transparent which allowed us to see a much clearer outline of the cylindrical/cigar shaped object itself!  The bright white flash stayed lit for approximately 5 - 7 seconds, which allowed us to see that the object was an orange-ish gold color and was several hundred feet long (on the low-end) and up to approximately 1000 feet long on the high-end. There was one last flash of white/gold light that we observed before the object vanished. The following day, my kids and I checked in with the Lake in the Hills Airport about what we had seen and to check if any one else had contacted them, and were told that there had been no other reports made on this incident.;42.2358305555556;-88.3351222222224
