Heard a repeating pattern of music notes during a severve thunderstorm;2002-08-22 02:14:00;45 mins;Heard a repeating pattern of music notes during a severve thunderstorm My husband woke me up and asked me if I hear the music. I wanted to kill him for waking me up but just then I heard the notes. It was very similar to the notes and pattern in the movie Close Encounters but had six notes not five. He knew I heard it and gave a sigh of relief. It did it again an couple of seconds later and this time I said, Whoa, it sounds just like the song in Close Encounters. My husband was so happy. he said he had been listening to it for about 15 mins and thought he was losing his mind. He had to wake me up to see if it was real or not. He said he purposely said music so as not to influence what I said I heard. I then said well the kids must be watching the movie or have a radio on even though it was repeating too often for me to really believe this. We opened our bedroom window and it was much louder and definately coming from outside. My heart was beating about a thousand miles an hour now and we went through the entire house checking every TV, radio, etc. We opened the garage to check the car radios and the hot tub (has a radio).It was storming unbeliveably outside, lightening and thundering like crazy but you could hear it plain as day. Sometimes it would get faster but always the same notes in the pattern. We went back to the bedroom and had the window cracked alittle because it was raining so hard when there was a boom which was similar to a sonic boom, it was that intense of a crack and the entire sky went completely white. This was no thunderbolt. The entire sky was completely white for about 2 or 3 seconds. After that we continued to hear the notes but they were much fainter and sounded much farther away.This was so completely weird and its freaking us out. My husband keeps saying that he had to have someone else verify what he heard. I know without a doubt what we heard but have to admitt I'd love knowing others did too.;42.2358305555556;-88.3351222222224
Reddish lights over Crystal Lake/Barrington area twice in 3 weeks pics by seprate parties taken.;2011-07-03 22:30:00;3 min;Redish lights over Crystal Lake/Barrington area twice in 3 weeks pics by seprate parties taken. The Neighbor and I were at his house looking into the W sky and had seen an Organge/Redish light pretty define large.  Couldn't get the shape of it because of the distance, but he color was bright. It didn't appear to be an aircraft because there was a plane flying around the area from O’Hare airport, you can see the difference.   The light was running a steady fast stream for about 2-3 min. It was long enough to talk about it and compare it to the Aircraft.  Then just like an amber fade it was gone in mid-Air.  I know there were Fireworks that night and know it wasn't that I was seeing because I was at the Fireworks of Crystal Lake earlier.   Also, the light was way too distanced to be a firework.  I just had to put that in there for the Skeptics.  This is the second time I had seen and reported this in my life and it falls less then a month away from each other!!  Also reading the Barrington report of 22 witnesses you can add two more to that report on the 3rd of Jul! y 2011!!   I think there might be some new spy Government craft not declared yet or only other option the UNKNOWN things that are seeming to take interest in this area!!  I will try and post my pic of the Reddish glowing object behind the clouds that I took on the 22nd of June that I reported.  It didn't make it to this site. I tried to contact the 800 number and was frustrated at who I talked to and hung-up. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not have a 1-800- number.  PD));42.2358305555556;-88.3351222222224
