A storm was moving in that evening, and we watched what first looked like someone shining a spotlight into the sky.  This is what we th;2001-11-24 17:00:00;5-7 hrs;A storm was moving in that evening, and we watched what first looked like someone shining a spotlight into the sky.  This is what we thought it was until we realized that these lights were moving very rapidly behind the clouds in the west and north. These lights, sometimes alone sometimes multiple, seemed to be chasing each other playing or dancing, changing colors from white to red, then yellow, then green and blue.  The colors were not bright, but muted or pastel.  My husband had the impression of children playing tag.  They moved fairly fast from south to north, skimming the edges of the clouds at the edge of the storm front, peeking through the clouds in the north, but most of the activity was in the western quadrant.  We live in an isolatd forest area 12 miles from town. These lights continued intermittenly for aprox  6 hours.  Myself, my husband and two house guests also observed the lights.  Three of us are of American Indian decent.  My husband and I also observed a similar light object, orange and yellow and red, in Aug 1996, in the west sky at aprox 8 pm EST.  I am having a hard time describing what  we saw,  because the words don't fit the vision. If you could imagine a flash light being shown through a prism,  so that as the light moved it also changed color, only on a much larger scale.   There was no definate shape, just and eliptical light source.  Since the sun had already set, I ruled out the possibility of sun rays through the clouds producing a sort of rainbow, but rainbows don't flitter across the sky from south to north.  My husband's impression was that the movement was not random, but controled.;41.5145;-79.3631
Four Green Meteors ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of re-entering space debris.  PD));2004-06-26 22:50:00;1 minute;Four Green Meteors These craft seemed to be of the green meteor variety. They traveled soundlessly from horizon to horizon, from the northwest to the southeast. There were four total. The brightest one was approximately the size of a pea held at arm's length and shown with a greenish, hazy light (approximately 2 or 3 times the brightness of Sirius -- without the haze surrounding the object, it would have been much brighter). Approximately half a degree to the right (SW) of the brightest object, two smaller, dimmer objects flew along side, one behind the other close enough that the second one seemed to fly inside the trail of the leading object. A fourth object flew to the left (NE) of the bright one it was perhaps 4 standard magnitudes dimmer than the brightest.  All four objects traveled at a uniform, unchanging speed relative both to the ground and to each other (they never changed formation), and all four left a long trail behind them (approximately 4 degrees long), narrow at the emission point and fanning out much as an aircraft contrail does. None of them blinked or winked in any fashion and burned steadily for their entire transit across the sky. Their speed was much slower than the standard streaking shooting star but still 300-500 mph faster than a typical high-altitude jet liner. As mentioned earlier, they made no noise. It is difficult to estimate altitude but I would guess it to be somewhere between 10,000 to 30,000 feet (but this is could be very wrong). They traveled approximately 20 degrees to the north of the zenith (they passed close to the two pointer stars of Ursa Major, through the bowl of Ursa Minor, through the coil of Draco, into Cygnus near the star Deneb, and into Delphinus before disappearing behind a hill).  I know these were most likely meteors, but I thought I would send a report just in case. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of re-entering space debris.  PD));41.5145;-79.3631
