2 in car driving to Naples Me, followed ? bright flashing white/blue lights others saw from houses we never sleep now;2003-04-16 23:00:00;45min.;2 in car driving to Naples Me, followed ? bright flashing white/blue lights others saw from houses we never sleep now MY friend and I were driving to our friends house it was rather late because we had just gotten my aunt at the airport and droped her off at her house in Portland. We got about half way through limington on back roads to get to Naples when we both started to see this bright blueish white light there was in between 5-7 light in a row going im a downward direction. The ship seemed to be in the woods blinking every 30 secounds.we poundered what it was for a few min. not panicing at first thinking that that was strange. Driving on thinking it was gone now because the lights were not apparent now we both were a little freaked out but in a pumped way we both wished we had our cam. but we didnt we got about 1 mile and a 1/2 when suddenly the light was just there again in the woods a little bit higher now but this time much brighter and more freakwent flashing light. now I am scared I tell my freind to speed but he says he dosnt want to break the speed limit finally when he said ok screw it were getting away from this thing the car starts runnig strange and the radio was now going static I  about started to cry ( I have always belived in this type of thing but never thought that it would happen to me.)   so here we are the car acting up both in shock/panic now.  Thelight still there near the tree tops and still just as bright. when we noticed how close we were to our friends house maby 5 miles to the house now this is the part that made me relly confused a car went by us and when  looked back there were no break lights behind us we got to our friends house freaked out as hell both of didnt sleep the hole night we wacthed eachother like hawks as if we were against each other or somthing the next day we wnt to my friends down the road a little bit befor returning to back to our friends house he had also seen it when we went to the stor i overherd a guy talking about how strang things were happening last night it was strange-the dogs barked all night-we stayed up and others also saw it ((NUFORC Note:  One of two similar reports from Maine, submitted by the same witness.  PD));43.7263;-70.6769
