Craft with three lights on the rear creating a triangle cruising across the sky before turning around to the north and disappearing.;2002-05-13 22:45:00;8-10 minutes;A craft with three lights on the rear creating a triangle cruising across the sky before turning around to the north and disappearing. I saw two very powerful lights coming from what appeared to be the back of some sort of craft.  It was in the sky and maybe about 600 feet from the ground.  The lights resembled a pair of very bright car headlights.  The craft was heading south and to the west a little.  I was driving at the time, heading south, and was on a road with very little traffic, so I could speed up and try to get closer to it.  I sped up to try to get closer and it appeared to be slowing down.  I kept watching it and when I became parallel to it I pulled over and turned off my car.  The lights were coming from the back of the craft and there were no lights on the front.  There was a less bright light above the two, creating a triangle of three lights.  It was making some noise and the closest thing I could compare the noise to was a high pitch radio frequency.  I watched it briefly and after about 60 seconds it slowed almost to a stop. It began to go straight up and turn directly around and went towards the north again.  I tried to follow it again and it quickly drifted to the west and I no longer could see it. I, the observer, have never previously seen any objects I believe to be ufos first hand.  I was not on any hallucinogins or drugs at the time of the sighting and I am convinced that what I saw was definately real - I wasn't just imagining something. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness at some length, and we found him to be seemingly serious-minded and credible.  Please see other report from Wisconsin for this date.  PD));42.7942118741068;-86.1231163090135
Object with shimmering lights (no sounds) at low elevation seen over Holland Michigan;2006-05-16 23:10:00;4 Minutes;Object with shimmering lights (no sounds) at low elevation seen over Holland Michigan Last night at about 11:10pm my friend and I came out of his house and we were standing in his back yard. He lives on New Holland Road on the north side of Holland Michigan. Holland is located on the west side of the state of Michigan and is right on the Lake Michigan coast line. My friends house is about a 5 minute drive to the coast line. He has about 9 acres in a relatively undeveloped area of town with very few lights obstructing the evening sky. We were just looking at the stars and as I looked at the western sky (toward Lake Michigan)  I saw a very bright shining light. This light appeared white and bright. It shimered at times. I did not see where it came from or how it got to that point in the sky.  I called my friends attention to it and he immediately thought it was very odd. We both have spent many evenings enjoying the stars and late night skies over his property and have seen airplanes and helecopters on a number of occassions. What struck us as odd was it seemed close. Eventhough it appeared low out over the western horizon as if it were a plane at +20,000 feet coming over the lake (which is common) the lights seem as if they were no farther than a mile away over an area used for agricultural purposes. The light kind of hung there with a shimering effect. It was moving and eventualy approached my friends property roughly flying in a westerly to easterly direction. As it slowly moved just north of our position we did see a few lights on the object. We saw a red light additional white light and a green light. This brought up the brief discussion that it could simply be a plane with red and green navigation lights but their were still some oddities to this object. First- it still appeared to be very close. Lets say...less than a mile and looked to be no more than a one thousand feet (at most) in the air. Second - other than some distant highway traffic sounds it is relatively quiet at my friends property. As I said earlier...we have watched many airplanes and helecopters fly throughout this airspace many times. The difference is that this object made NO noise. We ussually can hear planes and other aircraft for miles and even when they are 20,000 feet in the air. We kept listening for the noise and nothing. As it passed us by heading in a easterly direction it made a slight direction change heading slightly northeast.Still no sounds. It eventually disappeared from our view over the horizon.  It could have been an airplane but the shimering lights, close proximity/elevation and apparent lack of sound left us a bit bewildered. This is the first time that we both felt that we may have seen a UFO.;42.7942118741068;-86.1231163090135
((HOAX??))  About 50 or so away we see this bright object.;2007-08-26 22:51:00;seconds;Me and two other people where standing outside in our apartment complex parking lot when about 50 or so away we see this bright object. At first we thought it was a plane being it's cloudy and we live about a mile away from an airport. We witness the object staying in one spot, then it took off east and it went north into the atmosphere. It took less than a second to got about 1/4 a mile and out of site. No noise was heared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Possible hoax?  PD));42.7942118741068;-86.1231163090135
