Thirty craft with orange lights pass overhead in Kennebunkport, Maine.;2010-09-24 19:45:00;15 to 20 minutes;Thirty craft with orange lights pass overhead in Kennebunkport, Maine. On Friday, September 24, 2010 in Kennebunkport, Maine, at approximately 7:45 PM I and my partner had just left our retail store at Dock Square.  As we walked up the hill a block northerly on Main Street I spotted an orange colored object in the sky moving approximately north easterly.  Commenting on how I never saw a plane that color, I realized that the orange color was more like a medium flickering glow of a coal furnace. After watching it for a minute or so, I saw a second one approach and then a third.  Looking back the opposite direction through the trees I could see that others were coming.  They were in the 10 to 11 o’clock position above the horizon.  There was virtually no wind and it was of course dark.  They seemed to be following each other but not actually regimented.  Some appeared closer to each other and some seemed to be higher or lower.  They seemed to be coming from the southeast and traveling northwest in a large loosely S formation over a couple mile distance. All objects appeared to be the same except in size which may have been attributed to distance or height.  I estimated thirty or so UFO’s over a fifteen to twenty minute period.;43.3926;-70.4727999999999
I own a retail store in Kennebunkport, a summer resort town on the southern coast of Maine.  Yesterday, September 24, 2010, I went to m;2010-09-24 19:45:00;15 minutes;I own a retail store in Kennebunkport, a summer resort town on the southern coast of Maine.  Yesterday, September 24, 2010, I went to my store to work and left in the evening around 7:40 to 7:45 PM.  I had not been drinking and I do not use drugs, prescription or otherwise.  I was with my business partner when I left the store.  My store is located in the center of town near Dock Square.  Our car was parked about two blocks away on Main Street.  It was a clear night and quite dark.  The moon had risen but was a bit obscured by low mist in the sky.  It was very clear overhead.  That part of Main Street is quite dark as it’s residential. When we were almost back to the car, we spotted something moving across the sky.  We were facing north.  The object came out of the southeast and headed north or northwest.  I would say that I was looking up at about a 75 degree angle as it passed overhead.  The object was moving somewhat slowly.  At the center of it was an orange glow, medium bright in intensity.  The glow flickered.  It seemed to me to be more like the flicker of a candle or a fire than what I might describe as pulsating.  The flicker seemed irregular and not like a pulse.  I could see the orange light reflecting on a part of the object that was above the source of light and could not see any part of the object that was above that.  I was not just looking at a “ball of light” or at a light source.  There was a definite apparatus surrounding the light source.  My first impression was that I was looking at a home built ultra light, but there was no sound from it whatsoever.  The object moved above us and con! tinued on toward the northwest until it was just a speck in the distance.  At that point I was observing it at perhaps a 30 to 40 degree angle.  While it was closest to us, I would say that it appeared about half the size of the full moon, maybe a bit bigger.  The light did not streak in any way. I was then very surprised to see another one just like it.  The path, appearance and behavior were exactly the same as the first one.  Within a minute or two we had seen about eight of the objects.  They were not evenly spaced in time or in space but clustered at random, always one behind the other in a follow the leader formation.  Some went by one at a time.  I thought again that I must be looking at ultra lights and that it was perhaps an event put on by a flying club but it seemed odd to me that they would fly at night.  I wondered if they were related in some way to hot air balloons but there was no balloon.  I have been up in a hot air balloon and I know the pattern of the occasional hot flame blast the this was not like that at all.  And hot air balloon blasts illuminate the balloon above the basket.  There was nothing but dark above the light source.  There was also only the faintest breeze (at street level) but the objects were moving along at a faster pace than the! breeze would indicate.  And, as I mentioned, they were silent.  Also, I would say that the path that this “parade” of objects followed did not appear to be a straight line but more of a long curving arc (but that may have been an illusion from my vantage point). We watched the objects move overhead for about fifteen to twenty minutes.  Each time we thought the event was over, we would spot another one or another pair coming out of the southeast and toward us.  I didn’t count the objects because, at the beginning I didn’t know there would be more than the first few.  But I believe that in all there were at least 25 of them and no more than 30 or 32 of them.  No one of them appeared or behaved any differently from the others.  I have no idea if the first one we spotted was the first one to pass overhead.  This might have been going on for a while before we got there. My impression was that I was looking at something “low tech”.  There were no unexplainable motions or rapid changes in direction.  They just drifted overhead as if floating on a steady but strong wind current.  This may have seemed this way to me because of the complete lack of any sound coming from them. Finally, when we were convinced that no more were going to come, we got into the car and drove around the block to drive in front of our store.  We saw three women on the sidewalk (this is the commercial part of town near Dock Square) who looked to be in their late fifties or early sixties.  They were pointing up into the sky in the same direction and at the same angle as I had seen the flying objects.  My partner stopped and let me out of the car so I could ask our employees (the store was still open) if they new of any event.  None of them knew anything.  One of them told me that the Bush family (George W.?) is in town this week but the pattern of what we saw made no sense to me as a security event.  I wish I had spoken to the three women first because when I came out of the store, they were gone.  It was moderately busy in the square and no one else was looking up, but there were no more flying objects at that time. Out of curiosity, my partner called someone at the Biddeford air field, a small strip for private planes just a few miles north of Kennebunkport.  They knew nothing of any event and no one else had reported seeing anything unusual.  I remember looking at my watch when we left Kennebunkport.  It was 8:58 PM.;43.3926;-70.4727999999999
