We saw what looked like a school of 100+ gray and white orbs.;2021-03-19 12:00:00;20+ minutes;We saw what looked like a school of 100+ gray and white orbs. March 19th 2021 at around noon I was driving on us36 westbound through Missouri. I pulled off the highway in Hannibal, MO. To look for a UPS store and both my wife and I saw what looked like at least 100 floating gray and white “orbs”. They were floating through the air like a school of jelly fish at an altitude of around 300-500ft elevation. They were very dynamic in their own individual movements while staying together as a group. The whole group was moving eastbound seemingly with the wind current, but each individual orb was moving up and down and all around each other. They were not balloons. They had no protrusions, or wings, or anything at all coming out of them. They were not perfectly round, more of an oblong or beachball size football. The longer ends always pointing up and down. They seemed to have a gray side and a white side. They seemed to be turning around to show their white side, but all at once, and when they turned to show their gray side, it looked like they all had vanished completely. I don't know if they were actually turning. For all I know, they could have been spontaneously changing colors. At any rate, they all changed colors at the exact same time. There were 4 orbs that stayed apart from the group at around the same altitude. I'm not sure what they were doing, but they seemed to be some sort of parents or chaperones. There is a conservation area just to the east of where we were, called “Steyermark woods conservation area”. When they were over that area, what I thought at the time was a park, they formed more of a column, getting very close to the ground. We were in a huge hurry at the time and it was at this point we had to continue down the highway and it all became a memory for us. In conclusion, my own personal thoughts on the matter is that they were biological lifeforms almost like jelly fish. They moved as part of a cohesive group, but made their own individual movements within the confines of the entire unit. I've seen videos online of the exact same lifeforms in Korea and Mexico, and it makes me wonder if it's the same group or are their different schools that travel in their own wind currents.;39.7037999999997;-91.3841000000005
