The cigar shaped object, possibly hundreds of feet long, flew slowly along the Pacific coastline.;2007-09-20 20:00:00;10 -13 minutes;The cigar shaped object, possibly hundreds of feet long, flew slowly along the Pacific coastline. October 12, 2007 Around the middle of September I sighted an unusual object in the western sky.  The reason for the untimely reporting is simply because I had no idea that there was even a place to report these things to.  It wasn’t until I encountered a second sighting of a completely different object (which I will put in a separate report) sometime during the first week of October that I started researching for a place to report.  Our local airport manager gave me phone number and web site. I live about 700 or 800 yards from the Oregon coastline and the western sky is over the coastline and the Pacific Ocean in general.  Approximately 8 PM, I was standing on my front porch looking at the recently darkened sky when I noticed movement to the northwest which appeared, initially, aircraft like.  A white and a red light in the sky, moving, at first glance, typical aircraft.  As I looked closer I thought to myself, That’s sort of odd.   What I saw didn’t really look like an airplane.  I thought possibly a blimp but I could hear none of the familiar noise that travels with the average blimp.  As the object moved slowly toward a more westerly position from my porch, my view became clearer and the object started looking nothing like an airplane or a blimp.  Looking due west from my front porch, I first sighted the object at approximately a 45 degree angle to my right in the northwest sky and seemed to be running parallel to the coastline.  Our local airport would be at approximately 35 degrees assuming due west was 90 degrees and zero was to the right.  Often time, jets leaving the airport take a similar flight path.  As the object reached its due west position, I could tell it was many times larger than any of the largest jets I’ve seen here or even the blimps that fly over the area fairly often.  It also now appeared to be further out than I originally thought.  The object continued in a southerly direction until it reached approximately 120 degrees (my left) where it started to angle slightly more eastward and also began to angle more upward into the sky.  Until this point, it had been traveling more or less horizontally along the coast.  It continued this upward path until it flew out of sight. When I first sighted the object, all I could see was 2 lights, a very bright white light at the leading end and a less bright red light at the trailing end.  The white light did not appear to be particularly directional and seemed to create a soft glow or haze near the leading edge.  The red light was probably 30-40% dimmer but crisper with less haze factor.  As the object got to a more westerly position its shape became more apparent.  It looked to be tube like with the white light fairly centered on the leading end and the red light seeming to sit on the upper side of the trailing end.  Although we do get some thin to thick fog along the coastline, this night was clear and so fog was not the simple answer for why the upper and lower edges of the tube did not appear particularly crisp.  The crispness of the tube edges seemed to fade in and out slightly and if, indeed it was further out than it appeared, then thin, not quite visible fog could have been the reason for this.  The size of the object was kind of hard for me to tell but was quite large, maybe hundreds of feet long.  I would say that it was probably 8 to 12 times as long as it was thick.  The side clearly appeared to have the roundedness of a tube with the light that seemed to glow very dimly along the side from the leading end, almost highlighted like.  I thought possibly (?) reflected light from the town.  At no time did I ever hear any noise or sound come from it. When the object reached its roughly due west position is when I called my wife out to see it.  She came out and caught the last 3 or 4 minutes as the object angled up and away from the coastline into the upper part of its path where it flew out of sight toward high, thin clouds.  It did not appear to reach the high clouds and seemed to just disappear 20 or 30 miles out to the south and east.  The entire time of my sighting was probably 10 to 13 minutes.  It flew quite slowly for the first 7 or 8 minutes and seemed to speed up some (to not quite as slow but not fast by any means) after its flight path changed upward and inland. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.2153629692836;-124.198437372014
