I was visiting my parents and had just arrived at their home around 12:30am from the Los Angeles area. My folks were asleep and I put m;2004-07-20 01:00:00;7 minutes;I was visiting my parents and had just arrived at their home around 12:30am from the Los Angeles area. My folks were asleep and I put my luggage in the spare room and went out to the back patio, by the pool area to call my husband. As I was talking to him I saw a red triangle come up from behind the church roof. My parents live on a busy road but their house is set back from the road and the church is about a football field away. It was bright red inside the triangle with an outlining of yellow/orange. It was moving very slow, there were no sounds except for crickets and the sound of a light breeze through the trees. It was dark except for a few street lights across the street and the sky was clear as a bell. It also had like a white tail coming from the lower left hand corner but it wasn't attatched. I whispered into the phone, oh my god, oh my god, hon, there is something weird in the sky, he laughed and said why are you whispering, I just said I don't know this is really weird. Then the triangle began to get smaller where you could only see a little bit of the red part and the yellow/orange outside. It was still moving slowly up into the sky at an angle towards the Big Dipper. It then began to slowly get bigger again and I saw a red dot fly out of the lower left hand corner and disappear. Then seconds later there were 3 more balls of red. One came out the bottom center, the other to the right of that one and the third came out from the right hand corner, all disappeared in a flash. The triangle stayed at that size and was still slowly moving up into the sky. Moments later I heard an airplane coming from behind me, I turned around and it was going at a high rate of speed towards the triangle. I'm not good with distances but if you out strecthed your arms this is about how far the plane was from the triangle, then the triangle suddenly just disappeared! Then out of the corner of my eye I saw 2 more airplanes coming in the same direction as the first plane. I looked and saw the first plane had turned around coming back towards me. These planes didn't sound like jets, just regular planes, but I couldn't figure out how come they were moving so fast. I was shaking, it was so amazing I couldn't take my eyes off of it, I could've went inside and grabbed my mom's camera as she always has it right on a shelf handy, but I was afaid it would be gone and I didn't want to miss a second of it. Needless to say, I was there for 3 more nights and I found myself constantly going out looking for it, hoping to see it again.;37.3472;-120.6039
V shaped silent craft with 3 red lights on each point.;2020-07-12 21:50:00;30 seconds;V shaped silent craft with 3 red lights on each point. A V shaped craft with 3 red lights on each point, flew silently from the North West going in a South Eastern direction.  I watched it for approximately 30 seconds before losing sight of it behind a group of trees.  We are  well acquainted with the sights and sounds of many types of aircraft coming in and out of  the nearby (retired) Castle AFB. This was not at all like any of the usual aircraft in the area.  The altitude was that of a small plane, but it was completely silent.  Immediately after observing this craft I experienced a physical reaction of anxiety, lightheaded dizziness and shortness of breath.;37.3472;-120.6039
