Very bright light hovering over central california;1997-04-15 05:40:00;10 mins;Very bright light hovering over central california I worked as a security guard for a major packing shed located in the town of Atwater in the central valley of California. My shift would start at ten pm and I would get off at six am. I like to finish off my shift by having some morning coffee with some of the employees of the cannery. After having my cup of coffee with the employees on this April morning I got on my security golf cart to finish my round. As I was driving out of the main packing shed I saw what at first appeared to be a helicopter shining a bright light over a company truck shop which was located about half a mile away from the plant. Many people were walking towards the plant because the morning shift began at six am, but only a few stood there looking at the light. Out of the people that stood there looking at the light I singled out a supervisor. I got of my security golf cart and walked up to him and asked what he thought the “helicopter” was looking for (as for me, I knew this was no helicopter, even though the plant was located near highway 99 and we saw our share of high-speed chases, but this time, the light was not here in our sky as we know it, this light was coming from really high up in the sky)? The supervisor answered it was a space shuttle and it was going to land in the Mojave Desert. I answered by saying the light was very slightly moving towards the north east, and Mojave is to the south east. At this point he stayed quit and just watched the light. I then radioed my partner and asked him to take a look at the “helicopter” shining the light on the truck shop (when using the radio we needed to maintain serious due to management listening in on our radio conversations). My partner replied stating, “What the helicopter wanted?” I replied it was just the police. 	After a few minutes the light had moved from the truck shop and was now hovering over a peach orchard. The life span of this light was about fifteen minutes and then it just shut off. The source of the light went off but we could still see a beam coming down, and then it just began to fad away, kind of like fog. The best way I can describe this light is like a huge “Mag-Lit”. It was really bright and very intense white light that was more like a beam. We could see the source that is how we could determine that it wasn’t here, not even close to earth. There was no sound coming from the source, nor change in color, just very slight drifting movement. My parents worked at a wine making company in the town of Livingston. Both of my parents worked in the vineyards. They too started their shift at six a.m. And they too saw what I saw, except they saw the source of the light. They along with about ten crew members witnessed the incident. They told me the source changed colors. It changed from dark blue to purple, to orange, to red. They could see the light beaming down but couldn’t see the movement that we saw at the cannery. I have been a long time Art-Bell listener and never did I hear a caller call in on this incident. I checked the evening news casts and the local newspapers in the surrounding areas, and there was nothing covering the event. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));37.3472;-120.6039
