It was summer, I had my dauther who is now 17. I was at my father in law house looking trought the back door, wich has an open view so;1991-07-04 23:00:00;MORE THAN AN HOUR;It was summer, I had my dauther who is now 17.  I was at my father in law house looking trought the back door, wich has an open view so I was watching the fireworks.  I was there like for 30 to 45 minutes and it was getting late so It was around 10:30 or 11:00 pm  My husband at the time was helping my dad in law fix a car my sister in law was with me she was litle at the time, when suddenly I was looking at this light going front then back front then back I thought that was weird then it will turn side ways and I could see lights really brigth lights diferent colors I remember blue,red,some sort of yellow, I dont remember seeing any green but when It will turn half way it look like a shape of a triangle ,made of the lights and then it started goin up and down up and down then side to side I was like hiptnotysed I dont know how long I stared And at some moments I thought that what ever it was It knew I was watching cause It started doing all the moves up then down side to side turn half way in a combination then suddenly just like a shoutting star It disapear in a second all I saw was a really fast line of colors and It was gone  But Im very curious and I desided to drive around there is a park near where I was Is call evergreen park and I put my dauther in the car seat in the car and got my douther in law I dont even tink I told my husband or anybody that I left with my little sister in law and I started driving I couldnt see anything and suddenly thei it appear around the park It was in a distance where I could see the lights really good and I wasn't scare I was but I was more curious It was doing the same moves turning the same way and my sister in law was watching too and suddenly it move And I could see it was just like it was park on top of a light polethen I drove on arkansas street to 29th north their is another little socker park but this time I was really scare It was floatting on top of the light pole and I drove closer real close it was like it was letting me seeit it turn and I loo! k at all the colors red,blue some sort of yellow and it was turning but only side to side and only half turns not all the way then it turn sideways and I could see the triangle made of lights the lights were making the shape then I was so closed to it I could see it really big with details I can still draw it it had like little windows around and on the buttom there was circles thats where the lights was coming from I remember a white light also and I was just there my sister in law too and suddenly I got so scare like never before and a feeling that they was mad because I was to close I was reapitting they are mad at me Im to close and the n I was tinking of my baby that thing was so close to me I could feel some sort of breeze air wind what ever you want to calle it the I starded driving really fast and I reallice I was driving around the park THEn I couldnt seeit any more then I realyse it was on top of my car thats wy I couldnt seeit then I drove awain around by this point I was Hysterical and my sister in law crying my baby crying just a mess then it went to the light pole again and just like that it desapear just like that and it felt so quiet I turn off the car cause I knew it was gone calm the kids down and drove home I keep on looking if anybody seen what I saw but nothing everythin look so normal no body notice that I had left the next day i put the news for anything but nothing I told several persons but they look at me like Im crazy but I know what I saw I never ask my sister in law never had if she remembers she had never ask me anything I dont think my dauther even she was only two months old nobody belived me only my mom because she had and encounter when she was little she says she remembers little skiny bright peopple one of them touch her head and she saw the saucer too with all the colors and that was in zacatecas mexico so thats all Im not lying why should I I dont wain anything but I know what I saw when I was 16;37.7022126605503;-97.3325398165144
A silver disk seen hovering over Mc Connel AFB;1999-03-04 12:15:00;5 min;A silver disk seen hovering over Mc Connel AFB At approx. 12:15, March 4th 1999, I was picking my son up from school when my mom and I spotted a metallic disk hovering over McConnel Air Force Base. There was no sound, it was stationary though hovering in place - as we saw other planes in the airfield in motion. There was a glare to it.;37.7022126605503;-97.3325398165144
Object with big bright white lights, and smaller, red, white, and blue lights hovering in the sky.;2013-09-21 20:00:00;30-60 minutes;Object with big bright white lights, and smaller, red, white, and blue lights hovering in the sky. I keep seeing something big, and bright hovering in the sky, and it's been driving me crazy not knowing what it is! Can you or someone please give me and I'm sure there's more people too, but get us an explanation or answers?  I don't know about other people, but I really would like to know what it is!  I have been seeing this object now for about 2 months now. I've noticed that it's usually there about the same time of the day.  I'm thinking that it's usually there about when the sun is setting or more around 8pm and is up there between 30 minutes to an hour. One night I had got my digital camera out to try to take picture's of it, but then right as I was about to take a picture my camera had died on me. I have took some other pictures, but for some reason I couldn't seem to get the flashing colored lights and it just looks like some bright light in the sky.  I was hoping that maybe I could see it a lot better and get some picture's. Then if it turned out to be something that I needed to report, like an alien space craft then I would. Or if it just happened to be something explainable like some type of air craft that was from here on earth, then I would just let it go and not really say anything.  Well right before my camera had died on me, I had saw some red, white, and blue, flashing lights on the object. The flashing lights looked like they were going back and fourth from side to side. I think that was the only color's that I have seen on it flashing.  The part that sucks though is that I didn't get a chance to see anything else. I had only got to see those flashing lights when my camera was zoomed in, but not from the naked eye. When you look at it normally all you can see is a bright light or lights.  I think that if you just kinda glance at it, it only looks like it's one big bright white light, but if you look at it a little longer or try harder to look at it, it looks more like several bright white lights. It's not until you use something else to try to look at it closer that you can tell it has other flashing colored lights.  Every time I see the object that is hovering in the sky it kinda looks like it is the same shape as a flying disk, but then again I can get a chance to see it very close to confirm it. I really hope that someone from this company will try to investigate these sitings that I've been seeing, and get us some answers! Thank you for your time.;37.7022126605503;-97.3325398165144
I was driving and spotted 3 objects slowly moving across the sky. They were not drones. They were to big to be drones. They flew in a c;2017-04-10 11:30:00;5 minutes;I was driving and spotted 3 objects slowly moving across the sky.  They were not drones.  They were to big to be drones.  They flew in a coordinated line.  They were brown.  They didn't make a noise, and they were not planes.  These looked completely different from anything I've ever seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));37.7022126605503;-97.3325398165144
