Incredibly huge fireball with ion trail and slight alteration of trajectory.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor??  PD));2007-10-31 03:00:00;2 seconds;Incredibly huge fireball with ion trail and slight alteration of trajectory We recently went stargazing on a sod field adjacent to Prosser Pines in the Middle Island area. While driving back from the area North towards Middle Country Road, we witnessed an utterly incredible fireball. It was far, far bigger than a normal shooting star (we had been watching the Orionids earlier in the month) and it's diameter was similar to that of the full moon. It appeared to be moving in an East to West motion diagonally towards the Earth, we witnessed it cover an area similar in width to the constellation Taurus. It did not however move in a straight line, it abruptly moved downwards slightly halfway through it's streak, as if it's trajectory had been abruptly altered (The best way I can explain it is picture drawing a straight line, then someone nudges your hand and your straight line is altered and continues in a different path) Because of this I believe it was 'close', at least far closer than a normal shooting star. It's motion was not similar to that of a normal shooting star. It was incredibly bright yellowish-green. It's peak brightness was comparable to an orange streetlight, it had to have been greater than -5 magnitude. It's movement appeared natural and not machine or human like. It lasted for about a second, with an ionization (?) trail lasting an additional second. It's motion was beautiful. It appeared perhaps 30 degrees above the horizon and disappeared perhaps 15 degrees above the horizon. We had been impressed with alot of what we saw in our telescope that night but this fireball made me and a friend resoundingly yell out in amazement. It looked like something that actually could have impacted on the Earth but we heard or saw nothing else past this. My roomate heard my tale of this fireball and attests he saw a similar phenomenon driving home from Riverhead in the same general area. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor??  PD));40.8785;-72.9538
Fireball moving silently across the sky.;2011-07-21 21:50:00;4-5 minutes;Fireball moving silently across the sky. At approximately 9:50 pm, my family and neighbors were returning from dinner.  My daughter noticed something in the sky and called all of our attentions to it.  We all looked up and saw above our homes, a little to the south, there was what looked to be basketball-sized, almost clear shape with what looked something like a fire burning inside.  Similar to what you would imagine a hot air balloon flame might look like, but smaller.  It was much lower than a plane would fly. The edges were not solid and it moved at a steady speed in an East North East direction.   The flame inside the ball seemed to flicker and change between a reddish and orange color, and it was completely silent.  It moved very straight, and may have moved higher but it was hard to tell.  We all watched it until it disappeared behind the tree line, which is probably close to a mile away. I have to add that it is an extremely clear night with many visible stars.  We live in an open area without a lot of lights, so the night sky is very visible.  There was also no wind whatsoever.  The object seemed to be something very light.  almost like floating but with direction and purpose.  We thought it seemed to be blowing with the wind until we realized that the air was completely still.;40.8785;-72.9538
Orange Glowing Lights over East Long Island.;2013-10-01 22:45:00;20 minutes;Orange Glowing Lights over East Long Island. Was outside home smoking when I noticed a roundish orange/yellow ball, no sound, moving smoothly and quick across the night sky from the northwest to southeast.  I immediately new this was not an ordinary aircraft and ran in the house and called for my children to hurry outside.  While watching the 1st object another followed in the same flight path a few minutes later, quickly followed by another.  There was no sound!  No flashing lights!  Moved to smooth and fast for a plane or helicopter.  They looked like orange fiery balls of light!   Ended up seeing a total of 5 over a 20 minute period.   Have photos and some video. I (we) have never seen anything like this.  I am skeptical usually and am not someone who WANTS to find or see something but this has me really wondering what I saw.;40.8785;-72.9538
