Satellite like- bright object, ultra high speed, erratic behavior, 2 separate years, same place, same general time.;1974-07-27 02:30:00;15 minutes;Satellite like- bright object, ultra high speed, erratic behavior, 2 separate years, same place, same general time. This happened about the same time of year on 2 consecutive years, one night each year. I was maybe 15 and 16 years old. A different friend saw it each year as well.  Myself and a friend were hired to guard/watch the art festival tents for approx. 1 week, nights. We laid on the ground as this was the best position to look for possible intruders feet. Though there was some ambiant light, in the shadow of the tents we could still see the black night sky and stars well.  An object that looked exactly the same, same size and glow of an Earth based satellite came into view at a slow rate of speed. There was no sound. It stopped, sped up, zig zagg'd, loop de loop'd, went strait, at varying  rates of speed, stopped short. Sometimes it covered from one side of the whole sky and beyond to the other in a split second. Most of the time it moved at an unearthly speed, I'm guessingat least 20 times what a modern fighter jet would do.  When it left for good, it accelerated in a strait line with building speed, compounding, at a rate that is indescribable and definitely not of our capibilities, strait out into space(as opposed to over the trees) It got noticeably smaller and was gone in parts of a second.  I can't remember for sure if it left a trail or not as I have seen many Meteorites leave glowing Green etc. trails. My feeling is it did leave a trail but just on its final exit...it was long ago. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.2426;-70.8144
Bright lights, worm shaped light;2007-01-29 08:00:00;10 minutes;Bright lights, worm shaped light. Observed light objects in sky.  One was a small round light, the other larger, narrow and long.  The same shape that was pictured in Hawaii report that is posted on Drudge report web site.   I had a telescope and looked at it and it moved a bit like a worm, not object seen, just light.;42.2426;-70.8144
