There were two sightings over the Professor's Lake in Brampton. First , one object in the form of 7 - 8  ligths of various colors place;2002-07-20 23:05:00;10 seconds;There were two sightings over the Professor's Lake in Brampton. First , one object in the form of 7 - 8  ligths of various colors placed in one horizontal line moved across the night sky. The speed of it was faster than that of a plane and no sound was heard. Then after about ten minutes two identical objects were observed flying side by side. Suddenly, one of the objects drifted sharply to the left and separated from another. After a moment, it  returned to its previous path. In a few seconds, both objects disappeared. Again, no sound was heard although the objects were flying right over my head. It is difficult to estimate the objects' size but they they took about an inch of space in the sky. I am a high school teacher and this is my first clear UFO experience.;43.7106958641061;-79.7692394387001
Small single light the size of a small star moved at a moderate speed very high up then glowed very very brightly and dimmed quickly;2008-07-14 03:20:00;3 minutes;Small single light the size of a small star moved at a moderate speed very high up then glowed very very brightly and dimmed quickly I witnessed this in the western part of Brampton, Ontario, Canada at 03:20 hrs.  I was looking up into the sky – as I often do – and noticed a small light moving at a steady rate overhead.  It seemed to be very high up and I thought it may have been a satellite – as I have seen these on many occasions.  I watched as it maintained a steady movement across the sky from the southeast to the southwest. It appeared – in size – to be the same as the smallest surrounding stars and equally as faint/bright.  As it got most of the way across the sky, it suddenly got brighter and brighter and brighter until it was almost as bright as Venus – which was in the western sky some distance away.  It was almost as if it was a satellite that entered the atmosphere and burned-up.  It dimmed rather quickly from it's brightest point and there was a hazy blue-white glow in the sky where the sighting ended.  My eyes were temporarily affected by the brightness – I couldn't see as well in the dark for several seconds – this is how bright it glowed.  If I had to describe it, it reminded me of burning magnesium – something I witnessed several years ago in high school chemistry class. I don't know what this was but I am certain it was not an airplane.  It could have been an object which burned up in the atmosphere.  It was far far far to slow to have been a meteor.  Ironically I witnessed a different sighting a few years ago in the same general area of the sky a few miles from this location.  A neighbour told me that she had witnessed a triangular craft in the same general area some time ago.;43.7106958641061;-79.7692394387001
Two silent, dim, pale yellow objects flying closely together directly overhead in West, Central Brampton, Ontario Canada;2015-04-17 21:45:00;5 seconds;Two silent, dim, pale yellow objects flying closely together directly overhead in West, Central Brampton, Ontario Canada My teenage son and I were outside our house trying to set-up a small telescope we had recently purchased.  I was working on the telescope when my son said Woah!...Look at that.  I looked up and we both watched as two objects quickly glided (no sound) overhead to the North.  We watched them for approximately 6 seconds until they disappeared behind close-by rooftops.  We were asking each other what they were as the event played out.  Initially I thought they were two ducks as they flew in tandem, one slightly higher than the other.  I quickly realized that ducks don't glow yellow!  I guess your mind tries to rationalize what you are seeing as you struggle to comprehend the unknown. These objects appeared to be rather small (perhaps 8 to 10 feet across) and quite low in altitude although I know this is not really possible to discern.  They appeared to be cup shaped in the sense that they looked like a very shallow tea cup turned upside down but with a slight oval shape as opposed to circular.  They seemed to glow rather than brightly radiate light.  They were a very pale yellow-white on the underside with a light that was soft and dim. We see a great many airplanes fly around us where we are as we are close to Pearson International Airport in Mississauga.   These were not planes or anything I can define as man made.;43.7106958641061;-79.7692394387001
