Aggressive, Levitating Metallic Alien Robot thing;1993-06-01 01:00:00;40 minutes;Aggressive, Levitating Metallic Alien Robot thing A friend and I were relaxing at my remote cabin outside of Bella Vista, Ca.  We had just moved some furniture from Mt Shasta and were relaxing before heading back to his house in Redding.  I had witnessed many strange occurrences out there in the past but this was by far the most unnerving and terrifying.  My senses were always heightened out there, way out in the woods, five miles out on a dirt road and 12 miles more to town on the highway.  My intuition told me to look out the window, and I saw a mist forming across the road about 20 yards away.  It was a warm summer night so this was unusual.  Over the course of about ten minutes, I looked twice more and the mist had thickened and expanded to about 3'x5' up on a dry grassy knoll at tree line.  It was not a full moon but the moon was bright that night. We decided to leave and when we went outside the mist had transformed into a chrome or steel colored, metallic, robotic looking, somewhat humanoid form.  It appeare! d to be sitting Indian-style in the grass. Sitting, it was still 5' tall. It had a barrel-like torso but not as round.  It had a head and a face, but is face lacked definite features. I immediately knew it didn't belong there and I freaked out.  I yelled at it, and told it that it did not belong there, and that it had better leave. I threatened it with violence.  I was too terrified to run inside and grab my shotgun, so we jumped in the old gmc pickup.  For clarification, I asked my friend 'do you see what I'm seeing?!  I turned to look at him and could only see the back of his head as he was looking out his driver's side window and said 'I don't know , I'm watching these ones over here'. I said let's get the hell outta here! He started up the truck and we high tailed it down the driveway, which turned right along the grassy knoll where I saw the first one. I looked and here is the first one levitating in its Indian style position towards us. It made lurching, lunging actions towards us but never raised any arms or anything but it's face h! ad turne d into a terrifying metallic scowl.  I was yelling as I watched this thing through the passenger side window.  I told my friend, 'It's after us!  Haul ass!'  He stepped on the gas but the truck kept lurching towards the deep ditch on his side of the road.  It took everything he had to fight the wheel and keep the truck in the road.  This went on for about 300 yards down the road.  We drove fast for another 2 or 3 miles without incident. I told him to stop the truck just to be sure it wasn't a broken tie rod or something.  I inspected under the truck and found nothing wrong. We continued to hwy 299 and finally headed towards Redding.  Strange thing is, by now the sun was coming up as the sky turned from night.  Where did 5 or 6 hours go within a frenzied 5 mile drive down the dirt road through the woods?  The next day my girlfriend accused me if having a hickey on my abdomen just above waste line. I indeed had a mark resembling a birth mark or hickey about an inch wide by two inches long! .  It faded after a few days.  My friend refused to ever talk about that night again.  It was the most terrifying night of my life.  I can't seem to find any other accounts of robotic, levitating, alien beings that seem to teleport themselves to a location.;40.7414;-122.0705
