Cigar Shaped and extremely close;1987-08-17 02:00:00;4 minutes;Cigar Shaped and extremely close I came home after playing atari at a friends I lived in the center of town it was late. I lived in a two story building which i only 8 units.It had maple trees that hadnt fallen yet, these are large trees that tower over the complex. I got out of my car and locked it, and started towards my apartment when what looked like a blimp at first was coming right over the trees. I stopped and thought what the heck is a blimp doing out at two in the morning and why the heck is it in springfield oregon. So I stopped and starred at it as it moved slowly into my view. It was moving the speed of a blimp but as it came into view I got a clear look at it directly over my head at 50-60 feet as it stopped right over me. It was shaped like a cigar and it was the cleanest white color I have ever seen. No lights whatsoever, but it was cut in thirds by two strips of what appeared to be metal. These stripps were about 8-10 feet wide and appeared to be moving but i could not tell. it was strang like a tire on a vehicle with goodyear on it. if they spin at the right speed the letters stop, anyhow, it was huge. about the side around as 3/4 of my complex and 40 or so yards long. It was extremely quiet, in fack there was no sound at all. As it moved over me i could see the end was extremly flat and the frint looked like the part on a cigar you would bite off. it stopped and i stood there shaking and in disbelief. Then it slowly raised itself into an upright position, directly over me and in the blink of an eye bolted at gods knows what speed until it disapeared. where it went up way way up there were sparks like a little firework. This vehicle appeared to have no prepultion at all and made no noise. from the time it was strait up-till the time it went poff like a firework was maybe 1 second. I did not blink I saw it all. I stumbled to my wife frantic and shaking so bad i couldn't stand up. To this day she is the only one who belives me that i told, which isnt many let me assure you. The next day in the Eugene register gaurd,(loc! al newsp aper). Sixty three ufo sightings were reported. The local authorities explained it as a weather balloon. IT WAS NO BALLOON! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We will attempt to get the news article from the Eugene Register Guard.  PD));44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
Object seen the night Mars was closest to Earth August 27, 2003.;2003-08-27 19:00:00;2 minutes;Object seen the night Mars was closest to Earth August 27, 2003. August 27, 2003.  It was the night that Mars was closest to the earth and I was staying at my son & daughter-in-laws apartment on top of a mountain that was a rock quarry off of Camp Creek Rd., Springfield, OR. My son asked his wife this night if she had seen ‘Mars’ and she said no, so all 3 of us went out of the apartment (it was attached on the end of a very large metal shop building) and as we walked outside there was a Very Bright Light, my son said “see there it is” and I said to him,,, “No, that is not Mars, it is more to the Southeast, but I don’t know what that ‘bright light is’….. As we got to the end of the building there to the South was ‘Mars’, and we looked at it and then at the ‘Bright Light’, that looked like a Star,,,, we all walked out to the clearing on the top of the mountain and was looking at this ‘Light’, and all of a sudden it went Vertically UP… not far from what one would estimate in ‘height’ but then I got the distinct feeling it was coming right at us…..”I yelled to my Son and his wife “get back to the apartment quick”, my son said as he was running he was going to get his camera and being 6’3” 195 of solid muscle ran quickly to his pick-up and grabbed his camera and ran to the apartment door where his wife and I were (there was a little cover built over the doorway),,,  My son looked up and tried to use his camera (which he used every day for work but it would not work) as we all looked up “There was this Beautiful Object just above the tree tops that had the most Amazing Lights I had ever seen in my life”, I kept saying…. “Wow,,,, look at those lights, they are beautiful”, and my daughter-in-law wanted to run out under the object and I held her back and told her “NO…. You can’t go out there, haven’t you seen the movie “Fire in the Sky”????  She said NO, and even though I didn’t know what we were looking at…. In my subconscious mind I knew it was not something to investigate. The object only stayed above us for a minute maybe two… but as fast as we ‘blinked our eyes it was gone’!!!  We ran to the other end of the building and could find no trace of where it had gone….. I told my daughter about it the next day and she told me she was listening to CNN that morning and a couple reported seeing a ‘bright object that looked like a star in the sky that same night we did and it came towards them as well’…. I tried to contact CNN to get information about the couple but never got a response. This really did happen and after we went inside, my son stated that “we just saw a UFO”, it was like we were mesmerized when it was above us, but we lost no ‘time’ in this encounter and none of us have had nightmares or dreams that have frightened us so I do not believe there was any encounter with whoever was in the object. This actually did happen to all 3 of us and I am grateful no ‘encounter’ happened to us or that we were subjected to any abduction from ‘them’!;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
Two dark objects flying low without any sounds.;2003-11-08 15:00:00;10 minutes;Two dark objects flying low without any sounds. At first we were driving my girlfriend noticed objects in the rearview mirror.They continued over us in front of the windsheild view.She was frantic and upset with me not seeing them.So we pulled over into a parking lot,for about one minute we didn't see anything.It was very cloudy so when they came back in veiw we could tell that they were very low.They moved very slow without a sound that we could hear the one in front was about the size of a plane.The one behind it was massive bout one hundred yards or bigger it was BIG.There we're no lights visible the color a dark or grey like color on both objects.We confirmed with one another that they were not aircraft that we could relate not helicopters,not planes,nor blimps.All i can say we had an eary feeling and did not know what we saw for certain.They traveled north at the same slow speed untill we could'nt see them anymore.;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
