Saucer shaped reflective object moving and hovering with chasing Government Jets and a Helicopter/Photos taken;2005-07-03 14:00:00;1 hr 30 minutes;Saucer shaped reflective object moving and hovering with chasing Government Jets and a Helicopter/Photos taken We were working in the yard this afternoon.  At 2:00 p.m. we heard and spotted a huge Coast Guard helicopter flying from the west into the east, as if it came from the Oregon coast line.  Right in front and above, at approx. 20,000 feet of the helicopter was a bright reflective saucer shaped object moving very, very slowly.  It was backdropped by a clear blue sky without a cloud behind it.  It seemed to be reflecting the sun in a type of pulsating, rythmic display of extremely bright light.  It may have just been pulsating with intense light.  It was moving very slowly and then stopped moving.   At approximately 2:12 the UFO did  a vertical ascent and disappeared.  The helicopter did a sharp turn right/south when the object stopped moving and did a 180 degree reverse path heading straight back west.  The helicopter turned south, running along what seemed to be the west side of the Cascade mountains.  We live on the east side of Springfield as you start up the pass to cross the Cascades. Within two minutes we saw a large white jet coming from the south (maybe Klamath Air Force Base) heading north.  It had radar unit on top of it.  It was headed north into the exact spot from where the UFO hovered and disappeared.  That jet was first noted at 2:35 p.m..  Another radar jet appeared, following the same south to north path that the first jet traveled.  At 3:14 a third jet appeared following the same path from south to north into the same space where the UFO disappeared.  At 3:17 and 3:19 the same type of jets appeared also, following the same path.   Using our digital camera we took several pictures of the UFO.  We now have them downloaded from our camera and burned to CD's for safe keeping.  Note:  Today is the day that the USA NASA probe will hit a comet at 10:52 p.m. West Coast time.;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
There are hundreds, possibly thousands, of these things.;2019-01-25 00:00:00;On going;There are hundreds, possibly thousands of these things. These sighting's have been going on for some time now, I can't be exact when I first noticed what started out as strange things. To be honest, after I realized it was not my eyes playing tricks on me I thought perhaps I was losing my mind.  That would be easier to explain I think, but I assure anyone who reads my report, I am not crazy nor have I lost my mind.  I am however beside my self trying to grasp the reality of what I have been witnessing. When I first noticed something odd, it was some kind of something I didn't know what, that streaked across the sky at a quick as lightning speed, it was by accident that I happened to notice these things and they were so fast if I blinked I would miss it.  After some time I then realized the origin of where they were coming from.  To the East of my location I have a pretty good view of the mountains a good estimate of the distance from me to there I would say somewhere between 2 to 4 miles, 2 at the least and 4 at the most, this being a straight shot.  This is Weyerhaeuser property.  When the day light begins to fade and dusk is setting in, just on the ridge of the mountain top there you will notice a illuminating light coming from behind the mountain, if you see the light an watch closely you will notice what looks to be something like an orb, light in color, white/bluish most often, occasionally red shoot straight up in the sky, so fast it almost seems like it was just shot from a sling shot, if you blink you will miss it.  As i became more aware of these things and knew what to look for the more i questioned my reality, i am trying to grasp and comprehend what this is that i am seeing. Recently i have noticed some changes in what i knew as routine, also in appearance. Each Orb, as i referred to them as that shot off from over that mountain top came directly over head of my location, gradually made a u turn and shot off into the distance, destination unknown.  Then i saw one, closer and reduced speed i noticed after making a u turn the object is not an orb at all, they are disks and from looking underneath it's clear to see it is a disk shape outlined with lights.  Now that i know this i can recognize these disks at random in the sky and what i suspect trying to hide their presence behind what i thought were clouds.  The clouds also illuminate the white lights shaping the discs so although one could easily not notice, one could notice if they knew what to look for. These sightings have been going on for months now, i have been committed to watching, observing, and trying to learn more about these objects.  What shocks me and the more i learn the more shocked i get is, I sware on my life and everything i love, even on my only child i am telling the truth when i say there are hundreds of these things, possibly thousands.  There are signs of some kind of intelligence from these things might i just add.  They are there every day, and every night.  I really hope that there is somebody out there that can tell me what these things are exactly, what their purpose is, possible their intentions, something.  Tell me i'm wrong, but don't tell me i'm crazy. I can't help feeling frightened at times wondering what is the meaning behind these things?  And i can't help but to feel some excitement of the idea. what are they doing here? and what could there possibly be over that mountain top that they are so interested in? Where do they go when they shoot off into the sky?  Why are there so many of them?  And why the hell has nobody els seen these things?  Who do i even tell about what i'm seeing?  And would they even believe me?  Well that's why i am writing this now, where it goes and what comes of it i can only wait to find out. I will follow up on the situation in soon time for those that are curious, and believe what i am saying. I am telling the truth, i don't care to be ridiculed over something i hesitated and debated even speaking up about.  Don't pass judgement until you see for yourself, that's fair enough and all i ask. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
