Going West to East I saw what was the beginning of a meteor breaking up and did not get a confirmation from my nearest airport as to a ;2001-11-03 19:12:00;3sec;Going West to East I saw what was the beginning of a meteor breaking up and did not get a confirmation from my nearest airport as to a radar blip supporting my sighting.  Thousands of Oregon Ducks fans were seated and assembled at Autzen Stadium at that time. Anybody else? ((e-address deleted));44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
Orange Glowing Ball Over Springfield Oregon Moving NW to SE Across The City;2008-10-31 19:50:00;10 minutes;Orange Glowing Ball Over Springfield Oregon Moving NW to SE Across The City At approx 19:50 hrs on Friday Oct 31, 2008, I observed a circular glowing ball, orange in color, moving first from the Marcola Hill area northwest of Springfield, Oregon, then towards the southeast across the City.  The ball was estimated to be approx 1,000 or more feet in elevation, glowing a bright orange then changing to a smaller object.  It kept doing this for a duration of at least ten minutes till it disappeared into a cloud bank east of the city.  It was very dark out at the time and it was the bright orange that caught my attention.  As the object moved it appeared to get smaller and almost disappear but it would then appear at it's full size and color intensity.  I am retired from the USAF and have a background as a criminal investigator.  I have worked on many restricted projects and have never seen anything like this.  My wife who also saw this also has a law enforcement background and spent 8 years in the USAF.;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
Fireball seen over Springfield, Oregon;2012-05-08 01:30:00;5 seconds;Fireball seen over Springfield, Oregon At roughly 1:30 a.m., May 8, 2012, my friend and I had just returned to the Eugene area from Portland when we saw a fireball falling from the sky.  I was driving, and I saw the flash above and ahead and slightly to the left of our vehicle.   We were driving due west at that time on Centennial Blvd. in Springfield, OR, which means that the object was traveling from south to north.  The sighting lasted only a few seconds and ended when the object disappeared from view to the north (the treeline blocked our line of sight).   My friend and I afterwards agreed that the object was unlike anything either of us has ever seen before. I'm familiar with Chinese lanterns, having seen plenty of them in the U.S. and Asia, and there's no way this was a Chinese lantern.   I've also seen plenty of shooting stars, and this object was &quotfalling&quot much too slowly to have been a meteor. I use the term &quotfalling&quot advisedly, because it did not seem to be in a natural free! fall. It was going down quickly, but it also seemed like it was floating.  The strange thing about this sighting is that I would describe the object I saw as orange, or orange-yellow, whereas my friend saw something green.  I don't know what to make of that discrepancy.  Neither of us had been drinking or using drugs.;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
On July 4 at approx eleven pm I was standing in my back yard when from my right an orange orb or light appeared traveling at a slow spe;2012-07-04 23:00:00;5 minutes;On July 4 at approx eleven pm I was standing in my back yard when from my right an orange orb or light appeared traveling at a slow speed.  It was relatively high in the sky but appeared to be very close to my position and yet I couldn't make out an object associated with the light it was as if it were on fire but there was no flickering nor smoke nor was anything falling from the object.  I was completely floored by the sight of it mostly because this was a relatively large size light, about half the size of my thumb at arms length and larger vertically than horizontally and yet no sound could be heard, no flickering of light such as all aircraft I have seen in the sky display and so I couldn't figure out what it was.  For a moment I entertained the possiblility it was a meteorite and hoped that if it were one it would drop some material that I could retreive.  As I watched this light proceed in a north to south direction I noticed , again to my right, a q! uick movement and looking that direction I saw another light that seemed to swoop (for want of better way to explain how it appeared to fly) into view coming from a north to south direction and immediately to a east west direction and then again to the same apparent direction as the other light.  It assumed the same height and speed of the other light and this light was also orange and appeared to be on fire but with no flickering.  This object, although seeming to be the same apparent size of the first object was more of a tear-drop shape than the other one and it had a rather spiky appearance to its light.  These objects were entirely composed of light from my view of them I could not make out any features. I was thinking someone else must be able to see these objects, people were out shooting off fireworks and so the chance that someone was looking up at the sky were pretty good --I felt very excited seeing these objects because I've never seen anything like them before and I felt I was seeing a rare sight but by no means did I think I was the only one who could see them.  The big dipper was in the north/northwest sky and was setting..these objects were approximately half-way up the dipper or about half way up the sky in my estimation, about the same height a small aircraft would fly and lower than a jet.  I have seen loads of aircraft in the skies from my backyard and none have ever had lights as large as these two were, not even a helicopter close in the sky would have that type of light. The two lights, the second light having moved closer to the first light, continued to move steadily and at the same height in a southerly direction and I watched them looking from one to the other when I noticed the first light I had seen appeared to turn to the west and began to get smaller as if fading out or even burning out?   I watched it completely disappear in less than a minute.  I looked back to the other light and it too turned and began to fade from sight appearing to be going west directly away from me straight ahead of my orientation.  I did not take my eyes off of this one and watched until it appeared to become a tiny white circle such as a star would appear and seemingly to be very far away.  And then it too disappeared.  I watched for another hour on this clear night with a full moon behind me for anything even vaguely resembling what I saw but did not see any further objects. I have never seen anything like this before, could these have been some kind of firework?;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
Huge red ball of fire from the west traveled quickly to the south, then hovered for a minute or two, and disappeared.;2014-05-01 20:33:00;5 minutes;Huge red ball of fire from the west traveled quickly to the south, then hovered for a minute or two and disappeared. Sitting outside talking and all of a sudden a huge red ball of fire rose from the west and rapidly gained altitude, then abruptly stopped to the south and hovered there for a while, then disappeared.   Friend took still photo of red ball before it disappeared.;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
Burnt Orange/Fire seen by 3 people and 3 min of video;2014-07-16 23:30:00;2-3 minutes;Burnt Orange/Fire seen by 3 people and 3 min of video Me, my wife, & my son,decided to go for a walk down our street and up the street behind us on 7/16/14 about 11:30pm. It was a clear warm July night so we weren’t in any hurry or paying much attention to anything. As we were heading back up the street behind us I happened to look up at the trees behind the houses in front of us and that’s where I first seen it, OMG the color of that thing was absolutely CRAZY!! I told my wife and son to look at what I was seeing, I immediately went for my phone and got to the video recorder and started to record, but I wasn’t able to get the burnt orange, fire ball color because it had changed directions. At first it was coming from South to North, then turned and headed east towards Bend. I did get almost 3 minutes of video which I’ll post with this letter. This was the second time we seen this thing, the first was about 2 weeks earlier and there was 4 witnesses to that one, same color.;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
Dual speedliy rotating/orbiting stars.;2015-05-18 23:00:00;30-60 seconds;dual speedliy rotating/orbiting stars About 45 minutes ago i opened the back door to light a cigarette and i did and i stepped out and I saw a plane coming from the south.  My back door faces south. Its been so cloudy lately so i noticed the stars right away. I noted arcturus and then scanned to the west and noted jupiter.  I need to say that i am overwhelmed again suddenly as i write this  tears flood and i feel overwhelmed and i promise this is not a joke.  as soon as i noted jupiter i look just to the left and up of it because two orangish very distant and even seemed like stars just started to dance and rotate almost orbit each other rapidly i stepped back in the house and said ((wife's name deleted)) but she didnt come out.  i looked back and they horizontally and rapidly sped away in opposite direction.  i could have sworn they just stopped and turned into stars you now what i mean?  did they dissapear just in front of that star?   i just didnt know.  I have to say that i have experienced anxiety and depression in t! he past and even recently but this type of anxiety and feeling is way new.  Just thinking of it and imagining it is making me feel so tense. my eyes get wide and tears just pour out litterally.  im not crying though...  It was just so amazing. also, i yelled for my wife ((name deleted)) because i think it was end of march when we were both sitting out here and bothed wathed what we believed to be a tea lantern floating slowly up and both said how pretty it was. and then it just stopped. and it floated. and it never burnt out. and i can tell you now 1000 percent honest that it turned into or burnt out perfectly in front of arcturus. so. i stepped out immediately lit cigarette. looked up immediately saw plane traveling normal height blinking lights red and white obvious plane.  then notice acrturus pretty uch south above it look west immediately see them next to jupiter going crazy around each other. from me stepping out to watching them spinning around time lapsed about 10- 20 seconds.  stepped in ((wife's name deleted)) stepped right out immediately saw them travel opp! osite di rections horizontally. time lapsed now maybe 30 seconds. i stare. nothing. i look south perfect horizontal white non blinking perfect steady moving like a satelite and dissapears. ive seen many satelites. i just wouldnt call it one. arcturus is my favorite star and jupiter my favorite to look at through telescope. i not an alien wacko. END.... sorry so sloppy. just had to type while so fresh in my mind. Thank you for your time.  Sinerely, ((name deleted)).  I live in Springfield Oregon, im a dishwasher in a restaurant. Im married and have a 12 year old daughter. i own my home i dont rent.  I love nature and the outdoors.  I am passionate about many things such as human rights animal rights and the environment.  I grew up in yuma arizona on the border of mexico and had a sighting similar to phoenix light there when a kid but never thought about it again until now. so yea im just a normal guy practicing compassian and tollerance in todays speedy world and raising a little girl so th! at hopefully she just leaves this earth better then she found it as well. i have to work in the morning and im usually in bed by now.  This is tough it realy is.  I woke my wife up shortly after because i just had to tell her.  i just felt crazy absolutely crazy telling her. She believes me though because of what we saw together not that long ago. I ahve to say that after seeing it all and before i woke up katy i just remember thinking my eyes are clear and fine. I wasnt groggy. i didnt get teray from a yawn or anything....my brain says no way man but my eyes saw that. what was that? and lastly. the first thing i did was look on youtube and there was a vid posted in texas 20 minutes prior of something similar. i posted a omment. it was a shaky vid though. I dont own a vid cam. i dont use a cell phone. I would take a pollygraph. i just want to know the truth. what the hell did i see tonight??;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
