A Fleet of lights in the sky, heading south I-5 corridor 9/2/09;2009-09-02 20:00:00;aprox. an hr.;A Fleet of lights in the sky, heading south I-5 corridor 9/2/09 Sept. 2, 2009, around 20:00 or 8 p.m. pacific standard time, up on leaving a local pizza parlor I looked up and noticed small lights traveling south in the sky.  I pointed it out to my family, and told them, let's go, get me home, I need to get my camera! It only took us less than 3 min to get home. My daughter ran in and got the camera as I stood with my younger daughter out front the house watching these things moving along the same path rather slowly, there was low lying small puffy clouds, we could watch them move.  At one point after the flash of the camera went off all of a sudden there was one that got really bright, then faded completely,they were heading south directly over head, down what is considered the I-5corridor.  Higher than I see planes travel lower than the stars yet the stars where just starting to appear. As we watched  these numerous lights flowing through the sky, none however seemed to be in the part of the sky with out the clouds.  I was able to capture a few with my digital camera. When zoomed in on two different frames I shot, there was two object that had numerous lights around what looked like the mid section, the lights appear to look greenish in color with a red light directly center on the top, where the top light was in relation the the green lights gave it the appearance of the classic saucer shape,  the larger of the two object I also was able to pick up lights in the center directly below the center lights, in this same frame I also captured another object flying below the larger object.  It appeared to be smaller and more triangular with the point heading south and what looked like bright lights coming off the back like after burners.  There was no sound that we could hear, I have never seen this many planes in the same space of sky flying in the same direction a! s these where. I also took a shot toward the moon where the sky was clear without clouds, when I zoomed in on the photo frame I brought up a number of objects some looking like orbs, yet one was brighter and as I zoomed in further it was like none of the others I captured, it had roundness to it at first due to the glow of its lights that went all the way around, yet as I zoomed in further it had a number of points 3 to the back and a square outline to the sides that came around to the front with a few more points 2 to the front and a long point in the middle of those 2 points, the direction it was moving, seemed to be northwest from the southeast sky, the lights on it appeared to be white and the middle underside was dark. I thought to get my camera to try and capture what was passing over head after seeing some photos a friend had captured, here in the area over the past few months.;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
Large T shaped craft hovered just above tree line over parking lot of McKenzie Willamette Hospital.;2016-02-12 17:00:00;1 minute;Large T shaped craft hovered just above tree line over parking lot of McKenzie Willamette Hospital. On this evening, I saw a Large T shaped Craft come down over the Parking lot adjacent to the McKenzie Willamette Hospital.  It was right above the Parking lot  It was like a Square cut T shape laying down the IT was Mat Gray in Color It appeared to be 2 stories in width and from where I was it  Was just above the tree line and directly about the hospital parking lot.  If you think of a T Laying down, the trunk of the T was the direction it came in at with three equally spaced white dome lights underneath and six smaller dome light along the Cross section of the T there was no sound no vibration it hovered for nearly one minute before moving forward over the hospital in a northwest direction.  It moved slightly and effortlessly.   There is a surveillance camera on the Medical building roof that faces the parking lot Id Be Interested to See what it captured.... ((NUFORC Note:  This is a prime example of why it is so important to report a sighting quickly.  If we had known of the sighting in February, we might have been able to secure the tapes and see what the object looked like.  Almost certainly, they have been recycled, and used again.  PD));44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
