big,hovering triangular object with multiple lights lit under it gliding at low altitude on a clear,calm night;2009-09-20 21:30:00;1-2 minutes;big,hovering triangular object with multiple lights lit under it gliding at low altitude on a clear,calm night i was on my way to work on jasper road,rigth after 58th street.i had just gone past t traffic lights on 58th street and was now slowly accelerating on jasper road...after the lights,the road is just a little elevated so you have a wide and open view of the sky.As i was driving,something came to my eye.I noticed a triangular shaped object,with six amber lights or so and a middle yellowish-blue blinking one in the middle.What made me notice it is that it was gliding/hovering at prety low altitude,steady speed and it caught my attention because there's no airports close around and it didnt make sense to me why there would be a low flying aircraft right there.I pulled my car to the side and since i had a wide clear view,i decided to look a little closer at whatever was slowly hovering ahead of me...and by no means was it a helicopter because there was no blades whirring and no noise coming from it.I had just slept for 7 hours before getting up and ready for work! so i was fully rested,awake,sober and straight minded at that point.I watched this thing slowly glide while emanating no noise from it for a good minute and a half or so.If i could approximate,this thing was probably 1/2 a mile away but from that distance and by what my eyes were telling me,it looked pretty huge....this just happened 2hours ago so forgive me for the way im writing all of this down but im still awed,dumbstruck and scared from whati saw...i will never EVER forget that moment as long as im living and breathing on this earth;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
Triangle light formation with faces in the lights;2012-12-31 22:30:00;Seconds;Triangle light formation with faces in the lights My future son in law went outside just in front of the house to make a phone call, he looked up saw the lights, snapped a picture on his old metro cell phone.  As soon as he clicked the picture, the craft left quickly and silently.   He came in the house showed the picture to us, I downloaded it to the computer.  Upon closer examination of the image it looked like human faces and alien faces in the lights, some possibly Grey's.;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
Triangular shaped object moving into a cloud.;2021-01-08 20:11:00;20 seconds;Triangular shaped object moving into a cloud. As I drove down the street on my way to the store at 8:11 pm on the evening of 1/8/2021, I glanced up from my windshield as my car drive in that direction down 17th st, and saw 3 strange lights in the spaced aprx 100ft apart from each other and grouped in the shape of a triangle.  I immediately assumed it was a radio tower when I realized I had driven down that street 100’s of times before and there is no radio towers within that line of sight from that vantage.  As I slowed down my car trying to figure out what I was seeing, I noticed that the lights in the shape of a triangle were almost drifting, but clearly steadily moving away from me, under power, with the leading end of the triangle angled down at what I think to be roughly a 30 degree angle as it flew horizontally, much the way a helicopter would fly with the nose slightly down.  The red lights didn’t look like normal lights as they slowly pulsated and looked more glowing hot  unlike aircraft lights.  I then assumed I! was seeing 3 drones spaced apart moving in unison.  As the triangles got closer to the cloud bank I could see a black triangular mass in between of each of the three glowing pulsating lights that was clearly what the lights were attached to. At this point I can honestly say I felt I was looking at something I have never seen before. I come from a family of pilots and have been in aircraft big and small, am familiar with a range of different types of fixed wing and helicopters (more than the average person) and have seen aircraft lights at night from the ground and am able to identify these vehicles at night quickly. I am also familiar with drones and know what they look like in the dark and their flight characteristics. Again, my estimate of the size of this object was roughly 100’ between each point of light and my guess at its altitude would be 300’ to 400’ max. As it slowly moved over the area near a local supermarket a quarter mile away, I lost sight of it as it entered! the cloud mass. This cloud mass was moving S West to N East a! s the ob ject was moving at a Northern  trajectory, intersecting the cloud as it moved almost true north towards the Mowhawk hills north of my position. I want to make it clear I have no opinion of what I saw but It didn’t strike me as organic or man made in flight characteristics or appearance, I do not believe one way or the other when it comes to UFO’s and other supposed paranormal activity and I lean more towards the skeptical side of the phenomena. But what I saw disturbed me especially given its size. It looked as if it was flying into the cloud deliberately. I’m reporting this in an effort to ascertain if anyone else witnessed this and reported it and would appreciate someone contacting me if that is the case. This entire event transpired over the course of 20 seconds and I have no video footage given the fact I was behind the wheel.;44.0573962962964;-122.95374691358
