two disks edge on with light on botom flying in formation.;1976-12-25 19:00:00;3 minutes;two disks edge on with light on botom flying in formation. My Mother and Father were looking out the picture window in the living room towards the Southwest when they notices two objects moving from that direction towards them-Northeast.  They called me from the other end of the House.  They did not know what they were seeing. I grabbed my binoculars and ran to where they were.  I located the objects.  They were like two pie plates placed open side to open side.  We saw them edge on.  Each one had a distinct pale yellow light on their bottom side or face.  The full moon was shining in a sky with scatttered clouds.  It was reflecting off the objects.  Also, the light on the bottom side was reflecting of that surface.   They appeared to be made of a very polished or shiny metal.  I tracked them through the picture window until they went overhead.  I then ran to the other end of the house and reacquired them.  One-the one originally on the left and now on the right continued on its original course.  The one originally on the right, but now on the left due to my change of position and viewing perspective had curved off and was heading straight north.  There was no apparent sound, and they moved at a steady pace.  The lights were steady.  They were probably two to three hundred feet up.  There was more perspective on their height as they were moving over some trees and were observed through same. I would guess they were probably 30 feet in diameter and a third that thick.;44.5542000000001;-69.6179
fast moving high altitude pulsating disc;1994-05-12 22:15:00;1 min;fast moving high altitude pulsating disc I was stargazing with 12x50 binoculars.  The sky was clear with myriads of spring stars.   I had already observed several high altitude aircraft like airliners as well as satelites.  While scanning with the binoculars I spotted a fast moving disc shaped object moving from east to west.  It was pulsating rythmically like a heart beating at a rapid rate.  It was like light was moving from the canter to the rim in waves.  The beats were roughly four per second.   I tracked it until it went out of sight. The whole thing lasted 30 seconds to a minute.  It appeared to be very high moving very fast.  It wasn't like any aircraft I have seen.  It gave me the creeps. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));44.5542000000001;-69.6179
