saw a light, long object above some trees while driving.we stopped and got out to see what it was. we thought it was a large plane flyi;1999-11-16 19:03:00;3-4 minutes;saw a light, long object above some trees while driving.we stopped and got out to see what it was. we thought it was a large plane flying low and was going to crash  but it wasnt a plane. i believe it was a ufo! while out driving with my mom and sister we came to a stop sign.my mom said what is that and to our surprise it was a long object with several lights. green and white in color.it stayed over the treetops in front of us for a few minutes and then turned and vanished. i told my sister that it was a 747 plane at first, but we didnt hear a sound when we got out of the car to watch it. it scared me  when it started to turn towards us, so i told her to get in . when we got back in, we watched it fall behind the trees, the lights went out. we drove across the road to see if it had crasshed or if we could find it, but we couldnt. my sister called the local news and the coast guard, but they told us it was only a meteor. we know it wasnt!! and nobody can tell me that it wasnt some sort of flying object.;45.0137;-85.3591
saw long string of lights and watched it hover atop some trees.when it turned to the left i saw that it was circular and large. i knew ;1999-11-16 19:03:00;3-5 minutes;saw long string of lights and watched it hover atop some trees.when it turned to the left i saw that it was circular and large. i knew what i was seeing was a ufo . after it turned a little, it then we down rather fast behind some  trees and disappeared. on november 16th my two daughters, three grandchildren and myself left my home on hjelte road (eight miles north of elk rapids) and went north on us31 towards eastport. my daughter went down a side road called nichols to pay a bill. when we started back towards the highway i noticed a huge object in the sky to our left at approximately 150 ft ahead of us.when i put my window down to listen for an engine, i heard nothing.the object was surrounded by green and white lights. i said what the hell is that and pointed to the object. at this time we were at the stop sign off nichols road,next to us31. my two daughters got out of the car. the object glided slowly atop the trees in front of us.it began to tip slowly to the left and then i could see that it was round and very large, probably the size of a football feild and a half. my daughters got scared and jumped back into the car.at that time the craft sped up and dropped straight down behind the trees towards the west, and all the lights went out at once.i dont know whether it crashed but it was gone. i have lived here forever and have never seen such a thing before, and i am 57 years old. i know what i saw was a ufo of some sort.;45.0137;-85.3591
