Red oval with black dot and white inverted V directly underneath which may have been a trail.  ((NUFORC Note:  Contrail??  PD));2008-09-09 17:00:00;8 minutes;Red oval with black dot and white inverted V directly underneath which may have been a trail. Between September 1st & 14th, 2008 (can’t remember exact the date though it wouldn’t have been a Monday or Wednesday) my grandson, 12 years old and a straight A student currently in the sixth grade and I, a 53-year-old business owner, were about to turn into my driveway in Palestine, TX between 4-7PM.  It was a clear day, very few clouds, and the sun was not in our line of vision.     I was headed due north and we saw an object coming from the northwest or about 10:00 going upward from the tree line …We thought at first it might be a jet or weather balloon but it had an upside down white V shape coming from underneath and the shape did not vary or leave a “print” in the sky like a jet and a balloon is usually like an upside down teardrop and clear. As we watched, it came directly over us, moving steadily and seeming lower than it first appeared to be and moving toward the southeast or 5:00 direction. When it was over us we both thought it looked like an upside down lady bug in both it’s shape and as it was red with a black area like a dot on it and the “V” was still very clearly visible and exactly the same.  The bottom of the “V” never varied in its length. The V was thicker or wider, right under the object and seemed to come to a point on each “leg” of the “V”.   We had the windows down and I turned the car off but we didn’t hear any noise. The trees in the yard started to block our view as it moved through the sky somewhat behind us so I started the car, did a quick 3 point turn in the driveway and moved to the end of our little road, about 200 yards.  The object was totally gone. I usually don’t think much about this sort of thing as we live close to the balloon base but I checked the calendar that night and there were no scheduled launched.  I was very peculiar to us in that it was red and the white “V” was so stable. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));31.7584225806452;-95.6487354838709
