It both amazes and agravates me that no one in my area has reported or talked about the strange red and white lights in the sky at nigh;2011-12-22 20:00:00;continuous;It both amazes and agravates me that no one in my area has reported or talked about the strange red and white lights in the sky at night, when the sky is clear. I reported several weeks ago, and I followed it up with a phone call a few days later.  I was told what I had seen was not a UFO, but no other explanation was given. I have seen as many as ten of these objects in the skies on several occasions, and they are NOT stars, airplanes, satellites, Northern Lights, Southern Lights or anything I have encounted in my 65 years. As I mentioned, I have seen as many as ten of these objects in a matter of only a few minuts, as they do not normally move a lot.  They normally remain in a particular area of the sky and make circular movements, and travel both vertically and horizontally for short distances, and remind me of a kite flying in the wind. The objects always have a red light and a white light and at first glance one might think they were a star.  Upon closer examination and observance, you will discover they are definitely not stars. I live in east texas and I can travel ten miles to the nearest city to me and observe the objects all during the short excursion.  I have to be careful not to cause a traffic accident on the highway while observing the strange lights. I have, on occasion seen the red light turn briefly to blue and a short time later it returns to red again. Usually the red light sits atop the white light, but I have on occasion seen the opposite with the red on bottom and white on top. I once saw two of these objects which appeared to be reasonably close to the ground, one in the south and one in the west.  As I was watching the two, the one from the south began to move very quickly to intercept the one in the west.  As they drew near, they both went black for a few seconds and then the one from the south disappeared altogether. Are we so complacent and apathetic that we just do not want to get involved?  Or could it be that we are afraid of what people might think of us if we report this strange occurence?  Whatever the reason, I am perturbed about the whole thing. In my opinion this could be our military using equipment which is not widely known to the public, or this could be actual and very real UFO's from elsewhere in the vast universe in which we live.  I cannot believe another country has invaded our air space and our military  knowing nothing of it.  I also cannot believe the military would not be aware of strange objects in the skies for at least the past six weeks in my area of the country. What the hell is going on here?  Does anyone care?  Have there been too many sightings which turned out to be something natural and explainable that we now just assume this is a hoax or the rantings of an nut? I assure you that I am not a UFO freak, and the report in November to this organization was the first ever for me as I had never encountered anything to report until that time.  This is my second report, and I expect this to get as much attention as the first. I do not have a camera capable of capturing the images of these objects, but I am sure someone in my area would have that equipment.  Why not call someone who can investigate and take snaps or footage of the objects so we could learn what is going on?  I do not know any scientists or astromomers and I do not intend to go to the local high school and ask the science teacher to bear witness that what I am seeing is, indeed real. Don't take me seriously, but one day I will look back and say:  I told you so back in November of 2011.  Are we so prideful and arrogant that we believe, in this day and age, that we are the only possible life form capable of intelligence and the ability to travel beyond our own planetary system?  If this is the case, then heaven help us when we learn the truth. I suppose this could possibly cause a panic if we learn that we are not alone in the universe, but to ignore the possiblity is unforgivable in my opinion.  Will someone please investigate these objects and expain to the rest of us what they are?  Please?;31.7584225806452;-95.6487354838709
