Because of my past history inside the craft (s) & (MILABS) this could be related to U.S. UFO/FLAP!!!;2011-12-23 21:00:00;2 minutes;Because of my past history inside the craft (s) & (MILABS) this could be related to U.S. UFO/FLAP!!! While on the North/14 Antelope Freeway, myself passenger noticed a octagon shaped, while wife was driving the winding mountain range.  This craft seemed to pace the flow of traffic as we traveled north bound just prior to Acton CA a small township community which rest in a small bowl like valley.  At arms length this craft seem to be approx. the size of a standard house large ceiling air vent, at 500 feet high over the freeway.  The craft gave off a brillant array of white/ red/ (blue/green) colors.  I noticed a large spot light type light in front and to the rear of the craft, which may or may not be the direction of travel of this craft, as when I first noticed UFO it traveled in a north by north/west direction, within a split second it shot northbound out of sight approx. 1/4 mile only to return over our car in less than a second.  I open my sun roof in our ML-350 Mercedes Benz, and lost sight of the craft for a second or two but noticed the craft seemed to ! be pacing our car, I should make mention this SUV/ML-350 has radar function which may of helped the craft pace our car in the begining of the sighting and just prior to speeding forward the 1/4 mile, again hard to tell because of the octagon shape. Moreover, the spotlight in the front and end of the craft always remain on, the circumference of the craft displayed red lights over box like windows which were white, blue lights circled the craft.  This craft then traveled in a north/west direction and gave the appearance of rest on top of a medium size hill 1 & 1/2 miles away.  In conclusion, I have a history of childhood UFO abduction, inside the craft which was investigated by the late Dr. J. Allen Hynek, 1973 inturn my case was transfered to (MUFON) Beverly Hills, CA Mufon Chapter, investigators the Late Idabel Epperson and her investigator daughter Marylin Epperson. Finally, it should be noted in 1964/67 while serving my country as a United States Marine, Camp Pendleton, San Diego, CA I was subjected to a (MILABS) experience, along with other Marines, as we were taken via military bus with blacken windows & black curtains over the black painted windows. We went to a desert location where a UFO craft was housed.;34.5790359364198;-118.190248168623
Bright light leaves mist and blue streak in sky after breaking apart. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 18:30:00;10 minutes;Bright light leaves mist and blue streak in sky after breaking apart, disintegrating  ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD)) Okay so we see this bright light.  It looks like a spotlight from a helicopter cause it was bright and headlight shaped but you don't hear anything and it's leaving almost a mist behind while its moving.  It then starts to break apart like how space crafts do when going to space but then it starts to disintegrate and leaves the mist behind and a blue streak where it began.  (Also, the area we were looking were a bunch of mountains so theres no other lights in the sky nor background really) ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));34.5790359364198;-118.190248168623
Single light moving overhead in Palmdale,Ca performs a U turn then stops;2021-08-03 20:30:00;20minutes;Single light moving overhead in Palmdale,Ca performs a U turn then stops Approximately at 8:30pm on August 3rd my girlfriend and I had returned from our normal walk. We stopped at our neighbor’s house to chat with them as they were sitting outside. During the conversation I was looking up as always to spot satellites. I spotted what I thought was one and excitedly pointing it out to them. It was single white light like a typical satellite and was moving straight above our heads from the N/W to a S/E direction. My girlfriend spotted it but I had to help my neighbor spot it. It took him about 5 seconds to locate it.  A few seconds later my girlfriend and my neighbor turned away and that’s when a few seconds later I saw the light take an instant U turn. I screamed out “It did a U turn”. They both look up and acknowledge that it was going in the opposite direction. As all three of us watched the UFO going in the opposite direction and In a matter of seconds it stopped moving and stayed in one position above us. I yelled out”It stoppe! d”. They agreed with me that it had stopped.  They watched it for a short time and then turned away but I kept my eyes on it. After 10 minutes my neck started to hurt from looking up for that length of time. The light never moved and I kept on telling them that they don’t realize what we were witnessing but they didn’t seem as enthusiastic as I was about we had just witness.  We went home and it had never moved as I entered my house as I watched it until then. I also pointed out to them a plane that was flying over and explained that the planes have blinking lights and aren’t that high up in the sky. I am 66 yrs. old and have 20/20 vision. I have seen thousands of traveling satellites and have never witness one traveling at that speed and that altitude and do a U turn instantly and then slow to a stop. No plane or helicopter could ever do what we saw tonight. I’m glad I had two witnesses to verify this report.;34.5790359364198;-118.190248168623
