I saw strange blinking lights in the sky and when I got underneath it was a triangle.;2019-12-11 18:30:00;approximately 2 minutes;I saw strange blinking lights in the sky and when I got underneath it was a triangle. Tonight, December 11, 2019 at approximately 6:30pm CST, I was driving West on HWY 14 in the small community of Nunez heading towards the city of Kaplan, Louisiana. I saw two strange lights in the sky up ahead. They were higher than the tree line, but lower than where I usually see planes or helicopters in the sky. There were two lights situated next to each other, one was red and the other was green – I believe the red was on the right (my right) and the green on the left, but I cannot be exactly certain. The lights would blink in an alternating pattern, and when the lights would blink they were white. I notice that they weren’t moving. As I approached, they still were not moving – they just appeared to be hovering there. I continued to watch the lights as I got closer, and they did not move. I was able to pass under it – not immediately underneath as it was more to the left of me and would have been more over the left lane of traffic and not the right lane – but I was able to look out of my driver’s window and up to see underneath it. It was in the shape of a triangle, and there was another light at the back point of the triangle that was white and blinking. It was not moving at all as far as I could tell and appeared to just be hovering. As I passed it, I was near a curve, so I couldn’t continue to watch it and it was some distance before it became visible in my sideview mirror. When I was able to view it in my sideview and rearview mirror, it appeared as just one blinking white light. It was by far the strangest thing I have ever seen in the sky! In total, about 2 minutes elapsed from the time I first noticed the lights and the time when I passed it. I have a dash cam, but it did not capture the lights in the sky on my footage. I did dictate what I was seeing as soon as I realized the lights weren’t moving, so that can be heard on the footage.;29.9755;-92.2983
