Some kind of object was floating over one of my cows.;2001-08-01 06:00:00;5 seconds;((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to LINDA MOULTON HOWE, well-known investigator of UFO events from Pennsylvania, for conducting a follow-up investigation of this case.  Her findings suggest that the case may not be accurate and authentic.  Linda had a very difficult time contacting the alleged witnesses, who did not return her many telephone calls.  When she finally reached the principal witness at his place of work, he denied any knowledge of having submitted the report, he denied any knowledge of the incident.   Apparently, a second family member reported to Linda that they would contact NUFORC about the case, but they have not done so as of the date of this writing.   LINDA MOULTON HOWE can be contacted at the following addresses:    Some kind of object was floating over one of my cows. I went out to my barn, before going to work to check on a couple of my cows and check their water.  This is a big barn, with two sliding doors on the front, each about 15 ft. tall, and 7 ft. wide.  I leave the doors open during the summer so air can cirulate.  When I walked in the was a thing floating over top of a cow.  I'll try to describe it.  It was about the size of a tire, but square, and angled down on all of it sides.  It looked about 8 in. thick, and maybe 3 ft. wide, and it was black with some kind of grey markings on it.  The thing actually looked kind of beatup.  When I walked in, the thing just floated there for a couple of seconds, then went over my head, and out the door. It didn't go real fast over me, but I don't know where it went once it got outside, and it didn't make any noise.  I looked a good while for it, but never saw it again.  I went back inside the barn to check on my cattle, they go in and out, that's where they water at, and found the cow that the thing was floating over.  She looked and acted alright, but I found a place on her ear that looked like she had been poked with a needle or somthing.  There was just a tiny bit of blood there, and also her eye on that side of her head, had like a broken blood vessel in it.  I told my wife what I saw, and she told me that I was crazy, so I thought I would tell you.  I was also late for work because of this dawgone thing.;38.2254;-82.4369
