THREE SMALL FLYING OBJECTS CAME TOGETHER FROM DIFFERNT AREAS TO FORM A STACKED FORMATION, THEN ROTATED  CLOCK WISE TO ABOUT 2 OCLOCK FO;1999-10-19 17:30:00;15min;THREE SMALL FLYING OBJECTS CAME TOGETHER FROM DIFFERNT AREAS TO FORM A STACKED FORMATION, THEN ROTATED  CLOCK WISE TO ABOUT 2 OCLOCK FOR THE TOP ONE AND 7 OCLOCK FOR THE BOTTOM ONE THE CENTER ONE DIDN'T MOVE THEY STAYED THIS WAY FOR ABOUT 4MINUTES , THE TOP ONE THEN SPED OFF TO THE EAST AND THE LOWER ONE TO THE NORTH   ,THE CENTER ONE STAYED WHERE IT WAS FOR A FEW MOMENTS ,THEN TOOK OFF FROM SIGHT. THE FIRST ONE MUST OF COVERED 6-8 MILES IN A FEW SECONDS THEN STOPPED AND HOVERED I THEN LOOKED TO MY LEFT AND SAW ANOTHER ONE  FLYING PAST TO ABOUT WHERE THE FIRST ONE WAS LOCATED, THEY WERE A COUPLE OF MILES APART THAT IS WHEN I NOTICED TWO MORE  . WE ARIVED HOME AND THEY WERE STILL THERE WHEN WE WENT INSIDE.. AS FAR AS DESCRIPTION GOES THEY ALL HAD A BRIGHT LIGHT WITH WITH SOMETHING BLINKING .WE COULDN'T MAKE OUT ANY SHAPE , AND THERE WAS NO NOISE COMING FROM THEM .MY WIFE KEEP ASKING IF THEY WERE HELOCOPTERS , BUT I'VE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING MOVE THAT FAST OR CHANGE DIRECTION SO QUICK THIS HAPPENED IN TOTAL DARKNESS   .;45.6700175355448;-111.127973696682
That star is acting like a foosball!  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of a bright star or planet??  PD));2011-07-13 03:00:00;2 hours;That star is acting like a foosball! I live a ways outside of town and work nights from home.  I was getting something out of my car when I spotted it.  At first I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me.  It looked like any other star in the sky, but was moving, all kinds of directions, slow then very quick.  So quick it would leave a light streak behind it, as though it were a falling star.  The view from my front yard is S-SW, facing Yellowstone Park, the object appeared to be far away in that direction, and very high up.  At one point a jet flew by and the object seemed nowhere near it, much higher.  It would sit still, then fall like a meteor, then all-of-the-sudden, it would break at a 90 degree angle, without slowing down at all.  It would streak across the horizon like nothing else, then come to an instant stop.  It didn't behave with any sort of purpose, it all seemed very random, like it was bouncing around and spinning off walls -like a foosball.  I watched it until the sun came up! and I could no longer see it.  My mind is now completely blown.  The light it gave off really looked like any other star in the sky, but it remained bright long after the stars had faded into the sunrise.  Not sure what else to say, it wasn't strange looking, it looked like a star or satellite.  It made no sound either, but again, it seemed too far away to hear.  It moved like nothing I have ever seen, for hours on end.  I had to tell someone, almost called the police, but what the heck are they going to do -other than harass me.  Tried your hotline as I was watching, but there was no answer.  Guess this is all I can do.  I took photos, 60 second open shutter shots, hoping it would show up.  It moved too much for the lens to collect its light.  The photos look like any other night sky shot, nothing interesting or believable in them.  I tried video too, but that was too dark, nothing showed up -lots of me going oh my god! in them though.  I tried to narrorate what I was s! eeing.  If you want the photos or video, just ask.  I'm mainly curious if anyone else reported it, and what to do if it's back tonight (?).  Thanks! ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of a bright star or planet, we suspect.  PD));45.6700175355448;-111.127973696682
UFO sighting in Bozeman Montana at approximately 11:00 pm on March 27th, 2012.;2012-03-27 23:00:00;2-3 minutes;UFO sighting in Bozeman Montana at approximately 11:00 pm on March 27th, 2012. Hello.  I live in Bozeman, Montana.  On the night of March 27th, 2012, I witnessed what I am positive to have been a UFO.  I went outside on my deck at 10:45 p.m. to smoke a cigarette before going to bed and I looked up into the clear night sky as I usually do.  What I saw dumbfounded me!  As I was looking southward, toward the Hyalite foothills from my house off of College Street, I saw three lights, they appeared red and white in color, and they were in a long line apart from one another.  The lights were blinking simultaneously, the first one, then the second one, then the third one, in that order over and over. I opened my front door and told my fiancé, to please come outside to see what I was witnessing.  He came out and witnessed the phenomenon too and he said, “What is that?”   Then he exclaimed, “It’s a UFO!” We both watched as this UFO very slowly moved east, towards the MSU campus until it disappeared from our sight, approximately two or three minutes, it was all over by 10:50 pm. This UFO appeared to be at least a football field long in length, from where we were standing.  I know that the Hyalite foothills are only 8 miles from our place, so it was definitely in front of the mountains and it looked very close, like it could be right above College Street, which is only 200 or 300 yards from our house.  We watched the lights blinking and the UFO was completely silent.  We knew it wasn’t an airplane, the lights were spaced too far apart, and airplanes are not that big, also, helicopters make alot of noise!  Plus, I know the flight pattern for the airplanes that fly overhead to the Gallatin Field Airport in Belgrade, and this object definitely wasn’t going that direction!  He also ran back into our house and grabbed his phone and tried to take a video of this event but when he turned on the video camera it kept shutting down! If only we could have captured this on video, nevertheless, having lived in beautiful Big Sky Country Montana my entire life and being the avid “sky-watcher” woman I am, I have never experienced anything like this before.  I did call our local radio station, The Eagle 105.7 & 104.7 FM and the guy I talked to said that he also saw the UFO!  He said that it was triangular in shape and black in color.  I couldn’t make that out when I witnessed it, but it appeared BIG!  Anyhow, they did announce it on the radio.  I have yet to hear how many folks called in to say they saw it too.  I am a little freaked out by the whole experience, and I haven’t felt good since.  Maybe it’s the flu, but my headache won’t go away.  I have seen what I thought to be UFO’s in the past, especially up at our family cabin in West Yellowstone, but they were always pretty far away.  This one however, was too close for comfort!!  Thanks for sharing on this website and thanks to Peter Davenport for be! lieving in my story.  My fiancé is also going to post his view of the story soon.  I will be watching the Montana sky alot more!;45.6700175355448;-111.127973696682
White flash, traveling light, bright white light.;2013-06-30 23:00:00;3 minutes;white flash, traveling light, bright white light Second sighting in 12 hours we witness one last night at what I just realized was at the same time.  We had just gotten home from Harrison Mt and I was walking out from our house to unload the boat.  My sight was drawn up to the sky by a bright flash of light  coming from the south, it was exactly like we saw last night a led flash light being switched on and off again.  I thought it was my mind playing tricks, but as I watched I noticed a light red dim light that was traveling north,  I could guage its movement by the stars that it passed.  Its speed seemed slow but at a steady pace.  I called for my girlfriend and finally had to run in and grab her to come out.  I thought I missed showing it to her but she spotted it still going north but it was behind us above our house.  We couldnt believe what happened next.  The light disappeared and reappeared kept its pace until it disappeared again for a few seconds.  When it disappeared there was what we assumed was a bri! ght star diagonally next to that area.  We stared up looking for it to reappear again when it came out of the star following the diagonal course directly back to were it originally disappeared and just sat there motionless.  Where it was until a light cloud cover came in and filed out all the stars.  I will be watching the sky every night, I feel this is something special, that can't be ignored.;45.6700175355448;-111.127973696682
Two invisible crafts flying above Montana.;2017-08-23 21:00:00;15-20 minutes;Two invisible crafts flying above Montana. I am just now submitting a report I witnessed about a month ago.  This happened at some point during August 20-24. I am an adult female living in Bozeman, Montana.  Around 8:30 or 9:00 p.m., I walked outside onto my 3rd story balcony, and it wasn't long before something in the sky captured my attention.  Flying from west to north, I believed it was a satellite.  Then, I noticed as the object abruptly changed direction going east. Now, this is when I began watching it more closely.  It seemed as if it was in the atmosphere, it was flying at a slower speed than an airplane would be, and I could see in the distance the object had red and white lights.  Suddenly, I see another object just like the first one, coming from the same direction, west.  The first object, still flying east at this time, then turns around and goes toward the second flying object!  The two flying objects are now coming towards each other.  When they cross paths, the two objects STOP completely in mid flight!  They lined up perfectly(one on top of the other) and each emitted a bright, red-orange light that looked like two huge balls of light.  Only for about two or three seconds did that last, and they continued flying in the opposite direction.  The first one flew southwest, and out of my view (behind my apartment building), and I continued to watch the second object fly east, along the moutian tops in the distance and then began flying directly north, away from my view. This is when the first object ended up flying directly overhead and I could get a look at it. Like I said, it was flying in the atmosphere, so it was as low as a plane or a helicopter might be. But, all I could see were lights, no aircraft.  As if it were invisible.  On what would be the underside of the craft had red lights in the shape of two rectangles overlapping and fading in and out with the white circular lights on the sides. I watched the two mysterious flying objects until they were totally out of sight. This ran the course of about 15 to 20 minutes.  My assessment of the situation is they were maybe on some sort of scouting mission, because of the way they flew in opposite directions. Then they linked up, as to share data, and continued in different ways. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date above is approximate.  PD));45.6700175355448;-111.127973696682
Two orange-red lights moving independently in southern sky.  ((anonymous report));2018-01-01 19:40:00;4 minutes;Two orange-red lights moving independently in southern sky Two objects were moving erratically in the southern sky.  They were much brighter than any star and were orange-red in color with slightly pulsating brightness.  The objects were about 1 to 3 degrees apart but did not remain at a fixed distance apart.  They did not move like airplanes and did not make any noise.  After a few minutes they appeared to move rapidly away as the brightness dimmed very quickly.;45.6700175355448;-111.127973696682
