A bright saucer UFO rose up from behind distant woods, turned left and glided out of sight.;1997-07-01 21:00:00;3 mins.;A bright saucer UFO rose up from behind distant woods, turned left and glided out of sight. This sighting happened quite a while ago when I was about 8 or 9, and at the time I just took it as an incredible and unmistakable UFO sighting, and didn't think to see if there was a website I could report it to until just now (I'm 19). Even though it wasn't very long or eventful, it is one of the most stark and obvious UFOs I've ever seen (even against those in the media).  It was a summer night, and my sister, our next door neighbor and I were all outside in our field. We lived in an apartment house on top of a long driveway in an area that separates street blocks from more wooded and fielded terrain. We were in our field, looking at stars and just talking, when we saw a UFO rise straight up from behind the distant woods that were off to the right of our distant neighbors house, approximately 7-800 ft. from where we were standing. Notice how I checked the The object landed box, because this object almost definitely had to have been on the ground, because it was rising in a perfect vertical line from behind the trees. It appeared quite small (about the size of your fingernail if you were to hold it up to the sky), and no detail could be seen, except that it was extremely clearly a perfect saucer UFO straight out of a comic book. There were no individual lights, but it was completely glowing a very pure bright, gold light (this may have been due in part to the possibility that it was reflecting light as a faraway object, but it wasn't an ordinary reflective glow it seemed engulfed in light, like the object itself was either VERY reflective, or emitting some kind of glow itself). There was absolutely no sound anywhere in the quiet of the night. It rose straight up at a mid-pace until it was very high in the sky, then without any shift in appearance whatsoever it made a perfect 90ยบ left turn and continued at the same exact rate of speed, and just kept gliding in that direction until it was out of sight.  Despite my young age, I am certain there's no way it could have been any known aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));41.969001111111;-74.0671094444442
