Hollow letter Y surrounded completely in a gaseous liquid fiery type plasma. Whole body flexing n twisting slightly.;2013-08-31 22:14:00;5 minutes;Hollow letter Y surrounded completely in a gaseous liquid fiery type plasma. Whole body flexing n twisting slightly. It was an upside down hollow letter Y.  The bottom of Y was the nose. The body length and twin tails seemed to be flexible and moving..like it was alive or gel like. It also seemed to be constantly surrounded in liquid like flames (or even better, like a gaseous looking lava or plasma?) that circulated inward towards its center, and then back out and around the structure, all the way around it.  I was mildly twisting and contorting.  Like if you took your thumb and first two fingers, pointed your thumb down towards the floor and fingers up towards the ceiling, and randomly wiggled them super slow ..like worms or caterpillars. It came closer and was moving rather slowly for its size.  We were in the midst of total overcast and slight drizzle with lots of heat lightning at the time.  Later in the evening we had full out lightning, thunder, pouring rain. but about 4 hrs prior, as the atmosphere was stirring up, I watched this vessel come out of the clouds and then fade back in behind them lasting for a total view of approximately 5 minutes. I don't have the words to honestly describe this phenomenon.  I'm still awestruck a day later.;41.969001111111;-74.0671094444442
Slow moving, glowing white rectangle with rounded ends and blinking lights at one end.;2016-07-24 03:30:00;5 minutes;Slow moving, glowing white rectangle with rounded ends and blinking lights at one end. Last week, I woke up one night at 3:30 a.m. to turn off the fan I had running in my upstairs bedroom window.  The blinds were pulled up and I looked out to see the meadow and trees behind my townhouse.  To my surprise, up in the sky – several miles away was something I have never seen before.  It was a long rectangle with rounded ends.  It was white – glowing – large and quiet.  There were blinking lights on one end of it.  It moved very slowly through the night sky while keeping parallel to the earth but moving closer to the ground before going what seemed to be straight down.  Then it was obliterated by the trees and I could not see it any more. I know it was not a plane – it was too low in the sky and too large to not be heard.  Also, it did not move like one.  I was transfixed by it.  I always thought I would feel great excitement or fear if I ever saw one, but I didn’t.  It just mesmerized me.  After it disappeared I went to bed.  I have not seen it since. I am a college educated, open-minded and grounded person.  I understand this may not have been a UFO – but for the life of me, I cannot imagine what else it could have been. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));41.969001111111;-74.0671094444442
