A gray metal bell shaped object, half as tall as it was wide, no windows, no sound, hovered 25' in the air.;1973-09-28 00:00:00;10 minutes?;A gray metal bell shaped object, half as tall as it was wide, no windows, no sound, hovered 25' in the air. I heard on the radio one evening, that you wanted these, no matter how long ago they occurred. My reporting this incident to family and friends when it happened, was met with ridicule. Have been silent ever since.  Friday, Sept 28, 1973, came off the Ohio Turnpike exit at route 42 in Strongsville, Ohio. Noted looking south in traversing the long circular exit ramp, that there was an aircraft descending. Thought that very unusual. I was a trained US Customs Officer, familiar with all types of aircraft and helicopters....this one mystified me....and what was it doing in this place?...then a semi rural suburban area of Cleveland. As I got to the bottom of the ramp, saw though my driver's side window that the object was about 500 feet in the air, and had a circular bottom. Turned right onto route 42, Pearl Rd. The object passed overhead. It was then about 100 feet up. No sound emitted from it. I was behind it, moving about 35mph and it was still descending and moving not much faster than my car. Then at the intersection of Webster rd. and Pearl rd., it stopped and hovered over the intersection, in front of me. I came up to the crossroad and stopped for the red signal. The object was in front of me and hung in the air about 25 feet up. I estimated the diameter of its base at 30 feet and it was bell shaped, about 15 feet tall...the top of it like a dome. It's color was like gray gunmetal. It had no visible apertures or openings on it, nor any identification symbols. It rather scared me that this thing was stopped in front of me. My radio was crackling badly and unintelligible. Two cars had come up behind me and both had pulled to the side of the road. I pulled over too as I did not to go under it. I pulled over, got out of the passenger side of my car and looked up.... but THE OBJECT WAS GONE-VANISHED!!!! WAS Dumbfounded. The two cars that had been behind me were also gone. Thought I must have hallucinated. Felt nauseated and sick. Got back in my car and drove another 10 minutes or so home.  My family was put out with me that I had missed dinner and was an hour late. Was shocked at that. Went out to my car and looked at the clock which read 5 minutes after seven. My usual trip home from Akron, normally an hour's drive, had taken 2 hours. I could never explain where that hour went. There were subsequent events in my life that proved strange and not explicable, but my purpose here is just to report what I saw, and let it go at that. Would be grateful if could ever learn of anyone else who saw this thing on that day. ((NUFORC Note:  Report is submitted from same IP as several other reports, submitted in rapid sequence.  PD));41.3184774661515;-81.8327353965183
