Two star-like objects preceding and following one larger tumbling or spinning object, similar in size to airliner;2017-07-09 18:45:00;5 minutes;Two star-like objects preceding and following one larger tumbling or spinning object, similar in size to airliner We always sit on our back deck and watch the skies for aircraft but this night was different. It was not yet dusk, skies were clear with no cloud cover.  I saw what I thought was an airplane but something didn’t look right. It was either spinning or tumbling as it was moving.  As soon as I saw this I said to my wife, “This doesn’t look good-something is wrong,” thinking it was a plane in trouble and going to crash.  But the object kept on moving in the same trajectory, not losing altitude. That’s when it got weird because as I was watching, two star-like objects appeared around the larger object. While what I saw was in the distance-like an airliner at high cruising altitude- this larger object was as large if not larger in size than a jet plane.  The two smaller objects were like moving or shooting stars only they maintained a consistent altitude, never falling.  They did at times pull closer to the main larger object. The objects came from south of us and travelled north east until they reached a position pretty much in front of us.  It is a guess that the objects were approximately 50 degrees above the plane of the ground.  At that time they appeared to stop in midair, but in hindsight we think they may have changed direction heading east away from us until they disappeared from sight--smaller objects first, then the largest was last to fade away.  This all happened fast and they travelled at a speed similar to that of an airliner. We live within 15 miles of Bradley Airport and watch planes on approach all the time.  But this was different because these objects travelled away from the airport’s location.  What we found odd was that all during the time we watched, there were no other visible aircraft.  Once the objects disappeared, air traffic seemed to resume--at least eight other planes came into view within the next five minutes. I know what I saw and feel compelled to report, if not only for some explanation for what I witnessed.;41.8363;-72.5596
