Two white orbs of light flew into the sky, stopped for a few minutes, then flew away in a very quick hyper speed together.;1988-08-15 22:30:00;7 min;Two white orbs of light flew into the sky, stopped for a few minutes, then flew away in a very quick hyper speed together. I was on a lawn chair with my father on our patio, looking up at the stars. It was a clear night. I was about 12 and my father around 50 or so. My dad was pointing out some constellations when all of the sudden, what looked like a star was moving very fast through the sky.  It looked like a star and was very very very high up. It could have been misinterpreted as a meteor, but it stopped all of a sudden.  I ran inside to get the binoculars and when I got back out, I looked at the object again.  It just looked like a larger white orb of light, just slightly larger than a star.  Then another one showed up. My dad was saying, “see that! See that!!” Then one backed up a bit and the then the other one did as well. THEN, in unison, they both took off like in hyper speed.  They disappeared out of the sky altogether it seemed. Very odd. ((NUFORC NOTE:  Witness indicates that date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.0916;-74.3719
I don't care if people believe me I am just telling a true story that I'm freaking out over (all I watch are space shows);2010-07-10 01:52:00;30 seconds;I don't care if people believe me I am just telling a true story that I'm freaking out over (all I watch are space shows) Let me preface this by saying I don’t lie (except to get out of legal trouble) and I don’t want my name out there or any recognition. At approx. 1:50 a.m. I was in my back yard playing Frisbee with my dog. After I throw it, it takes a while for him to find it because it’s dark in my back yard. Why I wait I always look at the stars. I have been fascinated by space since I was young so I stare up a lot I was looking at what I thought were two stars pretty close to each other (I know their far). All of the sudden one started to move. I thought it was my imagination because it looked like it was doing tight circles. Then it darted about an inch over (At least that’s what it looked like from my vantage point ). Then it started doing bigger misshapen circles(as in not perfectly round). While it did these crazy maneuvers it moved very quickly, what looked to me as about a foot. I quickly ran about 25 feet inside to get my phone, which has a camcorder on it. I also wanted to text my sister because when I yelled for her she didn’t answer. By the time I got back out I couldn’t see it. I looked very hard at the ! sky and think I may have seen a much darker light doing the same impossible maneuvers. This I couldn’t swear that I was really seeing because it was faint enough to maybe be my eyes playing tricks, but the first light was as bright as any star in the sky on the clearest of nights. I was completely sober. I did drink two beers, but it was over the course of two baseball games. They were the ALDS and NLDS. I know technically that’s not completely sober, but I didn’t feel any affects of the alcohol. I am willing to submit to any test at any time. I don’t know if it was an alien UFO but I definitely saw what I have described here. Unless there was a test of an incredible new secret plane, This was too fast and maneuverable to be explained as any normal plane. I would love to have this investigated. I don’t know how it could other than observation that is recorded of the area it happened in. Like I said though I will take a test that this is exactly what I saw, and I’ll guarantee I pass No question. At anytime I am willing to take any test i.e. lie detector, vision, sanity. There was a lot of thin cloud coverage, but you could see through most and they were moving relatively quickly. I did notice that when they passed over stars and did block them for a second as they reappeared they looked like they were moving in the opposite direction of the clouds. However, This was easy to determine that they weren’t moving it was just an illusion. The actual stars were always in the same spot when I focused on them and this thing I saw was bright as a star and left no doubt that it was moving. It also disappeared.;41.0916;-74.3719
