Strange red lights in southern Anderson county over a period of three weeks observed by at least 6 people.;2011-11-02 01:00:00;varies;Strange red lights in southern Anderson county over a period of three weeks observed by at least 6 people. I am writing to report sightings of strange lights in the skies over a period of 3 weeks, beginning in early November. I first noticed a strange red light in the sky fairly low on the horizon at around midnight one evening and noticed that it was not stationary, but moved in circles, straight lines vertically and horizontally.  The object appears reddish in color predominately, but changes to blue periodically and back to red. I was curious, but did not act on this information until late Nov 18, or early morning Nov 19, when I finally reported it to the dispatcher at the county sheriff's office.  She told me she would send a deputy out to investigate, but I have not heard anything on it. On or about Nov 21, I told a neighbor of the incidents and she and I watched the object together for a half hour or more.  The next evening, my neighbor and I saw two of the objects, and later that evening (early morning Nov 22) I observed an object approximately 90 degrees to the west of the first object I observed. Now on Nov 23, at approximately 8pm central time, I observed the object once again and notified my neighbor to come and participate. What we discovered over a period of approximately 30 minutes of observation was at least eight objects of the same apparent design in different areas of the horizon. Some of the objects are faint and other are much brighter, but with them all a person can see what we deem a tail below the main object, and all the objects change color  occasionally to blue and back to red. Thus far, I have observed the objects in the North, at a medium altitude judging by eye, in the East, Southeast, West and North. There are at any one time as many as 8 objects in the sky at any given time. They are not planes, towers or balloons.  No balloon would be more or less stationary for three weeks running.  Much too high for towers and of course planes are not stationary either. At times the objects appear to make a loop or two in the sky and then become semi stationary again, only to do it again in a few minutes.  At other times the move a fair distance either vertically or horizontally and back to semi stationary. This is very curious and I would like to know what the objects are and who is responsible for them being in the night skies. I am not familiar with holograms, but as far as I know, this is not a rational explanation any more than a plane, tower or star. Any other reports of a similar nature?  Curious in Texas. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));31.6508;-95.5517
