While viewing 'double dotted line contrail we sighted metallic craft, followed later by more which sometimes appeared like spheres and;1999-10-17 15:05:00;30 minutes;While viewing 'double dotted line contrail we sighted metallic craft, followed later by more which sometimes appeared like spheres and which could wink out instantly. While viewing a strange contrail with a section that was a 'double dotted line' my wife and I saw what strange bright [like chrome] craft appear suddenly flying parallel to the contrail at the same height. I at first thought it was the same plane that made it doubling back along it's own contrail, but the shape of the craft was so radically different than anything I had ever seen, I was amazed. Then the strange craft made a high speed right angled turn followed almost instanly by another, and then disappeared completely in the clear blue sky right next to the contrail! 5 or 10 minutes later, a nieghbor boy [about 14 or 15] stopped by, and I excitedly started telling him about what my wife and I had just seen.  The lingering contrail was still there, as I pointed out to him where we had just seen the strange craft, and he looked and said I see them!  I replied Them? Whadda ya mean,*Them*?  He said Now there is like 3 or 4 of them.  I quickly stepped over to where he was and low and behold, I saw 4 metallic spheres, in the same area where I had seen the single angular craft just minutes earlier, even as we watched, the spheres covorted lower and closer to us, and then the young man said look, there are more over there!  Off to the right we spotted several more spheres, and within a minute or so the entire area to the east and south east of us was literally filled with the spheres. I was, with great difficulty able to count 12 but there could have been a few more, as they were each moving independantly this way and that. During this time, a small conventional aircraft came into site and we were able to compare the airplane's look and sound with the spheres which were heigher and completely silent.  A little later a sea gull flow under the strange spheres and we could compare the gull with the spheres.  I estimate the spheres came as low as about 1,000 feet, and perhaps 500 to 600 feet from being directly overhead.  Some were heigher and some where lower and when one would wink out it was as if someone flipped off a switch.  They would disappear instantly and reappear [or not] in a different location. About two years earlier I had seen in broad daylight a single metallic like sphere in this same location, and this one appeared to be about 100 feet off the ground at about 150 yards and appeared at this distance to be about the size of a volkswagen bug.  When this sphere 'departed' it too, just 'winked out'.   It both these sightings there were indications, that the occupants or 'controllers' of these stuctures or craft, were able to read our thoughts and/or hear our conversations and that they acted/reacted accordingly!  Also this most recent sighting corrosponded almost exactly to a dream I had several years ago!  In the 'dream' though I was the only witness and the craft were *landing*....yikes!;47.3537;-122.1294
