Disk-shaped saucer seen over Covinton, WA, 1978;1978-05-15 00:00:00;2 minutes;Disk-shaped saucer seen over Covinton, WA, 1978 I have decided to record my sighting, the date is approximate I was very young at the time and did not even realize what I had seen until years later.  My father worked for Boeings, so I was very familiar with aircrafts. We were living in a rural community called Covington in Washington State.  My younger brother and me routinely snuck out and ran the cow pastures at night.  It was something to do.  He had a friend named ((male name deleted)) who would normally join us on these adventures.   One night in May or June of 1978, we snuck out.  We went to ((name of friend deleted)) house to get him.  I would hang in a grove of fir trees and wait for my brother to get his friend. Anyway, this night I was waiting for them to return.  I had been waiting about 5 mins or so when I caught a glimpse of a red light.  I was scared I had been caught.  I looked up and directly above me about 15 feet above the fir trees was a Craft.   I remember looking at it and thinking it looked like a horseshoe crab.  It was about 100 feet in diameter with red lights ribbing the concaved bottom.  I stared at it for maybe a minute and then ran for my brother.   I have always regretted not looking more closely and I find it hard to believe what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.3537;-122.1294
Flying Saucer seen in Covington / Kent, Washington 1978;1978-08-15 17:00:00;10 minutes;Flying Saucer seen in Covington / Kent, Washington 1978 I was sitting on the front lawn with my brother, we were teenagers. I saw a light in the Southern sky that looked like Venus to me and, as a joke, I told my brother Hey, look! There's a flying saucer! and I looked at him, waiting for him to call me a dork or something so I could tell him I made you look! But he didn't look back and his jaw dropped and I thought he was putting ME on so I looked and it looked like there was a black spot in the sky, about the size of a quarter at an arm's length.  It became quickly obvious that the object wasn't flying _over_ us but rather was coming _toward_ us, so we stood up. In a matter of 30 seconds from my first sighting the object (and maybe a minute or two from when I first pointed it out) the object was directly overhead. We instinctively got out from under it as it descended, walking about 50 feet so we could take in the entire sight of it. I thought it might just land on the lawn and squish the house, and us with it! I'd guess it was about 100-125 ft wide - it was wider than the house - and roughly six or eight feet thick. It hovered just a few feet over our parent's single story home, around 25 feet off the ground.  It had a small steady red light at the N by NE side of the ship and was aspirin-shaped, cobalt blue in color - like gun metal. It had what looked like an observation deck on top of it with what appeared to be smoked-glass panes, set at 15 degree angles, just slightly tilted. I tried to see inside but I couldn't. Well, we stood there for a few minutes and I turned to my brother and asked him Is that a flying saucer? and he said what else could it be? and we both laughed. Then a white light started flashing on us. That happened for roughly 20-30 seconds. I looked for a bulb after it stopped but I couldn't see one. I looked at the underside of the disc and didn't see any markings or rivets, welds, etc. My Father was a welder.  After a few minutes, the saucer started to hum like an electric motor and when the hum reached its peak or became in phase or whatever the whole disc sort of clicked visably - it moved just an inch or so and then started flying over the cow pasture next door. It was moving at a pace where anyone could walk along with it, 3-5 mph. After it flew over a few of the neighbor's houses it took off like a bat out of hell! It turned into a blur at a straight line toward the sea, to the West. After a couple seconds, it looked like someone drew a line of light from where it was on the horizon to the stars, roughly at a 45 degree angle and the end of the line eventually caught up with the point of origin and then it looked like a star for a second, and then the light went out.  It was silent except for the humming before it took off and it didn't glow or anything. I wonder if anyone else in the area saw this. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));47.3537;-122.1294
1978 Covington, WA Disc-shaped Object;1978-09-15 18:00:00;10 mins;1978 Covington, WA Disc-shaped Object Disc was cobalt blue in color, roughly 100 ft wide and 6 feet thick. It was first seen in Souther sky as a light with same luminescence as Venus. It approached and to the North and began descending at a 45 degree angle when it was approximately a mile away. We stood up when the disc was roughly 300 years away. The disc hovered over our home, directly over head, and we got out from under it in order to see it. After a minute of looking at it a white strobe light flashed at us for 5-10 seconds and then stopped. Before it took off, the ship hummed like a bench grinder, the oscillations building to an apex and when the oscillations 'fell into phase' the entire ship visably 'clicked' into gear, moving less than an inch, and then headed West at a slow speed (5 mph) for a few seconds and then flew straight across the sky so fast it was a blur until it was so small on the horizon I couldn't see it. Then, the object seemed to 'draw a line of light' from its point on the horizon to the stars, at a 45 degree angle the line of light caught up with the point of origin and it looked like a star in the Western sky, and then the light went out. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));47.3537;-122.1294
