Round bright glowing object,blue and red top and bottom,bright white glow center. Hovering,moved when I took picture,returned,left area;1999-02-28 23:45:00;17 minutes;Round bright glowing object,blue and red top and bottom,bright white glow center. Hovering,moved when I took picture,returned,left area when approached by aircraft. I was on my way to bed at 11:45pm,when I noticed a bright glowing light in the sky. It was about 20 degrees above the horizon SW of my position. The sky was about half overcast in light cloud formations. I was the first one to see it,so I got the binoculars to take a closer look. It was a bright glowing blue,red and white object,looked like it was spinning.I then called my daughter and wife to take a look to see what they thought. It was obvious that it was not an aircraft,because both fixed wing jet,and helecopter flew over and the object remained for awhile longer,untill the helicopter approached too close,then the object drifted off in a westerly direction.The object looked to be kind of round.I went outside to get a picture,which I did!at this point the object drifted off in the distance,but still in sight. When I went back in the house the object returned,thats when the helicopter approached too close and the object left.;47.3537;-122.1294
Object hovering in the sky. Then starts to hover in a bumble bee like patterns.;2011-11-13 23:30:00;20 min;Object hovering in the sky.  Then starts to hover in a bumble bee like patterns. I was out with my girlfriend on our back porch, and behind the tree, the sky got bright.  I knew it wasn't the moon because it was covered by a cloud and i could make out its position very well.   I stood up and walked over only to see this bright shiny sphere like u.f.o.  It was small, so it was a pretty good distance up.  I observed it for a couple seconds then I watched it move to the right in a horizontal direction.   I immidiatly called my girlfriend over and showed her the object.  She too said woh thats weird.  The object then proceeded to hover around the spot with very abnormal patterns.   2 minutes later a plane was flying by and it really gave me a good perception on how dim our aircraft lights were and how bright this one was.   It was without a doubt an unexplained anomoay.   I hope that a mass sighting occurs so that humans and outer space life will one day maybe live in alliance. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is flawed.  We have corrected it above.  Possible hoax??  PD));47.3537;-122.1294
6 objects low in sky heading north.;2016-01-01 00:00:00;15 minutes;6 objects low in sky heading north. On New Year’s Eve, my fiancé and I were out in our back yard watching the fireworks right at midnight. We had been outside for about 15 min, at this time it is 12:15.  We both notice this very odd stationary orange spherical light above the trees and out always but low in the sky.   At first I thought it was some firework going off but it held stationary for about 10 seconds before what happened next I cannot explain.   The object broke apart into six different spherical shapes they remained stationary for a few seconds before one at a time they started to fly to the north.  After about 15 seconds they were all flying to the north.   I managed to get some of this on video.  After about 45 seconds all the objects were out of our vision.   At this point my fiancé goes inside.  I remain outside for approximately 5 minutes watching the area where the objects came from, when one single orange spherical object appears from behind the trees following the same path the others had went just before.   There also was a small low flying plane in the sky right next to where this object was flying.  Whoever was in that plane had to get a good view of whatever that object was.   But it also gave me perspective and without a doubt these things were NOT planes.   No blinking lights and moved in a way that planes of today cannot move.;47.3537;-122.1294
