A huge, sharp 'V' formation of apprximately 25 to 30 round white disks flies slowly over a suburban area;1988-10-20 21:30:00;15-20 minutes;A huge, sharp 'V' formation of apprximately 25 to 30 round white disks flies slowly over a suburban area As I was walking out to my car at an apartment complex parking lot, my attention was drawn to a clear night sky full of stars. Standing by my car I looked directly above me as something caught my eye. A gigantic something was moving very slowly ( a person on a bicycle could have kept pace with it, or the traffic on nearby I-90 was moving at three times the speed)), heading due west toward the city of Spokane (my location was east of the city by approximately 10 miles in what is known as the Spokane valley). This is the best way to describe the object: take a very sharp, narrow  V ', lay it on its side so the apex points westward...and making up the 'V' formation were about 25 to 30 perfectly round, whitish disks. The disks were not bright but appeared as any white object would, in the sky at night, reflecting the glow of Interstate 90 and a busy shopping area. It is difficult for me to judge distance according to feet, but if you held your arms above your head and spread them a yard (36)apart, that was the length of the 'V'. As I observed the object at a distance of about 1/4 of a mile away, about 15 minutes later (described below)it appeared to be as high up as a 30 to 50 story building. There was absolutely never any noise, the object was moving much slower than, say, cars on nearby I-90, there were no lights observed at anytime. The craft was paralelling I-90 with apparently no need to let other flying objects (airplanes---there is a small airport nearby, not the Spokane International Airport) know it was there (flashing lights ect)?? I was, to say the least, dumb-struck, but remained still as I watched it slowly moving westward. At one point a man and his son walked to their vehicle across the parking lot, never looking up or noticing anything because there was no noise. I wish to this day I had spoken up and asked the man to look up. How can something that large move so slowly and not make any noise?? Anyway, the really strange aspect of the object was its BEHAVIOR. Several of the disks appear! ed to be slightly 'fluttering', as leaves on a Tamarac tree would flutter in a breeze. The other disks did not. As I continued watching, the 'fluttering' of some os the disks suddenly stopped and the top string of disks began to lengthen as the bottom string began to get shorter. I stared at the apex of the 'V' formation to see if I could observe each disk from the bottom string round the corner of the apex, so to speak, and that was what was so weird. Each disk from the bottom just grew less in number as the top string grew longer in number, but I couldn't actually see the disks moving to and around the apex. The top string of disks was just growing in length but at no time did any disks appear to disappear, nor did they appear to flash on or off. I hope this isn't confusing. I find it difficult to explain this. I remained standing by my car for several more minutes and before I left I was able to see the actual object, I'd say, a good 1/4 of a mile away towards the west, as it was headed toward the city of Spokane. I was able to see the shape of the object because the city lights/sky glow from Spokane, further west and ahead of the object, provided contrast. What I saw shocked me. If you take two large plates and set one on top of the other so the rims meet, that's what I observed, but it was at least three times larger than the 'V' formation (which was apparently attached under it?)The entire mass was solid black. One more thing, which I think is worth noting I finally got in my car and returned some rental movies to a business about a mile away and went about my evening. I felt stunned and said nothing to anyone. Three days later I suddenly felt scared over MY behavior, as I could not understand why I didn't at least follow the object(which would have been so like me to do). I had never witnessed anything like this and why had I been so cavalier about the whole thing.... It was as if I suddenly 'woke up' to the realization of what I had witnessed and my very unusual subdued reaction.  ( I can easily draw ! what I o bserved and can snail-mail as I am a computer nerd and don't know how to send images by e-mail);47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
Watched what looked like a shooting star, kept getting bigger and faster.  Dropped for about 10 sec, then came to a complete stop.  Hov;1999-09-11 20:25:00;15 seconds;Watched what looked like a shooting star, kept getting bigger and faster.  Dropped for about 10 sec, then came to a complete stop.  Hovered for about 4-5 sec then shot almost straight up in the oposite direction and disappeared. Saturday night Sept. 11th, 8:25 pm  Clear night, no clouds, new moon Looking towards the south from my apartment balcony I saw what I thought was a shooting star.  After about 5 seconds I thought it must be a meteor.  The object started out about 1/10 the size of a full moon.  (Brilliant white in color)  As it was coming down it kept getting bigger, brighter and faster.  About 10 seconds into the sighting, a tail came out the back of it.  Blueish in color and very long. The tail was about two fists long.  (Holding my fist up to the horizon as a measurement)  It came to a complete stop just above the tips of the trees in the horizon.  It hovered there for approx. 5 seconds, then shot almost straight up very fast and was gone.  There is no way this was a shooting star, meteorite, or re-entering space junk.  This thing stopped and changed direction.;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
Noticed a pulsating star which looked liked Sirius, only it was to the far North.;2006-06-07 10:37:00;2 hours;Noticed a pulsating star which looked liked Sirius, only it was to the far North.  Next thought, its an airplane, but it wasn't moving.  I grabbed the binoculars and observed that it pulsated white, red & blueish green.  I called my daughter to take a look and she noticed that it was moving very slowly in kind of a shuffle.  A little the left/West and then a little further to the right/East.  I called a neighbor over and he stated that no way was this a star or an airplane.  I watched for several hours as it repeated the pulsating and a graduale motion to the East...the opposite direction than the stars.  At one time an airplane flew between me and the object, with no reaction from either.  As I called it a night the white color to change to amber--could have been dust in the atmosphere--whom knows.  That was it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
Slow object observed and video taped for approx. 10 minutes during daylight hours moving across the sky.;2006-09-08 19:15:00;10 minutes;Slow object observed and video taped for approx. 10 minutes during daylight hours moving across the sky. About one hour to sundown myself and several friends and neighbors observed an object tree line, moving slowly from the south, object moved just east of our house, where it was close enough to tell it had no noise no wings, it moved very slowly, was black in color, and the shape appeard at first to be triangular form a distance, once it was by our house it appeared more flat and round, with a dull light from time to time circling it, it also had a white light that would come on underneath it, a red light would come on at various times sometimes staying on then blinking five to six times before stopping. the object continued to move towards the north at a somewhat slow pace, it never turned, but it did appear to slow down then gain altitude as it moved away. Myself and approx. ten others witnessed it, my sons friend video taped the object.;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
After 10 minutes there was no sign of the object in any direction from where we first observed it.;2008-10-31 18:00:00;5-6 minutes;My son and I were in our vehicle at the intersection of East Wellesley and North Crestline at about 6 PM on 10/31/08 in Spokane WA and we saw a strange object way up high in the early dusk sky due north and slightly west of us for about 5-6 minutes before it vanished behind some clouds.  Its behavior was strange because it did not move like a helicopter or plane and there were no lights of any color.  The object stood out like a blimp but it was not shaped or colored like one.  It was too high up for a kite and if it was a kite at that height it was too large in size.  The object was very dark black and it moved in a somewhat hovering manner almost like a large bird but at that height and distance from us it was too large in size for a bird.  The object shape was somewhat like a boomerang, normally after seeing such an object I would be writing it off as something natural but then after 10 minutes there was no sign of the object in any direction from where we first observed it. I thought that maybe if anyone else made a report to you that my information might help, I am sorry but I had no observing or recording equipment with me at the time.;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
