Sighting of a large metal flying object.  The object was metal, flat-bottomed, with a sloped dome in the center.  An Air Force jet was ;1971-06-10 15:50:00;5 minutes;Summary : Sighting of a large metal flying object.  The object was metal, flat-bottomed, with a sloped dome in the center.  An Air Force jet was in pursuit.  The metal object was at a low altitude, as if it were about to land. In 1971, when I lived in Spokane, WA, I saw a UFO.  I was finished with my shift as a Registered Nurse at Deaconess Hospital, enroute to meet my fiance.  We planned to see a movie at the Garland Theater on the north end of the city.  It was midweek, a Wednesday or Thursday, and the date may have been 6/10/71.As I drove north up the Monroe Street hill at approximately 3:50 PM (my shift ended at 3:30 PM), I had to put down the sun visor because a bright light was hitting me in the eyes.  When I reached the top of the hill, I stopped for a traffic light.  It was then that I noticed that the bright light was reflecting off a metal flying object that I can only describe as a flying saucer.  The surface of the object was metal, the color of aluminum or stainless steel.  The object was round, flat on the bottom, and with a sloped dome in the center.  This flying saucer was not high in the sky, but at a low altitude, as if it were about to land.  An Air Force jet of similar size was in pursuit of the UFO at the same altitude and close behind.I thought the jet might be based at nearby Fairchild Air Force Base.When the traffic light turned green, I proceeded on my way and lost sight of the UFO.  I have no explanation as to what it was, only that I have never seen anything like it before or since.;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
Disc shaped object, approximatly 100 ft in air. large light and a strob in center. around 20-30 ft deep.;1975-06-20 11:30:00;10 Min.;Disc shaped object, approximatly 100 ft in air. large light and a strob in center. around 20-30 ft deep. On or around 1975 mid summer while driving home from work about 11.30pm on Hwy 395 north of Spokane WA. from about 14 miles I saw directly ahead of me about 2 miles a bright light.  It looked like a football stadium at night from a distance.  Only in the air. I continued on,looking at the lights all the way.  As I got closer the lights were larger and very close to the ground. I had one more hill to go up before I reached my turn, Just about 1/2 milefrome the town of Deer Park. I climbed the hill watching the lights all the way.  As I reached the crest of the hill I was directly in front of the object.  It covered the highway on one side, the center  of the object was off the road to the left directly over a small farm house the barn and sourounding property.  As I look back I would say it was roughly 3-4 hundred yards round 30-40 ft high. with large lights all the way around and a large strob like light in the center (no colored lights) which was in the center on the bottom.  The object was only obout 100ft off the ground.  I do not recall any noise. As I drove directly under the object I had to make my turn (right). So I drove under and looked up, I do not recall seeing anthing other than lights and the strob.  I made my turn and stoped.  I got straight out to get a better look and it was just gone.  The only thing in the clear sky was stars...  Not a sign of what I had been watching nothing what so ever... I had no missing time, or any reason to think anything wierd had occurd..  Just a lasting memory.;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
A friend and I were driving and saw something odd in the sky coming towards us. We pulled over along with some other people to watch.;1978-07-14 22:30:00;15-20 mins;A friend and I were driving and saw something odd in the sky coming towards us. We pulled over along with some other people to watch. A friend and I had left work in the valley to run up to the northside to pick something up and bring it back to our work. It was getting close to closing time so it was probably around 10:30pm when we were headed south on the old Argonne highway. I was driving and I happened to look out my window. I spotted what looked like headlights  shining thru the trees on top of a mountain. I said to my friend, look at that car on the mountain. I then realized that it couldn't be a car because if a car was up there we wouldn't have been able to see it's headlights.Then we quickly noticed that it was moving in the sky heading our way. We saw a couple of cars pulled off the road ahead and people were standing outside watching so we pulled over too. We were shivering by then, excited and scared at the same time cause we couldn't figure out what it was. The only thing I really remember is the lights. It had a center light big and round and two smaller lights one on each side of the middle light. They were bright white lights. It came right towards us moving very very slow and I heard a very very faint hum. It seemed so close, like if I craweled to the top of a tree I could have reached out and touched the bottom. I don't really remember seeing the actual craft, but in my mind I know it was like a round disk not flat but maybe with a slighly rounded belly to it, but the lights were so bright you couldn't see it anyway. It passed over us and continued on and we all stood there dumbfounded our hearts racing until we couldn't see it over the treetops anymore. All of us that were standing there just looked at each other and said wow, what was that. My friend and I got into the car and headed back to work, we had the creeps the rest of the night. I had no knowledge of any aircraft that could fly so low, quiet and slow. Before this incident I saw the same type craft when I slept over at a different friends house one summer. It must have been the summer of 77, I was fifteen at the time. We were in our sleeping bags in the backyard. It was late maybe 11:00 pm. We were laying there talking and staring at the stars. There were alot of trees in her neighborhood and in her yard. Anyway we were just laying there looking up at the beautiful stars and then we saw this craft pass over us so slow, virtually no sound and the same lights as I described before. We were so scared, we waited for it to pass over before we lept up and raced into the house screaming and freaking out. We jumped into her bed and pulled the covers over our heads. This one was also flying very low, seemed like treetop level. Too close for comfort! Of course we told everyone but no one believed us. I am now 36 years old and have not seen anything like this since, although I would like to. My grandmother lives in Newman Lake , Wa and she has watched crafts play what she calls war games over her house. I wish I could have been there to see that! Don't know how often it has happened but I know she's observed them several times. I think she said these were colorful lights and they would zoom through the sky doing quick turns and racing back in the opposite direction. This wasn't just a brief display, these war games lasted maybe 45 minutes or so.;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
While I cannot remember the exact date I remember the event very clearly considering it was over 25 years ago and I was only 9-years-ol;1978-08-10 22:20:00;1 or 2 minutes;While I cannot remember the exact date I remember the event very clearly considering it was over 25 years ago and I was only 9-years-old. It was on a clear hot august evening and I'm almost sure it was a Wednesday night. I was watching TV and my mom was sitting on the front porch trying to cool off. Before my mom even said anything I could see a bright light coming over spring hill. At first I thought it was a very low airplane since we live right in the flight path of Spokane Int. Airport and Fairchild AFB., and planes flew over all day and night. Then my mom yelled at us to come see this UFO. My brother and I and my cousin from Montana all went out to see this and it was round, rotating counter clockwise and didn't make any noise. It didn't seem very high up, maybe 150 feet.It was about 50 feet in wide by about 12 feet deep. There were square lights all the way around it, maybe 2 feet by 2 feet. The strangest thing was it was totaly silent. As it rotated there was a dark spot where it seemed like a light was out. A neihbor who saw it with binoculars said the lights were windows and he could see white walls inside. It was going from the N/E towards the S/W. But not very fast. A week later and every week therafter for several weeks an advertising airplane was seen over Spokane in crowded places like the Spokane interstate fair and Playfair race track and looked just like the disc shaped craft from a distance but you could hear it from several miles away, an obvious cover up. Everyone in Spokane who heard the stories of people in North Spokane who saw the original silent flying disc were effectivly convinced we saw the advertising airplane. I have lived in Spokane all my life and have seen two other UFO sightings in the 1990's which I will try and provide information on at a later date. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
saucer overhead,hover 150 feet,no noise,within 100 yds,amber lights around edge one on top, viewed with 7-21 pwr binoculars,started rot;1987-09-16 21:21:00;3-4 min;saucer overhead,hover 150 feet,no noise,within 100 yds,amber lights around edge one on top, viewed with 7-21 pwr binoculars,started rotation counter clockwise,canted 2-3 degrees,left at leisure. Approximately 60 feet across. About 12 feet or better from lower lights to the single upper light. Single light appeared to be about 3 to 4 times as large as the lower lights. The upper light was a white light where as the lower lights had a slight yellow or amber tint, not dark, however. The lower lights traveled from left to right. They cycled in a line or revolved and seemed to go faster as the craft increased in speed. When I observed it as it moved away it took about 8 - 10 seconds for the lights to make a revolution. It came from north to south traveling about 40 mph. It went south towards the south hill area towards the radio towers. Then I observed it going west when it became lost from view. I first observed it with the naked eye then with 7-21x35 power binoculars. I first saw it as it came into my line of sight above my head. It was about 100 yards away. This distance was easy to verify as I had an office building and telephone poles of known size to compare the craft to. The cycling lights were most impressive, giving me the errie feeling in that I have never seen anything like it before, this close, having seen unexplainable lights while living in Alaska many years ago. The next thing that was more impressive was how slow it was moving and still being able to remain airborne. But most impressiive was the total lack of noise usually associated with aircraft. Prior to the momennt I first noticed the aircraft, I was watching a fire truck on Freya St. They had about a dozen lights flashing. Red and white strobes. They were quite bright. There were no sirens or anything like that. They were just checking fire plugs. While watcing the truck the aforementioned craft appeared in my line of sight above me. It appeared to slow some as it to abserve the firetruck and its lights. At this time I noticed that the cycling of the lights was almost negligable, but seemed to increase as it moved away. Below is pattern of the lights along the edge of the saucer, o's represent the lights. o oooooooooooo ooooo oooo ooo o ----------rotation--------->;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
I was able to clearly see three seperate disk shaped vehicles, with brassy looking metalic bodies that had three round nubs at the extr;1994-09-15 22:00:00;2 min.;I was able to clearly see three seperate disk shaped vehicles, with brassy looking metalic bodies that had three round nubs at the extrimity of each disk with a much larger nub in the middle of the objects. I am a Reverand, was an EMT, Combat Medic, CNA, and am currently working at an Assisted Living Facility, there is quite a bit more but.. let's get to it. I have had quite a few sightings well over 50, and of more than 5 types of craft. I saw my first while living in a heavily populated rural area, I lived in an apt. and spent a lot of time watching the skies at night (I smoked ciggs and have kids, ergo me go outside). Have you ever been fooled by your mind or senses? Like your in the dark and bump up against a rope but your mind and senses tell you it's a snake? Well that is basically what happened my first time. I was just about to go in, taking the last drag of my smoke I look up into the night sky, only to see six lights. Two were up front and the other four were behind these and to the side. My mind automatically jumps to the conclusion that it is a low flying passenger airliner, only that it is unusually low keeps my attention for the moment... it is moving very slow... and then I notice it has no tail... there is no noise... those aren't wings.. they're round...   This is when my earlier conclusion is blown away and I am able to clearly see three seperate disk shaped vehicles, they had a brassy looking metalic body with three round nubs at the extrimity of each disk with a much larger nub in the middle of the objects. I took this all in as I yelled for someone to come see this, then noticed I was the only person about, not even traffic was going by (I felt what I suppose some of the natives of SouthAmerica felt when first seeing planes, awe, happy, oh yeah and shock). They then performed (the only word that fits) a manuevor where the two in back cross over and under the first and take the lead making an X. At the same time they had started rotating so it made a wild effect while performing the move. They traveled on slowly for another moment and then accelerated at a mind blowing speed away, they glowed orange to yellow as they did this, which left a blurred lazy S in the sky, just for a moment but it was pretty kwel. Since then I have had very few close encounters with as much impact as that first, yet I have had one or two that are as interesting and that have left their impression, like seeing 3 triangular crafts that were very large with other objects flying about them (seen with wife and friend). Currently I am back to seeing at least one every two weeks or so, it falls off sometimes and other times it seems amazing that it isn't talked about all over the city.;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
Driving on interstate 90 going east towards Post Falls, Idaho a huge disc shaped object of many changing colors seen over Stateline,  I;1995-07-15 19:00:00;30 minutes;Driving on interstate 90 going east towards Post Falls, Idaho a huge disc shaped object of many changing colors seen over Stateline,  Idaho area.  Pulled off freeway for a while to look at huge object at fixed location in sky. Wasn't moving as a plane would be, and didn't appear to be very high up in sky.  I finally drove on after looking at this object for what seemed like a very long time.  Looked like colors were changing, or the object was rotating in fixed position.  I would guess object was only 1000 feet high over area it was hovering.  There had to be other people who saw this,  as it was hovering over a residential  area,  I believe.  Very striking sighting and has puzzled me ever since- my only sighting as far as I know.;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
saucer craft emitted blueish light beams into the night sky pointing to stars;2003-02-01 22:58:00;45 mins;saucer craft emitted blueish light beams into the night sky pointing to stars Driving home from a late on call transport of a client we noticed in the northwestern sky a series of blue beams of lights. At first we thought they were maybe northern lights but they didn't move or change colors like northern lights do. So being curious we drove towards the lights in the foothills of Mt. Spokane. We took Biglow Gulch Rd. and drove a bit to get to a area to pull over in the flats that are farming lands to get a clear view. We pulled down a dirt service road next to the power lines and watched the beams lights in back of the foothills of the mountain. There was 5 beams pointing to the night skys and they seems to be pointing to different stars some beams were straight up and down and others where angled. The light beams changed intensity fading from bright to dim and did this slowly. We got back into the van to leave to drive closer to the lights when we both noticed a huge outline of a saucer shape hovering over one of the foothills. The angles on the shape where too sharp on every side to be a cloud and it would have been too low to be a cloud. The saucer shape that was hovering over the foothill was wider then the foothill. This thing was huge. And were miles from the foothill at that moment.  We turned the van around and got on the main road again to head towards the foothills. Then we took a another dirt road next to a church and drove down it a bit and passed a small white toyoto truck with a canopy on the bed of the truck with it's running lights on. We didn't think to much about it because it being the weekend and teenagers out parking. So we pulled up about a block in front of them and got out of the van to watch the lights more and to see the craft. But the craft was no longer visable just the strange light were still moving around the foothills of the mountain. Then I got a strange feeling and told me husband we better get out of there. We turned around and were heading to get back in the van when I noticed that the small pickup's parking lights were off now. So we turned th! e van ar ound and headed for the pickup and our headlight hit their licence plate and it said U.S. Government on the plate. Needless to say we got the heck out of their as fast we could and back on the main road again. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see other report from the Spokane, WA, area for the same date.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We just spoke with this witness, and we found her to be eloquent and credible.  When we explored whether the lights might have been part of an advertising display, she said she was quite familiar with such lights, and what she saw was not consistent with such a display.  She and the other witness will forward images of the event, and a second report.  PD));47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
Black disk seen near Airway heights, near Spokane Washington, while doing time-exposures of N. Lights.;2003-02-01 23:15:00;20 Minutes;Black disk seen near Airway heights, near Spokane Washington, while doing time-exposures of N. Lights. This was an exceptionally clear night, and I was out doing time-exposure photography of star trails and the northern lights, which were unusually visible due to the clarity of the sky.  As I was looking through the viewfinder of my Canon EOS-3, I noticed something strange in the upper right corner of the view finder...I removed my eye from the viewfinder and tried to get a better view as to what I was seeing.  It was a VERY large (2-3 times the size of a 747) disk, that was black, or at least looked black due to the absence of light.  It was honest-to-God saucer shaped.  I would have NEVER believed it was anything out of the ordinary..until I saw it move eastward in the sky.  There was absolutely no noise at all...not even crickets.  It was moving very slowly...in my very rough estimation, maybe 20 knots at the most.  It stopped periodically and hovered in its location before continuing on the way.  I attempted to take pictures, but it remains to be seen if anything will appear on film, due to the fact that I was shaking very much, and there was little light.  Exposure times were in the 20-30 second range that I had set to record the northern lights.  This is not any sort of a joke that I am playing.  To be honest, I am still shaking here at home, as I write this. ((FOLLOW-UP #1 FROM WITNESS)) For confirmation....it is Saturday evening that I made the sighting.  Sorry for the confusion! ((END)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have amended the date above, pursuant to the correction.  Please see other report from Spokane area for same date and time.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP #2 FROM WITNESS)) Peter, The photo is being processed by ((deleted)) in ((deleted)).  I am an advanced amateur photographer and send all of my film to a professional lab to have it processed.  The return time takes about a week, so at the earliest, I'll have it on Saturday, but most likely next monday or Tuesday.   Photographs are automatically protected by copyright without any special action.  Since I hold the physical original of the film, I am the copyright holder by default.   Airway Heights is Northwest of Spokane, on Highway 2.  I was looking to the Northeast direction, probably ENE at the most.  It appeared to travel in a Easterly direction, pausing occasionally.    I contend that it is by far, the creepiest and most frightening thing I've ever viewed. ((END #2)) ((FOLLOW-UP #3 FROM WITNESS)) Mt. Spokane is probably straight ahead or very close to it of where I was looking..However, the object could not have been right over Mt. Spokane at the time that I viewed it, because I was able to see a star or two below it.  Now that I think about it, it was heading towards the Mt. Spokane direction  relative to where I was viewing it...I never thought about that at the time.… ((END #3)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have received another report, a third,  from the same location for approximately the same date and time period.  We probably will investigate.  PD));47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
A big silver flying disc with car like sounds and red and blue lights.;2005-07-28 22:00:00;approx. 7 seconds;A big silver flying disc with car like sounds and red and blue lights. I was sitting at my computer which is underneath a window. I heard what I thought was a car pulling into my driveway, so I looked up. In the sky was a silver disc with red and blue lights and it was moving across the sky at a high speed. By the time I realized what I had seen it had left my line of vision. I live in a wooded area and it was dark at the time so the object disappeared into the night.;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
two obects ,huge ,very high,moving  west to east slowly stopped briefly appeared to intercept a smaller object then moved vertically ou;2006-05-07 09:30:00;5min;two obects ,huge ,very high,moving  west to east slowly stopped briefly appeared to intercept a smaller object then moved vertically ou on or around said date i was running a mixer on a hi-rise project with a little time on my hands i looked across to the building across the street to see about how hi this buiding was going to ,then i noticed some movement behind said building. it was two roundish objects silvery white very high moving what appeared to be the speed of a small air craft moving west to east i tried to dismiss this peculiar sight when they stopped &remained motionless for aprox. .30 seconds while motonless something shot into view moving really.really fast went toward lead object ,,that object got brighter fora split second then both objects started moveing again,  i looked down at my task at hand briefly looked back up at objects only to watch them disapear verticle;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
Strange lights in the southeast of Washington moving at high speed.;2007-02-07 19:00:00;about 5 minutes;Strange lights in the southeast of Washington moving at high speed. I live in Spokane Valley, WA and I had just gone out to the street to move my car in the driveway for the night when I noticed a light moving quickly across the southeastern sky, from right to left. The light was unusual, multicolored, and seemed to be flashing in a rotating motion. My immediate thought was a meteor (I've seen meteors before) when all of a sudden it made an abrupt change of direction from left to right. That's when I noticed the second object, which seemed to be wavering in one position, the light pattern was the same on this object. The first object came within close proximity of the second object and stopped, then the first object started to move at a rapid speed straight up, then stop and move down towards the horizon very rapidly, almost like a figure 4, again it raised up, at an angle, and stopped. The other object did not move. At this time I noticed a prop driven aircraft approaching from the north, I could hear the sound of the engine in the distance and recognized the red flashing safety lights (Felts Field Aviation is just 2 miles from where I live and this sighting took place so I see aircraft on a regular basis.) As the aircraft got closer to the objects the first object that had been moving across the sky suddenly dropped to the horizon and I lost sight of it, I have to say I lost track of the second object since all of my attention was affixed on the first one that was doing all the strange maneuvers. I quickly ran in the house to call my girlfriend and brother to come and look, my girlfriend came out and witnessed the last of the event. She saw the erratic movement up and down, across left to right, she saw the lights move and actually go out then back on, then witnessed the object drop all the way to the horizon. The aircraft seemed to pass directly through the objects location and continued on, by then both objects had vanished.;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
Bright, pulsating lights on round object in Northern sky in Spokane on 6/28/08;2008-06-28 22:30:00;6 hours;Bright, pulsating lights on round object in Northern sky in Spokane on 6/28/08 Sighting from south hill.  Approximately northerly location. Craft was round, with lights (appearing red, white, green bluish) which were located around exterior of object.  Use of a telescope made the light changes easily visible, although they were also visible with the naked eye.  The object was observed from approximately 10:30 to after 3:00 am and was still visible when fatigue won out over observation.  An hour or two before we quite observing, a second smaller object with the same lighting appeared in the sky below and to the left of the larger object.  It generated the same lights on a smaller scale.  We thought we saw other similar objects in the area but could not be absoulete.  Three of the observers have graduate degrees (Phd Science, engineer, attorney).  The fourth observer was the adult child of one of the observers.;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
Hovering, undentified, flying object that changed colors and traveled through the sky;2014-02-05 02:00:00;44 minutes;Hovering, undentified, flying object that changed colors and traveled through the sky The location that we live at in Spokane is app. 500 feet higher than the rest of Spokane, WA.  On 2/5/14 I was awoken to a loud sound that sounded like after burners of a rocket.  The noise was coming from right above our house and it shook our room.  My father was an airplane pilot and we have airplane's and helicopter's that go over our house frequently.  So, I am very familiar with the noises that they make when they travel over the air space above our home.   I knew right away that this was no airplane because I grew up around airplanes as my dad was a pilot.  The noise startled me because I never, ever had heard anything like that before in our area.   I got up looked out our large bay window from the 2nd floor of our house and couldn't believe what I saw.  I saw an object that was changing colors that was hovering and like floating westbound through the air.   My husband and son also got up and witnessed the object, and they couldn't believe what we were seeing.  The object changed colors from a beautiful emerald green, red, blue, orange and also to a white color.   We were so surprised to see such an object right in front of our own eyes that was so beautiful just traveling slowly through the air westbound towards Seattle.   We watched it and watched it, of all times none of our cameras were working.  While watching it at one point we did witness what appeared to be a helicopter approach the object.  They kept their distance from the object, they didn't get close to it.  The helicopter stayed back from it, again didn't get close to it at all and it finally it backed off and left the object alone.  The object appeared to be larger than the helicopter but not by much.   The object just seemed to hover in the sky slowly moving westbound.  We watched the object until we could no longer see it any longer.  We were shocked to see such an unbelievable site, and we have always been uncertain about if there are UFO's in the world or not.   After seeing th! is AMAZING BEAUTIFUL OBJECT, the three of us that watched it for the a pp. 44 minutes are believers!!  We would of never ever had the opportunity to witness such an unbelievable, AWESOME, site it the noise it had made when it was traveling through the sky hadn't awoken me again at about 2:00 AM, when we normally are sleeping.   We felt excited, had so many questions that we will never have answered and we did feel somewhat scared, as the questions go on and on. In the end we felt very blessed to see such a site, and again we now are believers in UFO's as our family had just seen one.   It shook our room and the noise was unbelievable.  Without the noise that it made in passing through the sky in the middle of the night, we would never ever witnessed such an astonishing site of a object that appeared to be a real UFO!! ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and we found her to be quite eloquent and serious-minded.  The object may have passed quite close to Fairchild AFB, which is located just west of Spokane.  PD));47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
Sept 9th, 2018, strange reddish brown, rectangular disc shaped object seen over Spokane.;2018-09-09 10:35:00;10-15 seconds;Sept 9th, 2018, strange reddish brown, rectangular disc shaped object seen over Spokane. On September 9th, 2018, at approximately 10:35 A.M., I was looking out of my upstairs bedroom window on the South Hill of Spokane.  Facing north, I saw an object traveling across the sky that was dark reddish brown in color and was shaped like a disc or rectangle. The object didn’t make any noise or leave a trail. The sky was clear blue with no clouds or other objects in view.  I visually followed the object traveling in the sky from east to west for approximately five seconds when it dropped in altitude and changed direction moving south west of my window and out of view.  It moved horizontally and sped up when it changed direction.  The sighting lasted about ten to fifteen seconds. The object was too large to be a drone and at an altitude that would be occupied by aircraft seemingly.   I am 38 years old, often looked to the sky in admiration, but this is the first time I have seen anything resembling what I saw this morning. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he seemed to us to be quite sincere and sober-minded.  We suspect he is a very good witness.  PD));47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
Eastern Washington to the right of the moon and is a light flashing many colors like a twinkle of a star but bigger and twinkling faste;2020-12-04 23:00:00;1 hour;Eastern Washington to the right of the moon and is a light flashing many colors like a twinkle of a star but bigger and twinkling faster than a star. I took a photo on my camera and it’s too far for perfect detail but it’s not a star and it looks like a sphere craft with lights blooming around it. A few planes have gone by.;47.6727988871224;-117.3898581876
