Large Bluish-white Light Flies Slowly Northward over Sonora, CA;2004-04-03 19:15:00;3 minutes;Large Bluish-white Light Flies Slowly Northward over Sonora, CA I was facing east.  The full moon was up and to my right.  From my left (south) a large bluish white light flew over me, no more than a football field or two above.  It flew across the moon and kept going rather sedately.  It seemed to sway to its left and then to its right as it moved to the north.  Object was in sight for over three minutes.  Other aircraft (definitely planes with FAA mandated blinking lights) could be seen to the east of the object.  They were flying much higher than the object.  It gave me goose pimples and a feeling of excitement while I watched it.  It was beautiful!  There was no sound from the object, but it seemed to be hazy.;37.9998;-120.3267
It was a Metallic ball in the sky that moved at very high speed's;2008-08-02 11:00:00;30 seconds;It was a Metallic ball in the sky that moved at very high speed's It was a beautiful clear sky that day not a cloud or airplane in sight, I was walking around the camp sight helping my Boss out with some things and then we were dun, I sat down in my cheer and a couple of seconds latter I look up at the sky enjoying the lovey day, Out of the corner of my right eye I notes something shiny floating in the sky, As I Lock my Eyes on it the object comes into our clearing and stops, As it hovers I shout out to my Boss Look,Look as i point up to the sky, At first he doesn't see it but then it moves in a downward motion very quick then stops again, Now both of us are seeing it.Then it moves to our left covering about half of the clearing then stops again,Then it moves back to the right and about a 45° angel then stops again, By this time it stops around the same area i first seen it in, Then it shots across the hole entire clearing and stops,then it shots off again going straight for little bit then moves up and at a slight angle and vanishes from sight.;37.9998;-120.3267
