Red and Yellow lights moving in erratic patterns;2002-08-15 01:30:00;3hrs+;Red and Yellow lights moving in erratic patterns Red and yellow lights about 20 to thirty miles away. The lights would change in size an color, but seemed to stay in a certain patter to where they would go. At one point the lights formed a circle and then broke apart and went into different directions. Sometimes the lights would fade away, or split apart, then come back even brighter than before. ((NUFORC Note:  Ordinarily, based on what the witness has written here, we would wonder whether the he/she might have been looking at either 1) twinkling stars, or 2) advertising lights.  The report seems to present data that is consistent with one, or the other.  However,  it couldn't be both.  Advertising lights traditionally are not operated for 3+ hours, and stars do not change their positions.  We do not know what the person was observing.  PD));37.9998;-120.3267
Flashing Object Observed over Sonora, CA on Evening of June 4, 2005;2005-06-04 22:23:00;About 2 minutes;Flashing Object Observed over Sonora, CA on Evening of June 4, 2005 You recently received a report from Chris in Creston, North Carolina of a flashing object about two and a half hours before the event I'm about to describe.  This is a confirmation of his sighting by two witnesses, but the event I am reporting is from Northern California.  As my brother and I were watching the sky, a bright flashing object appeared directly overhead.  This object moved generally to the Northeast, but in an erratic manner, darting in different directions.  The object seemed to be made up of at least three lights in a triangular formation. The object flashed, like a camera taking pictures, every few seconds.  The only thing that could be seen of this object were the flashing lights.  Object moved without making a sound.;37.9998;-120.3267
strange large colorful object  for 3hrs+ by the moon;2005-08-11 20:00:00;3 hrs;strange large colorful object  for 3hrs+ by the moon as i was leaving a store i looked up at the the pretty sunset and noticed a bright light by the lower right hand side of the moon.it didnt look right so i drove home {it took about 10 mins}then we  got out of my car and the object was still there.i showed the object to my friends.i got in the house and looked at it with my binoculars.it looked very big and changed colors.i let my friends observe the object and it stayed in the same spot in relation to the moon.i watched it for about 3 hrs then came in the house.i could see it pretty good with my binoculars large colorful ommiting object.i took 3 pics with my camara but i dont see the object;37.9998;-120.3267
Grey Translucent Being Studying Flowers in my Garden!  500 Lights On Object0: Yes;2008-04-12 04:45:00;less than a min;Grey Translucent Being Studying Flowers in my Garden!   I arrived back from work at my house and after parking the car in my garage walked to my front door. I was amazed to see what looked like a typical grey alien being in my garden but I also noted the following. It was translucent, like not completely solid. It was taller than most reports of these things.. approx. 5 ft tall.. and it seemed incredibly thin and had a very pointed chin.. more so than what I would class as a typical 'grey'. It appeared to be studying plants and from this point on I have no certain recollection of events.  It didn't appear interested in me and carried on studying the plants. I have two memories of walking into my house. One is where I walk in and go straight to bed. The other is one of alerting the dogs and making them check outside... which they do not as they don't want to go (too sleepy). My wife was working till 7am and I was in bed asleep when she arrived.  The strange thing is that the next day, I had no recollection of any of this. In fact it wasn't until some 20 hrs later that I remembered it. I told my wife as soon as I saw her the following morning when she got in from work (monday am) and she thought I was insane.. for not mentioning it sooner!  The other thing of note was that the following night I wasn't at all afraid to go out into the dark garage or garden. I never saw any UFO or craft on this night (although I have seen many previously) and I had the distinct impression this thing belonged here and had as much right to be here as I did. I have the sense it came from below the ground.  I should also point out that I did see a large white light sweep across the sky the following evening as I was walking my dogs.  I'm confused - and it all appears very dream like and not real now. Anyways - I draw no conclusions - the info is just here for the record.;37.9998;-120.3267
Two star looking shapes in the eastern sky, while sun was coming up.  The third one came in between shooting toward earth.;2015-01-08 07:20:00;30 minutes;Two star looking shapes in the eastern sky, while sun was coming up.  The third one came in between shooting toward earth. My Grandson and I saw two bright star looking things in the eastern sky this morning while the sun came up.  We watched and they were moving slowly away from each other.  In the north and south direction.  Then suddenly there was a third bright star that was positioned in between these two other stars.  This third one went shooting down towards  the earth, looking like a small ball of fire, and then disappeared in the sky.;37.9998;-120.3267
