Triangular Object with Lights over Lyons Bald Mountain in Sonora, CA Caught on Video;2004-05-31 22:08:00;5 minutes or so;Triangular Object with Lights over Lyons Bald Mountain in Sonora, CA Caught on Video Over Lyons Bald Mountain, we saw a bright light traveling slowly east, then turn south.  As it traveled across our field of vision while we were facing east, it turned into two lights.  A plane headed north flew just a few feet from the object.  The object neither turned nor tried to avoid the plane, but the plane looked like it tried to avoid the object.  Then a third light appeared.  Triangular formation of lights travelled slowly and steadily south.  This object was caught on video tape using a Sony camcorder.  The lights looked to be white, but when the tape was reviewed, we saw that the two outside lights were red and the one in the middle was green.;37.9998;-120.3267
Triangular Object Reappears for Third Time over Sonora, CA ((NUFORC Note:  Probable aircraft.  PD));2004-08-08 22:50:00;5 to 7 minutes;Triangular Object Reappears for Third Time over Sonora, CA A bright light was observed bobbing up from behind Lyons Bald Mountain and then going down again.  The light reappeared over the mountain, then headed south.  As this light was focused upon through the viewfinder of my camcorder, I noticed that there were two lights.  I faced first North, where the object was sighted, then Northeast as it passed in front of me heading South.  As the object came closer, I noticed three lights in a triangular formation, the two outside lights being red and the light of the corner closest to me being green.  Object was captured on two Sony camcorders, one digital, the other a Hi-8.  This object was huge! ((NUFORC Note:  One of several reports to our Center from this witness.  In this case, based on his description of the lights he saw, we suspect that the object was an aircraft.  PD));37.9998;-120.3267
Fourth Triangular Object Videotaped over Sonora, CA;2004-09-17 22:14:00;2 to 3 minutes;A triangular object with three red lights was sighted and videotaped to our Northeast, heading North very swiftly.  This object was flying about a mile or two over the treeline to the Northeast.  The treeline being about 50 to 60 yards from us.  The object at first looked to be a line of red light, but when seen through the viewfinder of the camcorder, had three distinct red lights.  This is the fourth triangular object videotaped over Sonora, CA since May and the only one to be seen with all red lights, and the only one flying North over Lyons Bald Mountain.  Object flew in a straight line without deviating from its course.  No sound was associated with the object whatsoever. ((NUFORC Note:  One of several reports from same witness.  PD));37.9998;-120.3267
