HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  I watched, the other star began to drop as well.;2004-05-22 01:45:00;2 minutes;Lyons Bald Mountain  Full Description of event/sighting: Sitting out on back porch facing ENE. To the NE, constellation Cassiopeia just rising above mountain. Saw what I thought were two stars just to the left of the constellation when one went down below the mountain.  I told my brother I saw something go down and I told him it was to the left of the other star next to Cassiopeia. As I watched, the other star began to drop as well. It was almost yellow compared to the real stars and just before it went behind the mountain, it turned red. Got a feeling of dread that made me almost sick to my stomach when it changed color. Sighting lasted no more than a couple of minutes. The feeling of malevolence lasted a bit longer.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com Redirect: http://www.brianvike.com Redirect: http://www.hbccuforesearch.com;37.9998;-120.3267
Light;2007-04-26 21:00:00;1 minute;My wife, duaghter and I were enjoying a warm evening on our deck.  My attention was drawn to a bright light approximately southeast and 80 degrees above the horizon from our position. The altititue was unable to be determined but jet contrails appeared to be below the level of the light. The bright light decended irratically and then appeared to reach a steady flight path or level travel of flight.  No contrail or visual evidence of the flight path was apparent.  The light slowly dimmed and disappeared.  My wife and daughter also witnessed this event.  Note:  This sighting appears similar to the Reno, NV sighting that occured at the same date and time.  I am hesitant to report this sighting due to my profession.  I have reported one other sighting when I lived in Tillamook, OR.  I am willing to talk to an investigator but I would respectfully request that my identity be kept confindential.  Thank you.;37.9998;-120.3267
