It was short and brief..it was a sphere I saw and what got me the most was the color...it was like an electric blue colored sphere. The;1998-08-20 23:30:00;night;It was short and brief..it was a sphere I saw and what got me the most was the color...it was like an electric blue colored sphere. There one minute, clear as anything... then gone the next right in front of my view. It was about 300 ft. away but I'm guessing... I remember it was close. It was about 11:30 at night,around there...and two of my friends and I were in this little gazebo just talking and hanging out. I remember my friend was sitting next to me and she was looking at my other friend sitting across from she and I...I had briefly looked up in front of me before turning to her and that's when I saw this sphere like shape ap in the sky. It wasn't too far away but it was close enough for me to see that it was an electric blue color- that color I can't forget cause it was bright for that one brief minute and then it was gone...At first I thought maybe it was a meteorite,and I'm not ruling that out, but it was slightly bigger than  what I've seen when we've had meteorite showers around here...;38.8375033557047;-77.4623241610738
Three Silver Metallic Spheres. Two Hovering by the Sun and One Flying North East. Report Includes Two Sightings by Others On Same Day.;2010-06-18 16:00:00;1 minute;Three Silver Metallic Spheres. Two Hovering by the Sun and One Flying North East.  Report Includes Two Sightings by Others On Same Day. After I was done mowing my neighbors lawn at 4:15 p.m., I went outside for a cigarette.  I decided to look up for some sky gazing, despite the sun being the only thing hanging in the sky. The sun was shining behind some maple trees, decreasing its luminosity to the point where I was no longer blinded if I looked at it.  I could see bugs and pollen flying through the air, but I also saw something else as well.  Two metallic white / silver spheres caught the sun's light.  One proceeded to move North East, and I watched it fly to the horizon.  It seemed to have a sort of darkness around it, like a haze. The sky just seemed darker around it.  The other objects, still catching the suns light, hovered for a few more seconds and just vanished. I submitted the report to MUFON.  That day, another report was submitted by a man about how he and his wife and kids saw dozens of silvery spheres in Leesburg hovering in the sky over a Costco at about 5:00 PM, an hour after me.  They watched them for about a half hour, and saw some of them glow.  Their report also states that single spheres would split and become two, and two would become one.  They were moving North. Later that week another individual submitted a report to MUFON with pictures.  The individual saw a silvery white sphere flying North.  This report took place an hour or so before me in Richmond. That is three reports of silvery / white spheres in one day, over the course of a couple hours.  This is my report.  I don't know if the submitted theirs here or not but for investigation purposes, theirs and mine are on MUFON.  I am very sorry if NUFORC is a competitor of MUFON.  I just want to this story out to as many people as possible. The next day, somewhere between 4 - 4:15 PM I went out to the pipeline behind our house for another cigarette and in curiosity I looked up to sky at the spot where I saw the objects the day before.   My curiosity was peaked even more so because of a very low flying and very slow flying Blackhawk helicopter that flew over the pipeline.  I didn't think anything would come of it but I was wrong.  This time I watched a black sphere for a minute fly under one of the only clouds in the sky.  Once it hit the blue sky it was gone, like it could only be seen near the cloud. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.8375033557047;-77.4623241610738
