I was in 9th grade and had fallen asleep during a movie at a friend's house who live in the same dark and quiet neighborhood.;2001-09-27 03:00:00;40 seconds;I was in 9th grade and had fallen asleep during a movie at a friend's house who live in the same dark and quiet neighborhood.  I woke around 3 am, freaked because I had missed curfew and hurried to leave.  My friend lived at the end of a cul-de-sacred and for whatever reason, at the stop sign, I stopped and I turned completely around and looked up and there IT was... a giant bright light gold ball that looked to be far out in the sky, there was no light pollution and on clear nights like this one you could even see the milky way... anyway it shot off all these colors, then split into two identical balls, each shining with more colors, then it went back to one and then just warped into space it seemed, just disappearing...  it maybe took a few seconds to happen, it happened so fast.  I was so scared and awed at the same time. I knew this was not anything I could have ever imagined nor anything many people had ever seen. I would give anything to see it again and t! o this day always gaze into the night sky for another chance-glance glimpse whatever you would call it lol.  Anyway I had a walk ahead of me and I nearly knocked on someone's door at 3 am but decided not to despite my fear and racing heart, I usually took a little short cut through a little patch of woods but this time decided to stay in the view of the houses. As soon as I made it home, which seemed the trip home took a lifetime, I ran through the house right into my parents room and shook mom awake and told her what I'd seen, then again all morning, I was too scared to sleep alone so I begged for mom to sleep in my room but sadly she declined so I was petrified until the house was awake again, then everyone at school the next day... and still nearly 17 years since it's happened I haven't forgotten and I never will.If it was as far out in the sky as I perceived then this thing/s had to have been enormous....  but I wonder, why did it let me see it?  what would make a scaredy! cat who was always a little apprehensive about being out unde! r the bi g night sky when alone pause and take the time to turn completely  around and look up? fear is a pretty tangible thing when you're alone in the dark... also no noise, no hum or buzz that I recall just a very  brief and petrifying astonished wonder-struck couple of moments.... that will be with me until the day my life draws to an end. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));32.4699;-90.1101999999997
