5 large round bright orange objects appeared one by one in sky close to fireworks hovered silently for a minute and a half.;2019-07-04 22:00:00;1.5 minutes;5 large round bright orange objects appeared one by one in sky close to fireworks hovered silently for a minute and a half On July 4th, 2019, at approximately 2202, from my home in Bernalillo, NM, a half mile west of interstate 25, looking to the south SW approximately 12 miles to the Albuquerque Balloon Park.   I was watching the fireworks show that had been going on for about 15 minutes when I noticed out of my left peripheral vision a large bright orange round-except the bottom was flat-horizontal-object that was descending and heading south along the interstate at a very high rate of speed with absolutely no sound when it made a right hand fishhook 180` turn to the north and came to a sudden stop directly east and parallel to the fireworks and appeared to be a couple thousand feet above the fireworks, just north and west of the Sandia National Lab complex and Kirkland air base. When object 1 came to a stop and hover, a second object of the same size and color appeared to slide out from behind object 1, sliding to the west towards the fireworks.  The two objects hovered for about 30 seconds and started to come north towards my location. When the two objects started to move north three more objects of the same description and slightly lower than the two original objects, one right after the other like you turned on a light and they hovered in place. As object 1 and object 2 were heading north at about half the distance between my location and the other three objects, object 1 had started to get ahead of object 2 and made an immediate right hand 90` turn with out sound, towards the Sandia mountains, just south of the radio towers on top of the mountains and shot over the mountains in a 45` degree climb on the horizon and disappeared in 3 seconds.  When object one disappeared object two started to make the same right-hand turn and it then just disappeared. When objects 1 and 2 disappeared objects 3,4 and 5 hovered in place for approximately 20 additional seconds and one by one in the order they appeared disappeared as if you turned them off. This whole event took place within approximately two minutes starting at 2202 and ending at 2204.  The night sky was high thin overcast with 20 plus mile visibility, winds calm at the time.  No other objects/aircraft or airships were observed during this timeline of event. At 2202 on my android phone I started rerecording this event for 27 seconds.  That’s when I went to get my houseguest ((male's name deleted)) to witness it.  When we returned approximately 20 seconds later I started to record the event again as my phone was flashing Rec and this recording went on for about 1.5 minutes.  After the event we went into the house to see the videos and for some reason the second recording was not logged on my phone.  I do have the initial recording of 27 seconds, in which you can see the first object, see and hear the fireworks in the background lower right.  I will attach that video to this e-mail for your review. I have been in aviation my entire 30 plus year carrier in the Airmedical/airevac field as an operations director for medical flight programs in Ohio and Florida.  I am a private pilot now with hundreds of flight hours with many hours IFR and in ICM conditions.  I served in the US Navy for six years starting in 1984 on the USS Lexington and USS Enterprise CVN-65 as an airman responsible for launch and recovery of aircrafts. I have also been a Paramedic for most of that time and now am a semi-retired airmedical consultant.  I can affirm in my 30 plus years in aviation, I have never witnessed anything such as this event and cannot rationalize what I saw that evening. Should you or anyone from your office wish to contact me please feel free to do so at the number listed below. Thank you for your time and interest in my observation.;35.3287;-106.5386
