Sphear, white with concave and convex windows daylight with binoculars;1994-07-15 14:00:00;1 minute;Sphear, white with concave and convex windows daylight with binoculars In North Shores, Rehoboth Beach Delaware, In daylight, about 2 to 3 PM, seen through binoculars,  beautiful stationary  sphere glowing from the sun hitting it from west, looking  up about 70 degrees almost due north.  I saw  no lights and no sound. I was tracking an  osprey with my binoculars when all of a sudden I saw in the clear blue sky a craft, partially hidden on the bottom in a mist or cloud layer.  It seemed to be oval  or round in shape and with the sun hitting it I could see what I can only describe as a skin of airplane windows, concave and convex, rectangle in shape,  that were all over  it,  all pure white except for the bright gold-orange of the sun hitting it on the West side and a light to darkish blue on the sides  of the windows that were in the shadow.  The entire thing had a dull sheen, like plastic.   I could not tell if it was incredibly large or small, but I assume since I could not see it with the naked eye it was small.  It did not appear to  be moving because I did not have to track it with my binoculars. I said what it that?  My young son was there and I took the binoculars away and looked at the sky but saw nothing, nor did my son.  I looked back into the binoculars and saw the craft again and it slowly disappeared behind the mist or cloud. I was about to hand the binoculars to my son when that happened.  All together I observed this for a total of one minute. To give an idea to its size looking through binoculars it would be the same size as a full moon looking through binoculars. I called the police to see if any one else had reported it.  They said no. This was a completely cloudless day overhead except for some low lying clouds over the New Jersey side of the ocean.  I first reported this sometime in late Aug. or Sept. 1994 to Center for UFO Studies, CUFOS and they took my information by phone and sent a form to fill out.   The form envelope was dated October 18, 19 94.  I chickened out about reporting it, and since have forgotten the exact date, although I know it! was Lat e July or early August.  I am an artist so I did a water color of what I saw, but I cannot show the beautiful glow this craft had.  The closest reported sighting like mine seems to be the Columbus Ohio spear on 6-15-1994. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.721;-75.0752
6 orange globes in the night sky over Rehoboth Beach.;2021-07-10 21:15:00;5-7 minutes;6 orange globes in the night sky over Rehoboth Beach. While driving home in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware myself and my partner saw 5 orange lights floating in the sky forming a U shape. We pulled over and took pictures and video. All 5 aircraft were slowly moving in unison from East to West. They made no sounds and were completely silent. They looked like globes with orange lights that were slowly flickering, kind of like electric lanterns or candles with flicker bulbs.  After a couple of minutes a 6th identical aircraft came out of the East (moving West) quickly towards the others. As it approached 3 of the aircraft forming the West side of the U went dark or disappeared. The 6th aircraft approached the remaining 2 and they formed a triangle.  We continued to drive home but kept watching the lights in the sky. The remaining 2 aircraft disappeared and the 6th aircraft changed course and started moving East, flying quickly. When we got home a few minutes later I took another video of the 6th aircraft flying in a straight line East in the direction of the ocean which is 1 mile from where we live. The aircraft drifted up into the clouds and disappeared.  Afterwards we heard a lot of helicopters flying around our house and area for approximately 2 hours.;38.721;-75.0752
