2 UFOs Seen After A Fierce Thunder/Hail Storm;2008-04-10 20:00:00;15 Minutes;2 UFOs Seen After A Fierce Thunder/Hail Storm Following a fierce thunder/hail storm, my room mates and I watched as 2 UFOs remained perfectly stationary, appearing to be overlooking a not too distant lightning storm. They were slightly different in design but looked generally the same. Once the lightning slowed, one of them left in a generally calm fashion. A moment later, the other headed off into the clouds with a very sharp, fast turn. It came close enough to see it pretty well. It had 3 very bright still lights on the bottom and a bright red blinking light on the back.;39.0169;-94.2856794392522
Vehicle in the night sky at low altitude experiences technical difficulties  with active camouflage.;2020-11-16 19:18:00;5-7;Vehicle in the night sky at low altitude experiences technical difficulties  with active camouflage. Being November it was very dark. We were in the middle of town at a park. There was light pollution around us but we were still very able to see stars in the sky. Many of them. I was with my daughter, she was on a piece of playground equipment, I looked up to her from the ground as I was chasing her around the playground playing tag. It was a very very dark. As I stare up  at her something flies out from behind her head, something up in the sky. I was immediately stupefied. From my perspective it appeared massive. From my perspective it appeared massive. Unreasonably large. Oppressively large. Stop you in your tracks dead large. Doesn’t belong in the sky large. All I could say to her was ‘Look..’ and I pointed. She turned around and I saw her body froze immediately when she saw it and was also stupefied. I was generally facing east and it was flying to the east by south east. I don’t know what it was. It’s speed, it’s absolute silence, it’s perceived massive! size weren’t the concerning or alarming part.  The absolutely unsettling part about it was how it appeared, I don’t mean how it arrived, I mean how it looked. I will do my best to describe the shape but when you understand how it appears you’ll understand you are not able to see it’s shape. I am a grown man, I fought in three wars, i’ve seen horrible things... I have never witnessed something that froze me in my place. The appearance of this thing is terrifying. We left the park immediately, I called the police for god sake, and the Air Force Base.  I am unable to determine if it was very large and very far away, or somewhat smaller and closer. Regardless, it was very fast and absolutely silent. It flew anywhere from 100 yards overhead to maybe half a kilometer. What was shocking about it was that you could not see it. It appeared to be so massive. This is difficult to describe but I will attempt to paint a clear picture. I couldn’t tell if it was a wing shape, or if it was like a bell on its side, or like the USPS logo. It was invisible but you could see it. Imagine looking up at the sky, seeing stars everywhere, now cut out the shape of some sort of wing-bell-wedge shape and move it across the sky. It had stars on its surface. Bright stars. It’s like there was a television in the sky with a camera behind it showing me the stars. As the television moves the camera shows the stars behind the television. But for whatever reason the television stopped working and the stars were frozen in place on the surface of whatever i! t was. Does that make sense? It was like it had moving camouflage but the camouflage stopped moving. It was so massive that its movement was absolutely apparent. It looked like someone took a photo of the sky, with stars, and wrapped it around an airplane.  It was too close. It wasn’t an accident, it wasn’t like a crash or something. It was right where it wanted to be and it was moving right above us and headed to my right. It was totally silent.  It wasn’t something like you see on television, it wasn’t a far away dot or a trash can floating two miles away. It was a car, a house, or a cruise ship sized object. It was so large that you almost could feel it’s movement, imagine looking up and seeing a blue whale flying over your head through the bottom of an aquarium. But it was invisible. You could see the stars through it but for some reason the stars on its surface froze or stopped moving and when they did it exposed the movement of this massive hulking monolithic vague shape of moving stars cruising just over head.;39.0169;-94.2856794392522
