Two unidentified objects flying in left echelon formation over Kansas City, Missouri;2004-12-13 20:15:00;20 seconds;Two unidentified objects flying in left echelon formation over Kansas City, Missouri On this night, I had been enjoying the crisp, clear star lit night in my backyard hot tub relaxing after a long workday. I had been observing the starry night for about 20 minutes prior to the occurrence. The air temperature was about 25 degrees with a moderate wind from out of the norwest, approximately 10 to 15 kts. I had been observing several of the star formations during this time frame in the northern sky when a movement in the sky caught my attention. I had observed several commercial airline departures from Kansas City Intl Airport, located about 45 miles northwest of my locations prior to this occurrence.  When my attention was drawn to the subject craft, I thought that it was the only one. I was surprised to see another one following the first craft in a left echelon formation about 8 seconds later. Both of the craft were completely blacked out, that is running without standard FAA lighting required on all aircraft flown with regulated airspace of the contiguous United States, at an approximated altitude of below 10,000 feet. The observed craft were of a flat black surface color, with a solid structure(as they blocked out the stars) as they passed just to the west of my location. I thought to myself, (a veteran pilot with over 10,000 flight hours, in commercial multi-engine fixed wing and rotor wing aircraft with instrument ratings). What the heck are those craft flying with any markings or light designations in regulated airspace! Then it occurred to me that maybe these were stealth bombers on maneuvers and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) would know about it.  The military is even required to have permission to cross active airspace utilizing a discrete transponder code as to avoid other aircraft operating in the area.  The two craft that I observed came from the north at an altitude I estimated as being below 10,000 feet above ground level and a speed of that required for jet aircraft operating at an altutude of below 10,000 ft agl.  Somewhere between 200 and 250 kts. This I estimated based upon how long I observed them for the distance traveled, having an intimate knowledge of the area from having flown in it for many years. As the two craft passed from my view of them and within about one minute of their passing, I observed a commercial jet aircraft displaying the standard FAA required lighting, having departed the Kansas City Intl airport coming from the northwest, climbing on a southeasterly heading. The commercial jet passed through the track of the two craft at approximately the same altitude I had observed them flying, on their nearly due south track.  The two craft were approximately 3 times the size of the commercial airliner with a slight V or rounded front fuselage and a flat bottom solid structure.  As a veteran pilot, I did not jump to any conclusions as to what the craft were, but was more concerned that they were operating in controlled airspace and I wanted to know more about their mission.  I called a friend of mine on Tuesday who works with the FAA ARTCC facility located in Olathe, Kansas to ascertain if he could help me identify who or what these craft were and if they had any radar signature or transponder data readouts. The FAA approach control facility supervisor responded to my call on wednesday AM and I relayed my observations to him. He indicated that he would reconstgruct the occurrence based upon my observations and let me know if they can identify the subject craft. He also indicated that I should contact the National UFO reporting center and provide them with my observations.  My credentials include military service with the US Coast Guard from 1967 to 1973 as a communications specialist E-5. US government service with the Natl Trans Safety Board (NTSB) as a senior Air Safety Investigator from 1983 to 1990. As a commercial pilot from 1972 to present, an expert witness, aviation safety consultant from 1990 to 1996 and as a corporate security specialist from 1997 to present.  One further note that I failed to mention is that the two craft during the track to the south made no noise, but moved silently on their flight. The commercial jet aircraft was making it's usual noise from it's jet engines as I heard it approaching from the northwest with the time frame I observed it.  If you have any questions, please email me at ((e-address deleted)) and I will respond when time permits.  I will mail a pencil rendering of my observation to you in order for you to have a clearer picture of what I observed.  Thankyou  ((name deleted)) Security Specialist ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this witness on several occasions, and we find him to be an exceptionally skilled, and credible, witness.  PD));39.0169;-94.2856794392522
MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  Looking at a distance past the upcoming stoplight, I saw a round object in the sky.;2007-11-01 08:37:00;5 seconds;Driving southbound on Jellison Rd, just north of Duncan. Sky was very clear, no clouds of any kind. Looking at a distance past the upcoming stoplight, I saw a round object in the sky. The strange thing about it was the bright reflection off the object was on the west side of the object, away from the sun. Watched for aobut 4-5 seconds and then gone. Pulled over to look around to see anything else, but nothing could be seen. Sky was very clear, thought maybe a gas bubble or something, but the reflection(?) was on the west side. No planes or anything in the sky. Witness did not contact police or other UFO organization. Report received by MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP - http://ufomig.bravehost.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));39.0169;-94.2856794392522
MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  FOLLOW UP - Looking at a distance past the upcoming stoplight, I saw a round object in the sky.;2007-11-01 08:37:00;5 seconds;FOLLOW UP - Looking at a distance past the upcoming stoplight, I saw a round object in the sky. FOLLOW UP INTERVIEW  - Missouri UFO Sighting Investigation - Marge Padgitt and Bill Hamilton. On November 1, 2007 Mr. John (name on file) reported sighting a UFO over Blue Springs, Missouri on the Missouri Investigations Group website.  His sighting occurred that day at 8:37 am and lasted approximately 4 to 5 seconds.  His sighting took place while he was driving southbound on Adams Dairy Parkway just before crossing the bridge which leads to Duncan Road.  He had turned onto the Parkway at Jellison Road from his home on Pink Hill Road in Independence. Marge and I were contacted to investigate the sighting as we lived close to the witness.  We arranged to interview the witness on Sunday, November 18, 2007 at 1:00 pm.  I arrived first at the witness’s house and met him, his wife, and younger daughter who were watching a football game on television.  John led me to the kitchen to talk.  Before beginning the interview I waited for Marge to arrive which she did within minutes. We proceeded to ask questions of John concerning his sighting while his wife and daughter listened in.  John reported that the object he saw caught his eye because of a metallic-like reflection from the west-facing side of the object.  He thought this was odd as the sun was in the east and the sky was clear and blue.  He later described the object as looking like a derby hat with a flat bottom topped with a dome.  The object did not move, wobble or oscillate, but remained stock still in its position which John estimated to be at about 30 degrees elevation in the southern sky.  The sighting was of short duration so I asked how it finally moved out of view.  John said that it simply disappeared.  One moment there was an object and the next moment it was gone without any apparent movement. Marge asked whether he had a previous sighting of a UFO and John reported that he had only one near Colby, Kansas 17 years prior.   She asked if he had experienced any changes in himself after either sighting, but he said he did not notice any except for difficulty sleeping through the night since this last sighting. We then asked to go to the location of the sighting so we could see the features of the area.  We parked on a side road just before the bridge crossing and all of us (John, his wife, his daughter, Marge, and myself) stood on the corner while John pointed to the location in the southern sky where he had seen the object.  He pointed out the series of lamp posts on the left side of the bridge and said he had gauged the object to be about the apparent size of these lamps but a distance beyond the 4th lamppost so that his impression was that the object was large. We snapped a photo of the sighting area and proceeded to wrap up the investigation at this point. Though John asked us what the object was, I could not give him an answer nor tell him why he was seeing a reflection from the object on a side away from the sun. Report received by MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP - http://ufomig.bravehost.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));39.0169;-94.2856794392522
