Greenish fireball in the northern sky falling toward the horizon.;1999-11-30 20:45:00;3 seconds;Greenish fireball in the northern sky falling toward the horizon. After returning home from my college night class I was still in my car in the driveway facing north and I observed a greenish fireball.  It appeared to be the size of a half dollar in your outstretched hand. There were no clouds and I could see stars clearly and the lights of an airplane.  The object appeared to be circular but it was as if I was observing it through thick clouds which made the object look fuzzy.  I did not observe a tail like a comet's tail but a streak of light that appeared to be the same green color.;39.0169;-94.2856794392522
A small bright light traveling very fast almost horizontaly for a few seconds traveling east to west.;2000-06-14 23:45:00;3 to 4 Seconds;A small bright light traveling very fast almost horizontaly for a few seconds traveling east to west. I was driving home after work (about 11:30 or so) on I-70 east bound from Kansas City. Looking out of the upper left of the windshield I noticed a very bright, white light streaking west to east.  It was almost horizontal through the sky and moved very fast. At first I thought it was an airplane from the light and the path.  But it traveled very fast and almost at the end of its visibility the light dimmed quickly then brightened again and traveled a little farther then disappeared.  I would have been convinced it was a meteorite except that it had a very flat path (almost horizontal). It was visibile only a few seconds and could have been some natural object, but the one I have ever seen like that.;39.0169;-94.2856794392522
4 orange flaming lights traveling south to north with 8-9 loud booms, and flashs to the north of our location.;2010-07-17 22:20:00;10 min;4 orange flaming lights traveling south to north with 8-9 loud booms, and flashs to the north of our location. At 10:20 PM Saturday 7/17/2010, I was sitting in bed on my laptop online when I heard a loud boom outside.  Fearing someone had hit my car I looked outside to see nothing out of the ordinary, but due to the load nature of this boom I continued to scan my neighborhood.  I then looked up to see that there was a orange ball of light in the sky.  This ball looked to be like fire, but seemed to be in a half circle shape, rounded in the front and trailing off to the back side.  I immediately called my wife to come to the window and take a look, and she came to the window and watch the events with me. The orange light in the sky continued from south to north disappearing behind a few clouds before reemerging from the clouds.  After this light had reached almost the end of our vision another orange light very much same shape as the first appeared to the south tracking about the same direction. Then we heard a boom to the north of our house.  The boom was accompanied by a bright flash that seemed to emanate from ground level, and that was very bright.  This was no fireworks, it was bright white, produced shadowing effects and kind of hurt our eyes.  Then this happened again, I moved to a window I could see farther north from but did not see anything burning nor any explanation for the booms or flashes. My wife then announced to me that another one had appeared to the south same as the first two.  Prior to this one even getting close to our house we heard two more loud booms each accompanied by that same bright flash.  At one point I feared we were under some kind of attack mainly due to the intensity of the booms, and flashes, I dialed 911, as I awaited the dispatcher (placed on hold and transferred once since I called from my cell phone, made this call at 10:30 per my cell phone memory)  I saw another one enter from the south this one on a path south to north but much closer to my house. We heard a total of eight to nine loud booms, and saw a total of four bright orange lights. and witnessed 6 flashes, we were not at the window for all of the booms, got phone for one and was moving to different window for another, and the original boom that made me go to the window was approx 3 booms I had not been looking outside during. The 911 dispatcher told me they had reports of fireworks in the area, but I told him it was not a fireworks display. The light was high enough to be in clouds, and was traveling south to north at a fairly slow pace for something that high in the sky, with the flash and explosions occurring farther north then the orange light in the sky, and the flash appearing to be ground level. During the event my wife and I saw our neighbors come outside pointing into the sky at the lights, with still other neighbors looking out their windows for the origin of the booms.  I do intend to talk with them tomorrow, but wanted to file this tonight as the information was fresh on my mind. Although I do not personally believe in Aliens or any such thing, I know today I was witness to something unidentified and flying.  I am not prone to events like this, having worked 10 years as a paramedic and been very scientifically grounded I realize now, that this was something very odd and I am intent to find out what was going on.;39.0169;-94.2856794392522
