White, Red, and Green lights move in unbelievable formations in the sky.;2003-01-01 05:15:00;1 hour 45 min.;White, Red, and Green lights move in unbelievable formations in the sky. My girlfriend and I observed a bright flashing light in the sky.  The colors changed from white to red to green in that sequence.  The object hovered in one spot for approximatly 30 seconds and then began to move in random directions.  While moving, the object would change it's rate of speed constantly and then stop suddenly.  It seemed to be higher than any helicopter could fly and with the random, sharp movements in made.....I don't believe this could be an airplain either.  It also moved in a small circular motion followed by a slighty larger circle.  When I got to my house I continued to watch it and found one other object that appeared to have the same light pattern on it.  The second light was small.  It seemed to move in the same formations as the original almost as if the two where comunicating.  I was too tired to continue to watch, so my observation stopped at approximatly 6:30 am January 1, 2003.  I hadn't had anything to drink and I was on no type of medication or taking drugs.  THIS WAS REAL ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witnesses may have been looking at celestial bodies.  PD));39.0169;-94.2856794392522
Moving lights in northern sky over Missouri, [6] visible with night vision scope [2] with naked eye.;2007-11-16 18:45:00;30 minutes;Moving lights in northern sky over Missouri, [6] visible with night vision scope [2] with naked eye. NUFORC  Today, November 16, 2007, at approximately 6:40pm c.s.t, while relaxing in my hottub on the back deck,  I noticed two lights, one very bright to the naked eye and another one of less intensity. The brighter one was crossing the sky from south to slightly northeast, while the lesser light moved on a  southeast to northwest heading on what appeared to be an intercept course.  I watched them move until they were both obscured by the lattice barrier on my deck.  This is only part of the events that followed. Since I have a quality IR monocular for night vision, I decided to obtained it from within my house and quickly reentered my hottub.  The events that follow occurred between 6:45 and 7:15. pm, c.s.t.  While scanning the visible night sky, I having previously observed two lights moving across the night sky from south to north with the naked eye, observed not two [2], but  eight [8] moving lights in the night sky, but not all at once.   About 6:45, I observed my first light using the night vision scope.  It was headed from north to southeast.  I can observe the sky from about 35 degrees above the northern horizon to about 90 degrees overhead. The lighted object was moving at a good pace to the southeast observable for about 15 to 20 seconds with my scope.   Once out of my viewable area, I continued to scan the area of the sky I could observe for any additional moving lights. Again I was surprised to see two [2] medium intensity lights like a flashlight beam from several blocks away, moving to the north northeast in a right echelon formation at a pace much slower the that of the single light I had observed some minutes prior.  I was able to track them for a much longer period possible 2 minutes duration.  Their physical separation remained constant during my observance of their track across the sky.  Losing sight of them due to obstructions, I continued to scan the night sky for additional objects.   Over the next 15 to 20 minutes, I observed  four [4] additional lighted objects one [1] moving from the north to south in my viewable area and the other three [3] were observed moving from southwest to north northeast. All of the moving lights observed during this time had light intensities as noted above. The altitudes of all these observed lights were estimated to be out of our atmosphere, but well below the stationary star formations observed as they passed by.  I’ve never seen so many observable moving lights in all my years of star gazing in just one segment of time today, Friday the 16th of November.  If I have a dependable star chart, I could approximate their track across the night sky due to my very definable and observable viewing parameters. These lighted objects, don’t appear to be any military craft and possibly could be various satellites in orbit, but that scenario is highly unlikely, too many in such a short period of time.   Has anyone else observed these moving lights during this time period?  Time will tell I guess.;39.0169;-94.2856794392522
MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP REPORT:  Noted a single light in NW sky traveling from my south moving NE.;2010-07-01 23:30:00;15 seconds;MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP REPORT: Observed on west side of Blue Springs, MO - Sitting outside facing west watching the night sky, noted a single light appear traveling from my south moving NE, approximately 70 degrees to the horizon. Initially thought it was a satellite (have seen many and usually follow them across the night sky) as this was a small, dim blueish-white light. Object was moving very fast in a straight line with no deviation (direction of downtown Kansas City, MO), however it seemed to move faster than most satellites I have seen. No sound heard. Light then slowly turned red for 1-2 seconds (slower than a strobe light/anti-collision light on aircraft) and then back to blueish-white. This occured 3 more times before object became too difficult to see (distance and city lights in the distance). Light appeared to dissapear twice, as if passing through or above clouds (skies were clear from what I could tell, may have been very thin, high cloud! s in the area). Possible sources could have been satellite (was very similar in color, size, and altitude but this was traveling faster and I have never seen them emit red light), meteor (no tail, trailing light, or change in intensity), or military aircraft/fighter (have seen these before with a single, fast blinking red light, but to the best of my knowledge these do not emit a dim blueish-white light when moving away from viewing position).  MIG: http://ufomig.bravehost.com;39.0169;-94.2856794392522
As I looked at it, I noticed what looked like a satellite.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-18 21:00:00;10+ minutes;I stepped out my front door that faces East. A very bright star caught my eye. As I looked at it, I noticed what looked like a satellite passing by it.  I watched a few more seconds and saw another behind it traveling at the exact speed and direction, northeast. I went to my back deck, where there was very little light to see more clearly. About 30-40 of these objects passed by, at what seemed like a very high altitude, over about 10 minutes. I went to get others from inside to observe as well. Four of us all saw the same objects clearly, and could not explain them.;39.0169;-94.2856794392522
Red light reverses direction.;2020-05-10 00:30:00;about a minute;Red light reverses direction. Was on the back deck at my friends house when we saw a red light that I initially thought was an airplane moving in a straight line some distance away and didn't think anything of it until it instantly reversed direction and went back the way it came before going forward again and moved in a kind of T shaped pattern before disappearing behind a large tree. It also changed colors from red to white a couple times but it wasn't flashing. It's difficult to judge but it seemed to be a good distance away below the cloud cover.  The distance it traveled and the speed at which it maneuvered such as when it instantly reversed the direction it was going would be impossible for any kind of helicoptor or plane I know of.  About twenty minutes later a helicoptor was flying in the opposite direction roughly the same distance from us as the light. Which stuck out to us because of how loud it was and the flashing lights. The ufo was completely silent and it's single light wasn't flashing like the ones on the helicoptor. It also seemed way too bright and fast to be a drone of some kind.;39.0169;-94.2856794392522
