When I felt the bed sheets grazing my back, I knew I was the one moving and not the bed.;1981-09-25 22:00:00;10 minutes;When I felt the bed sheets grazing my back, I knew I was the one moving and not the bed. I had an unusual experience when I was 15 in the fall of 1981.  I had never had an experience like it before, nor since, and I am now 37.  Right after it happened, I told two friends and my mom.  They did not believe me though I had never had a reputation for lying or even having been a daydreamer.  In 1981, I was popular, had good grades, was a cheerleader, and did not do drugs or smoke.  I had nothing to gain by telling a false story.  My friends and mom thought I had a dream, though I kept insisting I had not.  I had no clue as to what the experience was about, but as the years went by, and I heard more and more about people’s experiences with UFOs, I came to wonder if it was of the same nature.  I have always been skeptical of UFO stories, but there are so many similarities to my experience.  This is what happened (exactly), as I remember it like it happened yesterday.  It was right after 10:00 p.m. on a school night.  I had just hung up from talking on the phone.  I wasn’t sleepy yet, so I dimmed my light and turned over on my left side with my head propped up on my pillow.  I closed my eyes to relax when I distinctly heard a scurrying sound coming from the back of my closet.  Since we lived at the end of a cul-de-sac near the woods (only one other house around), it wasn’t unusual to have squirrels on the roof.  I thought maybe one of them had gotten down in the wall.  I recall giggling to myself thinking how appalled my mother would be when she found out there was a squirrel in her wall.  It was such a nonthreatening sound, I didn’t bother to open my eyes.  Right after the scurrying stopped, I heard crinkling paper (but it was distant).  Again, I thought, what are those rodents up to now?  Then the crinkling stopped, and in its place I heard a faint murmuring of voices (like in a crowded room).  I thought about getting up and looking out my window, as teens like to come down into our circle to hang out.  Maybe someone was playing their radio.  As I debated on whether I should get up or not, a l! oud clea r voice suddenly spoke near my right ear (the one not on the pillow).  It said something I didn’t quite catch, but the last words were the gun.  When something startles you, your natural reaction is to fly up, and that’s exactly what I thought I was doing, when I had what I call a time gap.  In the split second I was turning to see what had spoken, I found myself flat on my back vertical with my bed with my right arm extended upward.  It was pitch black (though my light had been left on), and I strained to see the tips of the fingers on my extended arm.  I was paralyzed, but not in pain.  My whole body had an electrical current running through it (like when your leg goes to sleep).  I was stunned because I had no recollection of coming into that position.   I thought, how did I get like this?  Then something else began to happen.  Up to this point, I thought I was lying on the bed.  I didn’t realize I was actually levitating over the bed until my body, in a perfectly straight form (with arm raised), began slowly moving counterclockwise.  When I felt the bed sheets grazing my back, I knew I was the one moving and not the bed.  In a 180 degree position (cross with bed), my body would be longer than the width of the bed, so my head and feet would stick out in the air.  As my head cleared the bed, I literally felt my hair FALL off the edge!!  That was when ALL doubt left me as to the reality of what was happening.  This was NOT a dream!  Reaching the 180 degree mark with the bed, I stopped, then began moving back the same direction I had come.  When I was vertical with the bed again, my whole body dropped (including my arm) onto the bed.  I was released from my paralysis, though not from the electrical current.  In a panic, I reached for the phone on my right, but it had no dial tone, just a loud buzzing sound.  I threw it on the floor.  I then leaped out of my bed to the left side and landed upright on my feet.  I was going to run out of my room to my mom’s across the hall.  I took one step and looked! up all at the same time.  I stopped in dead fear because instead of my bedroom door being there, there was a very black hole (tunnel like) in front of me.  It was already pitch black, but this hole was blacker than black.  I was too scared to go forward, so I decided to yell instead.  When I opened my mouth to yell  “mom, my voice was electric and it came out like I was holding a vibrator to my throat.  The sound scared me so bad, I threw my hand over my mouth in utter shock.  At that very moment, I had another time gap.  In a split second, I was back on my bed, turned to the left, head on the pillow, light dimmed, just as I was before the whole event happened.  I spun around and looked at my whole room.  My phone was back in the cradle, and only 10 minutes had passed on the clock, though I felt like it had been at least an hour.  If you saw or know anything unusual that happened in my area during the time mentioned, please let me know.  This has bothered me for years.  Thanks, ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.0169;-94.2856794392522
Being on a floating platform watching me from 25 feet away.;2007-12-01 17:00:00;<1 minute;Being on a floating platform watching me from 25 feet away. At approximately 5pm, I took a couple bags of trash outside and around the back of our duplex to the trash containers.  I placed the bags in the containers and then lit a cigarette.  The day was very clear and I was facing away from the house.  Behind our house was a driveway, a small drainage ditch, several trees and a small business office about 100 yards away. I felt as though someone was watching me, as I was not fond of the neighbor in the other half of the duplex. I looked around and saw no one.  I continued to smoke until I detected movement from the corner of my eye up to my right and in the trees about 25 feet away.  I looked up to the right and saw `something` upright and floating for a very brief time, it seemed to move away from behind one branch and go behind another.  It was large though, but less than 6 feet with the device.  There was a translucent globe where a head should be.  I smelled this awful smell that was worse than the dirty diapers in the trash! It hung in my nostrils and my throat.  It was so foul that it was almost chocking.It was obscured by the branches and just disappeared!   I was paralyzed with fear as I attempted to process what I saw.  I dropped the cigarrette and ran indoors to the master bedroom and retrieved a  handgun.   I was so terrified and confused that I was unable to look out the window for a few mi! nutes.  I didn`t say anything for a few days as I doubted what I think I saw. The only description I can think to explain it would be a being, though it certainly did not appear to be a man, with a device around it that enabled it to hover silently in an upright position.  This device was attached at the waist with some platform to stand on but it didn`t make sense to me.  It was not anything that I recognized. I served honorably in the Army and was required to master aircraft recognition as part of my air defense training. I had no idea what it was except that it was a being of some sort.  No eyes in the globe but `it` was watching me! I felt as though I was being watched or monitored.  I truly felt threatened. I am a family man and have several children that I am very protective of.  When I could no longer see it, I could smell a foul odor that was noticeably worse than the dirty diapers in the trash I was carrying.  I felt as though something was very wrong but couldn`t remember much of the details of it though I had frequent night terrors and horrible nightmares since.  I acknowledge that I have had a traumatic past and had been taking medication regularly prior to, during and after this event.  But I know I did see something, even if I mis-identified it, something was there.  It disturbed me so much that I missed Christmas with my family in 2007 and had recurrent panic attacks.  I began to do destructive things, totally out of character for me. I remained quiet about this event up until my wife told me something strange scared her very bad, right about the same time that I had my incident.  We do not go in depth about our experience to each other, though we are very close.  I find myself unable to describe this event clearly as it seems `backwards` or scrambled when I try to explain it.  I did lose track of an hour or so and my neck and my upper back muscles were locked in spasm, as if I had just got into a fight and stayed that way for hours, although I think it was all due to the adrenaline, my memory is blurry of the incident and it takes me awhile to piece it together. I work in retail loss prevention, and have to watch people closely all day.  I notice little things and non-verbal behavior.  Sometimes when I have to apprehend someone for stealing, it entails a chase and or altercation. I do not remember any aircraft at that point but remember the house vibrating later that night from helicopters flying overhead.  We lived near an ammunitions plant and an Air Force base.  We moved away from Blue Springs in 2008. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness, and we find him to be both eloquent, and seemingly quite serious-minded.  He expressed concern over the cause of the incident, more detail of which seems to be coming back to him, in his memory of the event.  His wife also remembers portions of the occurrence, a fact that both of them just shared with one another.  PD));39.0169;-94.2856794392522
Solid black, bat shaped, flat, silent and slow flying large object over I 70 East of Blue Springs Missouri;2013-08-15 14:00:00;1 minute;Solid black, bat shaped, flat, silent and slow flying large object over I 70 East of Blue Springs, Missouri I Was driving to Columbia Missouri from Kansas City.  Just east or so of Blue Springs, there was what I first thought was a large black kite slowly and silently heading from North to South crossing the Hwy I was driving (Interstate 70 east).   After it was overhead, I was continuing to drive and pay attention to the road so didn't have the chance to see where it eventually went or headed to.  It was headed south.  There were other cars on the highway and I thought surely someone else would have seen it and reported it but I haven't read or seen anything about it in the media.   I thought it was possibly a new type of Drone that perhaps the military was testing because it was solid black, silent and bat shaped.  I looked up Drones on google to see more of them, but didn't see any such thing.  The Drones on the internet looked completely different than what I saw and I realized I saw something that is probably unexplained.;39.0169;-94.2856794392522
