Amber-ish burning light shapeshifting into an array of lights moving very in slow motion but fast at the same time.....can't explain it;2005-05-06 23:19:00;Just over 7 minutes;Amber-ish burning light shapeshifting into an array of lights moving very in slow motion but fast at the same time.....can't explain it At about 11:19 PM, my girlfriend and I were heading back from dinner at a friend's house moving South on Highway 7.   About a 1/4 mile North of Argo road, I stopped in the middle of a conversation because something amberish color caught my eye about right at my 10'o clock or Southeast from us.  We started to really observe what the hell it was because we thought at first that maybe it was just a tower.  The light seemed to be about the same size one of those tower lights look like....height and everything, but it was flickering like it was burning.  It wasn't a red light like the towers have.  I mean it was orange like fire.   Then we realized that it wasn't a tower when we got passed the hills and trees and seen that it was clearly up in the sky a cosiderable height.  It wasn't a huge thing in the sky at all.  We keep heading South coming up to Pink Hill Road, then all of a sudden it got smaller and smaller.  This was very strange because it got so small it just looked like one of those tiny, tiny white-ish, blue-ish stars in the sky...just a speck.   Then it started to move West accross Blue Springs very slowly and as we got closer to I-70 we could see flashing red and white lights, just like our airplanes and helIcoptors have.   At this point we were really confused because we thought we just saw a plane catch on fire or something, then it goes out and it's flying like normal.  As we stop at the stop light at I-70.  The flashing lights were flashing one at a time next to each other in a linear motion but around the object.  And it had a larger light underneath.   It seemed like the lights were moving in an oval shape, but as we tried to follow it, it completely did things we have never seen before.  It looked like it completely shifted shape because of the way the lights were positioned before it started moving slowly away from us, but really far at the same time.  It's kind of hard to explain without speaking with someone directly.   After we were following it West it turned North, but in a matter of about 15 seconds it kept getting smaller and smaller, then it disappeared over the horizen.  The whole weird thing about is that it looked like it wasn't hardly moving and yet it was coasting along silently and then disappeared.   It seriously felt like when we started talking about what we were seeing and following it, it was like it knew and changed from a fireball and shapeshifted to a somewhat shoddy airplane look a like and then slowly drifted away into the horizen, but like I said over a 15 second period.  It had to been moving really fast.   We also thought that maybe it was something that came back into the atmosphere at a great rate of speed and then proceeded to fly over our airspace, hence the fire at first cutting throught the atmosphere.  I don't know, it is really strange.   I have never seen anything like this before and my girlfriend and I hope that we can talk to someone who may have watched the whole thing like we did.  I even called my buddy who was at dinner with me to check the sky and see if he could see what I was seeing, but he was already heading South on Lee's Summit Rd and it was too far North by then.  I checked my cell phone to see what time I called him and it was at 11:26PM.   For the most part we spent about 5 and half minutes driving from Argo Road to Winsteads parking lot trying to figure out what the hell it was, then spending another minute and half or so trying to follow it.  It was moving so strangly like it was on one constant linear path of energy or something and it was moving so freely, I really can't explain it.  It looked like slow motion, but it moved away from us fairly quickly obviously because it was gone within about 15 seconds after we tried to follow it.   We got to Woods Chapel Rd heading West on South Outer Rd so we could head North to follow it but it was out of sight after we passed the Saturn dealership and that's when I called my buddy.   Did anyone else see this??????????  Has anyone seen anything similiar before in another experience?   I know for a fact I'm not crazy and neither is my girlfriend and we are simply dumbfounded.   My whole perception just completely changed.  Either our government has some really cool things we don't know about or we have something going on up there that we either know about and don't want to tell the public or they simply don't know about it at all....and that bugs the hell out of me. ((ADDENDA FROM WITNESS)) Dear Mr. Davenport,   Thank you for responding to my report and please, call me ((name deleted) .   I will do what you say and call my local authorities and media agencies to see if I can locate some more witnesses.  We couldn't have been the only ones.  I can see where if someone glanced at it, they probably just thought it was an airplane after it shape-shifted and thought nothing of it, but someone else just had to see the start of it.     I have always been a believer, but have never experienced anything like this and it has truly left me annoyed by not knowing what it was.  I am a very sincere and credible person with people who know me and this is one of those things that we haven't told no one else yet because they will probably think we are joking around with them.  They would think it's one of those true lies, where a story is so unbelievably true that it has to be a lie.     We want to try and contact other people in Blue Springs first who saw it before we really go in depth talking about it.  I felt comfortable explaining everything to you of course since your website seems to be the prominent site that appears in search engines for reporting this kind of thing.  If you or anybody that contacts you about it want to call me, that's absolutely fine with me.  I will definitely keep you informed of my progress.   Sincerely,  ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM)) I just wanted to know when my post will be available for others to see or if I could get a copy of it so if I do find other people who saw something, I can use it as a point of reference.  I'll just send them to the link or give them a copy and I'll tell them it came directly from you and I'll have them contact you too.   Thanks,  ((name deleted)) ((END #2))  Thanks Peter.  (((non-essential sentence deleted))  So far, the police stations have not had any reports and I'm waiting on responses from the Television stations.  I have very good friends who are in Radio here in Kansas City and I'm awaiting to hear if they got any funny calls last night at their stations.   Thanks,  ((name deleted)) ((END #3));39.0169;-94.2856794392522
white flashing lights flying quickly viewed in blue springs missouri;2006-03-25 21:00:00;20 seconds;white flashing lights flying quickly viewed in blue springs missouri flying quickly low in the sky, it flew sideways with flashing lights then it quickly disappeared.;39.0169;-94.2856794392522
