UFO hovering 10-20 feet above houses in small Washington State neighborhood;2008-03-28 05:40:00;45 minutes;UFO hovering 10-20 feet above houses in small Washington State neighborhood Friday, March 28, 2008, 5:40AM Pacific, Washington (15 miles south of Seattle: 10 miles north of Tacoma)  Upon waking up this morning, I stepped outside of my back door (facing south). At which point I was surprised to see an object hovering about 20 feet above my next door neighbor’s house. The object was black and had 2 lights on each side of the front of it. The sky was black and the object was black so it was difficult to see exactly how large it was, but the part of the object that I did see, was approx. 3 times larger than the house that it hovered over. The house is a basic one floor single family unit. I did see that the object was black, but I could not make out the exact shape of the object. (I’m positive it was ‘cloaked’ in some way. The object also had 2 white lights on its front side. They were spaced out, spanning the approx. size of the house under it. I don’t think they spanned to the exact sides of the craft. They were closer together than that.  When I stepped outside of the door and noticed the object, it seemed to have noticed me at the same time. It began moving very slowly over to my house (in my estimation, approx. 2 miles per hour).  At that point, I ran back into my house. It felt as though it had targeted me.  As, I walked through my kitchen, I saw the object over my yard, and moving to the top of my house. Again, it was moving very slowly, as if it were in a ‘hovering movement state’. I then watched it move from the side of my house to the top of my house. I could not longer see it at that point, as it was on top of my house. Again, it hovered not more than 20 feet above my house. Perhaps it hovered even lower than that.  It was then, that I ran into my son’s room and told him about it. He wanted to go look at it and would have seen it, but I was afraid that it was coming to my house because it possibly had the intentions of abducting a human (and there we were.. ), so I wouldn’t allow my son to go out to look at it, for fear that he would be abducted.  I hid for about 30 minutes... then I felt ok again. I went to bed. Approx. 30 minutes after I got into bed, I saw the UFO once again (out of my bedroom window, to the south). This time it was rapidly flying away from my neighborhood. It was flying south (towards Tacoma). I could not determine its size. But I did see all of its lights. I will try to draw the pattern below:   					*   			*				*   		*			*			*   			*				*   					*  The lights were pulsing brightly at approx. 5 second intervals. When they pulsed brightly, they actually became almost one light and I had to close my eyes as a result of the brightness. Mind you, the object was approx. 1 to 2 miles away at that point. I watched the object fly over and up (to an area of the sky) where there was a round white light enshrouded by a thick black cloud (the cloud receded occasionally, in the same manner that clouds recede and thicken). When the cloud receded I could see that the white light looked exactly like the moon. Mind you, this was approx. 6 or 6:15 AM. The moon does not shine outside of my bedroom window at that time of the morning. (I am absolutely positive, as I watch it constantly). The object that I was watching seemed to fly up to the cloud where the moon was residing  This is when the object disappeared. The ‘moon’ went behind the black cloud. It stayed dark for at least 10 minutes and I didn’t watch to see if it showed up again after that. Curiously, I have been seeing this ‘moon’ at odd times (2am, 3am) during the night for the past week or so. I don’t know if it has anything to do with the object that I saw, but it was a very odd sight. This is a true report. I am a professional. I have worked IT for the past 15 years and before that I was the Director of a HUD program for 10 years.;47.2694;-122.2478
