Four, football field bright, lights over the sky of Andrews.;2007-09-06 20:30:00;less that 1 min.;Four, football field bright, lights over the sky of Andrews. At approximately 8:30 PM Thursday night, Myself and a co-worker witnessed four very bright lights hoovering about 20-30 feet above the tree line.  We were sitting on our music stage at work. We were facing the restaurant. I looked over my left shoulder at my buddy.  I noticed these lights. I tapped him on the shoulder and asked him what that was.  He saw it and replied, “I don’t know.” I then slapped him on the shoulder and asked him again, “What the f*** is that?!  The lights were grouped together in a kite shape.  There was one in front, one light offset to the right(just behind and to the side of the front light,) one light offset to the left(just behind and to the side of the front light,) and one light in the back( there was more space between the front and back light, than there was between the side lights.  The lights were pointing down to the ground, and you could see beams of light below these lights.  It appeared to over the trees, but was close enough to know that whatever it was, it was big.  We then stood up.  Almost as if they heard us, as soon as we stood up the lights started to dim.  I thought they were going behind the tree line.  But when I stood up, the tree line was 20-30 feet below where these lights were.  The lights dimmed to nothing, and it disappeared.. We kept our eyes on the sky.   After the lights dimmed out I could notice approx. 12 twinkling lights flying erratically in a northerly direction.  They kept moving until out of sight.  Shortly after, a small prop plane flew by, quite low.      This was the first noise we heard in the sky. The small plane flew over the area where we had spotted these lights.  He flew by and continued towards town.  We could see and hear him circle back and then he started flying towards us.  His headlights were coming right at us, then he darted back over the highway where the lights were.  This time when he got in that area he did a complete turnaround. When he turned back, my co-worker and myself saw 6 twinkling lights coming back at us from the north.  They were heading in a southerly direction.  Then all the lights disappeared, except one.  It was a clear night last night. And not a whole lot of traffic in the sky, except after what we saw. For a while there, it looked like the sky was dancing. We have been trying to come up with some explanation for what we saw.  The first thing we thought was maybe it was a light tower.  But there are no light towers in the vicinity of where witnessed the lights. The lights were as bright as the ones at a football field.  They were unlike our parking lot lights, they are more reddish.  These were very bright. And then they just dimmed out, like on a dimmer switch.  No noise in the sky when the lights disappeared. Nothing like this had ever happened to us before.  We are both mind blown by what we witnessed. You can guarantee we will be out there for the next few nights.  This time I’m bringing my camera in hopes of getting it on film.;33.4594;-79.5646999999999
