Object flying just above the trees that had two perpendicular faint coloured circular lights  500 Lights On Object0: Yes;2010-08-06 01:00:00;10 seconds;Object flying just above the trees that had two perpendicular faint coloured circular lights  500 Lights On Object0: Yes This event occurred at approximately 0100 hrs.  The sky was so clear that you could see the stars in the sky.  My friend and I were outside on the deck talking (our husbands were there as well) and we both looked up and saw something flying in the sky just above the trees.  The object was flying quite fast.  It flew across the sky and we followed it with our eyes for about 10 seconds and then it disappeared right before our eyes.   Right after it happened, we talked about it and both described the same thing that we saw and heard flying in the sky.  We both saw this object that had two circular lights perpendicular to each other.  The lights were not bright, they were almost like a very faint colored light.  We also both heard a humming sound as well, it almost sounded like a machine (something that we both never heard before).   It was a very strange object that we’ve both never seen before and we both decided that it definitely wasn’t a plane because first o! f all, it didn’t sound like a plane.   Second of all, no plane that we’ve ever seen had lights that close together.  Although our husbands didn't see it or hear it, my friend and I decided that it was an UFO.  We were also talking about that night and my friend, husband and I all said that we felt as though the time frame of that evening were a little strange.  My husband said he looked at the clock at about 2230 hrs and then before he knew it, it was already 0130 hrs.  I also said that I looked at the clock at 2300 hrs and then the next time I looked it was 0130 hrs.  My friend said she looked at the clock at 0015 hrs and before she knew it, it was 0130 hrs.  It just felt like too much time had passed within those time frames than should have been. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));53.7056;-101.2975
