7 lights over period of 2 hours.;2006-04-24 22:15:00;2 hours;7 lights over period of 2 hours. On the night of april 24, i decided to go for a drive get a coffee, listen to a new cd i had made, and watch the stars as it was a very clear night. Drove a little out of town so i could see the stars better... no city lights. Stopped on the crest of a hill and pulled of onto the dirt from paving. right away a bright red star caught my attention. thought maybe a planet. suddenly, it started moving in a straight line to the south east at a steady quick pace. it seemed to align with another constellation, stop, hover, and then disapeared. I got scared and decided to go back in town and watch from there. drove down by the saskatchewan river, stopped the car, and played some music, and watched another reddish light seemingly apear out of nowhere, and move in a straight line to the north. it moved like the first only this one disapeared without realigning with other stars. My wife then called me on my cell and asked where i was. I told her i was down by the river watching strange lights. She asked me to pick her up, and so i did. We decided to go out of town again because i felt a little braver with my wife with me. We stopped in almost the same place as i had been before, and watched a total of 5 lights appear, manuever across the sky at fast paces, and seemingly change course quickly, zig zag, half circle, usually crossing about 1/3 of the night sky. One in particular began very dim, and at a point in its travel, flared very bright for a count of 1 second or less, then became dim again. My wife exclaimed holy shit, did you see that? and yes i had, and my reaction was quite similar but i did not express the words. These sightings of these seven lights, lasted 2 hours nearly as we continued to watch the night sky intensly and would exclaim to each other Ive Got One. really quite the eye opener for me, and my wife. We both concluded they were not jets as they moved too fast, appeared from nowhere, hovered in star formations, zigzagged on their flight paths, change light from dim to flaring bright, and disapeared as fast as they appeared. take this for what you will. I will be watching the skys for a while now, and will never trust that a star is in fact a star again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));53.7056;-101.2975
