One of my most unusual encounters;1973-06-01 21:00:00;2 hours;One of my most unusual encounters I was fishing below the dam at City Lake in Fredericktown. this was near the beginning of the Piedmont UFO flap of the early 70's. I saw a off white light high in the sky Going Northeast to Southwest (I am not sure on those directions).It sailed on by and I kept fishing. 15 minutes later another one floated by. I kept watching. About every 15 minutes an off white UFO would fly by unril I had counted seven of them.  When number seven appeared I became scared. The fishing was lousy. I left in a hurry and am glad to this day I did. There was nothing in the area that indicated danger but I had a sense that something was very wrong and I should leave.  There was probably more than seven that night but I was not there to see. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));37.4906;-90.3362000000001
Orange light moves slowly across sky.;2014-06-21 21:00:00;6 minutes;Orange light moves slowly across sky. I glanced out my kitchen window a little before 9:00 pm CST and saw an orange, glowing light moving in the sky.  The window faces north. I told my husband to follow me outside there’s a light in the sky, he followed and saw the light, quickly deciding it was a helicopter. I ran and got my camera, however being the evening the two short videos I shot I don’t think are very helpful.  The light moved fairly slowly, at one point seemed to hover for a few seconds, and move slightly up and then back to the original line of travel.  It wasn’t moving very quickly, so it seemed feasible that it may be a helicopter.  However I saw no red or green navigation lights, or strobe lights of any kind, which I have always associated with helicopters or airplanes.  I have seen spotlights on helicopters and remember them being a very bright white…not this orange color.  I heard no sound that seemed to originate from it.  I thought I heard a helicopter but it was very faint and off to the west where there is a hospital with a helicopter pad here in town.   This light was almost directly over the house and helicopters that have flown over us at that altitude in the past make a lot more noise than what I was hearing.  The color was solid orangish-yellow, with no blinking.  It was not perfectly round or orb like, it had a “flame like” appearance, similar to a hot air balloon flame.   It was just under the cloud cover.  I went to a weather website after the sighting and it said there were a few clouds at 12, 000 feet. My camera makes the light appear as an orb, but it wasn’t perfectly round.  Also, camera kept trying to auto-focus…I think the video is just useful to show there was some light in the sky. I will share my videos via e-mail if interested.;37.4906;-90.3362000000001
