It was exactly the shape of a boomerang with small towers at each end and one larger in the middle.  It flew very slowly and rotated.;1986-06-15 13:00:00;20 minutes;It was exactly the shape of a boomerang with small towers at each end and one larger in the middle.  It flew very slowly and rotated. I can't remember exactly what day of the week it was, but I do remember it was a clear blue sky.  A perfect summer day.  I lived in the country on a farm, and my grandmother lived across the road.  On her front yard she had a 'mini' forest of pine trees that were fully grown.  This little forest was about 100 yards by 35.  Also, the church I attended was only about 500 yards west from my house.  (the road i lived on ran east and west) I believe it was late morning when my friend and I went across the road to play in my grandmothers barn.  It got to be close to 1:00 and we decided we should go back to my house.  We walked through the trees and down the ditch to cross the road when we both heard a loud humming/buzzing sound from above.  We both looked up and saw a large boomerang shaped flying object.  I would have to say that it was shaped exactly like a boomerang, with small towers at the three ends or arms that stick out of a boomerang.  There was also one slightly larger tower in the center.  The color was a very light blue, and I remember alot of little flashing lights on the top of it. I would also have to say that it was flying at under 1000 feet.  Probably 700-800. It was almost directly over the church when we saw it.  We then ran back under the cover of the trees and watched it move, very slowly, and also rotate as it moved. It proceeded over the church and kind of circled over it and headed South.   We intently watched it, waiting for it to go away.  It got to be about a half mile away and circled back.  It made another run over the church and went back south.  We watched it until we could not see it anymore.  We then ran across the street back to my house. We did not say a word to my parents, or to his, because we knew at our young age nobody would believe us.  I did not tell anyone until after I was 16.  I'm not sure when the first time my friend told anyone.  Probably waited longer than I did. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));44.0278;-88.185
triangle made almost no noise;2007-05-16 21:00:00;3-4 min;triangle made almost no noise It was my Birthday Party, and i had 3 friends over. around 9 PM I noticed a Triangular Shaped Craft over the school/field. it was hovering for about 30 seconds all the lights dimmed and others came brighter. and flew over my house slowly and emitting almost no noise. after about 3 minutes it was out of our sight. and that was about it..;44.0278;-88.185
