Fireball seen, long duration and larger than normal brightness;2000-03-09 21:00:00;30 seconds;Fireball seen, long duration and larger than normal brightness This is most likely the same situtation as the Little Rock Arkansas reports.  The fireball was observed while we were traveling east on I-40 at Sallisaw Oklahoma.  We observed a unusually bright and long duration shooting star.  This object appeared to travel from east to west, but could have been south to north.  The object appeared to impact the ground in the Sallisaw area, north of I-40.  My viewpoint was from the mile marker 311.  The size of the fireball appeared to be about the size of a BB held at arms lenght with the arm at about 25 degrees of elevation. I am a remote site electronic technician so I normally see a lot of shooting stars, this one appeared much larger than any I have seen previously.  We were able to follow the star below our visual horizon as it traveled through the sky.;35.4852;-94.779
Huge Fireballs going east in the sky by Sallisaw Oklahoma!;2006-01-13 17:30:00;15 to 20 minutes;Huge Fireballs going east in the sky by Sallisaw Oklahoma! My children and I were driveing west on I40 going to Sallisaw Oklahoma. We were about 15 to 20 miles from Sallisaw when my children were asking me if what they were seeing in the sky was an airplane. I looked out my windshield to the left and saw a big fireball. You could see the flames it was red in color. It had to have been huge and it was moving faster than an airplane but it did not shoot across the sky like a shooting star. It was a bit alarming to see a fireball coming across the sky like that. We watched it for about 5 minutes when it disappeared for about 15 seconds and then reappeared again. This is when we noticed two other fireballs. They were going in a triangle shape going east in the sky. Just about 5 miles from the Sallisaw exit the first one disappeared. The fire seemed to disappear from the front and then from the back and then nothing. The second fireball did the same as the first. The third fireball we watched when we pulled off the first Sallisaw exit. We watched until we turned onto the street and the trees got in our way. We will never forget what we had seen.;35.4852;-94.779
orange fireballs with a streak moving very fast.;2006-01-13 18:36:00;10 minutes;orange fireballs with a streak moving very fast. My family and I saw something that is hard to explain, At first we thought that an airplane had exploded in midair because it was a huge orange ball like an explosion,but then just like a second later like sraight across from it, it like did it again like a plain had exploded twice very quickly like a boom then boom but there was no noise, same orange ball it moved very very fast, then a few seconds later like straight below where we first saw it happen like really close to the ground it did it again but this time it was like huge orange fireball then a orange streak then the fireball again but we could see it all at the same time that time man I dont know but it moved very very fast then right before it disappeared it moved slower like a circle on its side rotating around going up diagnoly.;35.4852;-94.779
