Possibly some sort of UFO space craft.;2007-12-15 20:00:00;10 seconds;Possibly some sort of UFO space craft. One evening in december of 2007 about 8:00 pm. my husband,two children and i were driving in town to the bank. We were traveling north. Now we are turning left at the light. I look up in the sky to my right and see an orange red glow. As I'm telling everyone to look all of us except my youngest which is four, see the one red orange glow.  At first we were thinking maybe a plane blew up or a star fell from the sky. Then right after seeing the first glow, we see four or five other round orange, reddish glows below it and slightly to the east.  It was one glow and stayed glowed until the other four or five lit ,but they either had just appeared or lit up at the same time. They were not in a circular formation. They were in more of almost a straight line curving slightly east with the last two even more so to the east.  From the distance they seemed to be the size of a basketball.  They stayed in one spot and glowing for no more than 10 seconds,it was just enough time to get a good look and then there was no glows..so we assumed they were gone.    At this point we are all looking at each other saying we never saw this before.  After going through the drive thru teller as we are leaving we all look up across the street hoping we see this again so we can take a picture with our camera phone.  We are further west now than what we were but only about three blocks down the street.  About two or three minutes later now leaving the bank we are starting to traveling east and my husband, oldest and self start yelling at the same time look their they are again.  It was the same thing pretty much the same formation as before.  They stayed in one spot with the same glow.  Again they did not stay long.  Its like the glows were there and gone.  I didn't get a picture. It probably would not have came out good on a cell phone but I would have like to have tried.  You could clearly see they had moved, in the west direction.  The orange red circular glows best described, looked like the tip of a cigarette lit..that bright orange color.  Now after doing some research we believe these could have been some sort of ufo space craft.   I do believe that we do have visitors that come to earth and some don't.  I'm sure most people don't want to talk about it either since people will think the ones that do are crazy.  Could you let me know what you think. Thankyou! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides only e-address.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.2744;-76.7062
