I observed the craft at close range to know it wasn't manmade based upon my training and experience.;1973-10-01 20:45:00;30 minutes;I observed the craft at close range to know it wasn't manmade based upon my training and experience. In the Fall of 1973, I was taking a doctoral course two nights a week at Baylor Univrsity in Waco.  The class was from 7 to 8:30PM.   Coming home in the first part of the week in late September or early October, I saw a low, bright light over Lake Waco.  I concluded it was either a helicopter or the planet Venus.  However, two nights later, I saw the same thing so I decided to investigate. As I approached the bridge going over Lake Waco, I could the craft hovering over Lake Waco just near what is known as Speegleville Park.  After going west over the bridge, I took the next exit which brought me down into the Park but as I approached where the craft appeared to be stationary, it turned off its bright lght and began to move to the southwest.  It crossed in front of me and went over the highway so I decided to follow it. I could see it settle down in a clump of woods just on the other side of the highway.  I crossed over the highway and slowly drove by the wooded area.  The road curved to the southeast and I went up about seventy yards passed the spot, pulled over and stopped.  I turned off my lights but left my engine running. I watched in my reawview mirror for a few moments when I could see the craft rising slowng and coming in my direction.  It pulled up to my right just on the other side of the fence not far from a telephone pole.  I figured it was no more than 50 feet off the ground at most.  It was black in color, trangular in shape, about 30 feet in lenght and 20-25 feet in width.  I could see the cockpit with a green hue inside and three small heads peering down at me. I hadn't been there more than 5 minutes when the craft shown a green light down that engulfed my little VW Fastback.  My engine died and all electrical devices would not work.  I tried restarting the engine and tried turning on my lights and radio to no avail.  It was then I became alarmed and locked my doors. I kept trying to restart my engine every few minutes.  Finally, after about 15 minutes, it turned over.  I went down the road for about another 75 yards before turning on my lights and doing a U-turn. As I past where the craft was stationed, it made no attempt to follow me and I could still see it when I got back on the highway.  At no time could I hear any sound nor see any moving parts.  During that week, the weather was clear and there was enough light to be able make out tree shapes and anything in the sky. About 3 years later, I saw the same lihgt hovering just about the lights in the south end of a LaVega high school football game.  I wanted to go closer to craft to show my wife and children who were with me but my wife didn't want me to go chasing UFO's.  Having spent two years in the AFROTC and two years in the U.S.Army and flew a couple of times in a helicopter, I knew the craft that I saw in 1973 was not anything that the U.S. or any country had the time.  I even held a Top Secret Clearance while in the military therefore, I wasn't one to be the subject of delusions. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date in 1973 is approximate.  PD));31.5474882268482;-97.1548910265606
Close Encounter of the Second Kind.;1973-10-04 20:50:00;45 minutes;Close Encounter of the Second Kind It was in late September or early October, 1973.  I was taking a doctoral course two nights a week at Baylor University from 7:00 to 8:30 PM.  As I was coming home from the class earlier in the week, I noticed a  low bright light over Lake Waco.  At first I thought it was the planet Venus. but as I approached the lake, the source of the light was more and more to my right, yet stationary. So, I knew it wasn't star or a planet.  I figured it was a helicopter.  But two nights later as I was returning home, I saw the same thing so I decided to investigate. As I crossed the bridge spanning Lake Waco, I could see the bright light just above Speegleville Park which lies on the west side of the lake. I took the first exit and went down what was then a dirt road that led to the park.  As I got closer, the object started moving west about 100-150 feet in the air with its light off.  It was a clear night and light enough for me to be see the shadow of its outline. Then the craft which made no sound turned south and went over the highway and remained stationary in the air on the south side of the highway.  I got back on the highway and proceeded west until I could take the next exit and turned left on the overpass where I saw the craft cross the highway. As I did, the craft started moving south, again, and settled behind a clump of trees. I crept past the trees but could not see it.   The narrow road curved slightly back to the southeast so I went about 100 yards. pulled over and turned off my lights but left the engine running. Looking in my rear view mirror, I watched for a few minutes and then saw the craft slowly rise from beyond the trees and come towards me just on the other side of the fence to my right.  When it was parallel to my vehicle, it turned facing me motionless about 35 feet in the air, making no sound.  There was a small telephone or electric line pole to the left of the craft by the fence which gave me a indication of its altitude. I observed the craft to be triangular, black in color, about 30 feet long and about 20 feet wide at the rear.  It had a small cockpit toward the front and there was a green hue inside.  I then noticed three, small round heads peering down at me.  I hadn't been there five minutes when the craft shined a green light toward me.  It was then my engine died and I couldn't restart it. I tried to turn on the lights and the radio but they didn't work neither.  This bothered me, and I started to get nervous so I locked my doors. We sat motionless, the craft and for about another 15 minutes (but seemed much longer) with me trying every few minutes to restart my engine to no avail. In all, I guessed I had been there about 20-25 minutes.  Finally, my engine started and I took off with no lights on.  After traveling southeast for about 75 yards, I turned my lights on and did a U-turn.  As I passed the craft on my left, it made no attempt to follow me.  When I got back on the highway and headed east, I looked to the right and could see it was still there. As the AF Colonel in an England forest in 1980 once said, Weird.  (By the way, fifteen years earlier, I had two years of training with the Air Force in the identification of aircraft.  Plus, I had two years of Top Secret Clearance with the U.S. Army afterwards.  The craft that I encountered in 1973 was nothing that I could compare it with.  So, I concluded it was a UFO, possibly, of alien origin.);31.5474882268482;-97.1548910265606
Close encounter of the 2nd Kind.;1973-10-15 21:00:00;30 minutes;Close Encounter of the Second Kind. One night when I was returning home from taking a doctorate course at Baylor University, I saw a light over Lake Waco.  At first, I thought it was the planet Venus but as I came closer to where I would turn off to reach my home street, I could see that the light was more and more to my right.  Therefore, I knew it wasn't a planet or a star.  So, I assumed it was a helicopter. Two nights later while coming home from my class, I saw the same light so, I decided to investigate.  I took the next exit after crossing Lake Waco which brought me into Speegleville Park.  The road which was gravel then curved back to the East.  But before I could get closer to the craft, it started moving West and then South over the highway.  I decided to follow it as there was enough light that I could see it wasn't a helicopter but was a black triangular craft. As I took the overpass, I saw the craft nestled down in a pasture behind a clump of trees.  I drove pass the area and the road curved back toward the East.  I went about 100 yards past where I saw the craft go down, pulled over, turned off my lights and waited but letting my car engine idle, looking into my rearview mirror. To my surprise, the craft arose from behind the trees about thirty feet in the air and came toward me.  It stopped slightly to my right, facing my vehicle, and remained motionless, with no sound.  It was just past what looked like a telephone line and on the South side of the fence. As I was looking up at it through my windshield, I could see a cockpit with 3 round heads looking down at me.  There was a green hue in the cockpit and the heads appeared like shadows with no discernible features.  The craft itself was triangular about 30 ft. in length and approx. 20 wide.  It was jet black in color. I had been there approximately 5 min., when a green light came down on my vehicle from the craft.  My engine stopped running and none of my lights and radio would work.  I couldn't get my car to start after trying several times which caused me to get  nervous.  So, I locked my doors and just waited. It was a cool and clear night, and I couldn't do anything but just sit there.  Every few minutes, I tried to get the engine to start but nothing.  It was just me and the three heads looking down at me. What seemed like an eternity, I finally got the engine to start on my VW Fastback after about 15 min. of trying.  I then pulled ahead with my lights off about 70 yards where I turned my lights on and did a U-turn.  As I drove back by the craft, it did not attempt to follow me.  When I got back on the highway, I looked to my right and could see the craft was still there. Having had two years of AFROTC and two years active duty in the US Army, I knew this was no known military or civilian aircraft.  Since it could hover with no sound and remain motionless, I can only conclude that what I observed was an alien spacecraft. About two years later as my family and I were headed to East Waco to have dinner my wife's family, I saw the same light again.  This time, it was South of the LaVega football field.  It was sitting still behind and above the stadium lights.  I wanted to go investigate but my wife didn't want us to get any closer, claiming her parents were waiting for us for dinner.  Well, I think that was just an excuse as I had already confided in her my previous UFO encounter. I do have two pieces of advice for anyone reading this report:  1.  Keep looking up, and 2. Have a camera or picture phone available with you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));31.5474882268482;-97.1548910265606
3 lights in sky triangle shape.;2017-03-02 22:00:00;2-3 minutes;Waco Tx 3 llight in sky triangle shape 3 bright light in triangle shape moveiing across the night sky for 2-3 min steadly across the night sky, also can be seen on KXXV news 25, waco tx facebook page, video posted by another eyewitness;31.5474882268482;-97.1548910265606
Triangle shaped object, three red lights, one light on each point.;2019-04-20 09:38:00;10 seconds;Triangle shaped object, three red lights, one light on each point. Triangle shaped object, three red lights, one on each point of the triangle.  It moved in a rapid straight line.  Moved quickly.;31.5474882268482;-97.1548910265606
