Grayslake, Ill. Silver saucer/disk shaped object hovering in the sky completely motionless at about 6000 feet.;2007-01-17 10:30:00;1 minute;Grayslake, Ill. Silver saucer/disk shaped object hovering in the sky completely motionless at about 6000 feet. This is the description of what I witnessed on Wednesday morning, January 17th, 2007 at approximately 10:30 am.   Let me give some background, I am married, 40 years old, 2 children, I am a general contractor, self employed in the construction trades and have worked in the northern Lake county, Illinois, area for the past 19 years.  Prior to the 17th, I remained skeptical on the whole UFO issue, since I had no direct experience to justify any existence of such phenomena one way or the other. I was driving to the jobsite about 10:30 in the morning, heading eastbound on route 120 in the Hainesville, Grayslake area I turned onto Alleghany road southbound about 45 mph. the stretch is perhaps three miles to Peterson road, about halfway I noticed something in the sky at about 45 to 50 degrees south-southwest of my position, it caught my eye I believe because it was not moving, just floating-hovering stationary my best guess at about 5000-7000 ft. . I drive a G20 Chevy van with a large windshield it appeared about ½ in size as I watched through the windshield. The object was saucer- disk shaped and very silver, the sky was clear and its definition crisp, no movement at all it appeared as if someone held up a silver plate in the sky. I watched the object for about a minute or more until I reached Peterson road, when I turned east it left my field of vision. I have always had sort of a photographic memory and as the minutes progressed it started to hit me what that may have been, I then regretted I did not stop to observe it further as I never saw anything like it, motionless just sitting stationary, I think back and believe now I should have stopped and called the police because it was close enough to plainly see it was not any recognizable aircraft or a balloon, it was a silver saucer. I suppose I was in a state of denial at the time but it just keeps coming back to me and I can still see it. That night I remarked to my wife and kids that I saw a flying saucer on the way to work in a matter of fact way as if the reality of what I saw did not quite compute, it seemed ridiculous in a way, I tried to shrug it off.  In a strange way it has taken some time to process this, because silver saucers don’t just float in the sky. I told a couple of other people about it, one person mentioned that UFO’s were recently sighted over O’Hare airport, so after about 10 days of still picturing it just hovering in the sky I googled  “O’Hare UFO and came up with a photo someone took over the airport, and I thought to myself that that was what I saw, except more crispy defined and silver. Its been a few weeks now and I decided that I have to tell someone who could possibly make sense or use of this, I am trying to reconcile the fact that I really don’t believe in UFO’s with seeing this thing, this just won’t go away, silver saucers don’t just float in the sky and its starting to mess with my mind, I am a very rational logical person not given to superstition or the like so I pass this information on to try to lay it to rest. I do not know what good this will do but to possibly validate other like sightings in that area, in any case the above I affirm to be as accurate in fact as I can testify. If for any reason you need anything that I did not think of here feel free to e-mail back to this address.   Sincerely,  ((initials deleted));42.352;-88.055
