It was a very bright oval craft that made no noise and moved quickly.;2011-06-27 23:08:00;40 seconds;It was a very bright oval craft that made no noise and moved quickly. It was around 11:08 (12 hr time), when my mother and I were making our way home from a movie.  When we got about a mile away from the house we saw a bright light through the trees.   We soon entered a section of the road that was positioned between two open fields with a clear view of the sky in all directions.  The road was heading North-North-East during the first part of the sighting.  We observed the object for about 20 seconds before heading into tree cover again. 15 more seconds passed and we pulled into the driveway.  I immediately got out and ran to the field behind my house, (the same field on the right side of the previously mentioned road), and the object was still there.  At this time it was about 11:10 and I was facing east.  Two or three miles a head of me, and a little to the left was the object moving slowly to the right.  I called out for my mom to come quick but she didn’t get to see it again in its brightest form.  As soon as I called for her, the object  started quickly moving south eastward toward a cell phone tower one mile away from where I was.  I know this distance for a fact so I used the tower as a reference point. I could distinctly make out the fact that it moved behind the tower because the light dimmed for a split second.  After crossing behind the tower, the craft slowed down and slowly descended behind a nearby wooded hill near a residential street.  I DID NOT see the craft land, I simply saw it decrease altitude.  By now I had seen the craftchange directions from moving North East to South East. The craft was in an oval shape and was a very bright, non-pulsating figure.  It changed directions quickly and accelerated quickly and slowed quickly. It did not zig- zag.  The color was a very bright yellowish white and it was brighter than the cell phone tower by far and much brighter than any of the stars.  The craft was silent. It had just stormed and there was partial cloud cover. There was also a great deal of lightning, but none during the actual sighting.  There were two conventional aircraft in the area that I have great confidence saw the same thing that I was seeing, because they immediately turned in the direction of the aircraft in question.;36.1682999999998;-80.3781999999994
