Mid-1970's Thonotosassa, Florida sighting at Stacey and Knights Griffin;1976-10-01 21:00:00;15 minutes;Mid-1970's Thonotosassa, Florida sighting at Stacey and Knights Griffin The date is approximate, give or take a year. I was about six years old and was spending the weekend with my grandparents who lived on Knights Griffin Rd. in Thonotosassa, FL...not too far east of Tampa. They had picked me up and we were retuning to their home. After turning on to Stacey Rd. from Highway 301 we noticed an object in the sky hovering above Stacey Rd. at the intersection of Stacey and Knights Griffin Rd. The object had already enticed a few on-lookers and we pulled over as well. We just stared at what I recall being a grey disk shaped object with circular lights around the circumference. Their was no sound of an engine or propeller. I remember watching until it simply vanished. There may have been a momentary light trail, but my memory is vague on this point. Everyone that had pulled their cars/trucks over spent a few minutes talking about their disbelief and then everyone was on their way. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));28.0635;-82.3086
Saucer with catacomb bottom engines separating from silver docking station.;2014-06-14 05:55:00;45 minutes;Saucer with catacomb bottom engines separating from silver docking station. @ 5:55 am just before dawn I noticed a bright object over our 5 acre property .. so I went to go get my sibling...we tried cell phone video but it was too dark...so as the sun began to rise the object was still there.   So I went and got binoculars and I could see that the silvery object was like a docking station...it only looked like a cylinder because it was side ways....then I saw a saucer like object detach from the docking base and it slowly revealed the bottom of craft which was round covered on the bottom with catacomb shaped holes on the bottom that were lighting up bright red like jet engines.... I witnessed the membership going two and fro the docking station at least three times...then I was disgusted because I did not have a good enough camera to photograph it or video tape the incident so i went back in the house...never seen anything like it...freaked me out cause I don't believe in those type things...but I do now lol....one more thing… when I went in my house I googled ufo sightings and found your site and repeatedly tried send report, but my kindle went nuts and started acting strange....glittering and acting up it would not let me type anything it kept wiggling screen.   I was afraid my kindle had a virus...but I don't and now my kindle is fine so I am sending report...another thing that was strange, my cellphone's time changed to 9:30 p m...then later changed back to correct time.;28.0635;-82.3086
