Ground object semi transparent shooting upwards very quickly out of sight....;2007-07-10 15:30:00;15 secs;Ground object semi transparent shooting upwards very quickly out of sight.... I was walking down the side of my land (approx. 5 acres) heading towards a main road. The land is mostly open in this area other than a medium sized white oak about a hundred feet from where I was. In front of me I noticed an object that I will do my best to describe. I would say this object was about four foot tall at the max, it was maybe three and a half wide. The shape best I can describe was something like an old arrowhead.  This object was motionless when I first noticed it however, it was not there when I looked up in that direction a few seconds before. It was black or dark grey in color but it wasn’t a solid object, it was almost like looking through dark window tint, transparent in a way if you will. It also looked like it was two dimensional.  Once I saw this object, I stopped and stared. There was no movement for a couple of seconds but the object seemed to wrinkle and take a textured look quickly. The object then lifted off the ground and projected in a straight vertical line upwards. It went straight up and was gone extremely fast, out of sight in maybe a second tops. Whatever this was kicked up dust from the area when it went up but showed no signs of damage to the grass. It also made no sound at all. There were no lights, disc shape objects or any of that foolishness. It was just there, changed its texture and then shot up out of sight. It was a normal sunny Florida afternoon about 3:30pm.  This was the first of two times I saw this object, the second account was as follows:  The second time I saw this object was a bit more dramatic. It was dusk, if I had to guess it would be about 6:30pm to 7pm. There was enough light outside to see but not like day time. I had walked out of the house onto the car port and towards the parking area where a family member was parked. They and my parents were coming right behind me. When I cleared the edge of the car port, I looked towards the right and saw this object once again. This time it was located under two very large oak trees that are about sixty feet from where we were. Once I realized what I was seeing, I turned to my family to get their attention so they could see it. When I started yelling to get them to look I turned back to point at it and the object seemed to wrinkle again like the first time. Maybe a second later it shot straight up through the oak tree breaking or shearing off up to two and a half inch diameter limbs as it went up and out of sight once again. The others never seen the object howev! er, they did see the aftermath of limbs falling from the event. Looking at the limbs, they were not clean cut but broke off from the object. This is on a very old well built white oak tree. Once again, no lights or sound, nothing that I have ever heard or seen before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));28.0635;-82.3086
