I saw a triangular shaped object;2011-10-17 21:30:00;about 5 seconds;I saw a triangular shaped object I was standing in a dark unlit open area (golf course) about half of a mile wide with star-gazing class of about 18 people, this just happened about 40 minutes ago.  I was looking into the southern sky and I noticed above my head, to the left of my periphery I saw a triangular shaped object that was semi-transparent and was definitely a solid shape and maintained its proportions and there is no way it could have been anything other that some kind of flying vessel! moving at a slow speed (for a flying vehicular) directly in the direction that I was facing and I saw it with eyes locked to it for a good 5 to 6 seconds.  My teacher was talking about a constellation and when I saw the object I pointed at it immediately and said what is that, I kept saying it and the guy next to me saw it too and was excited about it, my girlfriend was standing next to me and saw it as well, I was so excited that I interrupted my teacher in the middle of him speaking!   The object which was semi transparent had a whitish-grayish turbulence looking feature across the face of its surface.  This surface seemed to move but I believe that I was seeing like a distortions of the stars above the object as it passed underneath them. There were absolutely no clouds in the sky that were visible and it was actually kinda light out . There is no way this was any kind of light reflecting on clouds or anything like a light beam. The object seems to kind of reflect light but did not give off or have any lights that I could see.  Also this smokey turbulence surface (that seemed to be moving) had a greenish kind of tint to it or at least that is how the image in my memory is fixed.  The object did not do anything except silently flew forward until at a certain point even though I was looking right at it, it kind of just disappeared before my eyes.  I could only see the bottom when the face of it was kinda parallel with my view, when it got further in front of me i couldn't see it like the kinda no-outlined-distorted triangle with kind of a glassy looking distortion like in the movie predator literally!  I know that may be a cliche but it honestly looked exactly like that to me.  I have never seen any kind of U.F.O. before this event tonight and although I have considered that aliens probably do exists somewhere out there I didn't think I would ever see something like this unless this and much less be writing all this about it online!   Also this thing had sort of features on it like extruding out of it but I don't know if it was the kind of cloaking distortion thing or what but there were definitely some kind of features, it wasn't flat looking. In other words I saw this thing in perspective from almost directly underneath at a 10 degree-ish lean to my right, and then this object flew towards almost the center of my perspective view, it seemed like it was less than a thousand feet in the air, honestly it looked like it was just a few hundred feet overhead, but no sound at all no engines, no fires, no lights, nothing.  I  am estimating (roughly) that this U.F.O was about only a few football fields in front of me when I lost sight of it completely, it couldn't have been that far because the object when compared to the size of my hand (average size) when I held my hand outstretched completely to point at it, the object when directly overhead was larger than my hand although dimly visible and when it was in fro! nt of my view about 30 degrees up (star class remember) it was smaller in comparison than my hand but became more brightly visible I think maybe because of the city lights in the low background, it seemed to somehow kind of reflect the light around it.  I don't know if this helps anyone or if anyone has seen something similar, it is very weird for me to have seen literally what looked like the predator cloaking device type of Klingon bird of prey from star-trek as it de-cloaks looking stuff but I don't really have anything to compare it to as it did look rather like those types of effects to me.  Remember the sky was completely cloudless and this could not have been a lighting effect as the object clearly maintained it's shape and proportions and moved at a consistent pace until it was not visible. I don't really know what else to put I didn't see anything else really the whole night and this was definitely not a plane as I had seen at least 10 planes fly over and they all had lights and were much smaller in comparison to this object and moved slower across the sky although remember this object looked really low to me, and seemed to be moving less than maybe 100 miles per hour or so. I don't really know the accurate speed of the object but I know I couldn't see any features of planes except for the lights... and this had no lights at all and I could see it quite clearly, it was incredibly eerie how long I was able to focus on this thing...  Also there were planes in the sky when this object was in the sky but not directly in view they were behind me going in the same direction as this object as well as other directions and coming from that direction. I doubt that they were related but I don't know, it was a lot of planes in the sky even my teacher said it himself that there was a ton of planes in the sky.  I don't know if my teacher saw it but some of the other students were talking about about seeing a weird light flash (but I did not see a flash) and I don't know if it was the same thing that I saw since we were kind of spread out and looking in different directions. I never thought this would ever happen to me. I hope someone can tell me what is going on??! I can't believe my girlfriend even is blowing this off and she said it herself that it looked like a manta-ray to her and it looked smokey but I am completely freaked out and blown away by this event as nothing like this has ever happened to me.;31.0827137526657;-97.370986993604
