Red lights in sky that moved closer and disappeared, along with a black balloon like object that floated down;2013-07-04 22:30:00;20 minutes;Red lights in sky that moved closer and disappeared, along with a black balloon like object that floated down My 13 year old son, significant other, and myself were shooting fireworks.  Around 10:20 pm or so, we saw a red light move from the south towards the north, towards us.  It was high in the sky, but as it approached (got closer), the light became a bit larger. It appeared to zig and zag lazily and then stop at some points.  The red light was steady, but alternated with a white light.  There were no sounds and no other moving objects in the sky.  It slowly moved northeast a bit and just disappeared.  A few minutes later, the exact same thing happened again, starting at the exact same starting spot as before.  At around 10:40 pm or so, I looked to the northeast and saw a black object that was like the shape of a balloon with a bubble on top floating down from the sky.  It was about 50 feet in the air and I thought it was a parachute at first.  I screamed &quotWhat is that?&quot  The other two witnesses turned and saw it as well.  My son screamed and ran toward! s the house.  My boyfriend ran towards the fenceline where the object appeared to fall.  He said he saw a disc like object go immediately straight back up into the sky.  Around 10:45 pm, we decided to shoot off one last round of fireworks.  When we shot some that went into the sky, the red light came back again.  This time it appeared from the exact same place (south), moved north, and disappeared.  It just went out.  At 10:50 pm, my son and boyfriend saw the red light again, and it went through the same movements as before.  We are not sure if it is the same craft or not, so I reported each sighting as one separate craft.  Google Maps has the incident area as 42 degrees 05' 14.17 N and 83 degrees 33' 13.91 W.  It was too dark to get any shots but we did get some videos.  We will email them as soon as we get them off the phones.;42.1253;-83.5686
