Sequence of lights entering a craft.  ((Spacelink satellites.));2019-12-22 19:00:00;1.5 minutes;Sequence of lights entering a craft. Location: Augusta Township/Willis, Michigan..  It was a very clear, clean & crisp evening  Sunday 12-22-2019 at approximately 7p-7:30p.   I walked out of my barn facing directly due West.  I looked up at the night sky as I always do.  I immediately noticed 4 to 5 sequence of lights equally spaced out in a line.  My initial thought was the “Winter Solstice”, perhaps stars lined up as I have never seen before.  After looking closer I had noticed there was movement to the light.  My second thought was our Military. (I would guess this was at approximately 45,000 feet elevation and at 30&#8304 above the horizon)  I started counting the lights as they were moving.  I could only see 8 at one time.  (If I were to hold up a ruler to the sky where the lights were traveling, I would say that the activity would be roughly 8-9” in length at arm’s length). The lights continued to move steadily East into what appeared to be a “cloud/mass”.  I could see stars all around this mass but could not see stars beyond this mass.  I was compelled to continue to watch their path.  I noticed that not one part of the sequenced lights had exited this cloud like mass.  Then I realized something else was occurring. The “cloud/mass” that the lights were traveling into appeared to be 35&#8304 above the horizon.  This filled up my view to be approximately 35&#8304 wide and 15&#8304 up & down relative to size. I walked out further into the yard and noticed that these lights were continuously coming from a “void” in the sky.  At this point I had counted 12 + from the time I started counting but there were more in total.  There appeared to be a barrier (energy field?) just south of the lights.  I could only see 8 lights at one time and noticed that the 3 light exiting the “void” and the 3rd light entering the “cloud/mass” was much brighter than the others. I continued to watch for another 30-45 seconds and noticed a plane flying direct North towards the activity and at a much lower elevation.  (Approximately 25,000 feet).  From my sight this plane appeared to have “intercepted” the 3rd brightest light entering the “cloud/mass”.  It looked like the plane had paused then changed direction moving East North East in a sharp turn.  The 3rd light that was entering into the “cloud/mass” appeared to have shot off into the “cloud/mass”.  I noticed the 3rd brightest light exiting the “void” had shot off directly North and all other lights dissipated/vanished! As my attention was diverted to the aforementioned plane for a brief period of time, I then looked back in the vicinity of the “cloud/mass” and noticed a clear star field (the “cloud/mass” vanished) .;42.1253;-83.5686
