Cigar shaped ufo along with heavy military air traffic in the area;2004-12-03 17:50:00;2-3 sec.;Cigar shaped ufo along with heavy military air traffic in the area I was on my way to work (in the passenger seat of the car) and was looking west as we were driving past houses and just happened to see for about a couple of seconds in betwwen 2 houses a ufo.  This object that i saw looked to be cigar to cylinder shaped and was going towards the northwest and is looked to be faily high in the sky.  that fact that it was that high in the sky was what led me to belive it was a ufo because if it had been a plane there would have surely been contrails coming from behind it.  Also of note their were many military jets flying around the area shortly after.   Also an hour before the sighting i was listening to wtam 1100 am to the mike trivisanno show and he said along with another caller that he seen a ufo about the same shape earlier that day.  During the show there was another caller that was calling from the mansfield area and said that he saw some fighter jets coming towards cleveland form what appeared to be wright patterson airforce base.  Well that is about all of the informtation that but i would also like to include that i do not think that listening to the report of the ufo by the talk show host had caused me to imagine a ufo of my own becasue i have listened to the coast to coast am program for a couple of years and this is the first ufo sighting i have ever had.;41.4866000000001;-81.8037000000002
Unknown object moving extremely fast through sky.;2019-09-09 18:45:00;10 seconds;Unknown object moving extremely fast through sky. I would like to preface this account to state that everything happened so quickly that I can not say with complete certainty what I saw.  The account below will be on the long side, but I am attempting to be clear in what I know for sure and what is a little hazy.  The experience was very surprising and almost surreal.  After thinking about the experience for the past week and talking with several people about it, I remain confident that what I saw is not explained by any object that I am aware of  (bird, plane, helicopter, drone).  In the early evening of Tuesday, September 19, 2019, I was out for a walk with my five-year old son.  We were outside in part because there were thousands of dragonflies in our front yard and the yards nearby.  I have never seen anything like that.  When I got home from work, I had noticed quite a few flying around.  Over the next hour or so, they became more and more numerous.  Around 6:30pm, I took my son outside to see them.  We then went for a walk down to Lake Erie.  As we were walking back to our house, I kept looking around at the dragonflies which were everywhere. At 6:45pm (+/- 10 minutes), we were several hundred feet west of our house in a relatively open area.  The sky was clear, with very few/no clouds.  As I looked up in the sky, I saw a moving object in the south sky.  I immediately noticed its very fast pace.  I could not associate it with anything such as a plane, helicopter, or bird.  My first thought was that it was a drone, based on its apparent size and distance away.  We see small drones in the area from time to time, but they usually move somewhat erratically, slowly, and always seem to have blinking lights.  As I tried to process what I was seeing, I realized that it was moving as if it was an arrow shot from a bow.  There was absolutely no deviation from its course. I noticed no lights.  The object appeared to me to be gray and elongated (in the direction of travel).  I saw no exhaust or trails.  I attempted to listen for a sound, but heard nothing discernible. When I first spotted the object, it was slightly east of due south.  It was traveling east/north-east. I would say that it was at an angle of approximately 20 degrees above the horizon.  There was no obvious change in its elevation during the time that I saw it.  I followed its path until it disappeared from my view just north of due east.  There are condo towers east of my neighborhood.  They are approximately thirty stories tall.  I lost sight of the object when it passed the towers and my sight of it was blocked. After it had passed, I tried to process what I had just seen.  I sat down on a bench in our front yard with my son to continue watching the dragonflies.  Approximately several minutes later (maybe more), I heard the noise of a large helicopter.  Very soon a Chinook helicopter appeared from the east heading almost due west.  We see one or often three Chinooks heading east or west out over Lake Erie (1000' north of our house) not infrequently.  This one was probably less than 200' north of our house.  I haven't seen one so close before.  My son and I watched as it passed over, and I rushed to get my phone in camera mode.  I was able to snap a photo of it when it was about to disappear behind some trees several hundred feet west of me. Since seeing this, I have tried to figure out what it was that I saw.  The speed that it was moving was much greater than anything that I have seen before. I have watched the International Space Station pass over, and this traveled across the sky much, much quicker.  My best estimate is that it traveled about two miles during the time that I saw it (5-10 sec...I can't be sure).;41.4866000000001;-81.8037000000002
