Two sets of flashing lights over lake Erie in Cleveland.;2008-04-13 22:00:00;30 Seconds to a Minute.;Two sets of flashing lights over lake Erie in Cleveland. I live on the 10th floor of a 17 floor building here in Cleveland Ohio.  I have a Easterly view and a partial view of Lake Erie. The next building to mine is far enough away that I can get a pretty good view of the sky.  Today was a pretty windy and cold day here in Cleveland, so the waves off the lake are pretty rough.  Since I can hear the waves, I tend to notice the lake more and often look out my window to see how big the white caps are.  At about 10:00 tonight I did just that.  I couldn't see the waves so well, so I glanced up and saw what I thought were two airplanes. Airplanes often approach the city from the lake side, so I didn't think much of it.  The Planes had three lights each, which again didn't surprise me because I thought i was seeing the two wing tip lights and then a central light under the fuselage.  The lights were blinking rapidly and were more of a strobe fashion.  The lights on the objects were white and red, and I can't remember what order they were in.  I immedately noticed how close the sets of light were, and thought they might be helicopters, but I didn't hear any sound.  Just when I thought that, the lights, which were moving in a northwest to south east direction started to rotate around each other in a circular fashion.  The set of three lights in the lead, kind of looped back and circled around the three trailing lights.  Then the three trailing lights took a sharp turn and went north, while the first set of three lights proceeded on it's southeastern course.  Its fairly overcast here, so when the lights were obscured by clouds, I never saw them again.  At first, i was really scared, because I was still under the impression that these were airplanes.  I thought, oh my god, they must have clipped wings, and the one is circling out of control.  But the lights never lost control, they just went their separate ways.;41.4866000000001;-81.8037000000002
