Very Bright  White Light Making No Noise At Low Altitude;2007-06-17 23:00:00;35 sec.;Very Bright  White Light Making No Noise At Low Altitude I live about 45 miles from O'Hare, so we do have planes fly over frequently. Also there is a small craft airport about 5 miles from my house in the opposite direction from O'Hare. We also sometimes have helicopters fly by, at low altitude, as needed for the Flight for Life program for emergencies (example car accidents). The reason I'm telling all this is because being a star gazer, I know the usual crafts that fly overhead.  Around 23:00 hours I was letting my dogs out. It was a very warm and humid night with a very slight haze, no moon visible, but the brighter stars were visible. I could see the Big Dipper, so the slight haze wasn't much of a factor. Suddenly from the Northwest a very bright white light appeared in the sky. At first I thought it was an approaching Flight for Life helicopter. As the light passed over, at about the altitude you would see the copters fly, but there was absolutely no noise. There were no usual blinking red lights. The object continued flying to the Southeast, but then abruptly shot straight up into the sky at an accelerated speed before disappearing from view. Right after it shot straight up, there appeared to be heavy cloud cover near the area it shot up at. When I checked the skies again about 30 Min. later, the sky was just slightly hazy once again. I would say the observation time lasted about 35 sec.;42.2168;-88.2444999999999
Unusual bright orange light/orb over Cary, IL.;2015-09-05 22:30:00;30 seconds;Unusual bright orange light/orb over Cary, IL. I was in a room of my house that has a skylight which gives a view of the Eastern sky located directly above my home.  I was peering out the skylight when a very bright ORANGE light/orb drifted across my field of view. It appeared to be traveling at the same height and speed that a small, single-engine Cessna would usually cruise.  It had no traditional blinking red, green, or white lights.  It was a solid, non-flickering orange light/orb traveling almost exactly at a Northwest heading (coming from the Southeast).  My best judgement is that it would've flown on a diagonal vector directly over Briargate Elementary School. Once it escaped my field-of-view, I ran to another window, this time on the Western side, to try and find it.  There were a few trees obstructing my view and I had no luck relocating it.  I listened for any engine or propeller noises and could not hear any.  At the same time, for the heck of it, I scanned the entire Western horizon and did see what appeared to be a very faint, distant orange light.  However, at that distance, I can not: A) say for sure that this was the same light that I saw before nor B) categorize it as something unusual. O'Hare Airport, Lake In The Hills Airport (small aircraft), and a Flight For Life helipad are not that far from my home.  I am a pretty big aviation enthusiast as well.  Needless to say, I feel I have a pretty good handle on what normal air traffic looks like in my area.  This was definitely something unusual.  I have never seen anything like this before, not just near my home but anywhere. I did some online research and found the following could explain what I saw:   1) Satellite - I'm not too sure about this.  Again, the light was very bright and pretty close to the ground. 2)  A nearby planet - Same with above, the light was very bright, too close to the ground, and moving too quickly. 3)  Chinese lantern - This has some merit.  The orange color could explain it.  However, it was moving faster than Chinese lanterns travel and there was no flickering/glimmering to the light source.  Also, there was only one light and usually Chinese lanterns are released in clusters. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.2168;-88.2444999999999
