Two red/orange round balls of star-like light hovering over us then disappearing.;2009-10-17 22:00:00;1 minute;Two red/orange round balls of star-like light hovering over us then disappearing. My wife and I had just left her parents house and were driving home.  The area we live in is a dark area in New Hampshire away from city lights/other light pollution.  We were driving on the road, headed southwest.  It was a fairly clear night and up in the sky, almost exactly overhead, but not quite (since I was able to see it out of the windshield) I saw two fairly bright red dots.  They looked like stars but clearly were not, as they were a red to orange color.  They were spaced apart, maybe the length of a 12 inch ruler if one were to hold it out at arms length. I (a college educated stock broker) at first thought what I was seeing was seeing were airplanes, but both dots were stationary.  After about a minute, one of the dots abruptly disappeared.  The other dot stayed but slowly faded away to nothing.  I am not sure how long they were in the sky, we saw them only a minute, but they could have been there before (we had only just turned onto the road and saw them nearly immediately).  My wife (a college educated teacher) saw them as well.  My first thought was possible military flares, but we don’t have much military activity in this area of New Hampshire.  Since we were in the car, we were not able to hear if there was any noise accompanying the lights.;43.3001;-71.8326
Luminescent meteor-like object flying vertically;2017-01-17 09:53:00;5 seconds;Luminescent  meteor like object flying vertically At approximately 9:53 am EST on January 17th, 2017, I was traveling north bound on Interstate 89 in New Hampshire driving a vehicle.  My boss was riding in the passenger side of the car and also witnessed the event.  A bright light of white or silver light was traveling directly down from it's trajectory extremely fast.  This wasn't falling like an object dropped from the sky and wasn't on fire like a meteor typically would be from my experience.  My boss also acknowledged what we had seen.  The type of light it projected or reflected was bright white or silver white light.  Unfortunately I was in a company car and not my own so my dash cam was not with me.   The distance from the event was close and it wasn't very high in the sky.  For instance this wasn't thousands of feet in the sky.  It appeared to be within 2 or 3 miles at the most from where we were.  There was no contrail or smoke.  No sign of the object after it left the field of view.;43.3001;-71.8326
