Confirmation of Odessa, TX sighting in 1973;1973-07-07 18:00:00;1 hour;Confirmation of Odessa, TX sighting in 1973 I am filing this report in confirmation of the same sighting reported by my husband, ((name deleted)).  We lived west of Odessa, TX at the time.  My husband's grandmother (now deceased) called and asked to speak to Stanley. She said she wanted him to go outside and look at the UFO she had been watching that looked like it was close to our area. After talking to her we went outside and looked to our west. There was a huge, building size, silver, saucer shaped object with what looked like an upside down cereal bowl on top of it hovering in the sky about a mile from our house.  We had been outside just a few minutes when my brother-in-law, Jim (now deceased)and my sister-in-law, Georgia, screeched their car into our driveway to ask us if we had seen it.  We all looked at it for a few minutes and then Stanley and Jim decided to ride down the road and see if they could get close enough to tell anything about it. Georgia and I just sat there and watched it. It didn't move at all. it just appeared to be sitting over a radio tower. When Stanley and Jim came back to the house about 30 minutes later they told us that they stopped at the entrance to the dirt road leading to the radio tower because they were afraid if they went closer they might get picked up and taken on a ride they didn't want to take. We got the radio and tried to listen to the news and see if anyone else was reporting this or watching it. We finally found an announcer on KBZB radio station that was talking about all the static they were having on their radio transmission and how they were sending a trechnician out to the tower that was having trouble to see what as wrong. Stanley called the station and was asking where their tower was. The disc jockey was talking to him on the air and we could hear the whole conversation on the air while we were outside still watching the saucer. The disc jockey confirmed it was their tower where the saucer was. Stanley hung up and came back outside to watch. Almost an hour after we started watching it the saucer began to move toward the North. It made a turn that was a 90 degree angle and slowly moved off until it was gone. No flashing speed, just slowly drifting away.  The radio station had stopped broadcasting anything about it so Stanley called the disc jockey back and asked him why did they stop telling about it, what happened? The disc jockey told him that their  technician got to the tower and when he saw the size of the saucer over the tower he went into shock and left. He said they had to take him to the emergency room and get him medicated to calm him down. The disc jockey also told Stanley that he had been contacted by someone claiming to be with the federal government who told him if he didn't want the radio station to lose it's license and be shut down he better quit talking about what happened. He said he was told Just be Quiet about it.  But we were all there, and saw it happen before sundown on a bright, summer night. I had never seen anything like it, and don't know what it was for sure, but I know it was really there. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting event is approximate.  PD));31.8715091633466;-102.370052191235
The Odessa Event;1973-07-07 18:00:00;1 hour;The Odessa Event 100 ft diameter disk shape, dome top.  The color was stainless steel.  It made no sound.  I sent a report about the ufo in Odessa yesterday Sept. 12.  You sent an email back saying you want detailed information.  I said I was a slow typer, so my little sister said she would type the complete event.  I had worked real hard that day for the state highway dept. and I was tired, so I took a nap when I got home.  This was a clear summer day, and all the events occurred in the daylight.  My grandmother lived in the southwest part of the city of Odessa.  As I was taking a nap, she called my wife.  She said, have Stanley go out and look, because there is a ufo heading your way.  I lived west of town out in the country.  There weren't many houses out there at that time.  When I awoke, I sat and thought about it a minute, and thought my grandmother is very serious.  She doesn't tease.  I decided to get up and go outside and look for the ufo.  First I looked toward town and saw nothing, which would have been back toward the east.  Then I turned and looked toward the north and south and saw nothing.  When I turned and looked toward the west, there it was.  Above the radio tower, about 1 mile from my house.  My wife and I got very excited, because we knew it was probably an alien ship.  It made no sound.  About this time, my brother in law and big sister who lived about 2 streets over came flying around the corner in their car.  They were hollering out of their window as they approached, saying do you see it, do you see it?.  When they got out of their car, of course all four of us were excited, and I don't remember what we said at the moment.  We had no camera and they had no camera, and I ran to the neighbors house to borrow a camera and they weren't home.  Then as we watched it, we were all amazed and I said, wait a minute, I think that's a radio tower!  So I went to my car, I turned the radio on and started scanning all of the channels.  Then in our amazement, we came across a station, and my wife said it was KBZB, to the best of her memory.  But of course you have to realize this was about 32 years ago.  We were really shocked when we heard the disc jockey saying that they had a ufo above their radio tower causing static.  So we kept listening to his reports and watching the ufo, and I decided to go inside and look up the phone number of that radio station.  I did get the disc jockey, and I don't remember his name.  I did ask him if his radio tower was out on west university and he said, yes that's our radio tower.  I said, we're looking at the ufo that you're talking about.  I don't remember what else I said at the momet, but in a little while I hung up and went back outside with everybody else.  Already the ufo had been over the tower about 20 to 25 minutes.  My brother and law and I started having the discussion of driving to the ufo, which was about 1 mile from my house.  So we tried getting to the tower by going down different dirt roads and couldn't reach it from that direction.  So we drove to the main highway, which is west University and found a road which led to a little road which goes to the radio tower.  Whether or not the ufo would have interefered with the elctric system of the car, I do not know because we killed the car and stopped at the beginning of the little road that led to the ufo.  We were probably about a half mile, maybe a little farther, from the ufo.  The color of the ufo was a stainless steel.  My brother in law and I sat there and started having the discussion of whether or not to drive up to the ufo, which we could have done.  We actually decided not to drive under the ufo, because we thought we might get a flight we did not want.  I don't recall what we said during the time we sat there but gradually the ufo moved from the radio tower to the north, it made a 90 degree turn and drifted off toward the west, out of sight.  We drove back to my house and they were no longer reporting the ufo on the radio station.  I called the radio station again and got the same disc jockey and said, why did you stop reporting about the ufo, and he said that the government told them to shut it down or lose their license.  He said, I will tell you something else though.  Our electrician went out there to check on why we were having static, and when he got back he was so excited and disturbed that we had to take him to the hospital to get him a hypo to calm him down.  He said there were hyroglyphics on the bottom of the ufo.  So I hung up after that discussion and later on I called him back one more time and he said one of the t.v. stations had pictures of a ufo above the street lights on west university at night and the government confiscated their pictures and told them to be quite or lose their license.  He said that he didn't want to talk about it anymore, because he was afraid he would get in trouble.  This completes my version the best I remember of this event, and it is the truth.  There were five witness, and I have thier names and occupations on the original report. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting event is approximate.  PD));31.8715091633466;-102.370052191235
A 100 foot diameter,disk shape, dome top.The color was of stainless steel.It made no sound.This UFO came from the Odessa area, moved ou;1973-07-07 18:00:00;1 hour;A 100 foot diameter,disk shape, dome top. The color was of stainless steel.  It made no sound. This UFO came from the Odessa area,  moved out west of the city to where I lived.It went about a mile west of my house,it stopped and hovered above a radio tower.  My brother-in-law and myself drove to the road that leads to the radio tower. WE could have drove right to the UFO. WE were afraid we might get a flight we did not want. Gradually the UFO slowly moved north made a 90 degree turn and drifted off to the west untill it was out of sight.This all happened in the day time. There is a lot more to this event,concerning me calling the radio station while this was occurring and their electricion having to go to the hospital for a Hi-Po shot, but I am not a good typer. This event really occurred.    5-wittnesses,1 Grandmother,realter 2 Brother-In Law,welder 3 sister homemaker 4Wife.kennel work 5 I was a maintainence worker for the State Highway Department. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting event is approximate.  PD));31.8715091633466;-102.370052191235
In the summer of 1975 or 76 I had just gotten off work around 2:00 am. Went home and got into bed with my wife. I was lying there liste;1976-06-15 02:00:00;45 min;In the summer of 1975 or 76 I had just gotten off work around 2:00 am. Went home and got into bed with my wife. I was lying there listening to the radio when the disc jocky made a comment about a phone call of someone reporting a ufo around one of the parks that we lived close to. This stured my interest so I got out of bed and went into the front yard which faced the park in reference. At first look i only saw a light that appeared to be a bright star but of a bluewhite color. After several minutes of watching this one light which was constant, I noticed that it was moving in my direction, slowly. I would est. at this point it was about 300 to 500 ft. off the gound. Distance from the object to myself as a bullet would travel, I would say 1000 yards. It was northwest of my positon moving very slowly to the east. When it reached about 500 yards away it stoped, alt. was still the same. At this point I could make out a disc shape. Being in awh, I ran inside to wake my wife. At first she thought i had been drinking, but i was able to convince her to come and look. When we returned to the front yard I noticd that the object had begun to move in a southerly direction at a low rate of speed, estimated to be 5-10 mph. It continued to travel to the south until it's position was about 200 yards south of my front door which faced due west. It stopped again for several minutes then began to move north at the same rate of speed,  It traveled about 400 yards to the north and stopped again. It made the same trip again but stoping due west of my front yard, about half way of the trip it just made. This put it directly it front of me. My wife was shouting to get back in the house because the shape of the object was deffinetly clear at this point disc. It had one light on it which was on the bottom midship. It stayed at this position for quiet sometime. I had gone inside to get my deer rifle to use the scope for better vision, didnt work to good so i got my binoculars, this gave me much better vision of the ! object. I would say it was approx. 25'-30' in dia. disc shaped and appeared to have a port hole or window on the upper side of the object. What I didnt notice that it now was about 200 ft. of the ground moving straight toward me, its speed had slowed to only several mph. Its skin appeared to be metalic with a very low luster, it appeared to absorbe light rather than reflect it. There was absolutely no noise, no visual signs of proplusion,prop,engines, exhaust etc. No rotor blades, no vertical or horizonal stabelizers. To put it bluntly it was a flying saucer perfectly still 200 ft. over my house at 3:00am in the morning. At this point my wife totally lost it running back into the house. I was able to get her back out in the front yard to help me with the id so we wouldnt forget anything. After 10 min or so it began to move to the east again straight over my house, when it passed over us looking straight up at the object we felt a little sick to our stomachs and we felt like we were in a vaccuum. As it passed over our house we ran through the house into the back yard to continue watching. It continued for about 400 yards at this slow rate of speed when all of a sudden its speed went from a few mph to an unadentified speed which I can only relate to that of a meteror, tail and all. It traveled straight for a sec then started in an upward motion at about 45 deg. heading straight up then disappearing into the clouds. No noise, no light other than the one i have explained did we observe. The next day or two someone called the local newspaper and reported seeing the object at the park close to the ground. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));31.8715091633466;-102.370052191235
Additional info on round glowing white gliding object reported 11/06/2006;2006-11-08 19:35:00;10 seconds;Additional info on round glowing white gliding object reported 11/06/2006 My son, a student reported seeing this roung glowing white object that flew over his head last night at the time I posted here on this one. I just wanted to add my comments. I am his mother and I can vouvh for how scared he was when he ran in to tell me about what he had seen. I too have seen an object just as he decribed in April 1991 while sitting here on my front porch, it started up from the horizon and looked at first like a falling star but was falling up, came acroos the sky, directly overhead to the opposite horison in approx 15 seconds. When it was overhead it was about the size of a full moon, circular in shapr with a hint of being oglong, and was glowing all white, there were no lights or markings other than entire thing was a solid white glowing ball of light and was gliding fast across the sky. I will never forget it and what my son witnessed last night sounds EXACTLY the same as what I saw except when he saw it , it was about 100 ft off the ground and ion his words bigger than our house Our house is 24 ft wide and 28 ft long. I just wanted to add this since I read how alot of students were posting fictional reports. He is a student but would NEVER do such a thing and I was the one reporting it as he told me what happened. We were always believers but now we KNOW there is intelligent highly advanced life out there. No one will ever be able to tell us any different. I have told a couple family members and friends about both my experience and his and they laugh and one even said yeah and I saw Elvis last week too. Makes me so mad that people react in that way. I am not crazy, neither is my son, I know what I saw, and while I didnt see what he saw, I did see his face when he ran into the house too tell me and I can tell you this, he was telling me the truth. Its such an exciting and scary thing. Thank you for your time.;31.8715091633466;-102.370052191235
Silent Glowing white disc shaped object 100 foot off the ground;2006-11-08 19:35:00;10 seconds;Silent Glowing white disc shaped object 100 foot off the ground I was riding my dirt bike and chain came off, I was off fixing it when I saw a light out of the corner  of my eye and when I looked up it was already over my head, about 100 foot up in the airs bigger than my house which is 24 ft x 24 ft square, and glowing white. it made no noise at all and zoomed out of sight. Approxamatly 10 second from start to finish.;31.8715091633466;-102.370052191235
