a bunch of us were outside building a gazebo & working on the garden when i was on the roof of the gazebo taking a break... looking alm;1980-06-08 16:00:00;10 minutes!;a bunch of us were outside building a gazebo & working on the garden when i was on the roof of the gazebo taking a break... looking almost straight up while stretching i noticed a small distant but noticibly diamond shaped silver object glistening with the sun bouncing off of it, it was not moving, everyone else saw it , after a few minutes it shot straight up and dissapeared in the clear sky. we first thought it was a weather balloon but they dont shoot up and dissapear in a couple seconds!!! ill never forget that one either!!! see above description. if you want more info please e-mail me. the other people who saw it were all in the age of around 22-30 and also a couple kids/teenagers saw it too. this happened years ago around 1980 so i dont know where the other people are except a couple of their names are ((deleted)) and ((deleted)). we were not drinking and no drugs as we were a christian group. On a different story... a current airforce MP friend of mine was stationed at the air force in / near las vegas a couple of years ago (for two years) who told me/confirmed what an older ex-air force crew chief friend/ex-partner of mine told me. That there are a bunch of hollow mountains in Nevada near las vegas. The ex-crew chief told me that years ago he and the pilot/co-pilot were told/ordered to take off with some cargo but didnt know where they were going and would find out once they were enroute. He told me that they flew for hours and then received directions to fly to a certain coordinence (spelling) and they couldnt believe their eyes, they were instructed to fly into the side of a mountain, but when they got closer the side of the mountain opened up and they flew into the mountain and were told to not get out of the plane. the cargo was unloaded and they were told to leave. Ofcourse he told me to not tell anyone but i figured after all this time a bunch of people probably know about these hidden airstrips/bases in the mountains. Back to my friend the MP...he said he had clearance to go into the restricted areas of that secret base as he was a security/police and he has heard many people say that yes those hills/mountains are all hollow. One day a friend of his was taking a break in his humvee near a top secret building and a guy came out the door of this secret building and later the guy taking the break was taken to headqtrs and asked what he saw when the other man came out the door. he said nothing as it was to quick and he wasnt even paying attention but within 24 hours the airforce transfered him out of state and made him sign the 50 year i saw nothing paper this kinda stuff is exciting but i wonder what the heck our government is doing in those secret bases..i wouldnt be surprised probably.... so, has anyone/group ever tried to sneak-in to this area and take pictures etc.? dont we have a right to know whats going on? ofcourse we do!!! i will try to squeeze more neat stuff out of my buddy the MP. ((NUFORC Note:  The person who submitted this report indicated that it had occurred in Tucson, AR, suggesting the state of Arkansas.  However, in the body of the report, the person refers to Las Vegas,  and he/she indicates that the county was Pima.  Hence, we are uncertain where the alleged events actually took place.  However, we can find no listing for Tucson, Arkansas.  Please see other report for 08JA68, for which these comments also apply.));32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
Bright white with flashing red and blue lights ... no sound ... not moving.;2000-10-17 21:00:00;hours;Bright white with flashing red and blue lights ... no sound ... not moving. Object remains in same spot. Bright, bright white light with red and blue flashes. Was seen the other night in a different area of the sky. Observed with the naked eye and with binoculars. No sound. No movement. ((NUFORC Note:  Anonymous report.  We have no way to contact the witness for more information.  PD));32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
Diamond shape, with colored flashing lights and a strange noise.;2002-04-20 20:50:00;1-5 minutes;Diamond shape, with colored flashing lights and a strange noise. Diamond shape with different colors on edges flashing.  Kind of slow.  Faded off in distance.  Couldn't see too well because it was really dark.  Weird sound, like a car starting, maybe a little deeper.  Like a person humming really loud.;32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
Dual Diamond Swinging Kite Object(s);2005-03-25 16:30:00;30 seconds;Dual Diamond Swinging Kite Object(s) I've been trying to find out if there have ever been reports of the type of object we saw on the date above, and decided to file a report while I'm here since the event continues to perplex me to this day.  At about 4:30 in the afternoon on or about March 25 or 2005, my freind and I were out in my backyeard. I was sitting at my gold panning tub while he was looking into my side yard. My freind told me You need to check this out. I thought he was looking at some flaw on my roof or a cooler leak etc...I just made some joke about not wanting to see whatever it was.  Then he repeated in a rather puzzled but stern voice...No, I mean it, come here and check this out!  I got up reluctantly and asked what he was looking at. He said I'm not sure what the heck it is. I thought it was a parachutis in trouble but it just doesn't look right for that. He pointed in the general direction where he was looking. At first I didn't see anything, but then out from behind a tele pole I got my first glimpse of it. I tried to focus on ths object to tell what it was. Because of it's motion in the first few seconds of my seeing the object, I thought it was a kite. There appeared to be a tringular shaped object on top, with a smaller one below it. The lower craft appeared to be tethered to the upper, as it was moving back and forth in a pendulus swinging motion. Initially it looked like a kite. However after watching it a few more seconds it became apparent that whatever this was was moving across the sky far too fast for a kite busted off it's string. Also, the pendulus motion in a constant back and forth arc below the upper object was very precise and rythmic in pattern.  The movement is really what made the sighting eerie/odd/unexplainable as with each cycle of back and forth motion (8 o'clock to 4 o'clock), the object(s) paused, then elevated and began another swinging cycle. At the end of each back/forth cycle, it paused, and elevated. I observed this happen aout 4 or 5 times and then the oddest thing happened...the little object on the bottom went in a full circle all the way around the top object in a matter of a second. It started in it's normal 8 o'clock position, but then did a complete loop around the upper diamond object and stopped on a dime in the 4:00 position, and then began another back/forth swing.  I ran through the house as the trees in my neighbors yard were now in the path of the object. I jumped on top of my freind's truck to see if I could find the object again from my front yard but it was no where to be seen.  There was no sound, no lights. The onjects were perhaps shimmering a bit, but the odd thing is I'm not sure if that was from it's reflective qualities or a blur as the objects were never crisply defined in my sight. I recall really trying to focus on them because of this aspect of their appearance, but to no avail. I could tell they were diamon in shape, with the shorter axis of the diamonds at 12 and 6 o'clock. The objects seemed to be tan to dark grey and varied in hue over time.  My freind and I remain pretty convinced this was something that defies any objects we could think of that might exhibit this sort of free flight. Again, it was the precise period of the swing, the repetitive precision of the starting and stopping points of the swing, the vertical elevation in between each cycle, and the swiftness of the loop around the upper object with it's rapid halt that made this sighting truly bizzarre to us. It's the only thing I've ever seen in my 48 years that still has me scratching my head. I'm a bit mad that I didn't write everything down that day, as I struggle to recall if I actually saw a tehter, or if it was just the precision of the movement of the lower object that implied such a tether (sorry) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
Saw some lights in a cluster of lines and faded light, maybe some dot lights. Cluster similar to an uneven diamond.((anonymous report));2019-09-21 20:32:00;8 minutes;Saw some lights in a cluster of lines and faded light, maybe some dot lights.  Cluster similar to an uneven diamond shape.  Was heading from north tucson descending south while in backseat of a vehicle.  Cluster was the only thing in the sky.  No stars no planes.  Then saw some high clouds and lights then completely disappeared.;32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
