I am apparently being watched, because my family is from Roswell, NM.;1987-07-28 15:00:00;4 weeks;I am apparently being watched, because my family is from Roswell NM. I never knew anybody was taking official reports.  Sorry for the delay, I heard about you last week.  I've been telling this story to anybody with an interest.  There's more than one encounter, I'll start with the first one and keep adding.  I'm 62, this happened when I was 40, and it continued to happen.  My last encounter was 1991 and I sort of avoid being caught in this again. My family is from Roswell NM.  My grandfather's sister ((name deleted)) and her husband had a ranch there in the early 1900s.  My dad's family lived in Las Vegas NM.   My grandfather worked on the railroad there.  He died in an accident, and my father was 12, he went to live with his Aunt in Roswell.  He knew all the native American teenagers.  They all grew up together.  They took the horses to the mesas and camped out a lot. My dad used to visit every summer, he loved the desert, only he wouldn't drive at night.  The night desert spooked him.  My dad couldn't wear a watch, the hands would spin.  We sort of accepted that as a crazy thing, never paid much attention to it. While we were crossing the desert with my dad in 1954, I had an incident.  I was about 10.  We got to Gallup NM, and I bolted from the car and ran - My dad couldn't figure out what was wrong.  I was hysterical.  I remember it to this day.  There was a time gap, something like that - I couldn't account for missing time.  After my dad calmed me down, we got a hotel and stayed the night.  I'm telling you this, because in 1991, the exact same thing happened when I got near Gallup NM.  Only that time, my son was with me - and he remembers it. We got picked up in 1991 - we drove up a ramp or something, or thru a vortex, that looked exactly like Gallup NM - only the people weren't acting right.  They were acting - my son remembers passing the same landmark twice - and now he's 26, and he still remembers it.  We never talk about it, its pretty upsetting. The 1991 incident was like the final time - I kept getting picked - they were following me around - I was so used to it, I would just play dumb and hope that the time frame would move along - they're still watching me, but I have asked them please do not interfere with me or my family - I'm getting a little too old for this- we need to be as normal as possible. Back to 1987 - We were living in Los Angeles in 1984.  I had a strange feeling, like I was supposed to move to Tucson.  My cousin lived there, so we went to visit.  After we got home, I sold everything and we moved to Tucson.  Just pulled up and moved.  I got a job at the University of ARizona assisting the Dean.  I have a BA in Fine Arts, and I was a legal secretary for 20 years.  I'm also a music teacher. I understand mathematical principles and science, and was majoring in math, but I got bad headaches.  The math calculations would spin so fast, it gave me a headache.  So I switched to music.  I can hear music in my head - which really helps if you compose.  It's a fairly common skill among musicians. But somehow, this ability to hear and pick up sound, was meant for more than music.  I started picking up sound when I got to Tucson.  I could hear things and I would ask people, do you hear that?  They couldn't hear anything.  I heard a high pitched signal, like a transmitter.  My son can hear these high pitched signals too.  In fact, he used to hold his ears shut with his hands and refuse to go into places he could hear it. Either it was subliminal broadcasting, or I was listening to something else.  Tucson is a pretty strange place you understand, pretty close to the largest copper deposit in America - copper will pick signals up, I think. I was at the University for about 2 years, on and off, and I had a job working for an attorney.  In July 1987, I started picking up stronger signals at the university.  Like something was under the university property.  I worked in a basement laboratory for a professor.  I finally had to quit, I got dizzy and I couldn't concentrate. As soon as I quit, I started hearing the same signals in my apartment - and it got really strong.  I started freaking out - I lost my cool - and since my family has always been a little strange in the first place - I decided to would have a chat with whoever was signaling. I said, out loud Look, whoever you are, I'm a rational person, I don't talk to people who aren't there, who I can't see, so if you need to talk to me, you need to be really really clear, and it has to be something I can't miss.  So I tossed it out there - and apparently they heard me.  Because a few days later, I was losing sleep and becoming increasingly disoriented.   I fell asleep in the afternoon with the window open - and the next thing I know - a massive gust of wind came thru the window and slammed all the doors - and I could not open my eyes.  I could see without my eyes being open. I was on some planet and the temperature was below zero - everything was frozen solid - I could hear the sound of breaking glass, or high pitched bells, people talking - and I was unable to move.  I am highly analytical and I started making mental notes - trying to see on the sides -  And just like that, I was out of it.  I literally packed up my kids and told them to get in the car - and I started driving south on Interstate 19 south of Tucson.  I was shaking really bad.  All I knew is I wanted to get out of the apartment - I couldn't breathe and I was shaking really bad  A storm started rising up from the South, and started moving in - I got off the highway at Valencia - and turned left.  I was shaking so bad, I had to stop the car.  I told the kids to get out, while I calmed down. Somebody was standing right behind me - that I couldn't see, blowing on my neck.  I had the kids with me, and I was terrified.  We started walking, and we went a few blocks, and ended up in front of a bank.  It started raining, the kids were wondering what was going on.  I told them, go in the bank and sit down, I'll stay out here for a couple of seconds. As soon as the kids went in the bank, and I was standing there - the bank saw we were in distress and called the police.  The police came, talked to me, and I had to make something up - like I was tired -  Right about then, I looked like a lunatic.  My kids were really upset.  They called my husband at work - he works as a mathematician and engineer. While the police were standing there, the storm rolled in, two of the policemen touched me, and man, a huge bolt of lightening smacked me - and I saw the sun explode - and I thought - well, I must be dead..... The police looked at me, grabbed me again, and somebody took over my body and literally threw the police on the ground.  I guess touching is a no-no.  Then this voice goes do exactly as I tell you, we need to get you out of here. I guess I was on the wrong side  The police started acting really stangely.  A woman came out of the bank, and she stared at the police and said she's fine you need to go now - and they got in the car and left.  When did you ever see that happen.  Then she said come inside, do you need a glass of water?  All of a sudden, it all turned, now everybody wanted to get me a glass of water.  My husband showed up, he stared at me and the kids - and he tried to escort us home.  It just got crazier and crazier after that. Somebody started driving the car, and the kids and I had to go for a ride.  I wasn't me anymore - I was somebody else.  Whoever it was, beamed down here. After about a day of driving around, and running out of gas in the desert, the police found us again - and man I had some explaining to do after that.  My husband was furious.  I had to sit there and take it - and pretend I was nuts - I wasn't nuts.   I was trying to observe.  He was trying to show me something.  He explained things. When I said, well why are you telling me all this stuff, I'm nobody.  the answer was pretty much I had to wait about 25 years, and then there was a pretty good possibility that the information would end with me unless people were willing to listen.  Other than look like a nut, that's how it all started. The police transported me to a mental facility - and I had to sit there for 4 weeks looking like a nut case.  I went along with the whole thing.  While I was there, I had a little radio with a headset.  When I changed the batteries, the batteries drained in my hand.  That hasn't happened again. After 1987, nothing happened again until 1991 - I was driving across I-40, approaching Gallup NM, and the road just ended, there was another flash, and the road was back - only I was not in Gallup NM. I stop there all the time, whenever I drive to NM.  Chief Yellowhorse sits on the property - it's a sacred site.  I usually stop and go in, maybe get a drink and buy some jewelry - but most things are unspoken -  The university offered me an office position with the Mars project - but I turned it down and went back to Los Angeles.  If I knew what was going on, I could be much more straightforward. While I was in Los Angeles, I saw the black triangle craft with the red lights, just once.  It hovered over the San Fernando Valley - I think long enough for me to see it - then it left. The only other thing that was pretty spectacular, was a light show over Mesa Arizona around 1991 - it was a series of dots and dashes in blasts of color, that streamed across the sky and went directly over our apartment.  I got my husband and the neighbors, and we all stood there and watched.  It came from the direction of the airport, and the next day, the paper ran a story that somebody was fooling around with lights - and not to pay any attention to them. I have a lot to say, there's more, but that gives you a general idea of what happened.  I had problems going to Santa Fe NM a couple of years ago.  I told them, again,  I am not going to tolerate a repeat performance, so if you don't mind, I need you to back off!  And they respect my wishes, if you can believe that. We sort of have an understanding.  They're here if I need them to be here for any reason, which is sort of comforting, but I really don't want to go thru anything like that ever again unless it's part of scientific research and there's plenty of documentation and researchers on board.  I'm more than happy to walk any research team thru this, I'm just not going to chase them down.  They need to ask me and respect the territory.  I refuse to be treated like a nut job -  I just saw your Characteristics secion.  Yes, my car engine stopped and forced me to walk for miles in the desert.  Also, in 1987, on that date, (I am positive of the date)  tucson lost all electricity at the date and hour - all the electricity went out for about 15 minutes in an electrical storm - you would have to check the newspapers - but I'm sure that was the day -  The voice kept saying I'm turning off the power - apparently they can't get in unless the power is out -  There was also a lot of extremely loud car type horns - deep ones - blasting signals - it all happened so fast - and then the voice goes how's this?  He's a real sarcastic alien with a really great sense of humor - it's like jokes on me - It's like, human beings think they are so smart, and that just isn't the case.  We are really really stupid.  I came to terms with my stupidity years ago, and I guess that's appealing. I'm positive they were watching my dad and then me - this is a family thing - I am not even sure if we're from this planet - I'm starting to have my doubts seriously - this family is very very strange -  You won't be able to meet my oldest brother - but he looked exactly like an alien drawing - he was super tall and very thin and bony - he even scared me a little - He passed away a few years ago.  I guess our family was out in Roswell when that craft went down in 1947 - I was born in 1946 in California - at least that's what they tell me.  My birth certificate is from a hospital that doesn't exist anymore - and there are no photos of my mom being pregnant - she and I never got along much - it was mostly dad and myself. Well, if that isn't the strangest story you got in a long time, at least you were entertained.  I also see that you want to know if I agree to talk to an investigator.  Yes, you can do that, but don't do it over a phone. Email is better.  I can't talk by phone to anybody and depend on the conversation being confidential.  My ex husband works at the National Security Agency in Washington.  He monitors my phone calls - he hates me because I threw him out 30 years ago.  That's a whole other story.   I wish aliens would pick him up and keep him.  Much love.  ((name deleted));32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
I've seen a lot of lights in the sky, but never anything like this.;2006-11-07 18:00:00;10-15 seconds;I've seen a lot of lights in the sky, but never anything like this. I live in southwest Tucson, AZ. My house lies between the flight paths of Tucson International approach zone to the north and Davis-Monthan AFB flight zone to the Goldwater training range to the south-west. After 40 years of watching airplaines, you can easily tell the difference between an A-7 and an A-10 and a 747. Last night, on or near 7PM, my wife and I noticed three glowing red lights to the south, 15 degrees above the horizon. These lights were at approximately a 10 degree angle from the horizon. It first appeared as though an aircraft was approaching the house although there was no green light or strobe. It appeared stationary. A fourth red light appeared to the left of the craft, equi-distant from the others. As this light appeared, the light on the far right disappeared. This process repeated itself three times. All the lights then blinked out at the same time. Weather conditions were clear with high scattered clouds. The moon was full two nights ago but had not risen yet. My wife is a math teacher and I am a civil engineering designer.;32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
Ten minute stationary pulsating white light 80 degrees elevation 60 seconds between pulses 2000 MST.;2009-04-18 20:00:00;10min;Ten minute stationary pulsating white light 80 degrees elevation 60 seconds between pulses 2000 MST. Observed pulsating white light for approx 10 minutes about 8pm local MST.  Object pulsated at a rate of once every 60 seconds.  Location of light was on a line between star Regulus and planet Saturn and then about 4 degrees to the south.  Object remained stationary.  To high of an elevation approx 80 degrees to be a geosynchronous satellite and not an aircraft or orbiting satellite.  Possibly a pulsar but after 10 minutes it no longer flashed.  I have observed a similar flashing light in the same area of the sky in the past but don't recall details or time of year.;32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
This is a follow-up from last nights report. We again observed a light flash of ten repetitions each about 60 seconds apart in the same;2009-04-19 19:45:00;10min;This is a follow-up from last nights report.  We again observed a light flash of ten repetitions each about 60 seconds apart in the same part of the sky just south of the constellation Leo about 4 degrees south of a line between the star Regulus and the planet Saturn and a little closer to Regulus than Saturn. The object began flashing about 1945 MST and only flashed 10 times. This was 15 minutes earlier than the night before.;32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
This is a 3rd follow-up to the two previous nights reports. The same flash of light was seen south of the Leo constellation between the;2009-04-20 19:38:00;15 min;This is a 3rd follow-up to the two previous nights reports. The same flash of light was seen south of the Leo constellation between the star Regulus and the planet Saturn, observing with binoculars the light is closer to Regulas (about 2/3 of the way) but about 4 degrees to the south perpendicular to a line drawn between Saturn and Regulus, it is hard to determine whether the light moves during the observation period but appears to be farther north than two days earlier but less than 1-2 degrees.   For the last three nights it has been observed at a 15 minute earlier time in the evening.  The light flashes with a period of 60 seconds and only lasts for 10-15 minutes. It is possibly a satellite but is unusual in that it has very little motion across the sky and is at a very high azimuth from the horizon (approx 80 degrees), I would expect to see geosynchronous satellites at about 30 degrees azimuth from the horizon at this latitude.  I will try observing again tonight but it will probably be too light out at 7:15-7:30 local if the pattern continues of earlier nightly observations.;32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
White flash lighted up the sky over Tucson, Az 05/28/11.;2011-05-28 23:20:00;1 second;White flash lighted up the sky over Tucson, Az 05/28/11. On May 28th, 2011, at approximately 10:50 pm I was driving south on Country Club to meet my friend at a yogurt shop when I saw a white flash.  I presumed it was an intersection camera in front of me but when I went through the intersection there wasn’t a camera, I thought it may have been a security light I drove by coming on and didn’t think twice. At approximately 11:30 pm my friend and I were standing outside of the yogurt shop (BTO) that had closed at 11:00 pm talking.  I was facing south he was facing north when I saw the white flash again, very evidently from the sky this time.  It lit up the entire sky instantaneously without a trail or identifiable direction.  It was brightest in a streak however that had a southwest by northeast direction.  Like the gradients you see in PowerPoint  presentations, it was brightest down the middle and slightly darker along the edges ( the horizon). My friend, a pilot, said, What the hell was that?  I was stunned he saw it also because it was so quick and he was facing the opposite direction.  It was faster than a camera flash, without the residual blinding effect.  I said, You saw it to?!, and he also said he lit up the whole sky. There were no discernable aircraft, no discernable sounds, no trails or residual proof and this was located north of Davis-Monthan Airforce Base.  There were no clouds visible in the area as all the stars were clearly shining.   I have two Bachelor of Science degrees from the University of Arizona and I am two years away from my Doctorate degree.  I am well versed in scientific observations and while I wish I could provide more detailed information the event happened astonishingly quick, on the order of microseconds.  Had my pilot friend not been there in awe with me, I may not have believed I saw anything in the first place. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
Points of blue-white light, some with red, intermittently flashing on and off and streaking against the backdrop of mountains;2014-07-04 21:30:00;40 minutes intermittent;Points of blue-white light, some with red, intermittently flashing on and off and streaking against the backdrop of mountains Over a period of approximately 40 minutes, against the mountains immediately north of Tucson several episodes of flashing lights were seen.  Most were blue white, some had red with them.  Intermittently the lights flashed on and off.  Some streaked across the mountains and disappeared.  Some remained stationary and could be seen for several seconds.  Often there was nothing and then a series of lights flashed on.  Sometimes they were stationary but flashed on and off in the same position. Never have I seen anything like this.  My wife has more acute vision than I and said she saw that some lights flashing were dome shaped.  She also saw what she described as rays emanating from the red part of the light. The streaking lights moved very quickly across the mountains.  The view I had covered several miles.  When I called 911 to report this, I was told that earlier similar lights were seen on mountains slightly west of me called Putsch Ridge.  That area is not visible from my balcony.;32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
3 flashing objects near Casino del Sol.;2014-11-20 18:58:00;30 seconds;3 flashing objects near Casino del Sol. Near Casino del Sol, 3 flashing objects moving up and down very fast then leaving west of Tucson.;32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
Tucson, AZ: There were multiple bright flashes up above the atmosphere, the multiple flashes were at the same focal points in the sky.;2015-09-18 22:45:00;15 minutes;Tucson, AZ:  There were multiple bright flashes up above the atmosphere, the multiple flashes were at the same focal points in the sky. They looked as if they were controlled  explosionshowever there was no rythem or pattern except it has been happening for the past couple of nights between 2200 hrs through 0100hrs.   I was in the Air Force for 10 years and I thought 'star wars program,' but I do not know what or who could cause those type of flashes.;32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
6 long rectangular bright flashing lights appearing in one general area, moving west across the city.;2018-11-28 19:35:00;5 minutes;6 Long rectangular bright flashing lights appearing in one general area, moving west across the city. Was driving westbound in eastern Tucson.  Saw long rectangular flashing lights in sky above.  The flash would appear then appear again in a different spot.  Too short of time and too far apart to be helicopters or airplanes.  No sound.  It looked like multiple objects.   The objects moved west and kept flashing until it was too far to see.  The rapid flashing continued the same the entire time.  The only color of flash was white similar to an LED white color.;32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
Moving object with bright orange flare trailing behind it.;2020-03-31 02:00:00;5 seconds;Moving object with bright orange flare trailing behind it Was in bed, looking out the window trying to see Orion's Belt when there was a flash from a moving object.  It was moving rapidly, in an arc trajectory, there was a vehicle body whose shape was difficult to determine but the flash from the tail was longer than the object itself and was bright orange.  It disappeared out of view within seconds.;32.2474464114832;-110.926543221691
