green fireball going from east to west some green sparks given off,;1999-03-28 23:32:00;1.5 to 2 sec.;green fireball going from east to west some green sparks given off, one green ball traveling from east to west on a trajectory similar to that of a meteorite leaving a fairly short trail and emitting some small green sparks. event lasted about two seconds, I was looking directly at the area of the sky where it appeared when it appeared and saw the entire event. Skies were clear my view was unobstructed, the event was not blocked by buildings or horizon. I have had glimpses of green balls in this area before, but have never been looking directly at the area in question, and they have been in the north or south of me.;39.8954;-104.8813
These lights were not normal aircraft.;2014-01-13 18:00:00;25 minutes;These lights were not normal aircraft. Cannot confirm these objects were of ET origin, could have been military.  What I am sure of is that it was not a normal aircraft.   My friend and I are driving back from the gym to see 3 bright lights in the sky.  Also in the sky at varied distances were a multitude of helicopters and aircraft, these 3 lights were much larger and brighter than any other light in the sky.  They were twinkling much as a star would.  But again much larger and brighter than any other star in sight.  They were equally spaced apart all at different altitudes, forming a slanted line if the dots were connected.   As we drove closer (still far in the distance) the lowest of the lights descended to the horizon line.  As we continued to drive and get a better view, the two lights that remained higher projected smaller lights from them.  The highest one projected a small light that hovered above it, while the second remaining light projected a light that seemed to shoot to the higher light much as a shooting star would.  It is fair to say that my view of the second projected light was obscured.  But I saw the first projection with no obscurity.;39.8954;-104.8813
