Bright lights in triangle formation stationary in the sky;2013-12-12 18:25:00;4 minutes;Bright lights in triangle formation stationary in the sky On the evening of December 12, 2013, at 6:24 pm as I was driving home with a friend after work (I was in the passenger seat and not the one driving and we were driving eastbound on the main highway), I looked out to the right side (southern direction) and noticed 4 military flares being dropped, and I observed them descend at a relatively steady rate until they went below tree line and disappeared.  I have seen military flares being dropped before and there was no question that these were military flares being dropped from an aircraft.  This was not the actual sighting, but I wanted to note that this was a little unusual as I don’t see flares being dropped often personally. At 6:35pm, literally about 9 minutes after seeing the flares being dropped, I observed to my left side (which was in a northerly direction) 3 bright, stationary lights in the sky in a semi triangular formation, which I estimate were at around 15,000 feet elevation.  They were very high in the sky.  At this time I had pulled into a gas station and was stationary and not moving while at the same time observing these lights.  The only reason it had caught my attention was that I had never seen a formation of lights in this manner shining so brightly, not moving, and completely stationary.  The brightness could be compared to the star Sirius, which is considered one of the brightest stars in the sky at night.  At first I thought that these 3 stars were stars/planets, and I was trying to figure out what constellation it was.  About 4 minutes later, the 3 bright lights completely dematerialized and were gone.  I was not able to track them moving at all, they just vanished without ! any trail whatsoever and  disappeared. That area of the city where I had observed the lights has no tall structures or communications towers that could have been the source of the lights, and I was not able to observe any FAA lights that are mandatory for all aircraft in US airspace.  That area is completely level, and the mountains are much further to the west.  The simply appeared as stars in the sky, and then they just vanished.    At this moment I am unable to attribute this sighting as any natural phenomena, as the formation and the brightness of the lights, and then observing them dematerialize was, to me, anything but natural. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.8954;-104.8813
