Silver surfer ufo chased by 2 USA armed aircraft, in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada.;2007-06-03 21:00:00;10-15 minutes;Silver surfer ufo chased by 2 USA armed aircraft, in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada. A friend taking me for a drive in a newly purchased car, around the city of Sarnia, revealed  an unusual event.  The sky was nearly cloudless and bright blue at roughly 9pm.   Upon re-entering the city limits, an object flying low, about 500ft, was shining like a mirror as it came directly overhead of us.  My friend and I both wondered what it was and I suggested he stop the car, for a better look.  As we pulled off the road its speed was most noticeable.  I have seen ‘air shows’ and supersonic jets up close, this ‘silver surfer’ was amazingly fast.  A clear to view, pointed cigar shape went streaming bye with no sound but left a con-trail resembling ‘donuts on a rope’ at an even lower altitude from where it came.  The ‘mirror like’ ufo was slightly smaller than an F-16 in length. 	As my friend and I debated what it was, it reflected the setting suns bright pink coloring.  A perfect reflection, as it traveled NNE into darkness, east of Lake Huron.  We suddenly noticed two jet trails coming from Michigan which curved upward like bull horns, from the ground and headed directly over our heads, in a zig-zag pattern of pursuit.  The F-16 and F-15 were carrying weaponry under their wings clearly visible around 800 ft. OVER CANADIAN AIRSPACE. 	At the exact moment the 2 jets were audible, and directly above us, the F-15 broke formation and sped up in a straight pursuit path of the ufo (over country fields out of city). The jets moved like turtles compared to the ‘silver surfer’.  The ‘cigar shaped’ craft had left our view with such speed, it was only viewable for roughly 3 or 4 minutes.  However the jets took several minutes at their travel speed before leaving our view.  The event lasted about 10-15 min’s. 	This “ufo” had no wings, no tail, no windows, no markings, and no sound, yet it left a con-trail that appeared to be ‘sputtering out’ as low as 100ft from the ground.  We followed its con-trails direction of origin (about 1km) to the USA border, we then left the scene.  There were 2 visible con-trails tight together, leaving a series of uneven ‘mushroom puffs’ in its wake.  The ‘donuts on a rope’ contrails on ‘youtube’ appear identical.  However the con-trail appeared to be ‘stalling out’, leaving sections with no trail behind it, as though the ‘engines’ were being repeatedly shut ‘on’ and ‘off’, the entire time.  This was my first ufo sighting of 4 in total, in a 5 year period, each very different. As my friend and I joked of whether or not we were ‘at war’, I felt uneasy knowing 2 armed American fighter jets, were just scrambled from Michgan (Selfrige Air Force Base) and somehow had clearance to fly over Canada air space at the ‘drop of hat’ into the night sky that approached, only to disappear.  If 'they' had reason for such drastic actions in pursuit, to breach Canadian borders, someone (ie. a Canadian) must have given this order or allowed it.  The local papers said nothing about it.  A common occurrence in Sarnia, is to ignore everything that happens in Sarnia Aka Canadas Chemical Valley.  These are not ‘honest companies’ we have here, they’re 'trillionaires' who appear to produce nothing.  I see little activity compared to the scope and scale of this ‘Chemical industry’.  What are they working on?…..  One thing I’m sure of, that ‘silver surfer’ got a very close look at Michigan’s air force base and our chemical valley in 1 fly by.  Nothing stopped it.  Way to go government stooges -FAIL- ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.9820066225167;-82.3419920529802
