On this particular night my sister and I went out to our side porch to have a cigarette when she noticed something suddenly appear to t;1997-04-09 00:00:00;30 seconds;Summary : On this particular night my sister and I went out to our side porch to have a cigarette when she noticed something suddenly appear to the east.  An aircraft of some sort appeared suddenly, sped across the sky at an unbelievable rate of speed, and then vanished. My sister was the first to notice the object as she was scanning the sky to see if she could catch a glimpse of the Hale-Bopp comet, when she grabbed my arm and told me to look.  I glanced up at the sky towards the east and saw what I thought to be a small airplane taking off from the local Sarnia Airport.   The craft was probably only about 300 or so feet off the ground, well below the scattered clouds.  It flew slow at first, and I noticed a very bright white light, which looked like it was coming from the side of the craft due to it's direction.  The light flickered very quickly a few times, went out and then came back on.  It was flying quite slow at that time.  Then all of a sudden it accellerated, darted across the sky towards the west and Michigan untill we couldn't see it any more.  It looked to have four light type things, one at the front, back, and the side facing us.  The light at the side was a very bright white light, that looked like it was sort of pointed downward!  It was very loud and sounded like a gigantic jet engine roaring extremely loud.  The lights on the front and on the back were much dimmer, and looked to be green.  Judging by the lights on it, it looked to me like it was sort of round or had very short wings.  What I mean is that all the lights looked as though they were exactly the same distance apart giving it a square or circular looking shape.  As it flew further away from us there looked to be a cluster of about 20 small white lights giving off an enormous glare.  It looked like it was about the same size as a fighter plane would be.   Once whatever it was sped up it moved across the sky faster than anything I've seen and within about 15 seconds was too far away for us to see.  Neither my sister nor I have ever seen what we thought to be an alien craft or anything like that.  Particularly, I am a very logical and scientific person who needs to see something to really believe it.  I recently had an argument with a friend who was trying to convince me that there are such things as bearded ladies.  My arguement to her was that I would never be able to truly believe something like that unless I saw it with my own eyes in person, because how can you really know?  My point is that if I wouldn't have seen it with my own eyes, I never would have believed it.  I am usually very sceptical of UFO sightings and stuff on tv because the stories always have to many holes, and of course I had never seen one.  I have a 156 I.Q. and have always been thought of as very clear minded and mature far beyond my years.;42.9820066225167;-82.3419920529802
