I noticed a bright light moving in the sky to my left, or north, in and easterly direction, visible in a wide gap.;2016-04-09 21:15:00;50 seconds;At approximately 21:15 hours tonight (Saturday, April 9, 2016) I took my dog outside for a break.  We live in an area free of light contamination, visibility unlimited.  The weather is clear and mild.  I noticed a bright light moving in the sky to my left, or north, in and easterly direction, visible in a wide gap between large conifers near our house.  It was moving at a rate that would be consistent with a low-flying small airplane.  There were no running lights, just a bright steady light.  I instantly realized it was an unusual light and quickly called my wife outside.  As I turned back to continue watching, as my wife came out to see, I realized there were two lights.  I pointed out the second one to her.  If this had been a small aircraft at 5,000 to 7,000 feet, we would have easily heard engine noise.  I can't make a good guess of altitude, as there was no way to compare it to anything at the time. The first object I saw was the brighter and larger of the two.  It was slightly brighter than Jupiter is tonight.  My wife and I ran to the east about forty feet to get beyond the trees which were blocking our view momentarily.  She comment that the brighter light seemed to have a shape.  I said it had an angular look and she said, Like a boomerang, to which I replied, Or a crescent shape.  The color of the brighter object had a  very slight a warm hue, the dimmer object appeared white.  We both watched as the two lights continued eastward at a steady rate, then disappeared behind the peaks of Prater Mountain.  Total elapsed time was about fifty seconds.  Total degree of travel, approximately WNW to ENE from the time I first saw them is about eighty degrees of sky, from my left to my right. The brightest object was about twenty to twenty-five degrees off the horizon.  The dimmer smaller object was closer to thirty degrees off the horizon. The two were separated by approximately three degrees horizontal and five degrees in a downward angle of fifty degrees, the brighter being below and to the right of the dimmer light.  They maintained the same relationship as they moved.  There was absolutely no sound. I grew up living near three air bases and a major civilian airport, and am familiar with many types of aircraft.  My father was a night sky watcher, a veteran navigator in the U.S. Army Air Corps during WWII.  I spent many hours outside with him and our amateur astronomer neighbor watching the skies over Northern California from 1955 to the late 1960s. I have seen many, many aerial phenomena in the skies over Montana and Idaho, and these two objects were certainly among the most interesting.  My wife and I are in our early sixties, college educated in science (wife) and engineering and art (myself).;48.1667;-116.9008
