Whitish Cylinder Object during Chemtrail Spraying Activity;2007-02-18 14:30:00;2 minutes;Whitish Cylinder Object during Chemtrail Spraying Activity Yesterday, beginning at around 10:45 a.m., and while driving to a Home Depot, I noticed unusual contrail formations in one part of an otherwise clear sky.  To make a long story short, after I arrived back home, I ended up spending the next 6 hour’s watching what started as a unusually warm, beautiful day with a cloudless clear sky, transformed by a massive amount of airplane fly-bys that were emitting what at first looked like contrails. However the contrails never disappeared. They just billowed out until they eventually looked like wispy thin cloud coverings in various shapes. By the end of this 6-hour period, these things were everywhere I could see. Two or 3 hours into watching the chemtrails develop and the continuous planes crossing the sky, a flash caught my eye and focused my attention on a:  1. Solid object 2. Fat and short cylinder-like (kind of barrel shaped perhaps)--no protrusions or propellers or anything else that I could see. 2. Whitish  3. Hovered in place for ~ 2 minutes (I could tell it wasn't moving because it's distance didn't change from the chemtrail it was somewhat near). 4. After ~ 2 minutes, it started moving and went behind one of the chemtrails..at which point I could no longer see it. 5.  No lights  6.  No sound 7.  No contrail  Though I have no way to tell how large it was since it was fairly high in the sky, I got the sense that if I was standing next to it, it would have been the size of a car.  Nothing to base that on except my impression though.  Quite unremarkable other than it hovered in place for ~2 minutes and then moved at will. Even though there were countless planes going through the general vicinity during that 6 hour time period, this was not a plane or helicopter by any stretch of the imagination.  Because I had camera in hand already (I took over 30 pictures of the chemtrails during my 6-hour skywatching), I attempted to take pictures of the object.  It turned out really small and when I blew it up enough to be able to see it on the picture, it pixilates beyond recognition.;46.2247294023491;-119.17118537887
cylinder objects, glowing moon size lights, hundreds of tiny lights bouncing around house;2007-10-13 22:00:00;hours;cylinder objects, glowing moon size lights, hundreds of tiny lights bouncing around house Okay it began with the clouds covering the sky than a light lit up under the clouds, but was black outside of the shape which was a bout an acre large.. First I saw the cylinder shaped object in the sky, with no lights moving around the outside of the clouds.. Than we saw a huge glowing light which I would say was about the size of the moon. It was moving very quickly towards us, but in no actual pattern, almost as if in a circular motion.. We went inside.. At four am my infant woke me playing, I took child into kitchen to get water, child tried to go towards back porch and cooed like it was playing with something and thats when I looked, it was lots of little red lights bouncing around our windows of the whole house.. (We live in the middle of no where, so lights at all are odd, but that many and on my second floor was very odd.) I got scared and went back to bed...  Am only writing because I see these cylinder things on a weekly basis, and we see large glowing single lights that move circular in the sky regulary too. Am wondering if the cylinder objects may belong to the military, but am positive the lights are of unknown orgin..;46.2247294023491;-119.17118537887
