Pulsating white light that disappeared like a vapor.;1996-09-12 15:35:00;4 min. approx.;Pulsating white light that disappeared like a vapor. It was the end of a work day (a Thursday or Friday, as I recall) and I was carpooling with another fellow from nearby Benton City, where we both lived at the time. We were driving along a long and relatively straight stretch of road near the Columbia River, headed toward the West. In the distance, staright ahead of us, was a slowly pulsating white light, to the left of a mountain in the area. At first I thought it was the headlights of a plane approaching for a landing at one of the area airports. When the object never moved for well over a full minute, I called my friend's attention to it and we continued to watch for at least another two minutes. Still the object held motionless, but continued to pulsate, at about 4-6 seconds per cycle, I would guess.  We both thought this very odd and were sure it could be no plane, when we got an added shock as the final pulse seemed to enlarge and disspate, as if a puff of smoke had been spread from a central point and then vanished. We did not see this again, but the following Monday, a few days later, he told me of a trip he and his girlfriend had taken over the weekend, toward Prosser, a neighboring city to the West. He reported that they had both witnessed the same type of event again.  I do know that another friend and at least one of my wife's family have seen unusual occurences in this vicinity, as well. And one, at very close range, many years ago when she was a child..;46.2247294023491;-119.17118537887
Six cloverleaf shaped craft seen exiting a thunderstorm moving south at a high rate of speed;2001-06-27 17:30:00;Five Minutes;Six cloverleaf shaped craft seen exiting a thunderstorm moving south at a high rate of speed I saw the first object through the window.  My first impression was that I was seeing a cluster of balloons, but there was something strange about it.  Then I noticed two more clusters and stepped outside.  It was then that I noticed each cluster consisted of four thin disks connected to one another in a cloverleaf type pattern.  They were moving at a high rate of speed, faster than a jetliner would travel, from out of the thunderstorm to the northwest (the direction of Yakima)and into the blue sky to the southeast(toward Pendleton).  They were flying at the same level the clouds were sitting, I'd say 20,000 ft and apeared to fly aerodynamically, banking side to side and turning (not rotating) but continuing on the same flight path.  The three were in a staggered trailing formation, maybe a couple miles of separation but not a uniformed distance from one to the other.  They were traveling the same speed however.  I went inside and grabbed a pair of binoculars, when I came back out the first three were out of visual range but there were two more just coming out of the storm.  I was able to focus in on one and got a good look.  It kept banking back and forth in a side to side motion, it almost appeared like it was having fun doing whatever it was doing.  Maybe it was fighting the wind from the storm.  I didn't notice any decernable surface feautures, it appreared to be a uniform grey color, no nozzles, intakes, exhaust, windows, control surfaces, or lights.  It was flat and smooth.  At the flight level it was flying it looked about the size of a large private plane or a small business class jet, but moving much faster.  I watched it thought the binoculars until it disappeared behind the hills in the distance.  It covered the distance, thunderstorm to horizon in about one minute.  I continued to look in the direction they had been coming but didn't see anything.  I called my husband outside just as another one appeared from out of the storm.  It flew in the same direction but the path was further south th! an the r est.  By the time he saw it, it was too far away to make out anything other than a dot.;46.2247294023491;-119.17118537887
VERY large aircraft flying low, slow, and silently.;2010-07-13 21:30:00;5 minutes;VERY large aircraft flying low, slow, and silently. I walked about 20 yards from my semi-rural house to turn on the irrigation to my windbreak trees for the night.  After throwing the valve, I looked up at the night sky and saw an amazing array of lights moving from the southwest to the northeast over our neighbor’s alfalfa field, approximately 400 yds away and only 100 to 200 feet off the ground.   Four things struck me at once:  this thing was HUGE, slow, low and absolutely silent. I saw six white lights in a straight horizontal line, plus there was one blinking, smaller red light above the far-right light.  At my relatively close range, I estimated the thing at two to three football fields wide.  I’ve never seen anything flying remotely as big as this, in my life, or heard of any plane so large.  The whole array was moving very slowly, maybe 15-30 mph.  I had the feeling I was looking at the trailing edge of a huge wing, or perhaps the edge of a disc.   It moved slowly along its trajectory, headed towards town, where there is an airport. I thought:  If this is a plane coming in to land, it’s gigantic, must be some secret government job, but why is it silent and illegally (and dangerously) low?   As it moved along,  the bulk of my barn blocked it out, so I walked rapidly to the other side of the barn, towards town, and there it was again, following its course, and I watched it disappear over the hill, with no change in the light array. Very quiet, very low, very slow, VERY large. The next day I told my brother about it, and he told his son, who happened to see the same thing, with eight witnesses, 15 minutes after I did.  My nephew only saw four white lights in horizontal array, and guessed it was two craft flying in formation, but like me, wondered why they were so low, so slow, and dead silent.  He said they seemed to meet up with another, smaller, moving, bluish-colored light, and then turned from their course and moved towards the southeast and that when they did, super-bright lights flashed for an instant, like a prism turning, and then they moved slowly out of sight. I hold ((deleted)) degrees in ((deleted--arts and sciences)), including ((deleted--multiple degrees)) from the University of ((deleted)), and a ((deleted--advanced degree from prestigious overseas university)).   I have never seen anything like this in my life it took me aback for an instant, but then I rapidly started to catalog and process what I was seeing.  I have an open mind towards unusual phenomena, and believe that the unexplained represents a major frontier for science. For what it’s worth, I live within 10 miles of the Hanford Nuclear Reservation, now undergoing cleanup, where eight or nine deactivated plutonium production reactors, and one live power-generating reactor, sit in a row along the Columbia River.   On another front, the first crop circle in the USA occurred within 5 miles of my house, and very near the flight path of whatever it was I saw.;46.2247294023491;-119.17118537887
Long line of lights seen above Thompson Hill in Kennewick, Washington;2012-08-21 21:45:00;30 seconds;Long line of lights seen above Thompson Hill in Kennewick, Washington In Kennewick, Washington on 9/21/12 at 21:45, I was driving up Taft Street by my house when I saw a blinking light above Thompson Hill.  I thought nothing of it at first, assuming it was just a radio tower or a windmill.  However it then occurred to me that there are no structures such as radio towers or windmills on Thompson Hill.  Additionally, I then noticed that there was not just one blinking light but rather an entire line of lights.  Some of these lights were blinking like you would see on the bottom of an airplane however some were regular lights.  This line of lights had to be at least one block long.  The lights appeared to be hovering above the hill but moving at a moderate speed heading east. I rolled down my car window to listen for any sounds but I heard nothing.  By now my jaw was on the floor. I was trying to describe what I was seeing to my girlfriend who I was on the phone with at the time of this sighting but I was too awestruck to even put it in words.  I continued to drive east along 20th street to follow these lights but they disappeared behind the hill.  However as the lights were disappearing behind the hill I thought I noticed a triangular shape in the middle of this long line but I cannot be sure.  By the time I got to a nearby vantage point where I could see the entire city, the lights were nowhere to be seen.  I have been trying to decide if there is any chance this could have been an airplane or helicopter but I don’t see how it could have been.  There was no sound, the object was way larger than any commercial airplane or helicopter and the object appeared to be hovering, not flying like an airplane would.;46.2247294023491;-119.17118537887
We saw on Wed March 11 at 9:45 pm in Kennewick a group of red lights heading E in the sky.. at first we thought that's  weird planes.;2020-03-12 09:30:00;~6 minutes;We saw on Wed March 11 at 9:45 pm in Kennewick a group of red lights heading east in the sky.. at first we thought that's  weird planes flying at night...there was no sound....when we focused our eyes it looked like a huge Hexagonal shape going slowly.  It was huge.  I ran out outside and it lit up the lower part of the sky and was gone.   I've been trying to find any one who saw anything on this night;46.2247294023491;-119.17118537887
