A hovering light in the sky that was too big and bright to be a star or planet. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus in eastern sky?? PD));2007-09-30 04:15:00;Still happening;A hovering light in the sky that was too big and bright to be a star or planet, and moved slowly in various directions. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus in eastern sky??  It is very prominent, currently, at this time of morning.  PD)) My brother and I were driving home from Wal-Mart at 4:04 in the morning. While on the off-ramp leading to the road back to our house, we looked up at the sky and noticed a very large yellowish-white object in the sky, too big and bright to be a star. While we were stopped at the red light at the end of the off-ramp, we also noticed it was moving slowly to the left. Since planets do not move that quickly from a point of view on Earth, we also knew it wasn't a planet. When viewed with the naked eye, we even noticed wing-shaped protrusions. I though it looked like a phoenix.  When we finally arrived home, we could no longer see the object through the tall trees, so we had to walk down the road to view the craft with a pair of binoculars. We stood there for 20-30 minutes watching the craft. We noticed that it had a flashing red light on its underside, and had a faintly visible flashing red dot moving around it. We are not sure whether or not this was another craft, but if it is, we believe the larger craft is a mother ship. The large craft also had a starburst light pattern around it, which did not twinkle, indicating that this was definitely not a star. While we watched it, it stayed still for the majority of the time, but every now and then, it would noticeably move to the left, to the right, up a little, and further away...and at one point, closer to us. It also occasionally changed shape.  We walked back to the house at about 4:30, and noted that it was much higher up in the sky now we could see it over the treetops while standing next to the house. It was also moving much more frequently, and slightly more quickly. At approximately 4:56, I ran into the house to wake my mother up to show her the craft. At approximately 5:20, after my mother and brother had gone back into the house, I noticed that the red dot that was flying around the object had flown into the object, and a dim blue light flew out in its place. The craft is still out there right now.;34.0071952380952;-85.9432583333332
