A single bright white dot appeared, remained stationary for fraction of second, then shot off at incredible speed in a stream of light;2012-01-03 17:50:00;2-3 seconds;A single bright white dot appeared, remained stationary for fraction of second, then shot off at incredible speed in a stream of light I was standing outside in a church parking lot talking to a friend on the phone, facing West / Southwest and staring at a bright star or planet (possibly Venus ?) and also observing what I believed to be two planes that were slowly crossing the sky and blinking. One appeared much higher and further off than the other and was hardly moving. The closer plane appeared as a small alternating blinking green/red lights so I assume it was also far away, and it was moving at a slow pace and seemed to be moving in a North or Northwest direction. Suddenly, a small circular dot of very bright white light appeared, seemingly out of nowhere - it did not move in from any direction. It appeared slightly above and in between the two flying objects/helicopters I had been observing. It remained stationary for a fraction of a second, then quickly shot off at an amazing speed in the opposite direction of the lower flying object/helicopter and into a cloud. It seemed to be traveling in a South East direction. The cloud appeared to light up with a white light as the UFO went behind it. It traveled so fast that when it shot off, it only appeared as a stream of bright white light with just a hint of blue color to it. I commented to the person I was speaking on the phone with that I couldn't believe what I had just seen, and described it to them. I watched for several minutes waiting for the UFO to fly out of the cloud but never saw it exit the cloud. I feel it's worth noting that I saw this UFO in the same community where I live and there is also a Defense Mapping compound located there. (The compound does not have an airport or landing strip - it's not large enough, however I believe it does have a helicopter landing pad.) We frequently have low flying military planes and helicopters flying overhead in this area at all times of the day and night, which we've chocked up to the Defense Mapping compound very near our home. The military air traffic has picked up significantly in the last year and we're not sure why (they don't publicize that the air traffic is related to the Defense Mapping compound or anything else about the compound, which is private and guarded, but most in the community are aware of it and aware of the unusual air traffic in an otherwise very small suburban town). There's also hospital approximately 8-10 miles away that receives airlift patients. We are very used to seeing and are familiar with planes a! nd helicopters flying overhead, day and night, at varying distances, but I've never seen anything appear like this UFO did or move at a fraction of the incredible speed or behave the way this UFO did. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.4525483134914;-90.3318194444446
Blue orb hovered over a tree, 2 doors down from my house in Arnold, MO;2012-06-22 01:20:00;10 minutes;Blue orb hovered over a tree, 2 doors down from my house in Arnold, MO I was up late, as usual.  I often look out my back window at an intriguing light that I see in the distance regularly.  Sometimes it is there, other times it is not. Last night, it was there, so I watched it out my deck door.  As I watched it, it started moving closer, and fast.  It came al the way to my neightbor's house, two doors down.  It hovered over the tree.  It was a huge blue starlight orb.  It had fuzzy edges that almost appeared as a fiberoptic matter.  It stayed over the tree. It made no sounds.  It didn't really flash lights, but the whole item appeared as one HUGE light orb...with twinkly edges. It was about the size of the top of the massive tree.  When it started moving, I ran to look out of my front window.  My visibility is awful, and I didn't see it, but I did see the reflection of flashing lights on the house across the street. I also saw what appeared to be a bunch of lights, similar the this one in the distance, all moving jaggedly--there were about 5 others straight ahead and small and distant. This morning, the tree top was a bit brown, and not green like the rest of the tree. I am not sure if this is related, or not--but this morning, my garage door closed itself.  Also, I had a V-shape in dust on my hood and strange handprints all over my car--not sure if this was related, or not--when you see what I saw, you begin to believe in anything being possible.  I took pics of the dust marks on my car...I will email them. I googled the sighting, but found no others like mine--however, there was a helicopter (this afternoon)hovering in the same path as the object was last night, over the tree and where it came from.;38.4525483134914;-90.3318194444446
Two bright lights sit in sky at strange position then disappear, Arnold, MO.;2017-10-18 19:15:00;1-2 minutes;Two bright lights sit in sky at strange position then disappear, Arnold, MO. It was about 7:15pm Wed Oct 18th.  I picked my daughter up from work and we were headed back to our house.  Our neighborhood is in a pretty populated area of town.  Our street is dark though, it's a small road leading into our neighborhood and it sits up high on a hill overlooking the rest of the town.   I turned left into the subdivision we can see down a large hill and lots of sky.  It is a great spot, very open and expansive.  The reason I explain all of this is to show that I have a great view of alot of sky at this vantage point.  It was very dark at this time, no moon there is airplane and helicopter traffic out in the distance, that is normal so I didn't at first think to much of it.   But what caught my eye that made me stop in the middle of the street was two round very super bright lights in the sky to my left.  They were just sitting there at a strange angle.  Not a normal angle though, not a star or plane, they two were completely stationary.  My daughter is 17, I said don't those lights look super odd.  She agreed and added that it almost looked like there was a circle around them.  I am now kicking myself for not grabbing my phone, we both were almost frozen looking at these lights.   I scanned the sky nothing was moving around it.  Then all of a sudden the best way I can describe this is the two anglular lights moved away from us.  Like they slowly disappeared into the sky.  As to explain like it took off slowly but was enveloped by the sky.  It did not go left or right or at any angle but forward into the dark.  I hope I have described what I saw well.  Was it quick? but felt like an eternity.  We both were screaming how it was disappearing.  Then it was gone.  We sat there for another minute and I looked all over the sky, but didn't see anything else.  I will never forget it!   Thank you for letting me share.  Also the circle part I referred too was very very light could not make out that well.;38.4525483134914;-90.3318194444446
