Strange Formation;2009-01-03 20:00:00;An hour +;Strange Formation To whom it may concern,  My account of the said unidentified flying objects are true and accurate. I am a transportation specialist specializing in the transportation of life sustaining, essential goods. Supplying key cities in the United States. I was returning from the southern portion of Virginia, to my home in New York. I was traveling northbound on interstate 81, through Winchester Va. On the north-side of Winchester, away from the city lights the road gets dark at night. I was listening to the radio when my phone rang, as I picked up the phone I happened to look to the west side of the interstate and when I did I was shocked and awed. There was a formation over the distant mountain. A triangle shaped formation was flying towards me. It immediately caught my attention because of the sensitivity of the cargo that I had on-board. There was a triangle formation with another light perpendicular to the lead light. The size of the formation was enormous. I also noticed before I decided to report this, that others in the area reported the same sighting. The formation then seemed to travel northbound, staying perfectly above the mountain and following the interstate. I first saw the formation in Winchester, Va, and watched it the entire way to north of Carlisle, PA. Between Mechanicsburg, Pa and Harrisburg, Pa is where I lost site of the formation. I saw the exact same formation on U.F.O. hunters on the History channel, a month later. These were clearly not man made craft as the maneuvers they performed were impossible to achieve in modern aircraft. We don't have anything that can stop in mid - air and make a 90 degree turn. Horizontally or laterally. Thus the question remains. What the heck were these things?;39.1804814606742;-78.2100606741573
Red lights, appeared stationary in sky over Valley Avenue, Winchester,Va;2014-01-31 00:00:00;3 minutes;Red lights, appeared stationary in sky over Valley Avenue, Winchester,Va Object appeared to be what looked like fireballs in the sky.  The closer we got to the lights we began to realize that the lights were rowed and stationary in the sky, not moving at all.  There was no sound.  We seen this in an area with no light towers.  The object appeared to be larger than a football feild in length and width.  After a few seconds of looking at it, the lights seemed to seperate in a way.  They became still again, almost as if moving into another formation entirely.  After a few more seconds they began moving and what seemed to be disappearing into the sky until there was a single light left and then that light was gone as well.  The object seemed massive and had no sound to it at all.  It was confusing when the lights separated because they seemed to be in perfect lines when we first seen it in the sky.;39.1804814606742;-78.2100606741573
