Lights in the sky, discernible object.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Jupiter and Venus.  Photo is conclusive.  PD));2012-03-11 21:30:00;45 minutes;Lights in the sky, discernible object. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Jupiter and Venus.  Photo is conclusive.  PD)) Around 20:55 last night I received a text message from my father with an image file.  In the image I could see the street he resides on and in the sky there were two distinct lights.  He informed me that the lights had hovered into the area and had remained there for ten minutes or so. I arrived at his house at 2110, and looked at the object through a pair of binoculars. There were two primary lights that could be seen with the naked eye, and a faint oval or cigar shape behind the lights.  The lights and outline of the object were in front of a group of clouds, therefore safe to assume that it was in our atmosphere. We continued observing for another ten minutes and began taking photos. The object remained North-West/West of our position as we observed it.  My wife and I got in my truck and decided to head in that direction for a closer look. We took the main road out of my parent’s neighborhood going southbound.  My wife commented that the object remained in her window until a building blocked her view.  Once reaching a stop sign where I was going to turn north-west to get a better look at the object, I noticed it had appeared at my 12 o'clock.  The object had moved to a Southern location and neither my wife nor I even registered it had moved.  When I turned onto the road we saw it for another ten to fifteen seconds before it vanished.  I called my father to see if he had eyes on the object from his porch. He reported that he had no visual either. Witnesses and brief backgrounds:  ((name deleted)) (Me): Former Infantryman, US army, (honorably discharged, serving with the SC Guard now) currently employed as a Security guard. ((name deleted)): My wife. She is a Waitress at a local ((deleted/restaurant)). Originally from Wisconsin ((name deleted)): My father. He is currently employed by ((public facility)). ((name deleted)): My mother. Currently employed as ((deleted/local institution)) is an ((deleted)) of ((deleted/institution)) ((name deleted)): My son.  He's ((age deleted)) old and probably won't be able to divulge much information.;34.7843;-82.3029999999999
