A white cylindrical object apparently without wings flew from SSE to NNW and I took a very good picture of it.;2005-06-23 20:00:00;15 seconds;A white cylindrical object apparently without wings flew from SSE to NNW and I took a very good picture of it. On June 23, 2005 at approximately 7:00PM my twelve year old son and I had walked to the lake shore for him to play while I took several pictures with my Fujifilm FinePix 2800 digital camera.  The sky was mostly clear but the wind was approximately 15MPH.  At exactly 8:00PM (according to the time on the pictures I took) I heard what sounded like a jet, and I looked for a few seconds for it (direction of sound was somewhat difficult to ascertain due to the wind and the waves by the lake shore) before I spotted what I assume was the source of the sound.  The object appeared to my naked eye to be white and cylindrical without wings and flew from south-southeast to north-northwest in a straight line at a speed that didn't seem unusually fast or slow for a jet, and I believe it was lower than most of the jets I see in the area because I could see it fairly well with my eyes and it was clearly visible.  Barksdale AFB and the Shreveport Regional airport are east of my location approximately 60 miles and most jets I see travel from west to east or east to west in this area and I've taken a number of pictures of them as well.  The object did not produce a contrail nor exhibit any unusual behavior other than appearing to fly without wings.  I attempted to take three pictures of the object (zoomed at 6X at 2 megapixels), the first of which turned out very good and clear and verified that no wings were visible.  The second picture was focused on the tree tops and the object was blurry and washed out, and by the time I took the third picture I believe the object had disappeared behind the trees.  From the time I first spotted the object to the time it disappeared was approximately fifteen seconds.  My son continued playing and did not see the object, though he heard the sound of a jet engine.;32.8477;-94.5793
I saw a white cylindrical object—the same I saw and reported on 6/23/05—and got two photos of it.;2005-07-20 19:54:00;20 seconds;I saw a white cylindrical object—the same I saw and reported on 6/23/05—and got two photos of it. On 7/20/05 I was at the lake (Lake o' the Pines, Texas) photographing the unusual numbers of jets that were flying over our area that evening.  I was taking a few of a passenger jet flying from west to east and I heard what I thought was another flying off to my east.  As soon as the passenger jet disappeared from my view into the treeline I turned around and spotted the source of the sound to my east, and I don't believe it was a jet because it had no wings, though it sounded like one.  I am certain it's the same object I photographed on 6/23/05  ( http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/044/S44577.html ) as it is the same color, has what looks to be an indention or band in the center, and the rear seems to have a bit of a hump.  The object was flying roughly from south to north again and was to my east northeast by the time I took these photographs of it.  It was low again (maybe 10,000 feet) and moving fairly slowly (I would guess 200-250 MPH) and seemed to fly in a straight path.  I didn't notice any lights or any other strange behavior.  The time was 7:54PM according to the two pictures I took of it.  My camera is a Fujufilm 2800 (2 megapixel) and I was zoomed to 6X optically.  I have since done some searching and found a fairly complete list of drones, UAVs (unmanned aerial vehicles), rockets, and missiles used by the US military in the past and present complete with pictures, and have found no pictures that matched this object ( http://www.designation-systems.net/dusrm/ ).  The two pictures I took of it will follow via email.;32.8477;-94.5793
