MUFON/COLORADO REPORT:  Silvery/white sphere seen moving in a mostly clear blue sky at about 6:30PM;2003-06-21 18:33:00;5-6 minutes;Silvery/white sphere seen moving in a mostly clear blue sky at about 6:30PM I am a MUFON member and work as a security guard here in Vail.  I had gotten home from work at about 6:30PM and was going back to my truck to get something when I spotted the object.  I have had UFO sightings before and often scan the skies.  The object appeared silvery/white in color and was about the size of a 1/8 BB at arms length. I estimate it was 1-2 miles away at the time, and about 50-60 degrees high in the sky. It was moving slowly to the southeast away from me, and at one point appeared to slow and stop, before continueing to the southeast and fading away in the blue sky. I had it in view for 5-6 minutes and had time to get my 35mm camera and take two pictures using the telephoto setting, which unfortunately is not too powerful. The sky was mostly clear with a few wispy clouds. There was no apparent wind at the time, but about 20-30 minutes after the sighting the wind did begin to blow and I saw that the clouds were moving to the northeast, which is at a right angle to the direction I saw the object moving. My first thought was that the object could be a large balloon but the fact that the UFO appeared to slow and stop, and move at right angles to the wind made me discount this. I hope something shows up in my pictures that I can send to you. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the source of the report, and to MUFON COLORADO for sharing the information with NUFORC.  PD));39.64455;-106.36745
MUFON COLORADO REPORT:  Sphere shaped UFO that disappeared and gave off strange visual effects.;2005-08-26 08:30:00;15-20 seconds;Sphere shaped UFO that disappeared and gave off strange visual effects I was in the parking lot of the medical center in Vail where I work.   A man and his young son had exited the building and let a group of helium filled balloons go.  I watched the balloons drift to the west with the parking lot attendant, who after a few minutes turned away.  I continued to watch the balloons when I saw a round sphere shaped object appear to the left of the balloons.  The sphere had sharply defined edges and appeared translucent and seemed to turn various shades of grey.  It began to move in an arc downward and to the right, as if circling the balloons.  I called the parking attendant to come and see this but before he returned the sphere, after completing a quarter circle and being below the balloons, simply vanished. What happened next was strange in that both the attendant and myself had this unusual visual effect like hundreds of bright particles flashing around in front of our eyes.  The attendant described it like crystals shooting about.  This effect continued for 4-5 minutes before it began to dissapate.   I am a field investigator for MUFON and have had several sightings in the past where the UFO disappeared and I have seen this same visual effect.   I filed a report with MUFON on this sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the source of the report, and to MUFON COLORADO for sharing the information with NUFORC.  PD));39.64455;-106.36745
Bright object seen over Vail for 90 minutes.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witness observed the balloon over NM.  PD));2014-09-15 06:45:00;90 minutes;Bright object seen over Vail for 90 minutes I work as a security officer at the medical facility in town and on Monday morning, 9/15, at about 0645 AM I was patrolling outside the facility and looked up at a clear blue sky to see the moon off to the south.  I was surprised to see a very bright object below and to the right of the moon, more towards the SSW.  I watched it for several minutes and it appeared completely stationary.  While it did not appear to be a bright star or planet I went back inside and checked the 'Heaven's Above' site and there was nothing seen near the moon.  I went back outside and watched the object again, and over a dozen or more employees and visitors saw the object too.  During this time the object, which had appeared to be stationary, began to move very slowly to the east.  It was still in the sky around 0810 when I went out with two employees to see if we could still see it, which we could, though it was now in the southeast and still visible despite the sun being up.  I took 8 photos with my I-phone and when enlarged on my computer do not show any detail.  The consensus of the people who saw the object was that it was a high altitude balloon. I thought it might be a large balloon, and if so would likely be known to the FAA and tracked by their radar. I called the Eagle County airport and was told that they knew nothing about large balloons in the area, and suggested I call the FAA.  Eventually I talked with a supervisor in the FAA Denver office who said they had no information on any large balloons over Vail at the time.  They suggested I contact your site. There I read about the sightings that occurred around Albuquerque/Santa Fe area on the 13th, and thought it might be the same thing.  I also read the article on the X-Calibur balloon which was interesting and if the balloon operates at 120,000 feet then it would not be a worry for the FAA.  It would be nice to know more about this balloon and if it had been launched as planned, and where it traveled to so far.  Also knowing wind directions over this time.  Fort Sumner is about 140 miles southeast of Albuquerque and the winds often come out of the southwest this time of the year, but then there might not be wind at 120,000 feet. I am a MUFON field investigator, currently inactive, who have had numerous sightings out here, so when I saw this object I thought it might be a UFO.  Eagle County is a very active area and was among the top 100 counties in the U.S. in reported UFO sightings, I think about 95th on the list.  As a MUFON investigator I have done about three dozen investigations in the area, and also have talked with dozens of people who have had good UFO sightings out here that were never officially reported.  We have had some cattle mutilations and reports of orbs over the years.  I have had several dozen good sightings myself, including three where the UFO was within a few hundred feet of me. It's amazing what you might see when you look up a lot.  I have had two good LITS sightings in the last two months, one on 8/14 and the other on 9/2, and will do reports at your sight in a day or two.  Also I will call to see if you have any more info on this X-Calibur balloon.;39.64455;-106.36745
