Bright white light acending.;2010-05-12 22:14:00;40 sec;Bright white light ascending. First saw a large bright light up in the sky, and thought it could be a LARGE satellite.  It was moving very fast for its size, and constant trajectory.  The size of the light started to change like it was moving quickly up and away into the atmosphere.   There were no blinking lights, but a huge intense white light that faded as it ascended and gradually disappeared. During this event both an airplane and satellite were in view making it easy to confirm what we had seen was not an airplane or satellite.;45.6728;-121.5398
Hood River Sept 2012 what is this light;2012-09-10 22:00:00;1.5 + hours;Hood River Sept 2012 what is this light After my kids go to bed, my partner and myself often sit on our porch at night to relax from the busy day. We sat down  last night and I noticed a bright flickering light in the north sky. I thought it was a star and pointed it out to my partner.  But then the flickering light started moving in a strange way. It went straight up and down very quickly.  It went in circles, then it moved sideways. We watched this for over an hour with binoculars.  I tried to film it but my camera could not reach that far in the dark. The light would stand still for a few minutes and then start moving again.  Through the binoculars that light looked red and green, and spiky (almost in the shape of an arrow).  Sometimes the light would get brighter, and sometimes point the other direction.  At times I noticed a haze coming off the light. The light was hoovering over a fire in the hills of White Salmon that recently burned and is still burning in BZ Corners.  Could this maybe be a plane! that is checking the area for hot spots with infra red? But then how does a plane make those radical movements?   I have never seen anything like it, I wonder what it was. There were a few little airplanes in the same airspace, but this did not 'scare' the light away. I wonder if the airplanes saw the light too? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));45.6728;-121.5398
Red and orange light moved fast with strong light tail and disappeared.;2020-08-22 22:00:00;~15 seconds;Red and orange light moved fast with strong light tail and disappeared. We were sitting outside talking at our camp site at Lost Lake campground and resort. It was dark and there was a fire ban at the time so it was darker than usual. All of the sudden, a red and orange circular light appeared in the sky between two large trees. It moved towards us, almost in an arch pattern, with a strong light tail and then disappeared. It wasn’t too close, more off in the distance, but clearly visible. It almost looked like a firework or flare but there wasn’t any sound that normally comes along with those. Plus, with the fire ban in place and heavily enforced rules at Lost Lake, there is a very small chance anyone was lighting anything on fire. It is also covid rules so the campground was only at about half capacity. The whole thing lasted 15 seconds or less. Myself and one other person were completely sober and the other two had a little to drink. We all saw it.;45.6728;-121.5398
