On June 27, 2021 my 5 year old daughter and I saw three of objects fly directly over head in downtown Suffolk. One stopped directly abo;2020-06-27 22:00:00;30 seconds;On June 27, 2021 my 5 year old daughter and I saw three of objects fly directly over head in downtown Suffolk. One stopped directly above us and I got a very good look at it. Its outside moved like a bubble would if it was too big. They were somewhat clear. Almost opaque and they had a cylindrical light in the middle of them. All three were illuminated red like a cars break lights from the inside of them. Id say their size was like a large bean bag chair or that they could fit inside a car if all the seats were removed. We thought they were drones as they approached but it became clear, even for my newly 5 year old daughter that they won't. The light inside of one of them quickly dimmed out and it shot up in the air while still keeping pace with the other two. I'd estimate they were 300 ft. and closing at that time. The sheer odd movement and the fact that they were coming right for us triggered my daughter to become hysterical. I picked her up and we both looked up just as one of the two stopped directly above us. I never lost track of the one that dimmed out and went up. We live in downtown Suffolk, VA and everything was well lit by the street lights and it didn't travel so far up to not be seen. Id say, that as my daughter started crying, it was as if they noticed us all of a sudden. I was like they immediately reacted to us reacting to them. The one that went high came back down a lot faster then it went up, which was crazy fast to begin with. And as it made it to the one that stopped ! above us it never did. only slowing a bit then they both flew and caught up with the third one that only slowed down during the whole encounter. The wind was fairly strong that day and constant for the most part. these things were moving at 90 degrees or more to the wind. My daughter was restless from being inside all day and due to the lock down we didn't go out all that much. I figured we could take a walk to go to our mail box on the other side of the building to burn some energy. It fits my luck in life that I'd end up leaving my cell phone in the apartment. I'm fairly sure we didn't lose time or anything like that. It just seemed like they were curious. And IDK? Maybe there's a alien photograph on another planet of me and my daughter looking up that night. Always makes me think. Also. I think someone else saw it. after they flew off I continued walking around the corner of our building and saw a lady that was stopped in the intersection returning to her car from the direction they went, looking at her phone like she took a picture as she got in. I remember her passing us as it was stopped overhead and we were right close to the street. They too were probably 70 to 100 feet up, so I figure that whoever that was also had to see everything.;36.8524421331311;-76.5188273827546
