Round flying object travelling slowly with lights around the bottom;2006-12-15 15:00:00;3 or 4 mins;Round flying object travelling slowly with lights around the bottom I was travelling by car down the Wampanoag Trail, East Providence, RI, towards Seekonk,  MA, and looked up and saw a round object with lights all around the bottom of it travelling slowing high in the air towards my direction in the distance.  I stared up at it and saw one person sitting in the front through what looked like a window area.  I saw a large steering wheel like that of what we have in a car or truck.  The person had both hands of the steering wheel of the circular craft.  It was travelling slowly above but towards my direction.  It had lights all around the bottom of it.  At first I thought it was a round, man made, blimp with lights around it, but was not sure.  I kept looking up at it as I drove forward down the Wampanoag Trail.  As it continued to head towards my direction, I began to get scared and my heart started beating very fast and I was about to make a decision as to whether I should turn my car around and head in the opposite direction away from it.  I stopped my car for a moment and looked around and I was the only one on both sides of the highway.  As I was about to turn my car around, I looked up again and the person operating the blimp or whatever it was, looked over the steering wheel and down at me and I think he realized I was afraid, so I saw him look over the steering wheel down at me and he then turned the steering wheel in front of him and the round floating objection turned around and headed slowly in the opposite direction towards Seekonk, MA.  I thought this was probably a blimp or a manmade craft with lights around the bottom of it. If this flew at night, someone might just see the lights around the bottom of it and think it was a UFO.  It might have been, but I thought it was a man made blimp like round object with lights around the bottom of it.  I did not report it to the police because it turned around and headed out of site over Seekonk, MA and I thought it might have been a round blimp with lights around the bottom of it.  I know the difference because my cousin and I saw a real UFO around 1968 while driving on the highway in Portmouth, RI which I have already reported at this site.  That one was nothing of this world, it was a bright luminous tilted circulor object hovering over the water.  It moved sideways over the water and was to the right over our car.  I looked up at it from my car window. It was tilted, luminous, sauser shaped and had a haze like ring around it and it was just moved sideways over the water and stopped up in the air to the right above our car.  I looked to the right through the car windwo up at it and saw it in close proxsimity and it was disc shaped, tilted luminous with a hazy ring around it like the planet Saturn.  It did not look like it was made of anything of this world.  It then suddenly shot in an instant across the hemosphere to the other side of the sky over the water.  But I wanted to report this because there may be some man made blimps or flying objects also shaped round with lights around the bottom of them and I did see this about 3 or 4 months ago. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));41.815;-71.3663
Outside on the back porch at night when I saw something in the sky. Object was circular with red panels on the bottom that looked like;2020-09-28 21:00:00;2 minutes;Outside on the back porch at night when I saw something in the sky.  Object was circular with red panels on the bottom that looked like lights but not lit up.  Flying low.  Very low humming sound.  It took off so fast, like a flash of light and vanished.  Too stealthy to be a drone.;41.815;-71.3663
