Very much like an ordinary star, except that it moved quickly and erratically in the vicinity of a stationary star;2007-12-14 19:00:00;20 seconds;Very much like an ordinary star, except that it moved quickly and erratically in the vicinity of a stationary star I would like to say that I am 56 years of age, a USAF veteran, and a trained observer, being employed as an inspector for many years. I am very able to observe and report in extreme detail an accurate account of my observeration(s). I currently am still blessed with 20/20 vision in both eyes, but do need a 1.25 diopter lens set to read clearly.  When I observed this UFO, I was not under the influence of any vision altering drug, as I am sure Zegerid does not alter my vision and have not observed any problem whatsoever with my 'distant' vision. It was moderately snowing, and I was actually in Escadillia Bonita Acres, (spelling) in New Mexico, USA which is just East of the Arizona/New Mexico border and is located in New Mexico. It was dark, and getting colder when I went out to my truck to get my coffee mug. As I turned to return to the trailer where we were staying at night during our elk hunt, I glanced towards where we had Dad's elk hanging in a tree nearby. As I did, a light in the sky caught my eye. As I looked directly at it, I thought it to be nothing more than a clearing in the coulds, where a star was shining through. I thought that this was strange, due to the steady snowfall, but no big deal. As I started to turn away, a movement in this star made me look again. I was amazed to see this star begin to move erratically at a rapid pace, looking very much like someone moving a laser pen light around on a darkened wall, except it was not red, it was white, much like a star. This light was due East towards Springerville, Arizona, USA, and at an approximate 40 degree rise from the surface of the earth. The thought immediately occured to me that I must be wobbling and I quickly leaned against the truck to stabilize my body and head and noted that there was another star just to the left of the one that was moving erratically, only this star was completely immobile. As soon as I realized that this observation was totally out of the ordinary, I yelled quite loudly Dad, get out here, there is a UFO out here! He came out immediately, and looked at it as I pointed at it. It was stationary from that point on, and slowly faded away as if the clouds obscured it. The other star remained visable, and we watched for a few minutes as it too faded from view, which I attribute to the clouds and snow. In our observation, I was the only one to! see the quick and erratic motion of this light/star like object in the sky. I am quite familiar with aircraft, and this was completely quiet and moved way to fast and strangely for me to think that it was ours unless we have some craft that is not a part of the general public knowlege. It was quite cold, and snowing, so we retired to the warmth of the trailer.;34.1702;-109.3315
