a single ball of light.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS.  PD));2009-07-25 21:40:00;2:00 min;a single ball of light On the evening of 7/25/2009 myself and my wife saw a large ball of light in the eastern sky of our home.  At first it moved slowly to the south over a local airport.  There was no sound of any kind coming from the object, I then heard airplaines coming from the airport starting there engines.  The object then begain to pick up speed and begian to turn to the east and either speeded up to the point you couldn't see it or it just faded away.  Two airplaines and a helio took off after it.  They appeaded to look for it for some time, but it was long gone. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS.  PD));35.7370440366972;-95.3749816513764
One red orb moving from left to right up and down , back left and disappeared covering miles of sky in seconds.;2020-05-08 22:00:00;2 minutes;One red orb moving from left to right up and down , back left and disappeared covering miles of sky in seconds. My wife , son , and I were hanging out in the backyard checking out constellations and seeing if we could spot meteor activity. A while into looking at and looking up all the stars and different “Starlink” satellites via night sky app , my son notices a red ball so far in the distance it looks like Mars(which is not in our view right now). He says ,” check out that plane “ We all start gazing at the “plane” which STOPPED, DROPPED ELEVATION SLIGHTLY SHOT TO THE RIGHT IN THE MOST PERFECT LINE STOPPED AGAIN , HOVERED. My sons freaking out saying how this is impossible “planes don’t do that dad!” Which I know I’ve been a believer my whole life and haven’t ever had a sighting.  He gets his phone out to take a picture and the camera on his iPhone wouldn’t even register it and COULD NOT focus on it.  I get my phone out to video it and as soon as I press record it darts out of view and then disappears. CRAZY!!!  So I’m thinking everything because I don’t immediately believe anything so I question “maybe a drone”  . This was in the western sky moving from south to north and then back south to disappear.  Here’s the thing..... we had been watching different stuff planes, satellites, we saw a meteorite.... this thing covered enough air space it would have taken a jet plane a full minute to fly out of view at the distance it was at MAYBE longer so definitely not a drone ! This thing which was a red ball we thought could be mars at first(how far away we could see the light ) moved perfectly UP with no hesitation or wiggle , shot from on side of the sky to the other , stopped on a dime like it made a wrong turn and took off the other way ....to me the lights didn’t appear flashing just a solid red “orb” / sphere /“star” . The event took place in a matter of one or two minutes and covered enough sky from point A to point B and BACK that a jet / drone/ helicopter / anything from this earth would’ve taken minutes to travel it in ONE direction let! alone up down left and right and then completely disappear ou! t of sig ht to never be seen again !.;35.7370440366972;-95.3749816513764
