Fiery orange craft flying at low altitude over Snow Camp NC.;2014-05-03 22:00:00;1 minute;Fiery orange craft flying at low altitude over Snow Camp NC. I was walking to my truck after being stage manager for a music festival in Snow Camp, NC, on Saturday, February 3rd, around 10pm, or a few minutes after.   Being the stage manager, I was one of the last people to leave.  I am unsure if any of the other staff left on-site saw the object.  While walking to my truck, I noticed what appeared to be a large fire colored object coming over the hill next to me through the tree tops.  At first I was quite concerned that it was a large piece of burning paper floating up from a campfire from the nearby campground.   I soon realized that it was traveling too straight of a line, and too steady of a speed to be campfire debris.  As it cleared the tree tops and came into plain sight, I could see that it appeared to be oval or disc shaped, only turned on its side, with what would be the top of your typical flying saucer being the leading portion of the craft.  I could plainly see the back of the craft, as it! appeared to be only 800-900 ft in altitude.  With my arm fully extended outward in front of me, and my hand in the shape of an L, the object easily took up 2/3 of the space between the end of my thumb and the curve up to my pointer finger. It was very large, very low and made no sound whatsoever.   The back fire orange glowing part of the craft looked similar to the bottom of a mushroom, with a round ball like center with lines going outward to the outer edge.  Similar to looking at a stopped turbine of a jet engine.  This feature was as large as the craft itself.  It was low enough and bright enough, that the refraction of the light behind it from the heat coming off of it could be seen, almost like it was emitting a very hot exhaust.  The craft continued to travel SSE at a very steady pace until it was out of view.  The craft passed directly overhead and was in plain, clear sight for well over 40 seconds.  Having turned my phone off due to no cell signal and not w! anting to waste battery life, I was unable to take any picture! s with m y phone.   By the time it powered back up, the craft was gone.  I am still very unsure about what I saw and after spending 2 weeks researching what it possibly could have been, I am unable come up with any reasonable explanation. Personal background:  I am a 36yo college educated, electronics and sound engineer. Despite being at a music festival, I was not under the influence of any alcohol or narcotics of any kind.;35.9088;-79.4272
