I heard a strange noise, suffered a physical and emotional response to it, military jets chased it away.;2003-12-18 03:30:00;13 minutes.;I heard a strange noise, suffered a physical and emotional response to it, military jets chased it away. I was lying in bed listening to C2C AM on my AM/FM alarm clock-radio.  Suddenly, the radio signal was reduced to an annoying buzzing/humming noise.  I tried cranking the dial up and down on both AM and FM but to no avail.  While I was trying to acquire a signal, I began hearing a whirring noise in the ambient background.  Unable to find a radio station after several minutes, I gave up and turned my radio off--strangely enough, the digital numbers on my clock still worked and the minutes seemed to pass in a normal time-frame.  Once I had turned the radio off, the whirring sound became more prevelant.  As soon as I consciously thought about the whirring sound, I suffered migraine-like pain in my head. As I lay there massaging my temples I suddenly felt a sensation of absolute and total primal fear.  I wish I could describe it better but essentially, the part of my brain that warned my ancestors that they were about to be eaten by a saber-toothed cat fired off at full strength!  I knew that if I moved or turned on my lamp that something bad was going to happen to me--I've never been that afraid in my life. Maybe three minutes after the migraine ensued, I heard high-performance (military) turbines speeding through the sky at what I estimate to be less than 1,000 feet ASL.  As soon as the jets - I distinctly heard two aircraft - came over the town, the noise, the feeling of dread and the pain ceased immediately.  For the next few minutes, I heard the jets perform a hard climb and then all was silent. I am new to the area I live in and I don't know my neighbors, so I was reluctant to ask strangers about any experiences they may have had that night.  I am a University student, a security expert, and an aircraft enthusiast.  In general, I am fairly skeptical about UFO phenomenon and extra-terrestrials.  I hope this report serves to further your cause in some way. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We do not know what the witness may have heard, or experienced.  PD));44.9241000000001;-123.3248
It was almost sundown. I was doing yard work in the back yard when I looked up. Noticed an odd flame looking orb gliding through the sk;2017-10-05 06:52:00;2 minutes;It was almost sundown.  I was doing yard work in the back yard when I looked up.  Noticed an odd flame looking orb gliding through the sky headed north.  I watched it & took a video of it for almost 2 minutes as it cruised through the sky @ an elevation higher than a drone would be but way less than an aircraft.  It was hard to distinguish the shape because it honestly looked like it was glowing bright orange & didn’t keep one specific shape.  Very odd. It stayed flying linear until I couldn’t see it anymore but it was definitely the strangest thing I’ve ever seen.  I know what I saw.  My 2 minute video deleted itself once I went back to look at what I had captured & all I was left with was this short clip of the object.  Note the trees to the left of the screen.  It will give you an idea of how fast it was moving. Pretty incredible.;44.9241000000001;-123.3248
