Giant  hangliding  apparatus seen over rte.22 in N.J.;2003-02-16 15:10:00;7 minutes;Giant  hangliding  apparatus seen over rte.22 in N.J. driving east on rte. 22 somewhere between Springfield and Union N.J., my most accurate guess is Kenilworth, I saw something crossing over rte. 22 about amile in front of me or less.  It appeared to be only hundreds of feet above the ground, and my first impression was that it looked like someone hangliding but what was hanging beneath appeared too big to be a person.  As i am approaching I am looking up and traffic is building and slowing in front of me, not sure if they are looking or something else causing slowdown because rte. 22 has many businesses on both sides.  Any way it passed practically directly over me appeared to float on the wind and was a dull orange 2-tone.  I pulled in to a business parking lot to continue watching.  Yhe top shaped like kite or hanglider estimated 15 feet across or more and 10 feet or more from front to rear hanging from it but connected was a cylindrical shaped part that i estimate was at least 30 feet long and the last 7feet or so was curled up in the rear like a seahorse's tail.  In spite of the unusual nature and size of this object it was just about to snow storm and the sky was grey and it looked like it could very windy up there. Asa I watched I thought maybe windborn debris of some sort but the size made me question further.  As I watched the object continue on it's southwestrly course it seemed to be slowly gaining altitude and the I saw a smaller object which appeared the same color and texture about two thirds the size of the top part of the first object and roughly the same shape as the top of the first object, it appeared behind the first object closed distance on it but also appeared aloft on the air. I became excited that maybe it would join the first but it was above then directly behind then passed on the side and continued on the direct southwest course but interestingly at that precise moment the first object gegan floating on a more northwest pattern and when it dissappeared from view it again appeared to be over rte.22 and the second object dissapp! eared fr omview first on it's direct southwest course well south of rte.22  The whole event only lasted 7 minutes.  I am a clinical social worker and have been fascinated by ufo literature and t.v. shows for years I used to belong to mufon and recently found out about your sight.  I have never seen what I thought was a ufo and have a strong feelig that what I saw this time has a earthly mundane explanation but I can't come up with one.  I hate to ask but a WEATHERBALLOON PERHAPS?  I'm also curious if anyone else saw it.;40.6751;-74.291
