Spherical metallic object seen in broad daylight above University Hospital.;2007-10-15 16:00:00;22 minutes;Spherical metallic object seen in broad daylight above University Hospital. 16:00 – I’m a cancer researcher at the University of Colorado Health Sciences Center in Aurora, Colorado.   I left the research complex a bit early today and began walking to my car.  When I reached my car, I opened the door to get in, and I momentarily turned back toward the research buildings.  I saw a large object in the sky, and a quick comparison allowed me to estimate its altitude to be three times as high as the research building.  This was, of course, without knowing the ultimate size of the object, or the distance at which it appeared, so altitude was merely estimated.  My first thought was a helicopter, being on the campus of a university hospital, but there was no sound - absolutely no sound.  This caused me to look closer.  The object appeared to be quite large, larger than a helicopter, and spherical in shape.  Metallic silver best describes the color, with flashes of reddish-silver as the object caught the bright sunlight.  The object appeared to be hovering, slightly bobbing back, forth, up and down, as if it was a gigantic weightless balloon, tethered to the ground, accosted by the wind.  But the movements seemed different – as if they were defying gravity.  Up, then sideways, then quickly backward.  I’ve never seen any aircraft move that way.  Then, suddenly, the object shot upward and was nearly out of view within a few seconds.  I could still see the shining sunlight reflecting off of the object at its new altitude.  Suddenly, I was able to see a smaller, white object orbiting the object, which eventually shot off into the distance.  The object then ascended to an even higher altitude.  I sat down in my car, and rapidly opened my window.  The object was still visible.  I pulled out my phone and called my mother.  As she answered, I told her that I was seeing my first U.F.O. – and being a scientist, I wanted to rule out natural phenomena.  I mentioned the helicopter idea, but we both shot that down.  I mentioned an airplane – not likely.  A balloon?  It rose too quickly.  We couldn’t figure it out.  Then, as if on cue, a helicopter appeared from behind the hospital.  It passed through the general area where I had originally seen the unidentified object.  This was clearly a helicopter, it was smaller than the object, I could see the red and white paint, and I could make out the unmistakable sounds of the rotors.  It was a perfect controlled comparison.  Next, I was able to see a passenger airplane pass in the distance.  The shape, size, and sound were unmistakable.  Another perfect controlled comparison.  The object was still visible, a mere pinprick of bright light, moving slowly back and forth in the high atmosphere, reflecting sunlight every few seconds.  Suddenly, the object faded from view.  A few seconds later, I viewed a jet approaching the area where the object had been.  I could easily see the wings and shape of the aircraft, although I couldn’t make out the exact type.  The jet proceeded on its course then it disappeared on the horizon.  I waited a few more minutes, and the object appeared again.  Only for a few seconds, it quickly enlarged in size and then shrank off into the distance and disappeared for good.  It was 16:22 when I last saw the object.  I have no explanation for the events of this afternoon, although I can definitely say that the object was not a conventional aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));39.6695444272445;-104.803991486068
Black orb flying incredibly low and fast at night in South East Aurora, CO, on July 22, 2014.;2014-07-22 23:59:00;1 second;Black Orb flying incredibly low and fast at night in South East Aurora, CO on July 22, 2014 On Tuesday, 7/22/2014, around midnight, my wife and I were driving south bound on Himalaya (in Aurora, Colorado) and just as we approached the intersection of Chenago, a dark shadowy object went east to west approximately 100' in front of us and 100' above. The object was flying incredibly fast, had no lights nor made any sound. The whole thing lasted only a second.  As it was going from left to right in my field of vision, about ¾ of the way across, the light from the street light (that was down and to the right) reflected off of it and it was like a camera flash. When it flashed, I got a tiny glimpse of the object, before it disappeared into the darkness. It appeared to be a round black ball and had a shine to the surface that caused the reflection.  I immediately asked my wife, “Did you just see that?”  She responded that she saw 'something' fly by and then the flash from the reflection off the street light. It was not a plane, bird, helicopter nor an alien UFO.  I believe it is the same object as seen on KDVR and CNN news reports from back in March of 2014 and November 2013 that was recorded twice from 84th & Federal.;39.6695444272445;-104.803991486068
Rainbow flashing Orb with Indigo Orbs flashing around the Main one.  ((anonymous report));2017-09-04 00:39:00;2 hours;Rainbow flashing Orb with Indigo Orbs flashing around the Main one. I was at my old house (I just moved three days ago)  Setting up My cameras and Tripod facing south in the sky.  I was preparing for my fifth skywatch that evening of September 4th, 2017, at 12:34 AM.  Since I was have been seeing this Blinking orb (What looked like to my naked eyes) I got my best camera with a night time setting to capture the object. I first noticed the object four nights ago.  It has been moving and hovering around the same section in the sky for the past few nights and I finally got the chance to see what it was. At first, I thought this object was a star, but it was moving too quickly and blinking/flashing rapidly.  Until I finally got a closer look. All it was doing was stopping at times, then moving to the right. It was not a straight line either. It would occasionally, as it moved to the right, move a little upward or downward.  It did this for two hours straight, I recorded it for 33 minutes with my cannon camera. I felt no fear.  If anything I was rather excited to see this.  I was filled with shock and awe looking at it move across the screen of the camera.  At times I could feel my body vibrating and burning from the inside.  A warm feeling throughout the whole body.  A bit of adrenaline, heart racing. I even actually lost sight of the object when I started to grow paranoid being outside by myself with no other people.  I did not know why, but after I felt this I packed my gear and headed inside to view the results.  I write Times and such in a record in my skywatch sessions.  I will paste my written session below. Day five of skywatching.   Times set during Skywatch - 12 am  through 1 am  Friday, September 4th, 2017,  Location - Colorado Springs  My backyard   12:34 AM Going out now.  I'm bored and cannot sleep.  I was outside earlier and spotted a big blue, moving orb above my house.  Might as well do a Skywatch tonight. 12:39 AM Just set up, spotted Blinky in the same sections of the sky the previous night. I'm naming the orb Blinky. 12:58 AM Filmed Blinky.  It moved behind the tree though.  It's in the usual spot, circling the sky miles away from my house.  Maybe just one mile.  The burning feeling is back.  Everything went silent.  I can hear the street cleaners.  Or this wubbing noise.  Freaked me out for a second there.  It's pretty loud. Feeling allot of adrenaline pumping through me.  I feel dizzy, hearts racing for some odd reason.  I'm not afraid though that's the thing.  I hear this machine hum in the sky above me. Someone said film and it was not me.  I feel calm suddenly after that voice. Blinky moved from behind the tree. 1:14 AM. Filming again, but I switched cameras. My video camera can pick up many flashing lights after I zoomed in in my video editor. All I do is crop it and I see the flashing lights. I cannot wait to see the picture/video results later. 3 minutes in of recording. We have some visible to my human eyes blinking flashing again.  Hmm... 1:41 AM Still stalking Blinky.  I got good footage of them. Still moving. I'm going to head inside now. 1:49 AM I'm inside now. I feel pretty joyful tonite. Let's take a gander at the results.  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.6695444272445;-104.803991486068
