3 Triangular shaped, white or silver metallic, flying objects with NO wings/propellers/noise and or markings.;2015-08-10 19:13:00;25 minutes;3 Triangular shaped, white or silver metallic, flying objects with NO wings/propellers/noise and or markings. Sightings  Report:  I swear/affirm the statement made by me is factual, truthful and made without any duress or promises of anything in kind. On 08/10/2105, at approximately 19:13 hours I was sitting in a chair facing a south-westerly direction in my backyard in Hartford, Alabama in the county of Geneva.  While I was watching my dogs as they were utilizing the potty/restroom.  I then notice that a passenger jet airplane was flying over from the south-westerly direction heading north-easterly over my residence.  As, the airplane was passing you can hear the thrust of the jet in the distance.  The airplane’s altitude was approximately 27/30,000 feet and it was leaving a contrail in its wake as it passed overhead.  I watched the airplane's trajectory and contrail for approximately 2 or 3 minutes. Something caught my peripheral vision on my right side, and I noticed that something else was in the sky following the passenger jet airplane.  I immediately called my wife from the bedroom where she was changing from her work clothes to lounging clothes.  I wanted her to confirm to me that I was not seeing things or my eyes were playing tricks on me.  Upon her immediate arrival from the bedroom to the outside back concrete deck where I was now standing and watching the sky I asked her what she was seeing in the sky, and explain it to me in her own words.  The object was approximately 3½ miles behind the jet airplane and traveling at approximately 13/15,000 feet in altitude and following the same trajectory as the passenger jet. The object was triangular in shape, it had no wings, it had no rotary attachments, it was not  leaving any contrail in its wake.  The object was white or of a silver metallic color and material.  The object was traveling at a constant speed and had no noise associated with its flight.  As we both watched the jet airplane travel in the north-easterly direction we called our son via cellphone who lives 6 houses down the street and asked him to come outside his residence and look to the sky to see what we were seeing.  The object was still traveling as if in tow towards the jet airplane’s direction. As we watched what was happening over our home, our son called us back from his cell phone and informed us to look back towards his residence that there were 2 more triangular, white or silver metallic objects traveling at the same altitude and trajectory as the first object pacing the passenger jet airplane.  All of these objects were traveling at the same distance and speed of each other and approximately 4 to 5 miles apart.  These objects were like the first triangular object in which they to made no noise, had no markings, left no contrail and had no wings or rotary devices attached to them, either.  All three objects were all similar in shape, height, color and descriptions. I am from New York City.  I am 48 years old.  I have a BS-CJ and a MS-SHRM from Troy University.  I am retired from the United States Military, ARMY.  I held a (TS/SBI w. SCI Access) Top-Secret Security Clearance with access to Sensitive Compartmentalized Information and was read-on in the (PRP) Personnel Reliability Program for the Confirmation, Authorization and Release of Nuclear Weapons.  I also served as a COMSEC (Communications Security) Security Officer for Confidential and above Top Secret items and documents for a Nuclear Weapons Site.  I was one of the Trainers, Testers and Certifying Officers for more than 40 Military Police and over 100 Host National Security Forces in Emergency Training and Duress Procedures related to Nuclear Weapons. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone on two occasions, and we found him to be unusually eloquest and sober-minded.  We suspect that he is an skilled, and highly reliable witness.  After we first spoke with the witness, he reported that he had contacted the FAA to report the incident, thereby allowing that agency to examine its radar tapes.  They elected not to do so, but provided the witness with the telephone number for NUFORC, which he already had.  NUFORC offered to delete portions of the witness's last paragraph above, because the information provided could be used to identify the source.  He said that he did not mind if the government knew who had submitted the report.  PD));31.0837;-85.7162
