A triangular, slow moving, silent, lighted with 6 lights on base with green and blue being dominate, subdued yellow and red also,;2004-03-23 21:35:00;6 to 7 minutes;A triangular, slow moving, silent, lighted with 6 lights on base with green and blue being dominate, subdued yellow and red also, On this night My fiance', her daughter and myself winessed a triangular object traveling NE over Oakdale MN.  It passed directly over our vehicle as we were driving due south.  We seen it initially comming towards us about 2 or 3 miles away.  I said to my fiance, look, theres a UFO. In jest at first because we are both sky-watchers.  I said this because I am not used to seeing aircraft with dominate blue and green lights on it.  There were 6 lights visible from the bottom of the craft. Two lights 1 blue and 1 green that were dominate.  There were 3 yellow/white lights about 1/3 as bright as the green and blue lights. Also a slightly fainter red light. The red light was on the leading edge of the triangle at the apex.  2/3's of the way back to the base of the triangle were the green and blue lights nearer to the edges.  At the base were the 3 yellow/white lights located centered on the base between the green and blue lights. As it came closer and then right over us it was very clear that this was not a helicopter because my best guess would be that it couldn't be more than 1200 feet in the air and there was no sound.  I seemed to be going no mre than 80 miles per hour.  I turned around to follow it and kept up pretty well at 50 MPH. I was in a residential area and soon had to stop.  We stopped abd watched it for several minutes and seen 1 helicopter going from SE to NW seemingly going towards this object.  There was also another helicopter going directly N and to our left that seemed to be headed in that direction also.  It was very easy to hear and see that these were helicopters as we were stopped now with the windows down.  As the object in question reached about 5 miles to our north it started to change direction to more northwesterly as opposed to NE.  It made a apparently very slow turn, but as I was so far to the south of it.... it could have just been the distance that made it look slow.  Ater that we were unable to see the object.  We decided at this time to go back to our home! I am former Air force and have a better than average knowledge of aircraft and their characteristics... this is the first time I was stumped );44.9926;-92.9537
Then a triangle shape came out of the clouds with white lights on all 3 corners one red in middle.;2015-05-12 23:00:00;10 seconds;It had been storming and my son and i were out on the deck the rain had stopped then my son said look at that lighting i said cool light show then a triangle shape came out of the clouds with white lights on all 3 corners one red in middle we both said omg what is that it was moving very slow no sound then it just took off. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.9926;-92.9537
