I was starting to doze off durring the david letterman show. i was awaken by a repetitive sound kinda resembling a phone of the hook bu;2003-10-28 01:00:00;2 hours;((NUFORC Note:  The witness indicates that the date of the alleged incident is approximate, even though the report is submitted just a short time after the event.  We are confused by that fact.  PD)) I was starting to doze off durring the david letterman show. i was awaken by a repetitive sound kinda resembling a phone of the hook but alot louder and definitely more profound.as i started to rise up off the couch  i noticed it took a great deal of effort as if i was drugged or something.  Of course i wasn't, but the physical feeling of a struggle to raise up off the couch was definitely present. As i could only sit  i couldnt stand still have no clue as to why. i noticed the woods behind my house was completely illuminated as if there were flood lights on or a landing light on a helicopter as if it was searching. I know for a fact it wasn't any rotory aircraft.  I also recall as if i was very cold  and started to develop goosebumps in a big way.  Eventually i was able to force myself to stand up.  Only took me about 5 or 6 minutes to push myself up  and walk over to the double french doors which lead to our sun patio.  as i stood by the window the light  faded with a slight flicker then was gone.  Now im not quite sure how much time has past since this first incident to the 2nd but, it wasnt too long after.  I had made myself  go to sleep in my beedroom. I was awaken by the same erie noise as before except this time its directly out front and above my room windows.  I have 3 windows in my room  2 large windows in the front and one smaller window on the side over top of my garage.  Whatever this light was, shining thru my windows as if to see  or whatever.  I just knew somehow  or for somereason this wasnt right.  I knew enough to stay outa the lights.  i do remember a chilly, cold like heat coming from outside, kinda like a vapor rub type wind. i know it sounds strange but thats the best way to explain it. almost menthol like. i wasnt able to yell  but i was able to move and walk better this time.  So being the wimp that i am  i hid in my closet like a freak and never told anyone about it til now. I woke up in the morning in my closet to a beautiful day.  Even though for days i havent been able to sleep alone.  This really scared the crap outa me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));39.1244;-76.4949999999999
Two orange glowing lights appeared hovering and slowly descending.;2014-02-07 20:55:00;20 seconds;Two orange glowing lights appeared hovering and slowly descending Two bright orange lights were seen hovering near each other at at or around the same altitude.  They appeared to be spherical but not sure.  They were very low and slowly descending.  At first I thought they were like those Chinese lanterns but they were slowly going down and were too big and bright and they weren’t twinkling like a fire would have appeared.  They kept solidly lit(idk how else to put that but I think you know what I mean).  I would estimate they were above somewhere between Bodkin point and Gibson Island because they were to the east or south east of where I was which was Edwin Raynor Blvd heading south.  They were close to each other and slowly descended until they were below the horizon of the trees in front of me.  Surely other people must have seen this.  Time seen was 8:55 pm est and my location was Edwin raynor Blvd and the objects were in front of me and to the left which would put them south east of me since I was heading south.;39.1244;-76.4949999999999
Bright flashing light moving slow across sky. accompanied by many dimmer lights;2016-03-23 22:50:00;5 minutes;Bright flashing light moving slow across sky.  Accompanied by many dimmer lights Sitting in backyard with dog.  Saw a star-like light flash and then go out.   Wasn't sure if I really saw it so continued to watch.  The light flashed again and again.  Moving slowly across sky.  Light would flash bright for approx. 1 second, then go out.    Light would remain out for approx. 10-15 seconds.  Moved east right over us then shifted more north east.   Other smaller orb-ish dim lights around it moving in all directions.  Wish I could describe it better.  Went into the distance and couldn't see it anymore.   My father watched this with me and saw the same thing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.1244;-76.4949999999999
