I observed a bright object changing shapes (spherical to oblong) and colors (gold, red, white) for twenty minutes in the Denver sky.;2000-06-21 16:50:00;20 minutes;I observed a bright object changing shapes (spherical to oblong) and colors (gold, red, white) for twenty minutes in the Denver sky. To Whom This May Concern:  I would like to report an unidentified flying object  I personally witnessed on June 21, 2000 between 4:30-4:50 pm in Glendale, Colorado.  The weather conditions at the time of my sighting were superb, with clear skies, only a small amount of visible haze, and high temperatures. I am currently a taxi driver living and working here in Denver.  (Although I am currently a taxi driver, I hold a master's degree in the humanities from the University of Denver and worked for several years in the counseling field.)  Having driven the city most of the day (Wednesday June 21), I was somewhat tired and pulled into a Glendale city park located one block west of E. Virginia Ave. and S. Cherry St. I reclined back in the grass to cool myself in the shade of a small tree. (Although I was tired, I certainly was not sleepy and stayed fully awake and alert.) I was facing slightly northeast. At this time (about 4:30 pm) I noticed a gold object in the northeast sky almost directly above my position. The object appeared to be at an extremely high altitude (this was confirmed about ten minutes later when a passenger jet passed below it. I could then determine that the object was more than likely in the high atmosphere, or, a space object of some sort). The object was approximately twice the size of the brightest of night stars and it seemed, at first, to be spherical in nature.  However, occasionally it would seem to turn and take on more of an oblong dimension. During this time, the object changed from gold to red and then white, making no eccentric movements whatsoever. Colors seemed to change (sequentially, I believe) in this manner for the duration of my observation. Furthermore, its movement to the east/southeast was gradual and directional, and, although not hurried, still quite noticeable (traversing approximately 20 degrees east/southeast through the sky). I observed its movement for approximately 20 minutes until it literally disappeared at about 4:45-4:50 pm. Is your organization aware of any man-made objects (communication satellites, Hubble Telescope, the International Space Station, Mir Station, etc.) which would have occupied that area of sky during this time of the day on Wednesday June 21? My inital thoughts were of comsats, etc., although I have never before witnessed such an object (especially in such a bright sky as the sun was high and just after its zenith). If I may be of any assistance, please do not hesitate to e-mail or phone me at 303((number deleted)) appreciate any information you may have on my above question. Sincerely, ((name deleted));39.9947;-105.2366
