Hazy white light oval shaped craft emitted blue beam of light downward in proximity of Piscataqua River and US Naval Yard and Nuclear;1999-06-01 21:30:00;30 seconds;Hazy white light oval shaped craft emitted blue beam of light downward in proximity of Piscataqua River and US Naval Yard and Nuclear Submarine Facility. I have hesitated up until this day to report this event.  Although I understand it has been almost 1 year since the event, I now believe it's important to report the event even though I want to believe it was nothing more than a trick of my eyes.  As the months go by I am still drawn to what I saw and hope that reporting it will at the least get this off my mind. I was driving to my last home (apartment) on a warm summer night approximately in Mid June of 1999.  It was just after dark and perhaps a bit of dusk light left in the sky.  I can't exactly recall, but it was mostly dark at the least.  Beyond the treeline of where I live is the Piscataqua River, which is home to the US Navy Yard at Portsmouth, NH.  Among other things that are developed at the Navy Yard, the base supports the building of Nuclear Submarines.  Perhaps there is no connection, but I would think that if there was a motive for a UFO to be in the area, that would be it.  The treeline is approximately 500 ft away from the area that I spotted the craft.  Furthermore, if you extended your arm as far as you could away from your body and measured 2.5 inches with your index finger and thumb, that would be the vertical distance between the treetops and the craft.  Based on that, I believe the craft was no more than 80-100 ft in the air.  The trees are approx. 50-60ft in height.  It is not an exact science, but I'd said it's a fair estimation.  If the trees were 500ft away from where I was, then the craft was 550-600ft away (since from where I was it appeared that the craft would have been hovering directly over the river or just beyond the tree line where the trees meet the river). The craft itself would appear to be 40ft in length (width) and 20ft in height.  The blue beam was about 1/2 the width of the craft or 20ft wide and appeared from the bottom and center of the craft. The craft was moving slowly east or towards the mouth of the river, rather than further inland. As it moved a blue beam extended from the craft below the tree tops and out of my view.  I believe the craft hovered just along the bank of the river at times since the blue beam did appear to light up some of the trees.  The craft moved at an approximate speed of 10MPH.  I did not hear any sounds.  The craft was a glowing white light, but the light was isolated to the craft and didn't seem to extend beyond the craft.  It's as if the craft itself was the color of milky white light. As I continued on the road I lost the craft below the trees.  I do not know what happened after that.  I also, to this day, don't know why I didn't stop to get a better look.  Again, I just simply didn't want to believe what I saw. I only hope this serves to rustle up some other witnesses to this event.  Mr. Davenport et al, I hope you can make a call for NH Seacoast residents to recall their memories to last summer to see if anyone else saw this event.;43.072893902439;-70.8022853658536
