My husband went outside for a smoke just before 8 pm. He banged on the window from outside (I was in the living room)to get me to come;2011-11-12 20:00:00;5 minutes;My husband went outside for a smoke just before 8 pm. He banged on the window from outside (I was in the living room)to get me to come look. I got outside and he told me to come quick and was having me look in the sky for a light he saw. It was gone. I thought he was funny and I laughed it off. I yea'd  him and went back inside. He came in a few minutes after, telling me he was sure it was not an airplane and going on and on about the glowing ball in the sky. I continued to watch tv with our son and my husband went back outside. A few minutes after, he banged frantically on the window again, for which we (myself and my 7 year old) both went out the front door to see this thing my husband was talking about. I am not sure what I saw. It was a ball, flying across the sky, unlike anything I have seen before.  It was red-ish, orange-ish-yellow-ish (hard to explain... kind of like a ball of fire. It was not falling from the sky. It was flying.  I would have thought that it were a plane or helicopter with some red lighting or something... but there was no sound whatsoever.  That was something my husband kept saying.... what the hell is that... and listen.... there isn't a sound.  It was not windy or raining... it was dark, but not black out (we had street lights and so on).  I wouldn't not have believed it if I hadn't seen it.  I would have thought it was a completely explainable aircraft, had I not seen it myself. My husband was glad I saw the second one, because I apparently looked at him as though he were a little off or something. I am THE LAST person who you would think you would hear this from.  But I know what I saw was not something usual. If I found out there were some special thing going on at the nearby airport (PEASE, which is a tiny airport, not used for commercial flights), I might have dismissed it.  We have had air shows there before.  But there is nothing going on there that I can find.   And no reports on meteors or any other odd things in our area.  Someone else HAD to have seen it.   I checked the police logs online.  I also checked the local weather center and have been looking for a logical explanation. I have not yet found anything. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.072893902439;-70.8022853658536
