pulsating light, hovers, disappears;2007-09-21 09:30:00;6 min.;pulsating light, hovers, disappears I have disregarded my experiences of the past couple weeks,  but due to the unusual nature, I had to look at some websites to further investigate and came across yours to find out if anything was occuring in my area.  While nothing has been reported here,  I'm still not convinced that what I've seen is of reason,  so I decided to post my sightings.  I am giving a summary of what has occured on 3 different occasions over the past 3 weeks,  with the latest incident being tonight.  Looking to the north (as the bird flies,  towards Allentown),  a light begins to rise above the tree line.  As the light rises, ever so slowly, it's brightness grows in intensity.  The light will begin to travel east, then, without reason, shift west at an exceptional rate of speed.  At this point the object will hover for about 1-2 minutes with a varied, pulsating level of brightness  then without warning the object grows real bright and simply disappears.  For minutes I will stand searching the sky with no trace of there ever being anything there to begin with.  What makes these occurences more unusual is that after each sighting,  it has been accompanied with a shooting star.  As rare as it is for one to see a shooting star,  I find it odd that after each of the 3 sightings there was the presence of a steaking light across the sky in the direction of the sighting that one one would normally dismiss as a shooting star.  If anyone has seen anything of this nature in the area, please make a post.  It would be nice to know that my fiance and I aren't the only ones seeing this.;40.0043;-76.8601
Red and orange light seen moving and hovering in Dover, PA.;2009-07-15 21:20:00;5 min.;Red and orange light seen moving and hovering in Dover, PA. At approximately 21:20, I witnessed what appeared to be a red spherical light containing an orange light within, simultaneously descending and approaching the area in which I stood.  By my estimation the light seemed to be only slightly above tree level.  I moved in the direction of the light hoping to capture its image on my cell phone despite attempting twice I was unable to capture any definite image on the phone. The light remained in one definite place for a period of approximately 20-30 seconds, appearing still in the night sky above the houses.  The orange light within seemed to remain constant, appearing to slightly pulse to the naked eye.  After remaining still for a 20-30 second period the light began to in the direction I guessed to be northeast.  I lost sight of it several times when it was blocked by trees and each time I saw the light it appeared smaller.  The light maintained a constant appearance, seeming to move slowly while I'm convinced it must have been moving with some definite speed.  I ran, attempting to mark the movement of the light, hoping to identify exactly what it was. By 21:25 I had lost sight of the light.;40.0043;-76.8601
Two formations of smaller objects came together to form two larger objects disappeared and reappeared miles away.;2021-09-04 18:30:00;20 minutes;Two formations of smaller objects came together to form two larger objects disappeared and reappeared miles away. My wife and I witnessed 2 groups of 3 sphere shaped objects sitting stationary in triangle formation. The two triangle formations of 3 objects each, were at the same height hovering next to each other at what seemed like 5 miles away. The first formation of 3 objects moved together to form one larger object and disappeared and shortly after the second formation did the same. Thirty seconds to a minute later two objects that seemed to be the same size as the final larger shaped objects that formed out of the original formations, appeared much further left on the skyline but at the same distance flying the same direction and varying speeds until going out of view. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not indicate a date for the sighting elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));40.0043;-76.8601
