Oval Bell Shaped object in  sky hovering over trees at noon bright sunny day in Northeast Georgia;2011-02-22 12:00:00;3 minutes;Oval Bell Shaped object in  sky hovering over trees at noon bright sunny day in Northeast Georgia UFO Sighting on Feb 22, 2011  Area:    Glades District of Hall County Georgia on Joe Chandler Road at Dunagen Church in Northeast Georgia Temp.   60 degrees   Sunny  Light Wind Time:    12:24 pm Unusual Activity:   Noticed activity from wild animals not normally moving in the day. Owl flew out of woods where the object had been. Deer were running as if spooked. Sound:      None Exhaust:    None Lights:     None Color:      Bright Pewter or Silver Grey  Narrative: On February 22, 2011 at approx. 12:24 PM  I was traveling SW on a rural road in my vehicle. I saw an object floating above the tree line about ½ miles away. There was no sound, no exhaust, no lights & no wings.  I saw no other objects with it.  If I had put up my thumb at arms length and gauged the size it was larger than 3 or 4 times the size of my thumb. It was an oval bell shape with a large band around the bottom of it. It was silver or bright grey.   I observed it for about 3 minutes.  I suddenly remembered my cell phone camera and as I looked away to retrieve my phone and looked back up it was gone.  I looked to see if there was anyone else around who may have seen the object but I was the only one on the road.  It did however spook the wildlife I could tell.  The deer were running full speed as well as an owl that flew out of the woods in the area that the object had been.  It is my own personal belief that for what ever reason I felt it had awareness about it, as if it knew I had seen it.  I did not feel threatened in any way, just a sense that I had witnessed something phenomenal.  I feel that it is my duty to report such an unusual occurrence. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Source may be the person who telephoned our Hotline.  PD));34.3014;-83.6727
