4:30 AM Sunday morning December 5, 1999.  I witnessed a light that lit up my entire back yard and then an explosion sound followed. I a;1999-12-05 04:25:00;1.5 hours;4:30 AM Sunday morning December 5, 1999.  I witnessed a light that lit up my entire back yard and then an explosion sound followed. I also witnessed what I and 3 other people consider to be a UFO. It was visable for over an hour. At approximately 4:30 Sunday morning, December 5, 1999, I woke up from falling asleep on the couch.  I proceeded to bed and when I did I woke up my wife to ask her to move over, she then sat up and questioned me about the time.  Before I could climb into bed a bright light like I have never seen before lit up my back yard.  The light the proceeded to slowly climb up both of my windows at the same time climbing up them at a slow pace.  The light illlumated my entire house as if it were day.  Just as the light came it went, with the darkness came up the windows in the same fashion.  We estimate the light lasted around ten to fifteen seconds.  I then ran outside where I saw nothing at all.  I do have a clear view of each horizon.  I live on about a five hundred acre farm.  As I walked back inside an explosion sound rattle the house such as an earthquake might.  At this point I was completely in shock and had no idea what was going on.  I then ran back outside and this time I noticed an object in the sky in which I had never seen before.  This object appeared to be in a saucer/disk shape.  I estimate it was about one thousand feet away.  The object appeared to be hovering over the mountain behind my house.  It came across as slowly drifting around and sometimes with great burts of speed.  One thing that stands out is that the object appeared to be circular with spotlights all the way around it.It would shine just like a lighthouse.  Myself, my wife, her father and her grandmother all witnessed this event.  We believed that it might have been a planet but as we blocked it out with a tree we noticed that it moved on both sides of the tree.  It moved with great distance.  It was in the southeastern sky.  We watched this object for over an hour and half.  I have no explanation for this nor the light.  But most of Shelby County reported to 911 seeing the lights in the sky and hearing and feeling the sonic boom as some people call it.  Though it has been on the news, many reports are conflicting and many peopl! e and ra dio stations are calling this event a coverup.  The news is reporting that a meteor, a very large meteor came through and made the night time day.  I know what a meteor is.  I have seen several come through the Earth's atmosphere and burn up.  If this was a meteor then it was one that had to be as large as a car.  Though that still does not explain what the four of us witnessed for over and hour. I hope that you can help shed some light on this.  Maybe you can help me understand why there are so many meteor sightings lately all across the U.S. Is there something that we should know that the government is not telling?  Please call or email me back with any questions that you may have!  Thanks for your time.;33.4479;-86.4920000000001
