so the moon was comming up pretty fast, so we thought;2005-06-11 21:00:00;5min;so the moon was comming up pretty fast, so we thought while sitting on back patio my wife and I noticed the moon was comming up pretty fast and bright orange. I stood up and pointed at it and it stopped and as my wife and I started to talk about it it began to move towards us getting bigger and bigger at first we didn't no what it was, than it stopped we froze and so did it. My wife ran into the house to get the camcorder and I yelled to her lets go its moving backwards lets chase it and we did as it sored back towards the pine barrens it shot straight up and disappeared, than as  my wife and I, began to turn around it came shooting back down at us stopping a few hundred feet away. My wife and I panicked and drove off like a bat out of hell. and as I zomed off my wife watch thru the back window to were it was going up and turning silver in color and it just vanished into space.;39.5881;-74.3645999999999
Circular lights seen in Bass River State Forest  above Lake Absegami NJ;2006-11-18 18:30:00;5 seconds;Circular lights seen in Bass River State Forest  above Lake Absegami NJ As we (my wife, kids and I) were heading back to our campsite we saw a ring of lights (10-12) in a circle, low flying above the lake.  We saw this in an opening in the trees for about 5 seconds.  I think I saw a small light next to it but it may have been a star. I stopped my truck as we both said what the - is that? As I stopped my truck we lost it through the trees.  I backed up but we could not locate it again. We both looked at each other and my wife said lets go to the trailer.  I backed up further (much further than original sighting) but could not locate the lights.  I decided to go to the RV.  I put the kids in the trailer and my wife went in to eat (we went out for food).  I stood outside and looked for the lights.  I felt strange, like I was sure I saw a ufo but like I didn't care enough to keep looking or something.  I heard and saw the ligths of several jets, the blinking lights of the jets illuminated the trees.  I'm sure they were jets and not large aircraft.  I went in the trailer and ate.  We heard more, or the same jets again and I said to my wife 'more jets'.   My wife seemed uncomfortable with what she saw and didn't say anything.  Before seeing this we had heard several loud (strange) noises in the woods that sounded like an extremly large jackhammer.  They were brief, but loud and powerful, I've never heard anything like them.  I don't know if they were related but we did not hear the noises again after the sighting and we heard it at least 10 times between Friday night and Saturday before the sighting.;39.5881;-74.3645999999999
