encounter with beings, sightings, and physical encounters  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly not a serious report???  PD));2008-06-12 04:30:00;half hour;encounter with beings, sightings, and physical encounters   It was after fishing in tuckerton with my grandpop, I was resting for the day, around 4:30 in the morning I heard a voice approach the window that was opened, see the yard is all rocks so footsteps are easily identified. This thing walked up to the window I cracked for fresh air – chanted my name.  My hair stood up and I froze. I went to look but it dissapered. I had the feeling this being left I went out side , and over the bay I saw a flash of light, very big one- 5 minutes later a tiny plane went to where the light was and immediately turned around. The very next weekend it happened again. But this time I went to look it jumped on the roof , sounded like a squirel on steroids running across the roof. I froze up once again.  Then outside the glass sliding doors I saw a black being  approximately 3 feet tall being , which looked like the text book alien dolls but black and 3 feet tall. And it had white dots on its chest , seemed like it was a star constellation of some sort on its suit. Very nerve racking! I jumped and told my grandpop – who takes me fishin. Someone’s trying to break in the  house. He looked , I told him what I saw and heard. He said possums make that breathing sound, See the being talked like it was breathing talking.- All it said was Nick. Well the flash of light happened again, the little plane showed up to the light and turned around. Next this thing followed me home, this is maple shade nj. This is where it really gets weird, I saw a odd sized and shaped ship over the trees,no sound couple of lights –all happens between 4-5am.  A fighter jet swooped the trees chasing one, I have been touched.  Still till this day it happens. There is a whole lot to talk about. It has been 4 years now. Every damn night something happens to me. These beings come up to my window, say my name. There is alot of things happening to me I am not comfortable talking about, but it’s is comforting for me to tell someone that may understand what I am going through. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly not a serious report???  PD));39.5881;-74.3645999999999
