Bright white light high in sky that flashed red + green lights and danced around in swift movements.;2013-09-07 03:45:00;>45 minutes;bright white light high in sky that flashed red + green lights and danced around in swift movements at 3:30 AM EST i woke up and looked out the window to a clear night sky with a clear view of the stars.  i noticed this star seemed to be flickering and looked to be reddish, but my glasses were off.  so i put my glasses on and looked again.  it was a light hovering high in the sky above a neighborhood along the Connecticut river in Portland, roughly north of Main St. i watched it until 4:45 AM.  it continuously stayed in my vision in the same spot, but sometimes dancing around that spot and hovering up and down.  the whole time it was flickering red, green, and white lights as far as i could tell. sometimes it would be moving intensely in swift motions as if it were swirling around that spot in the sky, and then all of a sudden it would just pause and hover in the same spot and it seemed to me that at that point the flashing colored lights would stop flashing as rapidly as they were before,  when the UFO was dancing.  so it did this repeatedly throughout the 45 minutes of watching it,    it was absolutely fascinating and is the reason i woke up so tired this morning.  i am aware NASA launched a rocket last night that would be visible throughout all of New England, but I googled it and NASA launched the rocket at around 11:30 EST. so correct me if i'm wrong, but i don't think that was the rocket that was launched. plus this UFO was clearly flying around in the same spot in OUR atmosphere, it wasn't moving towards a destination. i've never seen any vehicle in the air make movements as swift as the ones this UFO was making. not a plane, helicopter, chinese lantern, or weather balloon. it was definitely a vehicle that could fly and there were definitely bright colored red, green, and white lights. also at some points when it seemed to be dancing more intensely, either the object would get slightly bigger (or maybe it was turning or something), or the white lights got momentarily brighter. also, i woke my boyfriend up to take a ! look at it and he verified that it was indeed moving and he sa! w the co lors.;41.5865;-72.615
