3 round objects floating-picture on this sites home page is.exactly what we saw;2014-05-31 18:29:00;3 minutes;3 round objects floating-picture on this sites home page is.exactly what we saw 3 large objects seen floating around    they moved high up  and then 2 merged together and then we only saw 2.   After a few seconds there were 3 again.  All 3 objects were moving slow and they were very high up.  All 3 formed a straight line and disappeared.    I have a good friend who is an expert on UFO's and we did get pictures and he said they are definitely ships.    In addition,  when I looked at this sites home page, there is a picture of someone who captured 3 objects in the sky and that.picture is exactly what we saw!!!;41.5865;-72.615
CT RIVER PENINSULA SIGHTING(s).  2 Witnesses kayaking just before dawn.  3-6am. 6/21/14.;2014-06-21 04:30:00;5-10 minutes;CT RIVER PENINSULA SIGHTING(s).  2 Witnesses kayaking just before dawn. 3-6am. 6/21/14 A longtime friend and I were fishing in kayaks on the Connecticut River.  He and I are both 34 year old college educated males.  We both work nights (I've been a full time firefighter EMT-B  for 7 years), so it's not unusual for us to go out in the CT river or on the Mattabasset all night and stay out sometimes into the next day until almost lunchtime.   I am (or was) a UFO skeptic.  Always have been.  He is a believer.  I usually roll my eyes and laugh at some of the things he's said he's seen in the past.  But this came out of nowhere.  We weren't looking for it.  We were trying to catch some bass.  No drinking or substances involved.  Just glad to be not at work with no obligations and fishing finally. We started the trip from the Portland Fairgrounds...  May or may not be entirely right to launch from where we did, but it was getting late and we wanted to get in.  Both of us have bright LED's that illuminate the surrounding water and trees.  We put the fishing off to head way down river (south).  I kept asking when we were going to be at this spot my friend had fished in the past.  Was a long trip down river.  Probably a few miles.  So when we saw what we both saw, we may have been near Portland, Cromwell, Rocky hill, Wethersfield, Glastonbury...  I'm not 100% sure.  But local fisherman have nicknamed the spot the peninsula.  It's an island in the middle of the river near Perzold's Marine/Marina.  We were heading to the back side the peninsula (downstream). Still in the middle of the CT river, We both saw something in the sky to the East.  It was bright white, big, crescent shaped, appeared suddenly and went down diagonally and to our left, moving very fast, until it disappeared behind the tree line.  We both said Whoa!  At the same time. We talked about it afterwards and I kept thinking of things it could've been but they all turned out to be impossible.  Closest I could think of would've been a comet or shooting star... But this was too big, too white, no tail, & too fast.  It happened very quickly and was gone. So we kept moving.  Our moment of wonder was soon replaced by the fact that we were at the peninsula and it was time to fish now.  My friend went to shore and started a fire on the beach area.  I kept paddling and casting near the shore for a bit before heading over.  I got out and we got a small fire going.  (Fire ordinances don't apply if you're in the middle of the river just before sunrise and don't know exactly what town you're technically in... right? Lol)...  Then it got wierd enough to remember for a long time and even report on here (I can't believe I'm doing this btw.)... I was standing by the fire.  For some reason I got the urge to look back over my right shoulder and up at the sky...  Why?  Because something was there.  That's the only reason I can think of why I'd look. I had already forgotten about the other event.  I looked up and saw a strange light moving a great distance at a medium pace, steadily in a straight line towards us across the sky (was heading west toward the Wethersfield side of the river.)  Things then escalated to wierd level 2: the thing had one bright light.  And as it got closer to being over head the light got dimmer and dimmer until it vanished completely. No clouds. Perfectly clear, still dark, just before dawn. It was gone. I turned my head back to my friend who was over on the left casting his line into the water. I quickly told him what I just saw and how wierd it was. He turned to look at me as I was talking. I looked up at the sky again and what we saw next made us both yell out profanities at exactly the ! same time. Diagonally In front of us, slightly northwest but just overhead, something shot across the sky faster than anything man made can move and in a way that stars, comets, or anything like that can move. This display, to me had technologically advanced machine written all over it. It made a line in the sky visible for less than a second. It was bright white and shaped like an archer's bow. Fast as hell and bright white. But this time, it didn't disappear afterwards. It looked as if it went hundreds of miles in a second to the north, and then stopped and hovered just above the tree line. And as it hovered it turned towrard us. And then it was possible to see more of its shape. It wobbled like a saucer as it turned toward us and then sat in a fixed position watching us as we fished. The front view it allowed us showed a multicolored string of lights around its cylindrical, saucer shaped perimeter. It say there for a while in the sky just before s! unrise, almost as if it was waiting for us to come to terms wi! th what we both saw, talk about it, and get comfortable with it to the point that we could just fish, know it's there, talk about it, and move on... Which is what we did basically. I've texted and talked about it with him in person since it happened just to verify the reality of it. I was completely blown away. There was no way I could dispute this or write it off as something else. He's happy because he won, in that sense. But all I can think about now is wanting to see more. And I feel like a gift of knowing there's some other beings up there has been given to me. Pretty awesome. Next trip, I'll have my iPhone ready to take pics instead of tucked away in the watertight box I keep it in. Have even thought about getting a telescope. I'm amazed. That's all I can say. Thanks.;41.5865;-72.615
