Series of star -like bright lights that came on and formed an arc then disappeared.  Saw 3 times.;2007-12-12 17:00:00;5 minutes;Series of star -like bright lights that came on and formed an arc then disappeared.  Saw 3 times. 12-12-07  I was driving to pick up my son from daycare and it was 5:15 pm. The first series of lights I saw were red-orange and appeared for approximately 5 seconds as a series of straight line lights all of the same shape, and then all disappeared at the same time.  I looked around to see what could have caused the lights, perhaps a reflection, someone turning on Christmas lights, etc… but could not see anything.  I drove further towards town and off to my right, right above Palmyra center of town I saw a series of white lights “come on” one at a time and as each light (looked the size of bright stars) came on, the first one was still visible but looked less bright.  This continued quickly until about 9-15 lights along an arc were lit up and again, as quickly as this happened it all disappeared at once.  I was shook up by this and could not figure out what it was.  I again quickly looked to see if there were lights in my car that could be causing the visual images – but again couldn’t find an answer.  Finally, as I arrived at my son’s day care as I was about to get out of the car I saw another arc of lights form above the horizon in plain sight.  The arc was shaped different – different angle, but behaved the same in terms of the lights “coming on” one at a time with the one just lit the brightest until the next came on.  When all were lit  - it disappeared at once.  I have lived in the area with my family for the past 18 years and have never seen such lights.  I am an organizational consultant and have never seen nor reported anything that I would consider UFO material until now.;40.2995;-76.5868
Irregular circle object. Five dim lights aligned where the the points of a star would be. The sky was pitch black and the UFO was a dar;2013-03-30 22:42:00;30 seconds;Irregular circle object.  Five dim lights aligned where the the points of a star would be.   The sky was pitch black and the UFO was a dark gray, charcoal color.  No sound. ((NUFORC Note:  We have corrected the date above.  PD));40.2995;-76.5868
