Large silent triangular craft sighted.;2005-06-08 22:15:00;1+ minute;Large silent triangular craft sighted. Mr. Dennis Balthaser said that I should report the two triangle sightings I have had this year on this site Mr. Davenport.  I consider him a wise person, and will follow his suggestion. On June 8, 2005, I had just recived a phone call from my son that he had been involved in an accident on a road near a nearby lake.   I was running out the front door and down the sidewalk to my car when I realized there was something coming out of a cloud.  I looked up and saw a huge triangular craft exit a cloud or something reddish brown like a cloud and it was straight up above me.  I was facing somewhat south as I headed to my car in the driveway.   The size and the silence of the craft stopped me in my tracks and for a second  I couldn't do anything but stare.  It came out of the north and was directly paralle to Interstate 540 in Lowell.  This meant it was headed in a southerly direction. The only way I can guess at the altitude is that it was about the altitude of a plane upon descent to the airport about 15 miles west of me.  That, or very shortly after lift-off altitude. There was no sound coming from it at all, and no strobing lights visible.  The shape was well defined triangle.  There were cream or light yellowed colored lights across the back or flat edge of the triangle and they went up towards the front point about three-quarters of the way.  The lights didn't extend all the way into the point.  The width of it across the back edge appeared to be a football field or more perhaps.  I couldn't guess at the length because I was pretty overwhelmed at the size as it went over me.   I watched it long enough for it to go over several houses after mine, but it may have only been a minute or more.   I am not aware of any other witnesses, because I had to quickly go to my son's accident, but used enough time to run towards my front door screaming for my husband.  He ran out the back door of the house but it had already appeared to enter another clouded area.  I have not talked with any of my neighbours except one who did not see anything that night.  She was not outside at that time..;36.2519;-94.1344
