IT WAS SHOCKINGLY ENORMOUS;1976-06-15 13:00:00;5 minutes;IT WAS SHOCKINGLY ENORMOUS I don't recall the exact year, but It had to be between 1975-1978..I was about 13 and younger brother around 10.  We lived in a quiet suburb in massachusettts.  While driving home one evening with my dad driving and mom in front, we all saw a UFO.  It happened that whihle mom n dad talked away in front, I noticed first off that my lil brother looked stupid. I would have automatically thought he was making that face on purpose as we always joked around as kids do, but my immediate instinct (and i get goosebumps now at 39) was something is very wrong! All in a second it seemed..I grabbed his arm and shook him yelling his name, my mom turned around of course and is when she swore and yelled to my father to step on it! I looked behind us and there indeed was a hughe circular ufo with lights all around it..hovering behind us. I was screaming to my brother who seemed to be in a trance like, and I knew intuitively to not let them get em, and kept shaking him. This I now beleive is what others refer to as electomagnetic.. My dad did step on it, but I never realized to now, I don't remember the rest of the ride home. This thing was huge! It didn't make a sound. My brother was ok and woke up at home..and we've never forgotten that. My mom phone Logan International Airport to report this..she was a complete wreck, and turned out many many ppl did report the same, from the same area.  I am a beleiver...for sure.  Turns out a few weeks after that I'd gonen to a sleep over at a girlfriends house and we all decided to go outdoors and as late around 1pm i think. We laid on the grass in her yard, and talked away bout things in young girls lives.  Out of nowhere above us, were many, I would have to say eight ufo's..dangling..jetting very fast and rapidly appearing and disappearing, but above us.  When we noticed this we all were shocked and ran as fast as we could inside screaming. I don't know or recall if anyone reported that from that evening, but was shortly after my fist sighting. I couldnt h! elp wonder and still do sometimes, if it was directly related to me for having been witness to the earlier sighting, and I was being followed. I didn't talk to much bout it to my friends, was embarrassed. I am a believer for sure...I can't speak to any long term effects this has had on myself and family, especialy my brother who is now 36, but I know he prefers not talking about it. I have shared this story with my daughter and other relatives, but I certainly do think it's worth reporting...back in those days we didn't have online accessibility, or the open minded approach to this issue of UFO's that we do now.… ((NUFORC Note:  Date in 1976 is approximate.  PD));42.4532;-71.1428
