single bright light.no sound,very fast;2003-07-19 22:30:00;2 to 3 min.;single bright light.no sound,very fast it was around 10:30pm here.i steppped out to have a smoke and seen a bright objeckt in the shy. i noticed it had no safety lights flashing, it was bright enough to be close enough to hear it -no sound. i am 42 and called my mother over and she saw it as well.it went across the sky very quickly ,for a plane?i watched it untill i couldn't see it and still after consideable time still no sound.;49.0998;-116.5247
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Creston, British Columbia Missing Time.;2003-11-25 21:20:00;unknown;Creston, British Columbia Missing Time. Creston, British Columbia  Date:  November 25, 2003 Time:  approx: 9:20 p.m.  Two men driving from Creston, British Columbia along highway 3 heading west towards Fruitvale, B.C. saw briefly a number of bluish lights off into the distance, heading east towards their direction at a very low altitude. As they drew closer, the lights seemed to spread out and all of a sudden and all of the blue lights blinked out approx: one mile in front of them. The two men thought was rather strange as they had never witnessed anything like this before. The witnesses could not make out any type of shape, or structure as everything took place rather quickly. Mind you they both mentioned that there may not have been any body to the lights. It wasn't until the fellows were at junction (highway #3 and #6) did they wonder where approx 25 kilometers.  Both men sat stunned, the driver pulled the car to the side of the road and the two guys just sat and looked at one another for a couple of seconds, then starred out the front windshield not saying a word to one another. Finally after a few minutes of silence the passenger turned to the driver and asked what the heck just happened and how did we get to the junction when they knew they still had a large number of kilometers to travel.  The passenger then noticed a trickle of blood running down from the drivers right nostril which alarmed him to know end. The driver used his hand to wipe around his nose area and then found blood on his hand, be started to panic due to all this strange things that just took place. Immediately the driver put the vehicle in gear and started traveling north on Highway #6 towards Samo picking up speed as they drove along. The evening was very cool outside, but inside the vehicle it was rather warm. With both men shivering with coldness (from fright and a possible experience) the passenger turned the heaters temperature up to high and both of the fellows were still not able to get warm and comfortable. Very frightened, cold and an over whelming thrust coming on they traveled along almost in shock.  After traveling a good distance to their destination which was Fruitvale, B.C., they arrived at a family members home, got out of the vehicle and as they walked up the sidewalk to the door, the diver broke down. His friend told me his nerves were shot at this point.  A family member had seen the vehicle and the fellows pull into the driveway I was going out to greet them both when she saw her loved one bent over crying hysterically. She yelled out loudly and two other people in the home ran out to lend a hand with the man. The family was very upset as you can imagine and questioned the men to find out what was wrong, not imagining what they were about to hear. After some time a hot bath everyone settled in for the night.  Both men trying their darnest to get some sleep, which wasn't easy after what just happened, finally they dropped off only to start having vivid dreams. One of the fellows remembers being in an object. He did not know exactly what it was. But in his dream he did believe it was a room of some type. So I am trying to work with him to see if he can remember any thing else.  Case ongoing.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Home - Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com;49.0998;-116.5247
