Various sized lights create formations.;2000-06-14 21:00:00;20 minutes;Various sized lights create formations. Began with 4 quickly moving lights which formed various formations. Lights formed diamonds and crosses. Lights flashed white, to red, to dark about every second. The four lights were joined and became as many as 7 lights, still forming diamond and crosses. Moved across horizon and farther away. 7 lights decreased to 3. A large, bright, steady light appeared very low on horizon. It was joined by 3 more lights of the same size and brightness. Appeared to attempt to form a line. All smaller lights, save for one, went out. Then, the bright lights went off, randomly. We lost track of the last small, blinking light. Should be noted that Whiteman Air Force Base is nearby. The large bright lights seemed to hover over the base.;38.6189;-93.4399
single light sighted;2001-01-01 22:00:00;5 minutes?;single light sighted On way to work on (and even being a UFO buff, I still don't remember for sure wheth er is was the 1st of January, the 2nd or the 3rd) I was travelling east towards Green Ridge Missouri at approximately 2200 hours. Approaching Green Ridge I saw what appeared to be a disc of light (such as a planet). It was the color of and amber sodium light. It remained motionless for a minute or two after I first saw it, and then started to move to the right. As I approached the 35 MPH sign in Green Ridge, it moved to the right, and seemed to spiral (like a kite without a tale). It spiraled at least once and I thought twice. At the 35 MPH sign, the road turns to the North East and I looked over my shoulder to the right and saw it plummet to the ground leaving a long tale. The light and the tale remained the same color as when first observed! Thursday night while at work, a person said to someone else that there was a report of a UFO in the newspaper. I had to go ask him where he saw it and he said it was in the break area. I went to find it and someone else said he saw it also in the paper but did not read it. Subsequently I asked a the school in Green Ridge, at the Casey's store and asked the police officer, but no one was familiar with the incident. This is not the first UFO I've ever seen! I saw one in 1967 directly over Udorn AFB Thailand about midnight, some time probably in June.;38.6189;-93.4399
