Two Separate Or Same [morphing] UFO sightings cross over within 4 minutes apart.;2018-02-25 16:55:00;150 seconds;Two Separate Or Same [morphing] UFO sightings cross over within four minutes apart. I have had my first UFO sighting Sunday February 25, 2018, @ 4 : 55 pm  As well a second UFO sighting at 4:59 pm  Opposite directions passing directly overhead of my house    On Sunday , February 25, 2018 in the early evening  Outside my house in Oshawa, Ontario  I had just finished some outside work.  Grabbed a tea and went outside my deck facing west towards Whitby, Ontario.  My home borders near Whitby half a mile.  The sky was quite clear. After a few minutes I noticed a strange bright glowing  'amber' light roundish in shape  It had passed overhead from the east heading westward over Whitby, Ontario  Appeared to be heading higher up in the sky moving quite fast  Watching it for about 20 - 30 seconds  Instantly ran in the house to get a camera  After 30-40 seconds, returned outside to try to find it.  Could no longer see it due to neighbor's roof?   So, I ran down to the backyard in hope to further see it westward no house roofs blocking.  After no luck seeing it took couple picture /s timestamp 4 :56 pm.  I did this in reason record the time and might capture it being so high up  So thus this sighting occurred 4:55 pm there about ... Went back on the deck to finish my tea and have a smoke  Now what do I see to the west - three minutes later  About half mile away  A bright glistening brilliant white light object high in the sky  Grabbed my camera , took a short video clip towards the west first seen  Then took numerous still shots - some on zoom  It was really high and moved kind of slow overhead and heading eastward  Last seen at 5: 01 pm by my camera's last pictures taken over my roof  About a two minute sighting - covered less than two miles by the eye  You could even see with the naked eye as it came closer  It appeared to be changing shape , glistening this bright white light  I wonder if this was the 'same ' UFO I had first witnessed FOUR MINUTES AGO coming from the east to west ?  Now returning from west to east at a much lower altitude and much slower speed  There was also no ' amber ' color light as the first one  It appeared lower - couple thousand feet +  Both sighting were high and the first one was faster in speed  Please find attached the original images along with picture enhancements  When examining the images of this unknown aerial anomaly  It appears to have many ' different ' strange shapes confirming NOT to be a balloon  One picture looks exactly the same shape// type I took in Scarborough last year  I will send you that image as well to compare to confirm = same type;43.9181504310346;-78.865309051724
