Large disk-shaped object with three lights sighted on rural highways outside Oshawa/Pickering, Ontario.;2005-02-13 03:00:00;20 minutes;Large disk-shaped object with three lights sighted on rural highways outside Oshawa/Pickering, Ontario. My friend ((male name deleted)) and I were going East on Highway 7. ((name deleted)) was driving. The object was gliding quickly West just below the clouds when I noticed it, and I could see only its lights, but not yet its shape. After a few minutes, it went into the clouds and lit up the mist enough to see the droplets in the air, and its disk shape was at least three times the size of a commercial aircraft. It hovered for a good solid 10 minutes. It faded into a tiny point, then returned to it's original size!  It changed position from being horizontal to vertical to the ground, but mostly remained vertical. It had three lights. The bottom light was a very bright, brilliant white, and very large. It was flashing extremely fast, and somewhat erratically. It appeared to be made of overlapping light rays. It had an almost a solid dome shape, but looked like a flower, or a thousand-petalled lotus like the traditional image of the crown chakra. The middle light was a dimmer, flat, solid circle, slightly off-center to the left of the bottom light. It was closer to the bottom light than the top, and was not flashing. The top light was a dark red colour, also a flat solid circle, and was flashing slowly and steadily. The top light was lined up with the bottom one.  My friend and I both experienced strong tingling sensations around our chest and crown. I got rushes throughout my body.  The object began to move again. It then faded out of view for a few minutes, flashed the red light once more, and was gone.  An hour or so later, when we were returning to Toronto, travelling West on Regional Road 22, the object reappeared. It was very low in the sky and drifting slowly down over Lake Ontario, in a vertical position to the ground. The intersection we were at was stuck on stop in all directions, except for one pedestrian light on the left side in front of us, that was stuck on go, for about five minutes. The radio faded out for as long as the intersection lights were stuck. Again, my friend and I felt tingling at our crown and chest, once again I got rushes, and the air generally felt alive. Things of ours that were with us got really staticky after that, and stayed that way for about two days. When the object was out of sight, seeming to have either gone over the lake into the US, or [and this is what it really seemed like] into the lake! There was no sound from the object at all. And, just my luck, the camera in my bag had just run out of film! [We were out there to take photographs of the city from afar, after visiting with ((witness's)) folks].;43.9181504310346;-78.865309051724
