Boomerang.;1994-10-12 04:00:00;15 minutes;I was with my friend and her family in her dad's car.  There was 5 of us, and we all seen a ufo in the sky shaped like a boomerang. It was silverfish brown in color and hovered for 15 minutes.  It freaked us out, so we went home.  We didn't stay to see if it would do anything ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  The time indicated by the witness may be p.m., not a.m..  PD));43.9181504310346;-78.865309051724
Very large fire orange object in Oshawa, Ontario.;2005-05-01 23:00:00;15-25 minutes;Very large fire orange object in Oshawa, Ontario. In early May 2005, the 2nd week I believe, a friend and myself, decided to go for a drive, and have a cigarette. We drove to north of the airport in my city, where there is a Polish Hall. We parked in the parking lot, put some music on, nothing out of the ordinary was happening.  The parking lot is to the east of the building, and it stretches about 4 or 5 rows north with more spaces. North of that is a soccer field, than a small field, just less than the size of the soccer field, and groups of trees where the forest begins to start, I would say two soccer field lengths away from where we were parked. It was around 10:40, or 10:45 PM when I glanced up into the sky above the trees in the distance, to the north east and I saw this glowing small orange light. I though it was a plane at first but it struck me as odd, because it was moving very very slowly. The object appeared to be moving southwest towards the town of Whitby, or Brooklin, which is the north part of the city, but remained at a very low height. As it came more towards the west and directly in front of our view, the shape began to change but because it was closer, not because it was morphing or anything. It became an oval or disc shaped glowing orange. It looked like it was a giant glowing neon orange object at this point. Definetly was not a plane as I have been living beside this airport for a few decades, and all that usually flies out of there are the small DC planes. We have a police copter, but it already flew by about 30 minutes before this happened, and I can tell you this thing didn't make a sound in the sky at all. It was a clear night, no sound. As it came closer towards whitby, more southwest, the orange seemed like it was the back of the object, as if it was some sort of afterburner like on a jet, but extremely large. You could somewhat see a shadow of the body, in the sky, but again it was nighttime, and very dark so it wa hard to make out the shape. It seemed like a giant egg or oval. Right before it left our viewpoint, at the closest point to us, clearly the orange was the back of the craft. It seemed that it had two giant afterburners of some sort on the back, you could see the outline of the body in the dark and these small flashing lights began to appear, on the top, bottom, the middle around the sides, and at the front. I distinctly remember them being a blue, orange, off white, red, and green. Then it was gone without a sound. The next day at my old job, I overheard a woman i worked with talking about the same thing. I knew what I saw really was an event that cannot be explained. I even called the airport about planes in the area and they are supposed to have a curfew for planes flying at 11PM so there should not have been anything in the sky. I drew a picture in the paint program I will email to you. I have seen strange orange lights over lake ontario in whitby before, but this was much closer and it was a longer duration. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.9181504310346;-78.865309051724
Falling towards the ground a long flaming dark BAR object six to eight feet long;2019-03-26 20:30:00;7-9 seconds;Falling towards the ground a long flaming dark BAR object six to eight feet long On March 26, 2019, I went outside for a smoke at home in Oshawa,Ontario Even brought my camera outside just in case It was night time just before 8:30 pm EST After a couple of minutes something attracted me to look south where I was sitting Probably about thirty to forty yards away at most This flaming object was coming down I would say about two- three hundred feet above from the ground  Watching it in shock for no more than maybe seven to nine seconds  You could clearly see underneath the flames of mostly white and slightly neon green light Flames were just as long as the actual black object itself It had a long thin black dark bar shape appearance to it The flames highlighted the underside of this object Look quite solid with long flames above it like on fire My guess would be six to eight feet long The way it came down was on a thirty degree angle As it came down in speed slower than a falling star / meteor Gave me that moment to see it in detail the very structure underneath this object  What also caught my attention was the  'crackling sound ' as it came down As if some form of aerial debris burning up I lost visual due to my garage roof Assume it hit the ground not far across over my street I looked at the time around 8:30 pm est Asked a couple neighbors to see if anyone else had seen it - zero Even looked around the street for any debris - nothing Really strange to say the least I felt compelled to draw a composite drawing of this thing Will send it to you Still bothers me to this day what was it ? What really was it due to length of size ?  Did something get shot down above my neighborhood ??;43.9181504310346;-78.865309051724
