20-35 triangular shaped craft sighting.Bright flashing lights at corners.;1997-04-24 21:45:00;45 minutes;Summary : 20-35 triangular shaped craft sighting.Bright flashing lights at corners. 13 yr old male 43 yr old female-Masters Degree(No previous sightings)13 yr old spotted bright light in east from interiorof the home.  Went to investigate and then saw a large object in the eastern sky.  He called his mother who also went to investigate.  The first and what would also be the largest of the craft was the firstlight seen.  It was the brightest light we had ever seen in the sky except sun and moon.  The craft was triangular in shape with lights on the corners.  When it was right overhead, a small triangular structure could be seen on the underside.  It hovered for a while and then was approached by another smaller craft.The large one began to turn north west and the smaller craft followed.  The craft abruptly turned and went due north.  Then after they were overthe horizon, more of the smaller sized craft began to be seen from the south moving north.They appeared one at a time in approx. two minute intervals.  It took them less than two minutes to go from horizon to horizon.  We had never seen any craft move that quickly.  Many of them maneuvered in distint manners:forward-reverse, forward-reverse hover very quick zigzag 45+ degree banks in a matter of seconds:  almost as if a display.  Light pattern:  one light on one wing would flashand then the other two would follow.  Colors of the lights were white in front, blue and redon the sides and smaller amber to red on the inside of the triangle, making a perfect equilateral triangle inside the craft perimeter.Sound:  At first like a plane, but then a high pitched hum could be heard particularly when the craft was right over us.  A while afterwards,almost like blowing over the top of a tube.More than 20-35 of these were seen over the course of approximately 45 minutes, traveling from thesouth, some going northwest, some northeast, and some traveling directly overhead to the north.;45.0689;-93.1991
