I was going to work wednesday night, going West on a back road. Igot a flash on my left side ,looking left or south Isaw a bright green;1998-09-23 21:05:00;3 - 5 sec.;I was going to work wednesday night, going West on a back road. Igot a flash on my left side ,looking left or south Isaw a bright green streaking with almost white tail ,and then it went out like a flare would fade out. (about 5 miles west & north of enumclaw, wa. ) this flew about cab height of my pick-up trurk.;47.2666;-122.0342
4 Meteor shaped objects slowing going across early morning sky;2002-11-28 06:14:00;30 seconds;((NUFORC Note:  Reported to be re-entering space debris.  We are grateful to all of those who submitted reports.  PD)) 4 Meteor shaped objects slowing going across early morning sky While on my am route I was driving in town going south and noticed out my side window large glowing streaks in the sky. I stopped and observed through my window for a few seconds and then got out and looked. I was in town and there of course are homes and trees to deal with.  But in a clearing between some trees and houses I was able to see these objects.  They were rather low...not high in the sky...a bit above tree top level. There were four streaks -- one was the leading streak and very large...the other three were following the first and were a bit behind it. They were glowing a white/yellow hue, a silverish hue and a light blue hue. At first looking at them I thought-- Wow these are some huge meteors!  But when I kept observing them they were much too slow! They traversed about the speed that you would observe an airliner off in the distance.  They were going across the sky from a northern direction heading Southeast AND they were pretty much going straight across with a slight downward direction...like a very slow descent perhaps. They were going more in the direction of north to southeast but more south than anything else. I held my arm out fully extended and then used my thumb and index finger to measure the size of what the larger one was...it was the size of the space between my thumb and index finger fully extended...about 5 inches! The front part, of the leading object, which seemed to be about a two inches or so of more solid looking while the last 2 or 3 inches seemed to be more tail. The last three seemed to be about half the size of the leading one. They appeared to be reflecting somewhat from the soon coming sunrise. I watched as long as I was able to see them...I lost track of them behind the foothills. There was not any blast of light -- like I would have expected to see if there was a hit on land. I did wonder for a bit if maybe they were missles as I have no idea what they may look like going across the sky.  I had even thought for a moment -- well this is it folks! I think I have dismissed the missle theory though...they were just moving too slow for that I think. I had looked around to see if anyone was up and about but I seemed to be the only one around to see this. I would love to know if anyone else had seen this though...I am truly perplexed! Quite a Thanks Giving wake up!;47.2666;-122.0342
