Low flying, (approx. 200ft. altitude), SAND colored triangle, passed directly over my house at an approx. speed of 75-100mph.;1997-07-15 20:30:00;30 seconds;Low flying, (approx. 200ft. altitude), SAND colored triangle, passed directly over my house at an approx. speed of 75-100mph. In July of 1997 at approx 2030 hrs.,(dusk),  my wife and I witnessed the following sighting:  I was standing on the front walk , which runs parallel to the front of the house, with a northern exposure.  I was looking across our small valley at the hills to the north.  My wife was inside, in the back bedroom.  Off in the distance, from the south, I first heard what sounded like faint rolling thunder.  This noise became increasing louder, gradually subsided and ceased altogether when the object came into view directly over my head.  My house abuts the hills directly behind.  I estimate the hills to be approx 200-250ft. high...This SAND colored triangle, flying in a NW direction was emitting a faint high-pitched hissing noise and moving slowly, (approx. 75-100mph.).  Because of it's low altitude and my physical position in relation to the craft, I was only able to observe the under-carriage.  I observed only two blinking lights, (non strobe), - round white light on left side and round red light on right side.  From my perspective they appeared to be the size of a basketball.  I estimate the width of the craft, (at it's widest point), to be around 100ft.  My guess as to it's length would be the same.  There was nothing, other than the lights, distinguishable on the under-side no indication of landing gear, portals or even seams.  I viewed the craft for about 30 secs., until it passed from view over the next ridge, to the north.  The ground shook, as well as the house's foundation, which alerted my wife who came out only in time to see the craft starting to disappear over the horizon.  Once I regrouped, my first reaction was that if must have been a stealth fighter - we live about 60mi. NW of White Sands Missle range and are in the vicinity of two other major military installations.  I've only seen a few pictures of stealths and quite frankly don't remember too many details of same.  I'm not what you would call a military high-tech groupie.  The military industrial complex is mostly repulsive, rather! than in triguing to me.  I've mentioned this sighting to a couple of ex-military types, who insist that it was not a stealth. I am a Vietnam Illegal Police Action veteran.  My background is communcations/marketing, with a degree in Radio and Television Production.  My wife attended college, raised two children and is now busy building a jewelry business.  Our children are grown and pursuing interests/careers.  I jokingly tell my friends that I came to New Mexico, (seven years ago), to see a UFO.  I've believe I've seen my first.  Hopefully, more to come!;32.9641;-107.4102
