1 Extremely bright white light preceded by strange booming sounds.;2013-05-03 22:05:00;20 minutes;1 Extremely bright white light preceded by strange booming sounds. On 5/3/2013 at approximately 10:05pm I was inside my home watching television when I heard a faint rumbling noise.  Thinking that it sounded a little like thunder, I thought this strange as it was a beautiful night full of stars and not a cloud in the sky.  I proceeded to go outside to investigate and continued to hear random &quotbooming sounds&quot which seemed to originate in the distance to the east of me.  They sounded like faint artillery rounds going off (much like in the movie Saving Private Ryan).  It occurred to me that the noises could have been fireworks or thunder but the &quotbooms&quot just didn't sound exactly like those noises...hard to explain.  I searched the internet for fireworks displays in the area but found nothing. It is also unusual for fireworks displays to be put on in this area at such a late time of night and this early in the summer. After approximately 10 or 15 minutes the &quotbooms&quot stopped.  At 10:23pm, as I continued to look to the east a brilliant white light just appeared out of nowhere to the southeast of my location. It was extremely bright (much like when magnesium burns) and had no color.  I watched it for approximately 15-20 seconds as it slowly but steadily headed from south to north.  There was absolutely no noise coming from this object.  It seemed to be heading toward the direction from where I heard the &quotboom noises&quot.   I finally lost sight of it as it went behind the trees.  The flight path into PHL airport is south of me and I see planes approaching/going all the time with and without their landing lights on.  The light I saw was not like these landing lights as it was extremely bright and didn't have that yellowish color like what I usually see. It also did not resemble a meteor entering the atmosphere as there was no tail or breaking up of the object as it moved.  Also, it moved in a flat trajectory parallel to the ground and low in the sky.   I have no idea what this object was but it definitely was strange. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.1597;-75.7862
