4 adults see 2 conventional mil. aircraft pursuing a 3rd triangular craft w/ tiny red lights. 4th a/c approaches at high speed.;1995-12-24 23:30:00;1-2 min.;Man called to report that he, together with three other observers, had been witness to a an occurrence involving four aircraft, three of which appeared to be conventional-type military aircraft, and the fourth appeared to be an unusual, triangular-shaped object with non-conventional lighting.  The observers first noticed two aircraft, which appeared to be flying a parallel course directly south, in tandem formation, at the same altitude, and separated by only 1/2 to 1 mile.  The apparent close proximity of the two aircraft is what first drew the observers' attention and caused them to conclude that they were military aircraft, as opposed to commercial or private aircraft.  The individual who called and who submitted the written report stated that he and the other observers are familiar with the general flight characteristics of aircraft flying out of Roanoke, VA, airport, and they invariably maintain greater separation than what they observed for these two aircraft that had drawn their attention.  Suddenly, the observers became aware of a third aircraft, which was directly ahead of the first two aircraft.  The observers immediately developed the impression that the third aircraft was being pursued by the first two they had witnessed.  The third object was less well illuminated that the first two, and its lighting pattern consisted of three red, somewhat subdued lights, arranged in a triangular pattern. Its size was approximately that of the other two aircraft.  Approximately 30-60 seconds after the observers had spotted the first two conventional aircraft, they suddenly noticed that a third aircraft was flying from the northwest directly toward the triangular aircraft, apparently on a collision course with it, closing from the starboard side of the triangular-shaped aircraft, and flying at a somewhat higher speed that the triangular ship exhibited.  Within seconds of sighting the fourth aircraft, the observers realized that none of the conventional aircraft were able to keep up with the triangular craft, all of them beginning to fall behind at the latter apparently began to accelerate.  The third conventional aircraft fell behind the triangle, and began to fly parallel to the other conventional aircraft.  The incident was reported to the FAA in Roanoke, VA, and to Andrews AFB.;37.1367477272727;-80.4124681818181
Low flying triangle obeject  moving at a slow speed;2009-01-27 06:00:00;around a minute;Low flying triangle object  moving at a slow speed On 1/27/09 I took my dogs out to do their business. I live in Christiansburg, Va. It was 6 am and fairly clear.  Sunrise wouldn’t be for almost an hour. I heard a funny noise above me, like a low rushing sound, and looked up and saw 3 steady white lights forming a perfect triangle. In the center was a flashing reddish light. It was very large and very low.  It moved slow, to slow for a jet. I’d say it was at about 500 ft. It was pitch black against the sky.  It was around 100ft between lights. I’m a airplane buff and my first thought was, it must be a B-2 on a training mission, But the more I thought about it, I knew it that couldn’t be as the triangle of lights was to large and perfect. Running lights on a B-2 wouldn’t form a perfect triangle. I did some research on navigation lights and haven’t found anything that would match up too what I saw. A jet would have been louder. I could barely hear it when it went almost right over my head moving off to the southeast. I’d like to know what I saw.;37.1367477272727;-80.4124681818181
