Reddish orange light formation seen over the wildlife preserve near Newfound Lake in Bristol NH;2013-07-06 22:30:00;~8 minutes;Reddish orange light formation seen over the wildlife preserve near Newfound Lake in Bristol NH On July 6th, around 10:30pm my husband, 3 kids and I were driving home from seeing locals shooting fireworks over Newfound Lake near Bristol, NH.   Upon leaving and driving westbound on 104 toward I-93, I began to feel short of breath. I told my husband that something wasn’t right.  Thinking it was just a physical affliction we opened our windows just a bit to get some fresh air.   My husband in rolling down his window (driver’s side facing north) he stated, “OH MY GOD, What ((deleted)) is that!?”  I have never heard my husband ever get scared but his voice sounded shaky.   I thought at first maybe he saw some animal he was not used to seeing as he was staring somewhat back over his shoulder out the window while driving.   I got mad and told him to stop and pay attention to the road.  He insisted I look out the driver’s side backseat window.  His urging me lasted at least 2 minutes. 	I finally leaned backed over the middle divider between us and looked out the driver’s side backseat window and stated to him I see nothing.  He said, “NO, look up, look at the sky.. those lights WTF is that?!!!”   What I saw was these reddish orange lights… they were either hovering or moving extremely slow.  They appeared to be over the wild life preserve there. Possibly over Peak Hilled Rd.  There seemed to be no geometric formation but rather they were in a line, not straight line but sort of zigzagged line.  They made no sound and moved entirely too slow to be a plane.  The lights seemed fuzzy or flickering as if they were on fire and did not blink nor did were they sharp like a plane or helicopter would be.  There were no clouds in the sky so I ruled out the possibility of clouds making the lights look like that.  My kids (all 5 years and under) were scared.  My husband didn’t dare stop.  I watched them out of the window until we got close to the highway where the trees blocked out view.  When the lights came back into view they remained in the same spot for a few seconds and then vanished. 	Once we got onto the highway at exit 23 heading south, I looked back north east to see if they had reappeared or if maybe I had just lost sight of them and they were nowhere to be seen.  We had never seen or heard of anything like it.   I decided to google what we saw and found that there are multiple reports from all over the world just in 2013.  I firmly believe what we saw was a UFO.   I am a counselor and study psychology in college and critically analyze everything I see or read. I have come to no other conclusion but that it was in fact UFOs.  I thought that maybe it would be a good idea to report it.;43.6076;-71.7423
