broken trangular patterned lights;1995-10-28 21:00:00;few minutes;broken trangular patterned lights I saw three craft which I assumed to be aircraft flying above and to the side of the football stadium.  I heard a friend who was sitting at the top of the stadium talking loudly and I looked in his direction.  My eyes were drawn above the top seats of the stadium, where I saw three craft flying in a V shaped formation.  I thought little of it since there is an Air Force base near the school and I have seen airplanes fly out of the base under cover of darkness and escorted by quiet helicopters before.  Later on I began asking people who are familiar with military aircraft if they had seen or were aware of the type of aircraft I had seen that night.  They all said no.  The craft were different than anything I had ever seen before in that they seemed to be flying at a speed and height comparable to a regular aircraft when approaching for landing, made absolutely no noise, and had lights which moved around the bottom of each craft in a broken triangular pattern.   The lights were white.  I saw no landing type lights in areas where I would expect wings to be.  I could not see a definite shape to the crafts, only the shape of the lights.  I am curious whether anyone else has seen aircraft similar to these/this, with lights in a broken triangular pattern on the bottom.  Do we have military aircraft with these types of lights? ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.7169;-121.3677
Multi-colored, fast moving, and direction changing object observed by 3 witnesses in Sacramento, Ca.;2014-05-25 23:15:00;15 minutes;Multi-colored, fast moving, and direction changing object observed by 3 witnesses in Sacramento, Ca. I first noticed a very fast traveling object with red and green/blue lights pass by an east facing window as I was walking upstairs to go to bed.  I stopped to find it out my patio window, thinking it was a police helicopter.   As I walked outside into my back yard, the object stopped in midair, hovering for about 10 seconds, and moved in a different direction.  My daughter had just gone upstairs to bed and I quickly called for her to come down to see it with me.  My wife also heard me and also came downstairs, and all three of us watched it for almost 10 minutes go in different directions, and then descend below the tree line and disappear.   Shortly it would shoot up into the sky again and would travel across the low horizon for what must be several miles and then stop and return back very fast and begin to hover again.  This repeated for several minutes.  My daughter captured it on her cell phone but it looks like only white lights on her camera.  After about 15 minutes, we stopped seeing it.  I am not certain at this point how valuable the image taken from the cell phone is until I am able to study it this morning.;38.7169;-121.3677
