Very large disk shaped structure with lights;2003-08-12 22:10:00;20-25 secs;Very large disk shaped structure with lights On August 12, 2003 I was driving my semi truck southbound on Hwy 95, about 12 south of Jordan Valley, Oregon.  This part of Oregon is one of the most isolated places in the United States.  There weren't any lights and the sky was clear, so you could really see the milky way going across the sky.  I was the only one on the highway at that time and my partner was in the truck sleeper.  I looked in my rear view mirror and saw another semi truck coming up fast behind me.  I thought he would pass me but when he got up behind me he slowed down really fast and started yelling to me on his CB radio about lights in the sky.  He wanted to know if I had seen the lights in the sky to the left (east).  I told him that I hadn't seen the lights but that I would keep my eyes open for them.  I could tell that something was wrong because you could hear he was afraid of something in his voice.  We traveled down Hwy 95 for about three minutes when he started yelling again about lights to the left of us in the sky.  I looked out my left window and saw two large round lights sitting side by side in the sky.  I could see the outline of the hills and the lights were about 45 degrees up.  They were a yellowish white and not moving at all.  At this point I slowed my truck down and watched the lights for about 10 seconds when, all of a sudden, no other way to explain it, like from the movie Close Encounters, below the two top lights the bottom row came on.  The lights started coming on from the left to the right, then started all over again.  As one light came on, about the third light back would go off.  There were always three lights going across from left to right.  These lights were the same color as the two top lights but were shaped like beer cans.  When the bottom row of lights came on, I yelled at my partner to get up and see this.  The top and bottom row of lights stayed on together about 10-15 seconds, then all the lights went out.  There was a turnout on the highway so we pulled both trucks off the road and the three of us got out and for about 40 minutes, the three of us watched the sky but the lights never came back on.  One thing we noticed was was only one cloud in the sky and it was a clack cloud that was in the area of the lights.  There was a strong wind blowing but the cloud never moved.  When were were looking at the lights you could tell they were hooked to a structure.  The structure was very large, dead still in the sky.  With your thumb at arm's length, it would cover about 1/2 of the lights.  I would say it was disk shaped by the way the light looked.  I heard the military took pictures of it and was on the news.  I am a retired deputy sheriff and have studied astronomy all my life.  What I/we saw that night was not one of ours.  This is the first chance I've had to report this to you.;42.8801;-117.281
