nightime, fuzzy circle (a bit brighter than a nightime cloud) with an intermittently flashing amber light beneath, moving quickly NNW.;2009-06-14 23:35:00;45 seconds;nightime, fuzzy circle (a bit brighter than a nightime cloud) with an intermittently flashing amber light beneath, moving quickly NNW. The event occurred as I was on the north side of my home just gazing at the night sky directly to the east of my location.  There were a few visible clouds in that direction but I would not be able to tell how high they were but they were not low clouds..perhaps a couple miles or more in altitude.  As I was scanning the sky, I noticed an minimally bright object maybe a bit brighter than the clouds themselves against the night sky.  It was moving perhaps 2-3 times or so as fast as satellites I’ve seen but in a north-northwesterly direction.  I could not tell how big or how far away it was but it seemed to go behind a cloud (as it dimmed).  The cloud seemed thick enough to obscure light though but I could still see the object.  It seemed to be a perfectly circular shape about the brightness of a cloud with fuzzy, out-of-focus edges.  It was about the size of a pencil eraser in an outstretched hand.  It moved quickly, in my estimation and then slowed a bit and changed to a more west-north-west direction and then appeared to speed up and head North-northwest again and it went out of my line of sight over some houses.  I had wondered if my vision was fuzzy initially but I changed my mind about that almost right after I saw the object because directly below the fuzzy circle (at a distance of about 1-1/2 to 2 diameters of the circle) was a small, intermittently flashing amber light.  It did not seem to flash regularly and if I were to guess, each flash was between 1 second to 5 seconds apart.  It seemed to be the same color of amber that I have only seen once before.  After 9-11, the Twin Cities skies were devoid of all aircraft, of course, but I went to look at the quiet sky a day or two afterward and remember seeing the same color of amber light flying above us in the night sky.  It was a couple F-16s patrolling the airspace around us.  We never see F-16s in this area of Minnesota so when I saw that deep amber color and read that F-16s were in the area, I knew it was a special military beacon.  I heard no sound from whatever I saw.  My first thought was that I would describe what I saw as a fuzzy white, circular balloon with an intermittently flashing amber light beneath it.  I am curious if anyone else has seen something like this.;44.909;-92.93765
Circular silver object in the sky that moved, shot bright lights and disappeared and reappeared.;2013-06-11 01:30:00;35 minutes;Circular silver object in the sky that moved, shot bright lights and disappeared and reappeared. Appeared as I woke up.  Was very bright, would move up, down, side to side then it would return to a specific position in the night sky.  Sometimes you would see another light being shot from the main circular object.  (This happened about 3 times)  Then the light would die down but you still could see it, then it would brighten back up  (It did this for about 25min)  Then before it disappeared you could see smaller lights being shot from the circular object in the sky.;44.909;-92.93765
2 large circular objects hovering side by side, less than 500 feet in altitude. Extremely bright white.;2019-09-28 17:53:00;5 seconds;2 large circular objects hovering side by side, less than 500 feet in altitude. Extremely bright white. Two Circular objects hovering side by side.  Extremely bright white and very large in color and size.  Second object appeared to be imploding on itself.  No navigational lights, no wings or tail.  Objects appeared to be above the intersection of Valley Creek Dr. and Century Ave.  Less than 500 ft in altitude and at a 65 degree angle. Amazing!;44.909;-92.93765
