I saw 4 craft floating in the sky in and near the constellation Ursa Major. They remained there for quite some time and then sped off.;1999-11-16 23:15:00;4-5 hours;I saw 4 craft floating in the sky in and near the constellation Ursa Major. They remained there for quite some time and then sped off. I saw 4 craft at around 11:15 p.m. last night floating in the sky around the Big Dipper. They floated about rather slowly in circular patterns and one sped off almost immediately after I first saw them. The other three remained for nearly five hours and didn't really do much except float around. They remained in motion constantly (not much motion, but it was noticeable) all the time I watched. The craft themselves appeared to be rectangular or oval in shape and didn't appear to have three dimensions at all (i.e., flat or something?). They were primarily yellow, green and red in color, with two yellow bands (apparently glowing) on their top and bottom, running all the way across, from front to back on all four of them. In between the two yellow bands was a section of alternating red and green lights that appeared to either move or change colors in a regular pattern. I am a 19 year old student with an interest in the sciences (primarily physics and astronomy). I don't really know what other information about me you want -- I'm not a wacko or mentally unstable or anything. Also: this isn't the first time I have seen these craft, either. I see them usually a few times a year, but never this many and never for this long, so I decided this was noteworthy. Thank you for your time.;44.909;-92.93765
Saw shadows moving across the ground in a perfect line at a high rate of speed looked up and saw nothing in the sky;2016-05-05 14:00:00;60 seconds;Saw shadows moving across the ground in a perfect line at a high rate of speed looked up and saw nothing in the sky. About 30 shadows that crossed the pavement, ground then a house and then the field behind the house.  These were shadows that were about 1' x 2' rectangle.  They were moving north at about I would say 10 to 15 miles an hour. The sky was mostly clear blue there were no planes and no clouds in the  vicinity, I saw nothing in the sky. The problem is nothing does not make shadows so whatever this was is masking itself.;44.909;-92.93765
