Witnessed 3 faint lights moving NNE to SSE.;2004-05-10 22:45:00;15 minutes;Witnessed 3 faint lights moving NNE to SSE.  Lights formed a triangle and moved VERY slowly to the SSE. About 1/3 the speed of an normal satellite  Lights  moved together without changing speed or position within the triangle.  They may have been satellites, but I have been observing satellites for several years and have never seen this. The speed itself was highly unusual and the three objects maintained position throughout the event.;44.909;-92.93765
A triangular shape with rotating blue and white lights, made an almost musical engine sound, could fly in all directions including shar;2013-08-07 11:45:00;20 minutes;A triangular shape with rotating blue and white lights, made an almost musical engine sound, could fly in all directions including shar A triangular shape with rotating blue and white lights, made an almost musical engine sound. It could fly in all directions including sharp up and down movements. It disappeared and reappeared in different spots. At around 11:45 on Tuesday August 7, 2013, we spotted an extremely bright light in the sky, we followed it and couldn’t identify it.  It had bright white and blue light and occasionally flashed red lights.  It disappeared and reappeared in different spots and at one point appeared as if it was following my vehicle. We stopped and opened one of the truck windows and could hear an almost musical engine sound.  The object was smaller and more agile than a plane but bigger than my truck.  The whole thing lasted maybe 20 minutes.;44.909;-92.93765
Two flying objects of unusual shapes, one like a space station, the other like a triangle, very loud, with several different.;2013-09-03 08:50:00;20 seconds;Two flying objects of unusual shapes, one like a &quotspace station&quot, the other like a triangle, very loud, with several differen My 9 yr old son observed two flying objects that went over our house at about 8:50 PM on 9/3.  One was following the other.  I did not see it, but I heard it.  Both were very loud and flew close to the ground (closer than most planes).  He adamantly described the objects as very different from any ordinary plane.  The first flying object had many different shapes on it.  He said it did not have a point on the front, but rather had several square shapes that were spread apart.  It had green and white lights.  My son thought it was a space station, until I explained that space stations fly in orbit above earth’s atmosphere. The second flying object was shaped like a triangle, but moving forward on the flat side (not like a stealth bomber).  It had green lights on one side, white lights on another side and blue lights on the third side.  He said it was much larger than any planes he had ever seen.;44.909;-92.93765
Triangular aircraft with blue/pink lights arranged into a triangle at the base, blinking every second, quiet & hovering low in the sky.;2016-01-03 23:00:00;10 seconds;Triagular aircraft with blue/pink lights arranged into a triangle at the base, blinking every second, quiet & hovering low in the sky. Witnessed a triangular flying object by looking out a window from home.  At first I noticed very discrete, bright, ping-pong size alternating blue and pink light bulbs arranged into a large triangle sitting on the same plane, blinking every second.  First I was looking at the intensity of the lights, the blinking frequency, the color and then the light position for about 5 seconds.  I was then trying to see a bigger picture beyond just the lights.  By relying on those blinking lights and a few sparse smaller white light bulbs scattered around that I believe were probably turned on at a later time,  I vaguely saw (presumably) the bottom/base of an aircraft.  The size was big enough to cover a significant portion of the sky view from my window, I assume the flying object was hovering pretty low and that's why I could see the individual light bulbs so clearly.  It was quiet, no noise.  It really took me a while (7 sec at least) to realize what ! I think I saw.  After that moment, I've never seen anything even close (at night time, it's pretty dark outside) to what I encountered during that short moment of witnessing.  It was a close encounter from naked eyes.;44.909;-92.93765
