The objects, one in a very luminous gold color and the others in a silvery color moved very fast and randomly from a starry dust.;2008-01-18 19:45:00;15 minutes;The objects, one in a very luminous gold color and the others in a silvery color moved very fast and randomly from a starry dust. Approximately 7:45pm on Friday, January 18, 2008 I was heading towards my residence on Pleasant Grove Road/Intersect Route 74 and noticed strange activity in the sky.  There was a large bight star-like object to my north and out of the corner of my eye to my east there was what appeared to be a shooting star, but not your every day shooting star it caught my eye about 30 seconds later there was an explosion of star-like dust in the east where this star-like object fell.  I turned my attention towards the bright glowing light to my north and it was no longer heading away from me, it was moving towards the east towards the explosion of star-like dust.  As this bright object was approaching the east I notice two objects shoot out from the east where the starry dust came from.  One of the objects headed towards the far east traveling south and the other headed towards the object that was flying in from the north east.  The large starry like object started to lose its brightness.  Again, another star-like object fell from the sky in the same area where the first star-like object fell.  There were other planes in the area that had flashing red and blue lights and I knew for a fact that it was not a plane or commercial plane messing around in this area at this particular time.  I sat in my car and notified the York County Police of this incident.  There was nothing they could do so they gave me a number to call to report this matter.  After 15 minutes all three objects were out of sight.  I proceeded up my driveway to the west and noticed yet another occurrence happening as I reached the hilltop.  There were 3 tiny objects, silver in color bouncing off of each other in the random direction but in a closed radius.  I did not look behind me to see where the other objects were located and if they were a part of the same similar occurrence.  All three object disappeared in a cloud of sparkling dust.  No falling like stars were sighted when I saw this going on.  I continued to my house so I could ty! pe this statement up as fast as I could.  I received a call from a male correspondent from the number I was given by the police department.  He asked me to call my neighbors to see if they saw anything--I told him that I came home and told my mother only to have to look at me like I was a fool.  There was no way I was going to call my neighbors and have them think I was crazy too.  I did not have a camera or a video recorder on my person at the time of the sighting so it is my word that has to be taken in to consideration.  This is not the first time there has been activity in the same area as I saw earlier tonight.  It was around 1994 around February/March when I first had a sighting and I knew exactly what was going on when I saw this incident tonight.  Please take this statement in to consideration.  I am sure I am not the only one who has seen the same things seeing how we live in an enclosed farm area.  Thank you.;39.9056;-76.6055
