Glowing green to white object traveling low and silently in the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Report from aviation veteran anonymous.  PD));2017-10-13 21:00:00;5 minutes;Glowing green to white object traveling low and silently in the sky As I was Driving home around 9 pm on 10/13/2017 from south Manassas to Bristow, Va. with my 27 yr. old son. (a well educated financial director).  We turned the last corner to home.  We suddenly spotted a glowing green ball or sphere shaped object in the sky..  We are Not exactly sure of its shape, because of the intensity of the glow. It remained a steady bright green and was moving slowly toward the East.  It then increased speed somewhat and took a course of a more ENE direction.  After it was finishing the course change, we immediately noticed that as its speed was accelerating, it began to change color from brilliant green to a brilliant white. It continued to fly of to the ENE until it was out of sight.  It made no sound and flew beneath the overcast. We Could only give a guess it its size.  Somewhat like holding a pea out at arms length.  We estimated it was a fairly large object about 7 miles away. Altitude about 3000 ft. silently crossing a large field of view from our vantage point.   I am a 59 yr old aviation industry veteran with 40 yrs of experience.  I am intimately familiar with almost everything that we have operating in our skies.  This was one airborne object that I could not identify, which is baffling to me. I did not see any navigation recognition lights, red lights or any strobes, and there was no sound at all.  It did not exhibit any strange, gyrations or excessive speed changes.  The overall flight characteristics were very fluid.  It appeared to be intelligently controlled, flying a straight horizontal  heading, until the course change, altitude remained steady while making very smooth course corrections.  If there was a crew in there, hand flying, I would say they are well skilled, but more likely on some version of a flight management system. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.7332;-77.5495000000001
