Hundreds of Point-Light-like white lights moving through the sky with changing speed, spatial distances to each other.;2017-07-15 23:15:00;5-7 minutes;Hundreds of &quotPoint-Light-like&quot white lights moving through the sky with changing speed, spacial distances to each other. Witness Background:  (1)	  Engineer (2)	  Wildlife Biologist   Description:  At approximately 11:15 pm, 7/15/17, the following was observed from Lyons, CO, for 5–7 minutes:  --	Clear night no clouds very low light pollution allowed the Milky-Way white glow to be visible Big Dipper visible  --	Hundreds of star-like (point lights with white color) lights were seen moving in the same direction, with different and changing speeds, like a flock of birds would move in relation to each other, but slower…perhaps due to the distance…The spatial distance between them changed the direction of travel changed --	They covered the sky and took 5 – 7 minutes to move through the sky and appeared to change direction as a group.  However, from our point of view, there was one area with the mass of observable lights, but which were also seen in other parts of the sky but less dense. --	Silent.  	No visible trail.  	No apparent predictable formation.  Neither of us has ever seen anything like it. --	It was not a meteor shower because what we observed moved much slower, and were observed over several minutes, while appearing to speed up, slow down, and change direction…also, meteors were seen, but were at a different angle to the direction of travel for what we saw, and obviously much, much faster, only visible for split seconds.   Planes were seen and identified due to red/green/white aviation lights…what we observed was different.  Satellites were seen, usually only one at a time, but never more than two or three together moving in the same path at the same speed…and not changing direction. --	Because we were astonished, we made specific reference to where we were, where the Big Dipper was, etc..;40.2337;-105.3233
2 white objects no observable markings, no lights very high in sky. A commercial aircraft passed beneath objects during observation. Es;2018-09-02 18:07:00;>60 minutes;2 white objects no observable markings, no lights very high in sky. A commercial aircraft passed beneath objects during observation. Estimated height of observed objects is 20-30,000 feet. 2 objects starting evenly spaced between on the same level right object slowly drifted down keeping same distance from other object.  Over a span of 30-40 minutes as the sun began to set right object began to pull more to the right and still below left object.  Left object never changed position at all during observation.  Group observed both objects dissapear at the same moment.  Overall observation of event exceeded an hour.;40.2337;-105.3233
