Black triangular object without any lights, extremely low speed, approx 400ft off of ground, no sound, right over densly populated area;2005-02-08 18:15:00;4 minutes;Black triangular object without any lights, extremely low speed, approx 400ft off of ground, no sound, right over densly populated area I an a software engineering mgr. for Lockheed Martin, 48 yrs old, with significant experience with military aircraft.  I was laying on the trampoline in our backyard looking straight up when I noticed the stars being blotted out by something.  Conditions were clear directly above me, no moon, very dark sky. There was a light cloud layer to the north approx. 800 - 1000 feet high.  I focused on the craft and could see it was about 400 feet above me.  Completely dark with a very light grayish V along the botton.  It was going very, very slowly and there was no sound what so ever. There was also no masking noises in the area to block any sound it might have been making.  It was moving south to north very slowly.  It was extremely difficult to see and although it was very close, it was very, very dark.  It had no lights of any kind.  No wingtip markers, no strobes, no anti-collision lights.  There was significant commercial air traffic in the air and it was flying right under the landing path for BWI aircraft as it traveled north.  As it passed over I got off of the trampoline and walked to the hillside to get a rear view.  When it was between myself and the cloud layer it was almost completely triangular.  I would have thought it was an Stealth Fighter F-117 but the tail was not serated, and it was flying way, way too slowly and with out any marker lights.  I had a good low angle view to its rear and still saw no marker lights.  I thought I should report it.  A thousand of these could have flown over my house and I would never have seen them.  It was extremely difficult to see.  I have seen stealth aircraft at airshows, both in the air and on the ground, but this was totally silent and only going perhaps 30 or 40 mph.  It would have passed directly under BWI landing pattern traffic landing that night from the north, NW of Baltimore.;39.4234;-76.7762000000001
Trianle white lights move across Owings Mills;2009-08-07 21:00:00;30 Seconds;Triangle white lights move across Owings Mills I was looking at the few stars you can see in the area shortly after the Sun went down.  Three lights, white lights, blinking in a strange fashion, were moving in unison across the sky, towards the SW direction.  It took maybe 30 seconds to cross the entire sky.  There were no other lights, and I saw a flash of light coming from behind and above my apartment, which was the direction the triangle lights came from.  I saw a couple more flashes, spaced about by a couple of minutes, a little later, seemingly a bit more west each time.   Shortly after, I went inside.  Usually, planes don't seem so large unless you are closer to the airport, there were no other lights around this craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.4234;-76.7762000000001
