Low flying, very slow, very quite, triangular shaped aircraft with two large white lights & one small white light;2011-11-29 18:00:00;10 minutes;Low flying, very slow, very quite, triangular shaped aircraft with two large white lights & one small white light My son and I were travelling down a main highway on the way home, just 9 miles from town. I had noticed a single whitish light in the distance, but wasn't sure what it was.  As I continued to drive, the light was still there, and the location had not changed.  It was dark, but the sky was still somewhat lit. We pulled over and parked in a church parking lot about a mile from our home, sat and watched. The aircraft continued to hover in the same area.  All of a sudden, the center white light went off, and two round larger lights came on.  The aircraft SLOWLY started coming towards us. At this point, I'd say it was a few hundred feet up.  Neither of us could see any height to this aircraft. It appeared flat. It was VERY quiet, not like the normal loud airplane passover sound you would hear. Again, it was very low, and very slow.  It was so quiet that you had to listen really close just to hear the engine. As it started coming closer I could see that the lights we! re on either end of each wing.  As it flew over us, I could just make out outline of the underside of it, and it was triangular shaped, sort of like under one of the fighter jet, but clearly had no front end, and no tail. It was clearly a triangular shaped aircraft. I honestly have no idea how big this thing was.  I just know that at the height it was flying, it was a fairly large aircraft.  I've never seen a plan fly that slow, and have never heard one that quiet.  Thank goodness my son was with me, otherwise everyone would think I was crazy.  I took a few second video from my old cellphone the image is small, but you can see the two lights and lightly hear the engine. It was dark, so really the only thing you can make out are the two larger lights.;32.313;-93.8852
