What i seen was a large dark colored v shaped craft,with 5 sets of lights on it's under side.;1982-07-20 19:00:00;10 minutes;I can't say what the actual date was, as i have never reported this officially and it's been 25 years so bear with me. Well i was ten years old at the time and myself and all the other neighborhood kids were playing a game of kick the can. It was just starting to get a little darker out side and the street light in front of our house had just come on, so i know it was around 7 o'clock. When one of the other kids kicked the can we all came running to the goal, which was the street lamp post in front of my house, located at the intersection of chestnut hill ave and the crescent street extension.  One of the other kids looked up and said hay whats that,and we all looked to where he was pointing.What i seen was a large dark colored v shaped craft,with 5 sets of lights on it's under side.The five sets of lights where in groups of three in a triangle pattern,with one group of three lights at the front of the craft and the other groups going down the two sides of the v shape. I am the kind of person that remembers every thing, so my estimate of the size of the craft would be 300 ft wing span and around 200 ft in length. We heard no sound at all and it appeared to be only a few hundred feet above the tree tops directly over the crescent street extension, we were very close to it, i could see the bottom of the craft and it looked a lot like what our modern stealth bombers look like, with a flat black paint look, and different lines that seem to outline access panels.  The craft just hovered there for about 2 minutes as we all watched in awe, then it slowly started moving south directly over my house then the millers river, all the time it seemed to keep the exact same altitude following the land as if it was locked into some kind of gps that kept it exactly the same height off the ground. We watched it go down over the river and then back up the other side, then it went up over stans auto body shop and then the jr high school then out of our range of site.the whole time we were walking around for the best position to see it from,so we all got an eye full.   At one point i was directly under it so i seen it well and will never forget it.It displayed flight characteristics i have never seen from any stealth craft. in the way that it just hovered there, and remained completely silent even though i was that close to it ,also when it did move it moved so slow that it could not have been held in the air by normal aerodynamics,it just didn't move fast enough to generate any lift.  Once it was on the other side of the river we could see the side profile a bit better, and there was nothing significant there, just more dark flat black like the bottom,and i would say it was about 10 feet thick,that is,if it were on the ground it would be 10 feet tall. The back of the craft did seem to be an exhaust of some kind, and it looked glowing hot ,but i heard no sound,and the glow was blue not red like i would expect from a jets after burners. I have seen this story on the television show unsolved mystery's,and those witnesses described it as five planes flying in formation,i can see why they would think that because the lights on the bottom did make it look like 5 plans in formation.But i got real close so i can tell you it was one solid object for sure.but i do believe we seen the same thing, myself and those people in new york that were on unsolved mystery's ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.5996;-72.2287999999999
