UFO hovers right above a rural house and field;1995-11-15 23:00:00;10 minutes;UFO hovers right above a rural house and field It was 11:00pm, and I had just finished watching the TV show ER, the news was about to come on.  I lived in a house that is in a field, but surrounded by woods, it is the highest point in the town.  On a clear night it is absolutely beautiful, you can see everything in the sky, including all flight paths of planes crossing over you.  There was one person in the room with me, and my younger sisters were asleep in their room.  She exclaimed to me What is that out there over the trees?!?  The forest started maybe 1/4 mile away from the back of the house.  I looked and I figured it was just a really bright star, but then I realized I had never seen that star in that position in the sky ever.  I thought this was really odd because my family and I would lay outside and look at the stars all of the time.  I got a pair of binaculars to get a better picture of it and I saw that it wasn't just one light, like a star, it was two lights very close together, it looked like the headlights of a car.  It sat there for maybe 2 or 3 minutes, and then all of sudden it became just one light instead of two.  I sat there and watched it with this other person, who I might add firmly did not believe in aliens or UFO's, for another couple of seconds.  Suddenly, the light went straight up into the air and hoovered at this new height for another 10 or 15 seconds.  I started to run around my house, turning off all lights, TV, everything electrical that was on.  In my mind somehow I think I was afraid that if it sensed electricity or something coming from my house it would try to land, seeing that my house was the only house in the middle of this big field.  I had never experienced any thing like this, I didn't know what to do.  At this point in time all we could see of it was this headlight.  Then, it starts moving across the field in the direction of my house.  There was absolutely no noise coming from it, there was just complete silence outside.  I was standing out in the open on my back porch so that way I could clearly se! e what i t was doing I was terrified.  It continued to move very slowly across the field, I am not sure how high it was off the ground though.  It finally crossed over the corner of my house, about 100ft. above me.  It was a circular or oval type shape, I could see a red dim outline of the craft, like it had red lights all the bottom if it. It was still completely silent.  It moved over my house and kept moving across the field, but to the left now heading towards the trees on the left of my house.  I ran to the big windows on that side of my house and saw it go over the trees.  All I could see of it now was the faint red glow.  It went up over the trees, it raised straight up again and then I could not see it any more.  The other person and I did not know what to do.  We knew that we should call somebody or report it but we didn't know who to call.  She called our local police station, they didn't really say anything.  I told my father the next day about what had happened and he confided in my that he had seen things out there at night before too, but nothing that close to the house or the ground.  That was the end of it.  I have not seen anything like that since then, I do not live there anymore, but my family still does and as far as I know nothing like that has happend again.  At the time I was 16 years old, and the other witness was about 24 or 25.  I have always thought that it was extremely possible for these things to happen, but like I had mentioned before the other witness totally did not believe in aliens or UFO's or anything like that.  After this incident she does and is totally convinced that what we saw was a UFO> ((NUFORC Note:  Date in November 1995 is approximate.  We spoke with this witness, and we found her to be lucid, eloquent, and quite sincere about her reported sighitng.  PD));39.6022;-75.9529
