6 orange lights were seen in Pittsburgh, PA.;2012-07-04 21:30:00;5 minutes;6 orange lights were seen in Pittsburgh, PA. On the night of the 4th of July, 2012 near Pittsburgh, PA, strange orange lights were spotted in the sky. There were 8 witnesses to these crafts. Assuming they were fireworks, they were ignored until they began hovering horizontally.  One appeared, then another and soon there were 4. They were all equidistant from one another and slowly moving across the sky.  They were orange and flickered. They were way off in the distance so I am not sure what city they were right above.  Then one by one they flickered out after 5 minutes. 10 minutes later one lonely orange light appeared in the same spot as the others for about a minute and flickered out. An hour later, one light was seen right above us moving pretty fast.  There is an airport near by and aircrafts can be heard from the area but there was no sound.  It was very bright orange and pulsated gently.  It looked similar to a fireball.  The pulsating light seemed to move in and out from the object but never separated ! from it.  The craft didn’t fly off into the distance, it just disappeared.;40.3633;-79.8633
Standing on the porch talking on the landline phone, a bright orange ball with a tail-like flame appeared over a neighbor’s home moving;2013-11-25 19:00:00;2 minutes;Standing on the porch talking on the landline phone, a bright orange ball with a tail-like flame appeared over a neighbor’s home moving in a semi-arch pattern.   It then continued moving in a horizontal direction over 2 other homes, at which time the tail-like flame was not seen.   For approximately 2 minutes it either remained stationary or moved slowly in an east to west direction.  During this time, it became either bright or dim.   I went inside to get my mobile phone in attempt to photograph the object and upon returning to the porch, it was no longer visible.   I was not aware another neighbor was outside as well and upon talking to him at least 45 minutes afterwards, he indicated witnessing same.   He also showed me a picture taken of a similar object above another neighbor’s home a few evenings prior to today. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.3633;-79.8633
