A pulsating UFO people!!;2007-01-15 18:27:00;5 minutes;A pulsating UFO people!! UFO Sighting- January 15, 2007  West Mifflin, PA-6:27 pm  	I saw a black ball with a ring around it, it was pulsating a bright blue color. It was hovering for a few minutes. Then it shrunk to a small size and shot up in the air. That was the last time i saw it. Yis occured around the West Mifflin, PA area. Please investigate this ''UFO'' please. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));40.3633;-79.8633
Perfect sphere almost translucent but with a slight cloud like color moving across sky;2017-07-07 21:00:00;30 seconds;Perfect sphere almost translucent but with a slight cloud like color moving across sky Driving home through West Mifflin, PA, we were stopped at a light at the intersection of Route 885 and Lebanon Church Road.  It was a very cloudy evening, and the sun was going down, but it was still bright.  Our kids (ages 19 and 11) started yelling to look at the UFO moving through the clouds!  The entire sky was cloud covered, so my husband, my mother and I had trouble finding it.   At first I thought the kids were just messing with me because they know I believe in UFO’s and no one else in the car did, so I didn’t look.  However, the panic and excitement in their voices along with the frantic pointing made me think this might not be a joke.   Due to the amount of heavy cloud cover, I was still unable to see it.   They took the cell phone and made a clear live picture of it moving very quickly in a straight line.  I have to say, when we looked at it, you can clearly see a perfectly round sphere moving quickly through the clouds just as they said.  Other than its shape being a perfect sphere, the color was odd.  It was the same color as clouds but slightly lighter.  Not metallic, not white, almost translucent.   That along with the perfect round shape and the fast movement made it visible against the back drop of the darker blue cloud.  It could have easily gone unnoticed if you were not looking in its direction.  This was not an airplane.   My husband, the complete skeptic said, “I don’t know what it was, but I know it wasn’t a plane.  It certainly was odd and something to consider.” ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she sounded to us to be quite sober-minded.  We suspect that she is a highly reliable witness.  PD));40.3633;-79.8633
