High flying light heading north stopped and then vanished on a clear night.;2004-07-21 23:06:00;<1 minute;High flying light heading north stopped and then vanished on a clear night. I was on my balcony, which faces south, having a cigarette and looking at the stars. Suddenly out of the southern sky is a light heading due north. I assumed it was either a high flying plane or a satelite (probably a satelite because of the apparent altitude and speed), I've seen quite a few in the last 3 or 4 weeks which I believed were satelites because of their apparent altitude and speed (I watch the ISS whenever I can and their speed is comparable although slightly faster). It was heading directly over my head when it suddenly stopped and then about 5 seconds later just vanished. The sky is very clear with no clouds whatsoever and where it vanished was among a number of stars. As far as I am aware, satelites cannot just stop in mid orbit and neither can high flying planes. Were it not for it stopping and then vanishing, I would not have found it unusual, I would have just assumed it was a satelite.;47.7541;-122.2475
Orange orbs over Kenmore, Wa.  Witnessed by 5;2014-04-27 21:20:00;20 minutes;Orange orbs over Kenmore Wa. Witnessed by 5. What I saw was orange orbs.  2 over about 20 min.  First one  below clouds that were about 2000 ft. It slowly came from the west.  First thought it was plane landing lights except it was orange.  No red,green or flashing beacons.  Just a slight pulsating to the orange light. Then it stoped and didn't move for several minutes.  That's when I got the binoculars out to try and see detail.  Only could see  orange slightly pulsating light.  Then it starting moving again only directly south.  Slow steady movement slightly pulsating then slowly fading out. I thought I could see only a red dot after it faded.  About 10 min. later here comes another one.  This came from the south heading north.  Only very bright and low.  Same pulsating orange orb type light.  It moved slow then faded.   What I saw was dull compared to what 5 neighbors saw.  They called me about 10 min. before my sighting to tell they saw groups of 3 to 5 orange orbs together slowly coming from the west then they turned south and went into the clouds.  They were speechless and confused at what they saw.  I said sure till I saw them myself.   No clue to what it was.  Only thing slightly different that day was thunder storms had built up during the day.  What I saw was definitely a unidentified aerial phenomenon!;47.7541;-122.2475
