Craft's over Firth Lake in Cornell, Wisconsin;2009-11-24 00:30:00;5 minutes;Craft's over Firth Lake in Cornell, Wisconsin  500 Lights On Object0: Yes The first craft was observed during wisconsin deer gun season.  There are three total witnesses.  The events I will cover happened in the same exact location on Chippewa County public land over Firth Lake Latitude: 45.2024648 Longitude: -91.2134803.  The first craft was observed as Witness A was peering out of the camper window because they noticed lights outside.  Witness A and Witness B went outside to check it out and Witness C stayed in the camper and pulled the blankets over their head.  The object looked like about 20 lanterns hovering directly over Firth Lake approximately 15-20 feet above the lake.  Witness B picked up a flash light and was going to shine it at the craft, Witness A yelled at Witness B not to do that.  There were many bright white lights, however, you could tell it was only 1 craft and it was circular in shape and huge.  The craft just sat there for about 5 minutes and then in an instant shot directly up into the sky and was out of sight.  The second sighting was during bow hunting season approximately a year later.  Approximately 3pm witness D was in a tree stand and could see Firth Lake.  Out of no where comes 1 very bright white orb.  It was observed going around Firth Lake in a circular motion at a fast speed as well as moving up and down over the lake and then vanished into the woods.  Witness D was at first was amazed and then suddenly overcome with fear.  Witness D hasn't been back since  Background Witness A - Army/Airforce/Truck Driver 74 years old Witness B - Army/Plant Manager 45 years old Witness C - Nursing Home Activity Director 72 years old Witness D - Metal Injection Molding Operations 25 years old  I am not sure if this is a government agency I am reporting to or just some MUFON type of business.  I would really like to know what in the hell is going on there, I have heard there have been other sightings.  I haven't been back there to deer hunt since because I am just creeped the hell out by it.  People say it's just the Military, but why would they fly over Firth Lake?  There is nothing there for the Military...it's county hunting land.  I think some tests need to be done in that water there is something about that tiny lake that is attracting these things.  I would be willing to point anyone to the exact location where the crafts come to.  I used to enjoy hunting there with my family.  Ever since this I have not been back, I tried, but I get this erie feeling that someone or something is watching me and I always have to watch my back there.  I know it can't be military, why would they fly in like that in some wierd craft during hunting season?  What kind of Military personnel would fly around in a white orb doing circles around some random tiny lake?  I could see MAYBE flying in that large circle craft, however, that thing literally shot up into space so fast there is no way a human would survive....at least to my knowledge of G's.  What would happen if someone shot at one of these with a high caliber deer rifle? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.1619;-91.1733
