three swiftly moving blue blurs each about 30 meters in length, however it was blurred;1997-08-15 00:35:00;3seconds;three swiftly moving blue blurs each about 30 meters in length, however it was blurred the three objects were white then when I looked at them they sped off and changed to a blue color and left a trail of approx. 30 meters it then disappered. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have arbitrarily assigned a date in August 1997.  PD));35.3002;-114.2215
We were  driving down a dirt side road in Golden Valley when we spotted in the sky over the hills a ball of light with a fan shaped bea;1999-03-04 19:00:00;3 minutes;We were  driving down a dirt side road in Golden Valley when we spotted in the sky over the hills a ball of light with a fan shaped beam of light coming out of one side of it. It was not moving but just hovering over the hills between Golden Valley and Laughlin. We stopped the car and  got out and started taking pictures. suddenly the ball of light dissappeared behind the fanned shaped beam of light. Then both the ball of light and  the fan shaped beam of light dissappeared leaving a misty light slowly faded away. We got back in the car and drove about a 100 yards when we spotted another ball of light with a trail of light behind it moving fast towards the ground behind the hills until it vanished. On 3/4/99 around 7:00 P.M. my girlfriend, her brother and girlfriend and myself were driving down a dirt road in Golden Valley Atrizona on our way to Lauglin. It was completely dark at this time. Clear sky. I was in the passenger seat and my girlfriend was driving. The hills between Golden Valley and Laughlin were on my right as I looked out the passenger window. My girlfriend noticed an object out the passenger side window over the hills. I looked and saw the object. My girlfriends brother who lives in Golden Valley immidiately screamed to stop the car. I jumped out of the car. Over the hill hovered a large  white ball of light with a large fan shaped beam of very white lite coming directly outwards of its right side. The white fan shaped beam of light looked as if it had some sort of mist spraying in it. The ball of light that the beam was coming out of was a lighter white. It seemed to be round shaped but it was hard to see its form. As I began to take pictures it looked as if the ball of light suddenly moved behind the fan shaped beam of light. Then both the ball and beam of light vanished leaving a misty looking afterglow. This all happened in about 1 to 2 minutes. The object made absolutely no sounds at anytime. Then we noticed what looked like a fast moving plane flying towards where the object had dissappeard. We got back into the car and drove about a 100 yards when we spotted another object. This one was farther east over the hills. This was a large ball of white light with a white tail of  misty white light coming out of it. It appeared to be moving fast downwards towards the ground until it dissappeared. I am a Quality Inspector from Tukwila Washington, my girlfriend is an employee at Boeing worker and my girlfriends brother and girlfriend live and work in the Golden Valley area. None of us have ever seen a UFO before and are completely certain of what we saw.;35.3002;-114.2215
Brightly lit then disappeared.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus??  PD));2009-03-06 20:00:00;5 minutes;Brightly lit then disappeared My mother, my boyfriend, and I were just outside, and there was this really bright thing in the sky, again. So we took the camcorder, and zoomed in and up close it was a circular and had an aura of light around it.  When I looked back up, it disappeared, then reappeared slowly. Then came a little closer, then completely went away. -  This is the 3rd time this has happened over the past 2 months, each being in a different spot. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus??  PD));35.3002;-114.2215
small white dot. emitting two short burst's of white cone shaped light.;2011-08-30 20:20:00;10-15 sec's;small white dot. emitting two short burst's of white cone shaped light. looking up 90 degrees and to the east at the center of Milky Way. saw what appeared to be a Satelite. Small very faint. Moving as fast as they seem to.   Suddenly from the object was a very intence white cone shaped light.  Moving around like it was looking for something near the object.  I said to my wife, Did you see that?  She said she saw a flash. Then said I see the satelite.   Just then it happened again.  Very cone shaped moving around from the object.  Did not seem to reach down very far.  Very close to object.  Continued to move to the north till it was gone.  Did not stray from straight north course. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to provide no contact information.  PD));35.3002;-114.2215
