Metallic looking craft over Golden Valley, AZ.;2010-10-16 17:30:00;30-60 seconds;Metallic looking craft over Golden Valley, AZ. I was traveling home to Oatman from Kingman on my motorcycle.  I had been at Chillin on Beal Street.  A local classic car event.  I remember leaving early, as my battery in my motorcycle was weak and I wanted to get through the Black Mountains mountains before dark. I turned onto the Oatman Rd (Historic Route 66) in Golden Valley. I had 20 miles to go to reach Oatman and the sun was falling.  Riding due west I would be riding directly into the sun.  Golden Vally is rather expansive area between the Black mountains to the west, the Hualapai mountains to the S East and Cerbats to N East.  While on my motorcycle I have habit of always scanning the area I ride.  Looking from side to side, especially for animals that may be near the road. I was approximately 3-4 miles along that 12 mile stretch before reaching the mountains when looking to my left something caught my peripheral vision to look up. There, I saw what I could best describe as a metallic looking, semi-cylindrical object.  My best description would be it was shaped like an airstream trailer, cylindrical with rounded ends.  The underside appeared flat and was dark (shadowed) the upper shining as the sun was bright and there were no clouds in the sky.   The craft seemed to be rising or hovering.  It's hard to discern the exact height or size, but if you extend your arm and hand fully, it would be about as wide as two fingers.   It had no wings or appendages, and if it made a sound, I could not hear it, as I was riding and could only hear wind and exhaust note from my bike.  I will say with certainty it was not a balloon or dirigible.   I stared at it for a short time trying to register in my mind what I was seeing, at which time I turned my head to correct my steering as I was drifting into oncoming lane.  I then looked back up to view it again and it was gone.  I pulled to the side of the road and scanned the sky in all directions with a view of 20 miles or more in all directions and could not see it.  I continued on home all the while searching the sky for it but never saw it again.;35.3002;-114.2215
