Possible meterorite;2008-05-16 22:11:00;1 sec;Possible meterorite Looking north a fireball went from east to west. Most likely a meterorite. No tail observed. About 20 degrees above horizon.;40.55;-123.1581
My mother and I shared a house in the mountains in Trinity county , Ca. I was winding up a day of working around the property, brushing;2013-07-15 20:00:00;10-15 minutes;My mother and I shared a house in the mountains in Trinity county, Ca.  I was winding up a day of working around the property, brushing.It was in that part of the day where the days summer heat was starting to wane down.  I was sitting in a chair that faced NNW looking down the valley towards the town of Hayfork.  We lived about 7 miles from town in a very mountainous rural area, with sparce populations of people.   I was on the phone talking to a friend of mine on the coast, when I spied , what looked like a slow moving craft of some sort coming down the valley moving in a SSE direction, basically heading right straight at me.  I was talking to my friend and was telling him, I think a marijuana spotter helicopter was cruising my way.  It had what appeared forward facing lights of a strong intensity that were very, very bright even in the waning sunshine.  It just kept coming toward me, ever so slowly and without any sound.  I thought this very strange as it was close e! nough to hear the noise of a helicopter, if it was a helicopter.  It was to low and flying way to slow to be a fixed wing plane.  So, this peaked my attention, big-time, and just sat in the chair and kept talking on the phone to my friend telling him what I am seeing.It just kept coming towards me and the lights began to move in a haphazardly way without any type of directional pattern, one would see on a normal aircraft.  As it approached , even closer the light slowly evolved in to one big mass of very, very, very blinding silverfish white light, like a giant arc-welder light in the sky.  All this time it was very low to the ground maybe 150-200 ft., but because its light was so strong I couldn't make a real good measure of height.  It finally arrived over me and it cast great light through our trees, because we lived in the forest under a canopy of Douglas Fir trees.   Absolutely no noise came from this craft and at that time, I told my friend on my wireless phone I was watching a! U.F.O. hovering over me and the house.  It was so damned bright! I absolutely could not make out any type of shape.  It appeared to be a big mass of flames , hovering in the sky.  I got out of my chair, still on the phone walking under it as it moved to the SSE up the mountain behind our house.  It gradually rose higher in the air to negotiate the mountain and so I started up the hill trying to I.D. this thing.  It went behind a dense bunch of canopy and I expected to emerge out on the clear side of the branches, but it was gone.  It just disappeared, almost just like turning off a household light at night it, it was just gone.  The whole time I was on the phone with my buddy describing it to him and he just listened the whole time.  The phone never made any type of noise, since it was a cordless house phone it remained clear and no static.  I have never seen anytype of flying craft like that before, so I am totally convinced I witnessed a real close encounter with an unkown type of U.F.O craft, what ever they are.  This all TOO true and kinda wish I didn't see it, let alone it being so close to me over-head!!  Thanks!! ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));40.55;-123.1581
