I now make sure the boat trailer lights always work;1980-05-15 00:30:00;10 minutes;I now make sure the boat trailer lights always work Me and my brother were coming home from a night of fishing at Island lake just Sourh of lengby mm. We took the back way home because the lights on the boat trailer didn't work and I knew nobody would be on the gravel county roads.  About 3 or 4 miles from home I was driving past a friends farm.  The county road runs east and west the farm was south of the road. As I was driving I seen a light beam coming from atop of the trees in the pasture shining to the ground. I slowed down and stopped on the county road rolled down the window and put my head out to look at the object. It was stationary hovering I guess about half mile or so from the road what ever it was I thought it definitely was looking for or at something in the pasture. There was no sound no blade sounds like a helicopter makes no movement just hovering.  My brother was sleeping in the passenger side of the truck. White I was watching the object it was over the pasture 800 yards away to over the truck in less then a second. I never seen it move other then it was there and now over me hovering. It was a disk like craft lights around the edge and light panels? In the bottom still no sound justvhovering 30 or 40 feet above us.  At this time I reached over to my brother and shook him and said bro you ain't going to believe this.  He woke up and said what? I pointed up on the windshield and said that .  He goes what is that I answered what does it look like. About that time it went from right above our head and I would like to say it flew but I never seen it move. It just went from being over us then it was to the north about 3/4 mile away over one of other friends pig barn  blink of a eye is how fast it moved.  About that time my brother who was 14 at the time was freaked out he start telling me I want to go home  I put the truck in gear cause like him I seen enough.  We had 3 or 4 miles to get to our small farm site I was driving about 35 to 45 miles a hour I wanted to just floor it but I knew that wasn't going to do anything but put us in the ditch, infact my brother now screaming at me drive faster I looked over at him kinda laughing what's that gonna help you seen how fast it moves all that's going to do is put us in the ditch and we don't want that. I quit looking at the ship and just concentrating on the road and turns I had the way. I asked my brother is it following us he answered yes That's the first time I felt fearful. It paralleld us the whole way home as we parked the pickup and running to the house it shot straight up in the night sky and it was gone;47.6524;-95.8811
