The object hovered over my bedroom window with spinning circular lights;1977-07-15 21:30:00;1.5 minutes;The object hovered over my bedroom window with spinning circular lights I am ((deleted--thirties)) years old now and presently working at the ((deleted--senior legal position)) in San Francisco. I have never forgotten about what I believe to be a UFO experience that happened a long time ago around the year 1977 when I was about 11 years old. I'm not too sure about the date since I was a young kid. But I figure it had to be between the years 1976-1978 because I was in Elementary School and around 10-12 years old during the time. My family and I lived on the 3rd floor of an apartment-housing complex during the time. It was one night about 9:30p.m. My three sisters and I were all sitting in my mom's bedroom in a half circle while we intently listened as my mom read to us a storybook. I was the only one directly facing my mom's bedroom window, which faces an outside courtyard with planted trees and grass near the main street of Valencia and Albion Street. During the reading, I saw what appeared to be a shadow of a large object with spinning rotating lights (red, yellow, blue, green) going around it. (Not to sure about the colors, but it had many different colors) The lights only shown dimly through the window shade and curtains but just strong enough to attract my attention. This object with the rotating lights went pass the window QUICKLY back and forth about 3-4 times totaling about 15 seconds. I wondered what that object with lights could be? After the 4th time when it passed (end of 15 seconds), I remembered calling out to everyone in the room, Wow, did you guys see that, those colorful light? Apparent no one noticed it except me. And unfortunately, back then when I was a kid (only boy in the family), I was always pulling jokes and teasing my sisters, therefore no one took me serious and went to the window. I must have told them at least 3 times to look at the window, because I seen something strange. But, I guess I told them to LATE, because by the 4th time (end of 15 seconds) when my brain finally registered what was happening to call out look, the object had made it's final pass from behind the window shade and curtains (I thing it was just hovering/hiding along the back left side of the cement building wall or high above the building roof, I don't know). Anyway, I tried telling my family I seen something, but my mom told me to stop interrupting the reading of the story. No one believed me. At that point I got up and lift the shade and curtains aside and looked out my mom's windows. I saw nothing through the trees but I was sure there was something there. Then I decided to get a better angle view so I quickly ran to my empty and dark bedroom and look out my bedroom window, which is to the right side of my mom's bedroom window. On the left side of the building I saw this round circular object. It was about the size of a car or van but it was completely circular in form. Beneath the bottom of the circular object it had many colored bright lights built all around it. The lights were spinning. The object did not have any sound as it moved and hovered. The technology was unlike anything that we had back then or now. It was the quietest thing I ever seen. There was a large glass window on one side of the craft. This is where it gets unbelievable and really weird. But this is honestly true! I saw only the shadowy outline of three skinny figures inside the craft. It appears as if they were passing their hands over lighted panels or some how using their hands on the front of the craft that appeared to be some kind of lighted control panel to maneuver the craft. I could NOT see their faces or inside the craft clearly because it was too dark inside the craft and the spinning lights obstructed my view. I started to call out to my family once AGAIN but changed my mind, because it looked as if this craft was going to depart and it would probably be gone by the time they got to the window in the next room. Anyhow, I doubted that I could somehow convinced them to at lease get to the window in time before it flew away, they seem more interested at listening to the read! ing of my mom’s story. I was speechlessly staring at the object almost in deep wonderment for about five seconds. At that point, to my surprise, it did not fly away. In fact it flew closer to my bedroom window hovering there. At that point, although being an extremely curious and inquisitive kid, I remembered getting nervous (and it took a lot to make me nervous, I didn’t scare easily as most people- not then and not now). I remembered letting the curtains and shade go and running back toward the room door about eight steps. Then I could see the hovering object lights through the shade and the curtains silently back away from my window at a distance. I could not help but to be so curious, no one will ever believe me I thought. I decided to run back a second time to my window and lift the shade and curtains. The object was still hovering at a distance, but when I came back to the window it flew close to my window a second time. I got frighten and ran away from the window again. The object seems to sense my reaction because it withdrew from the window again at a distance. I was amazed at the QUICK precise speed and exactness it moved between our building (without hitting or smashing the walls) and without making a sound at that close level. Therefore, although feeling a little nervous, I was filled with curiosity, I decided to go back to my empty bedroom window a third time. I looked at the object hovering at a safer distance for about 8 second. At that point, I heard the voices of children in our neighborhood running and playing. Although, it was around 9:30 p.m., I remember children in my poor neighborhood always stayed out playing hide and seek real late at night (especially during the summer months-if I got the month/date correct). Anyway, I think the children in the neighborhood also seen it because I heard one of them yell, There it is, up there.  Then the object begins to slowly depart higher and higher without a sound (it was weird how it did not speed off fast to conceal itself). I think it begin! s to fly toward the east of San Francisco near the freeway near Mission and Fourteen Street. I have never seen anything like that again my entire life. I was thinking, I had a pretty good unique view of the object. Since these objects usually fly in the sky, most people only see them when they have both feet on the ground. I was able to see the object eye level at my window around nine feet away. I was thinking, that is probably the reason why I was able to have a unique view of the figures inside the craft. Anyway, ever since that experience, whenever the subject of UFO comes up I always tell my wife and friends what I experienced. Since they know my characteristics, they know I seen something but they all say they find it very difficult to believe it was a UFO. I don’t blame them, because if I did NOT see it myself I would find it very difficult to believe any one also. But I will tell you one thing, for some strange reason, I wish I could see it again! I have already searched your database to see if anyone else has experienced seeing a similar strange object in the sky around the time of 1976-1978. There is ONE other record in your database, which occurred on 7/15/78. I wonder if it is the same as my experience except either he or I was a little off with the date. Since the person who recorded the event on 7/15/78 was NOT detailed as to the street and area of San Francisco, can you please tell me if the experience in your database that occurred on 7/15/78 match my experience, meaning did it happen near the SAME area as me - the Mission Area, around Valencia and 15th and Albion Street? ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
RED OBJECT IN THE SKY!;1978-09-01 03:00:00;5 minutes;RED OBJECT IN THE SKY! I was about 11 or 12 years old and I remember still to this day what occured around September, 1978, I am not sure of the exact date.  I was home sick with a cold and not in school.  My brother stayed home as well, because he too did not feel well.  My mother is a housewife, so she was taking care of us.  It was around 3:00 p.m. which is when school lets out my older brother was coming home from school.  I knew that he would be coming home soon.  My brother played the violin so I knew that he would be carrying his violin case with him.  For some reason around 3:10 to 3:15 p.m. I had an urge to want to go out the front door.  So I opened the door and I did!  I began to run down the stairs, my brother followed me out and my mother ran after me to get me back into the house.  At that exact time I saw my older brother coming around the corner of the Street.  He was looking up into the sky and walking really fast.  I noticed that he seemed nervous looking into the sky ever so many seconds.  I later looked up into the sky and noticed that what he was starting at was a large & I mean large object that was bright red and a perfect circle.  My mother stoped pulling on my shirt at that time because I noticed that she noticed it too, and so did my brother.  The object had to be the half size of a house, thats how large it was in the sky.  The bright red object moved as if it was following my brother and my brother at that time started running to the house.  I noticed that then the object came closer and then it just hoovered in a stationary position for about 10 to 12 seconds and then the object took off in a matter of 2 to 3 seconds and it was gone.  The one main thing that caught my attention about this object was that their was no sound, not when it stayed in stationary position and not when it took off.  It was a beautiful bright red, but it didn't blind you.  I saw no patterns of any kind to on the red object to see if it had any form of a design.  Later that evening it came out on channel 7 news and it was ! seen in the entire city of San Francisco.  But they dismissed the object to be a red air balloon.  I may have been 11 and my brother 13 and my older brother 16 and my mother about 49 years old, but I could tell you this the government might want to fool the people, this was no red air balloon.  I have seen lots of red air balloons, and not one of them ever looked like the object that I saw in the sky. Did any one ever see this object, I wanted to find an article that came out in the news paper, but I cannot seem to find one.  If you have this article of the object that was seen around 1977 to 1978, please email me at: ((e-address deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  If anyone remembers this incident, or its date, please submit a report, or contact us.  Thank you.  PD));37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
Round shiny object emitting three rows of blue pulsing arc rays.;1993-09-15 21:00:00;3 to 4 minutes;Round shiny object emitting three rows of blue pulsing arc rays. I was with my friend at San Francisco's Lake Merced while doing some night time fishing. The night was cool and there was some overcast clouds as we were talking and fishing, then I spotted some lights overhead and thought they were coming from hi-beams such as an automobile. I thought they might be police patrol car spotlights (we were not supposed to be fishing at night because the lake was closed after dark) So now we were on the alert and thinking  we would get busted by cops so we remained silent for a minute or two. Then, across from the lake we saw a bright round metal ball about 20 to 25 feet in diameter peek out from behind a tree top, while hovering some 30 to 40 feet above the ground. At first I thought it was a spotlight that someone was projecting onto the trees, but almost simultaneously I realized that there was no attached beam that could be making the spotlight, plus , it was partially obscured by the tree tops. My friend and I looked at eachother and   we could not believe our own eyes! Then, the light slowly went back behind the trees and suddenly was gone. A few moments afterwards, the light appeared directly above the lake (approx. 100 feet or less above the water) but this time the shiny round object was obscured by the overcast clouds/fog but we could still see it shining. The next thing that happened will stay in my memory forever, this thing started emitting three sets of light blue arced pulse-typed  light rays. They were coming down in three rows and when they hit the surface of the water they simultaneously bounced back up through the arc stream for about 10 to 15 seconds and this thing made absolutely no noise. After this , it took off and was gone forever.This event happened 12 years ago but I remember most of the details clearly as if it just happened. After watching Peter Jennings' report on UFO's two nights ago, I learned of the National UFO Reporting Center and this was my experience. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
Saw dark circular object under the water just off SFO airport moving towards San Mateo Bridge at a fast speed.;2000-06-23 15:30:00;10 seconds;Saw dark circular object under the water just off SFO airport moving towards San Mateo Bridge at a fast speed. I was in a plane heading for Vancouver, B.C. from San Francisco International Airport and just as we took off I looked out the window on the starboard side and saw in the water that surrounds the airport a dark circular shape on or just under the water. What made me focus on it was that it was moving towards a long bridge structure and it was moving pretty fast.(I have since found out that the only bridge that it could be was the San Mateo Bridge) The dark object had a diameter of about 100 feet and naturally as the plane I was in was climbing it got smaller in size. Unfortunately, I was not able to see what transpired when the object approached the bride as the wing impeded my view. No turbulence was notice in front of the object nor behind it as it moved swiftly. Therefore, I concluded that it had to be underwater but how could an object move that quickly underwater without churning up water and leaving a trail. I also considered at the time it was happening that it was a shadow but it was moving perpendicular to our flight path. ((NUFORC Note:  A second, slightly different version of report was submitted by the same witness.  PD)) I was in a plane just seconds after take-off from SFO for Canada when I looked out from my window seat onto the water below and saw a dark circular object moving rapidly at right angles to our flight path. It was headed for the San Mateo Bridge coming from the northwest direction. (I have since looked on the internet what bridge is closest to SFO as I am not familiar with San Francisco at all). The object caught my attention as it was moving rather quickly for something on the water though it did not have any turbulence associated with it. My initial immpression was that it was a shadow somehow created by the airplane however, I have been in enough airplanes and seen the shadow of the plane I have been in to know that this was not the case (usually wings and tailfin are recognizable). During the experience of watching it I concluded it that had to be an underwater object. Looking at what direction it was going in I could see that the eastern end of the bridge was in its way it had to either change direction, slow down or emerge from the water and hop over the bridge structure as this end of the bridge is solid underneath. Unfortunately, I was not able to witness what happened as the wing of the plane blocked my view. The reason why I am logging this sighting is to find out if anyone on the bridge at that time saw something emerge out of water.;37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
Tiny object high in the blue afternoon sky, remaining motionless for 5 minutes;2003-01-01 15:00:00;5 min;Tiny object high in the blue afternoon sky, remaining motionless for 5 minutes My husband and I were walking down the street when he pointed out a tiny white speck at an extremely high altitude up in the blue sky. It was completely stationary and remained so for at least five minutes. This was not a cloud. Although it was small it was a clearly defined object. I don't think many people had even seen it- you had to look very carefully. The strange thing is that my husband has seen the exact same thing about 3 years ago in Seattle. He was looking out of his bedroom window when he noticed a white object high in the clear blue sky.  It hung motionless. He grabbed his  video camera and zoomed in. It appeared to be a white circular shaped object After a couple of minutes  it seemed to change into a series of 5 smaller discs, which rotated in a circular formation and moved ever so slowly , (still stopping and hanging in space once in awhile,) out of the range of the camera. (He still has this film but has never sent it in anywhere.) When I first watched it I was in total disbelief. I have never seen anything like it. My husband had kind of passed it off as just a weird unexplained singular event, but  yesterday when both of us witnessed the same thing his previous experience seemed to have more credibility. We're very curious about what we witnessed. Does this sound like some kind of satellite? Wouldn't it be moving across the sky steadily, and are satellites so visible during the day? ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION WITH WITNESS)) Dear Peter, All the information I can provide is that from the Richmond District of San Francisco (about a half mile north of Golden Gate Park) it was north/ northeast.  We were standing at about sea level and its elevation we cannot estimate, although it was extremely high in the sky, more than a mile at the very least. My husband actually says he saw it about 20 minutes earlier when he stepped outside the restaurant we were eating in. Then when we stepped out, he pointed it out to me. So it was there for at least half an hour, not merely five minutes. My father is an airline captain in Seattle as well (he flies for World Airways) and says he has never seen anything like what we described. Thanks for sending along your report! And my husband is now vowing to take our video camera along with us more often when we go out.   :-) Best Regards, ((witness name deleted)) ((END));37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
Big, bright green ball;2003-02-20 05:00:00;5-10 seconds;Big, bright green ball I saw what I thought was a shooting star that turned into a big bright light green ball (about the size of a full moon.)  It moved in an arc from north to south.  The object disappeared behind the ridge of twin peaks.  I reported the incident to the police.  They drove through twin peaks but did not see anything.  I was expecting a boom, flash or after shock when the object fell.  But I saw and heard nothing after that. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness at length, and found her to be exceptionally lucid and objective in her description of the event.   The object appeared to the witness to arc down, after which it disappeared behind Twin Peaks.  It covered an estimated 60 degrees of arc, from the vantage point of the witness, in 5-10 seconds.  PD));37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
solid, white object seen over S. F. Bay in high atmosphere, momentarily stationary;2008-06-08 16:30:00;approx. 25 minutes;solid, white object seen over S. F. Bay in high atmosphere, momentarily stationary On Sunday June 8, 2008 my friend and I had just gotten out of a local museum, and were lying in the grass in Union Square (downtown San Francisco) from about 4-5:15 pm soaking up some sun. As we were lying there chatting, I noticed what I first thought were balloons (or a balloon) directly up into the sky close to the position of the moon.  After watching it for about five minutes wondering what it was, I determined that it wasn’t moving around like balloons might on a windy day at high altitude (it’s been fairly windy in S.F. these past few weeks), and it was also too close to be a star or planet.   I finally pointed it out to my friend, and he also suggested it was a balloon.  As we continued chatting, the object slowly began to pick up slight velocity drifting towards the horizon (towards the south), away from the position of the moon.  After about 10 minutes of drifting, the object appeared to look like a hyphen (it looked like a ball before), and I pointed this out to my friend.  Eventually we lost track of the object, and kept on with our conversation.  A few minutes later, I again looked back up towards the moon, and the object (or another object) reappeared to the location where we saw the first object.  I again pointed it out to my friend, and we both thought it was odd that earlier it had slowly drifted towards the south, and was now instantly right back where it started.  We left shortly after, not thinking too much about the whole thing.  The reason why I am posting this is because this morning on the news there was a short segment on an object that was observed (by whom I don’t know) Sunday afternoon over San Francisco Bay, and the news clip featured a video of the same object that we had seen.  The segment didn’t say much about what the object was, just that the F.A.A. had taken notice.  I am assuming many people had seen it if it had been featured on the Monday morning news, and was described on the news to have moved from above one city to another.  From my own observations, I can describe the object as white (non-metallic), not emitting light, larger than the size of Jupiter or Venus in the night sky, and fairly circular (upon our first observation).  The object appeared stationary at first (the object did NOT get smaller as a balloon would upon rising), but later drifted across the sky (faster than planets and stars appear to move at night, but much slower than man-made satellites move).  The object did not appear to change change size as it moved away, but did appear to look more liner as it drifted away.  It was definitely not an airplane (it was close enough so that we could resolve its outlines and determine a circular shape from our perspective), and looked very solid.  The whole experience did not seem very normal, and I am greatly wondering how many other people saw it, and what it may have been.;37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
Two white lights moving together over San Francisco;2008-08-01 16:15:00;about 5 minutes;Two white lights moving together over San Francisco I was laying in my back yard and looking up at the sky, which was completely clear.  I saw a round, shiny object that appeared to up very high in the sky, too high for a plane.  It was basically a pinpoint of white light, or perhaps reflective material.  I was curious and continued to watch it, and then noticed there was an identical object a short distance behind it.  They moved at a moderate pace in a straight line and did not waver, which confirmed they were not birds.  Then the second object started moving underneath the first one, but stayed the same distance apart and neither changed speed.  It continued rotating around the first object until it was in front.  Then they passed behind a building and from my sight.  It is possible they were satellites, but I have never seen two satellites near each other like that, never during the day, and they also moved slower than other satellites I have seen  Recently someone in the bay area saw something similar: http://www.ktvu.com/news/16548130/detail.html.  But the ones I saw were moving much more slowly.  Their movement was not like anything alive or any other flying object I have seen before.;37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
15 small white orbs drifting high in formation west Over SF, CA City Hall 9-20-08;2008-09-20 15:15:00;20 Minutes;15 small white orbs drifting high in formation west Over SF, CA City Hall 9-20-08 Against a blight blue sky, my wife and I saw a relatively static but drifting formation of 15 roundish white orbs that stayed relatively the same distance from each other while the entire formation moved slowly to the west.   These object were more visible with polarized glasses but not so with the naked eye. We had no binoculars to assist. We took one digital picture (Canon 10 MP camera) which caught it but only shows rounded orbs at extreme magnification. This was over the SF City Hall. These did not look like planes or circling birds. The formation was not a regularly spaced formation. These objects were higher than clouds which drifted beneath them.;37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
What caught my attention was how close they were together.  I thought it was vapor trials from two planes that was going to land at sfo;2008-10-13 10:15:00;15m;What caught my attention was how close they were together.  I thought it was vapor trials from two planes that was going to land at sfo .  At first it looked like it had a tail, but than it started to appear as a small round cloud. From the time I noticed it until it disappeared on the horizon it was about 15 minutes.  The two maintained the same distance. They were going very slow and would stop-sit and than go.  I was up high and could tell they were not moving by the point from a roof top below them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
a round spinning object stood in the sky for a minute and took off going up at incredible speed.;2009-12-19 18:25:00;1 Minute;a round spinning object stood in the sky for a minute and took off going up at incredible speed. Driving on the 6th st entrance ramp of highway 280 south in san francisco, right over the bay a big round object spinning, it stood there for a minute and took off going up at a lighting speed.;37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
3 Bright Orange Circle UFOs in the SF night sky & two men in military clothing;2012-10-03 08:38:00;2 minutes;3 Bright Orange Circle UFOs in the SF night sky & two men in military clothing Finished dinner at Basil Canteen on 11th in San Francisco and looked up to see the 4 UFOs.  There were 3 orange lights in the sky and one standard set of lights that looked like it was hovering.  The standard lights held steady while the orange lights flew in all different directions in the sky.  It looked as one orange craft was heading right in my direction, while all orange lights faded out of view.  This lasted under 2 minutes.  As I was watching the sky, I saw 2 military officers in full uniform heading in the direction of Slim's night club on 11th.;37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
Solid unnatural moving light.;2015-03-28 22:00:00;2 minutes;Solid unnatural moving light Solid blue light traveling slow to the west, immediately changed direction and turned into a solid red light.  Again, effortlessly changed direction and slowly faded out.;37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
Daytime sighting of saucer from downtown high rise which disappeared. Picture taken after vanishing showing craft form.;2015-04-05 03:00:00;4 minutes;Daytime sighting of saucer from downtown high rise which disappeared.  Picture taken after vanishing showing craft form. Seated at an Easter brunch early afternoon on a cloudless, sunny, mildly warm day.  I noticed circular craft floating in sky, stationary but wobbly. -in my eye line which was on the 25 floor and about three city blocks away.  Truly looked like a badly made stage prop from a b film from the fifties! I went to window preparing my camera phone.  As I watched in awe it just stayed in one place, half the time wobble, the other half motionless (didn't appear to spin but was a saucer shape, (from the side, oval)--I could just make out that it was a mottled gray.  Not smooth.  As I began to snap pic it disappeared--literally blinked out becoming invisible (with no accompanying light). I sensed that it surely must still be there and thought to take a picture of area of sky where it was, focusing carefully on building it was next (same distance.  I had a strong intuition it was there but just not visible. Sure enough an object appears in pic.  A faint ring with three orbs on ring- two close together and another a bit further along the ring, both on one half of the ring.  In order to see the object (which was the same size in picture as object I saw with my dad eyes.)  I made sure to check out all light figures in room to insure it was not a reflection.  My camera did not have a flash.      I still have picture.;37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
I have pictures  ((anonymous report))  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness has photos, but provides no contact information.  Hoax??  PD));2017-09-21 12:00:00;5 seconds;I have pictures. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness may have photos, but provides no contact information, and remains anonymous.  Hoax.  PD));37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
White star craft unseen by naked eye;2020-01-22 18:45:00;2 minutes;White star craft unseen by naked eye We were on a cruise in the San Francisco Bay.  We were out on the observation deck (outdoors), in the back of the boat when I photographed a UFO in the sky.  I asked my husband if he was seeing it and he said seeing what.  I had him look at my iPhone screen and we watched it move on screen.  It was just my husband and me to see it as we were alone at the rear railing.  This craft appeared as a small white star in the sky that produced quick movements up down side side.  It was not visible with the naked eye it was only seen through my iPhone screen as I was photographing the surroundings while we were on the boat in the middle of the bay. I have photos if you would like to see them.;37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
