Egg shaped object over San Francisco;2006-08-04 17:00:00;1-2 minutes;Egg shaped object over San Francisco Around 5 pm, I was exiting the freeway (280-S)via the Geneva / Ocean off-ramp.  I caught the red light - so I was at a complete stand still.  I was facing southwest.  The sky was relatively clear.  I noticed this grey egg shaped object - flying west to east.  It had no wings - no tail.  At first I thought it was a helicopter - but it did not have the necessary parts (main rotor, tail rotor, etc.) - it was egg-shaped.  It wasn't a plane - it had no wings or tail.   I was at the stoplight for approx. 2 minutes.  In that time, it flew from my right(west)to my left (east)and continued eastward.  I am not able to determine speed - I did not hear any unusual noise - no was there any trace of a trail - there were no lights or beams coming from it either - and there were no other aircraft around it.  There was a woman in the car next to mine - she rolled down her window - I know she saw it - her mouth was wide open - and she stuck her head out to view it.  There was no time to share information - as soon as the light turned green I had to move fast.  I called the San Francisco Chronicle and reported it.  I have scanned the local papers and even Googled ever since -  but it apparently didn't make the news.;37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
Weird bright and big orb that had large spikes and was larger than a star and higher up than any plane;2020-02-11 19:30:00;>30 minutes;Weird bright and big orb that had large spikes and was larger than a star and higher up than any plane I was out running[in S.F.] some errands and was walking towards a local supermarket to get some food and then head home.  As I was walking down this street,  I saw in the corner of my eye and up in the sky, what seemed to be quite a large or circle.  It was way larger than a star and at 1st,  I thought of the possibility of it being the planet Venus, since it does come close to our planet around this time and is visible, however out of curiosity I decided to sit there and observe it and the 1st odd thing I noticed was how it had some sort of glowing iridescence from its upper right side.  As I kept watching, I noticed these weird spikes came out of it and they would pop in out of it. The color of these spikes was like light colored except for some spikes that were yellowish. I saw a passenger plane fly underneath it, although in reference, it was obvious that this UFO was at a much higher altitude.  I pulled out my phone-camera and held it in my hands so that it be completely still and as I was doing this, from my eyesight(which is 20/20), this thing seemed stationary, yet when applied the infinite zoom on my phone, this thing came on my screen that was whizzing around in circles...it was very odd. I was right the grocery store and went and finished my shopping and when I came out the grocery it was still there but had moved a little to the northwest.  I dropped off my groceries and tried to relax from a weird excitement I felt and decided to go back out see if I could spot it again. I went up a couple blocks and looked up and at 1st I saw a constellation of stars and then to the left of those stars I saw this thing again with those weird spikes and you could see how much bigger it looked in reference to the stars nearby, except this time, it was mobile and was circling in weave type patterns.;37.7692925340357;-122.425427492314
