Strange light pattern;2011-08-30 05:30:00;20 minutes;Strange light pattern.  8.30.2011       5:30am  I stepped outside on my back deck before getting ready for work to get a breath of fresh air.  The sky was still dark, dawn has not yet begun.  In the South-East sky, I noticed a bright peculiar light I have never seen before in this region of the sky at this time of night/day. I have observed nighttime skies since I was a child as I have always been fascinated with astronomy. I am familiar with the difference in characteristics between observing a planet, stars, satellites and other celestial objects. The object I observed consisted of a bright, solid, white light with less intense, flickering red and blue lights. At first I thought it was just an airliner, but it was not moving in any direction.  I thought maybe it was flying towards my direction, but after 5 mins, the lights showed no changes in intensity, height or direction. I do not believe it was a star, as it did not have characteristics as such. I know for a fact it was not a planet, as Venus was high in the Southern sky and very bright.  I continued to observe the object and it appeared to make subtle motion in a back-and-forth looping pattern, but maintained it’s general position. I got my binoculars to see if I could get a better view.  The object had no direction, but I could see red and blue lights flickering amongst a solid white light.  With the binoculars, I had the depth perception and believe this object was not within our atmosphere, but within the near distance of our solar system. I called my wife outside and she observed the object as well and watched through the binoculars.  She said she witnessed a single white light with flickering red and blue lights as I described. As I continued to watch through my binoculars, the object separated and became two lights moving in a horizontal direction from each other.  A few minutes later, the two lights moved back together to become one light again, with the red and blue flickering resuming.  Moments later, the light separated into two lights again and this time they moved vertically from each other.  Then they slowly moved about each other and eventually came together to become just a single light again and resumed the red and blue flickering once more. Slowly, the light began to become dimmer and appeared to get smaller as if it was moving away from the Earth. I had to go get ready for work so could not observe any longer.  I will go outside again tomorrow morning and see if the light returns.  I am not sure what it was, but it was not an object commonly seen in the night sky.;39.4815;-86.0614999999999
We saw a bust of light then a fast streak across the sky.;2013-09-27 11:00:00;2 seconds;we saw a bust of light then a fast streak across the sky. my son and I were driving through the country about 11 pm or so and noticed something very large off in the distance. but as we approached its position it wasn't there. it had a bright light and looked to be stationary.  we returned to our original point and couldn't locate it. we continued into town and drove through a community in franklin Indiana.  a bright blue flash covered the sky near where we saw the object west of town. then suddenly a streak of white light appeared east of town then faded. my best description would be like something off star trek. a bright light to blast off...then a streak left by something cruising at high speed. but the entire burst and streak only lasted 2 seconds.;39.4815;-86.0614999999999
