White,green and red orb seen in Chester County PA;2007-04-02 21:00:00;unknown;White,green and red orb seen in Chester County PA Lights in the sky observed while driving home from night class from local university.  At first they looked like small aircraft (twin engine sort), then noticed that they were in a formation over crest of a ridge near Downingtown PA.  Never seen small aircraft fly in formation and wondered why and tried to watch them as I drove.  The colors were normal yellowish golden in color like of an airplane heading in the direction of Philadelphia International Airport. As I approached the ridge, the lights disappeared over it as if flying backward with headlights in front.  There were no other blinking lights such as red and green as on regular air craft, just the yellowish gold light. As the golden lights went over the ridge, one craft continued on as if to land at an airport further West such as Lancaster or Harrisburg.  It continued traveling West as I headed West.  The appearance of the object had changed from small aircraft shape to orb-shape sometimes appearing to rotate end over end.   The color changed from yellow/gold to bright white with bright white beams of light protruding from the orb.  There were also bursts of red and green colors emitting from the circumferce of the orb (as seen through a lousy pair of binoculars).  Family member came outside to investigate the object as it continued to hover in the Western sky from my house.  A half hour later, object seemed further away than before, but still hovering and emitting the three colors of light.  Last night was cloud covered so the object wasn't visible.;40.0146;-75.7136
10 lights moving in a formation.;2014-07-04 22:00:00;5 minutes;10 lights moving in a formation Sitting on Boot Road at Chester County Intermediate Unit with my husband & mother-in-law and looking Northwest toward Downingtown, waiting for fireworks.   We noticed lights in the distance, that at first seemed like the type of lights on a cell phone tower and then realized they were moving and were in a formation.  We counted 10 distinct lights that looked like red/orange embers moving together in a southern direction.   The perspective- how big or far away they were - was difficult to put together because it was dark and they seemed to disappear one at a time, like when a plane flies into a cloud.;40.0146;-75.7136
