Bright light, not moving, then disappeared;2006-08-07 06:30:00;20 seconds;Bright light, not moving, then disappeared Traveling on 30 bypass in Downingtown, eastbound, right after 322 entrance, in clear blue sky was a bright light, almost circular in shape.  I could not understand what it was, it was not moving, and a reflection did not make any sense.  Then, after about 20 seconds it just...........disappeared!;40.0146;-75.7136
Two Bright, Circular Objects Lingered in the morning sky and then sped away at remarkable speed;2010-11-12 05:30:00;10 minutes;Two Bright, Circular Objects Lingered in the morning sky and then sped away at remarkable speed This is my first reporting of a UFO sighting.  I live in Chester County, PA.  I was just walking my 6-month old Doberman puppy in the backyard on a very dark morning.  Being a would-be astronomer, I was studying the sky and amaze to see two extremely bright, circular objects.  The magnitude of the brightness exceeding that of Venus by a factor of 100. There were two objects just lingering there.  I thought one could have been a supernova, but definitely not two.  After 5 minutes of staring at these amazingly conspicuous objects, they both started to move away at exceptional speed until they visually diminished in size to nothing. I've thought about this incident, and I am convinced that it was not two aircraft, helicopters, or anything that I have ever witnessed in the evening sky.;40.0146;-75.7136
Silent red light flies and disappears over neighborhood;2012-10-06 21:00:00;2 minutes;Silent red light flies and disappears over neighborhood Witnessed a red, round light climbing upward from the horizon on Oct. 6th, 2012 at about 9:30PM.  It appeared to flicker and although it was flying straight, it had a strange almost twitchy movement to it.  I was ready for it to be a helicopter, but it made absolutely no sound as it passed over us.   It crossed over slowly, the light dimming, until it disappeared completely, right in the middle of the sky.  The area it went through had other usual plane traffic, all which were audible and seemingly at the same height.;40.0146;-75.7136
I Saw 4 orange lights moving/flying objects in the sky after few minutes they disappeared.;2013-07-04 19:45:00;5 minutes;I Saw 4 orange lights moving/flying objects in the sky after few minutes they disappeared.;40.0146;-75.7136
Three orange lights flying in a diagonal line;2015-07-05 21:30:00;1 minute;Three orange lights flying in a diagonal line Witnessed three bright orange lights flying NE.  My girlfriend pointed them out from our back porch saying (What the heck is that?). The lights kept a consistent equal distance from each other in a diaganol straight line from the top right to bottom left, and flying to our left (NE).  There was a fourth single light that they appeared to be following.  That fourth light looked further away, higher in the sky,  and dim in comparison to the other three.  There was no sound and it was too dark to see if the three lights were somehow connected.  The speed seemed to be about the same as an airplane would fly, but the height looked lower than a plane flying by. Later that evening our neighbor said he saw them too and thought they could be Chinese lanterns.  My girlfriend and I believed they were something different, as they moved right to left in a consistent line with some speed. Before they were out of sight, they dimmed away, and two of them flickered before disappearing.  I've never seen anything like this and do not know what is was.  There was no red, green, or white lights like an airplane.  Only orange round balls of light - strange...;40.0146;-75.7136
Saw a light moving in the sky and disappearing.;2020-07-26 23:20:00;10 seconds;Saw a light moving in the sky and disappearing. The light was very high in the sky so that it looked like it was a star, however it started to move forwards towards the East.  One it had moved forwards for about 6 seconds, it proceeded to move higher and disappear.;40.0146;-75.7136
Second night in a row that I've seen a light slowly traveling then vanish;2020-07-27 23:01:00;30 seconds;Second night in a row that I've seen a light slowly traveling then vanish Once again, as I often do, I decided to take a walk around my apartment complex to look at stars, etc. I have been particularly eager to continue my evening walks recently as just the night prior (July 26th) I had seen a strange light moving in the sky and then disappear/travel upwards.  This time however, I casually strolled out to the adjacent parking lot without even thinking or expecting to see anything odd in the sky and as soon as I turn around towards the N/NE (looking @ Big Dipper), I saw almost the exact same phenomena as I had the night prior.  This time, a light was traveling slowly from the North/NEast towards the East.  The light was traveling very slowly (relative to a conventional aircraft), but appeared small and did not have any other flashing/navigation lights on the object (no sound as well). I was incredibly startled this time I had seen the object just for the sheer fact that I saw the almost exact same phenomena as I had the night before. !  As a result, I struggled to get a recording and was also startled by some passers-by. As soon as I had looked back up to the sky to see the object, it had completely disappeared or vanished from the path that it was on.;40.0146;-75.7136
Third time seeing a white light moving in the sky then disappear - almost exactly the same each time;2020-07-29 23:00:00;1-2 minutes;Third time seeing a white light moving in the sky then disappear - almost exactly the same each time Once again, for the third time this week I have seen the exact same phenomena in the night sky above my apartment’s parking lot.  Each of the previous two sightings occurred in relatively the same way and I have filed a report each separate instance, however I would like to once again describe what I witnessed for consistency’s sake. Around 10:50 PM I (as I often do) decided to take a walk around my apartment complex to look at sky/stars . It probably goes without saying, but with the frequency with which I had witnessed strange phenomena from earlier in the week (7/26 and then 7/27) I was really eager to be able to see and document this phenomena so I have been going out for walks daily.  Thankfully the sky was much clearer this particular evening and as I turned around to face the area of the sky which I had witnessed the phenomena before, at 11:00 PM on the dot exactly I had seen it again. Essentially the experience had occurred in the same way as it had the previous two times this week.  I was facing North/North West and adjacent (left) to the Big Dipper, I had seen a white light which had a similar size/shape and brightness as many of the stars in the area.  However, after focusing on this specific light I noticed that this light was slowly moving towards the South.  Though it appeared to be moving slowly from my vantage point, it must have been moving pretty quickly due to how small it looked.  I once again tried to look for any sort of flashing navigation lights and saw none, nor did it have any discernible features of a man-made craft - it did not make any sounds whatsoever. Each of my other experiences with this phenomena only lasted 10-15 seconds and normally ended in the light just disappearing as it was traveling from N/NW to East.  This time however, the light was going from N/NW towards the south and instead of simply disappearing into the sky, I felt like I was able to see it actually traveling diagonally upwards and then I lost sight of it. Unfortunately every other time that I have witnessed this light, I was profoundly startled and was unable to capture any really discernible photo/video evidence.  However, I was relatively prepared this time and was thankfully able to obtain a whole minute video of this phenomena (which I will be sending along with my report).  Due to this being the third time that I am reporting this, I can understand a certain skepticism that some might read this with and felt that it would be important to do some de-bunking of my own before just making the report - I do not believe this was the International Space Station, as it does not fly over my area at that time of night, and I do not believe that it was a satellite.  I do not believe that this was related to comet Neowise, as I was able to witness that earlier in the month and it was an entirely different type of event because I was able to see the comet’s tail and it was traveling in the exact opposite direction of this light. I appreciate the ability to document my experiences through NUFORC and am hopeful that this might provide some insight to the general UFO phenomena.;40.0146;-75.7136
