Strange lights and crasing object near Bayliss IL.;2011-10-18 01:40:00;5 mins.;Strange lights and crasing object near Bayliss IL. As my ex-girlfriend was driving me home from work that night after picking me up from work at one we started to drive home. About most of the way back to her house just inside of Adams county she asked me what was that in the sky.  I immediately looked up and saw this bright light at first I thought it was moving very very fast across the night sky, however it then seemed to change direction and appeared like it was either falling or crashing.  BY bright I mean it looked like it was on the horizon but was almost ¾ the size of the moon.  The other witness seems to think that the top part when it was crashing also changed colors from green to red to white.  Instead of crashing though it appeared to just disappear.  It was a inch or two in our line of sight between where it just went off above the tree line.  No fading, landing, or going into the tree line just stopped and went out before the it hit the tree line (might have paused or floated before disappearing it all happened so fast). Around the next couple of turns in the highway just outside of her house their where at least 8 orangeish to bluish lights just floating over the direction of Campoint Il.  I myself have been coming over and leaving her house for over four years and never saw these lights before.  These where much smaller and more spherical shaped than the other thing we saw.  When I asked if she knew what these lights where she said she never saw the pinkish/bluish lights before and immediately noted that they where higher up than the radio tower lights which some where next to or possibly floating over. Also when noticing the first UFO of Unidentified Crashing Object the lights on the Bright and dim lights on the car started to flicker on and off while the regular lights kind of did a reboot type thing where they went off and came right back on like nothing ever happened.  This all took place on Highway 9 between Adams and Pike county on a fairly dark night for the moon being so bright (the moon did seem rather close and large though too).  We for the most part where looking at it driving going downhill and to the west of the first object and to the east of the other objects. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.7567;-90.8822
