Bright glowing red orb. Did not emit any smoke, noise, or apparent heat.  Moved at about 10 mph from northwest horizon to southeast hor;2000-01-15 22:30:00;15 minutes;Bright glowing red orb. Did not emit any smoke, noise, or apparent heat.  Moved at about 10 mph from northwest horizon to southeast horizon. Did not change speed, heading, brightness, or elevation.  It was about 50 feet above ground level and was approximately the size of a basketball. Definately not a flare.  Strangest thing I've ever seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));46.8907;-96.9258
I observed a small sphere hover than fly away from me.;2018-07-01 21:23:00;2-3 minutes;I observed a small sphere hover than fly away from me. I was pulling into my garage of my apartment complex in West Fargo on July 1 at 9:20 pm.  I began to back my car into the garage, when out of the corner of my eye, I see something in the sky.  I put my vehicle into neutral and pulled the parking brake before exiting to get a closer look at what it was.  As soon as I put my eyes on the object I knew it was something I had never seen before.  It was a metallic sphere around 3 feet in diameter, the color was dull but I could tell it was solid metal. At first eye contact I was about 50ft from the object and it was hovering 5-10ft above the power lines that run perpendicular with the road. As soon as I consciously thought, That's a ufo the object began to move.  I ran closer to the power lines and began to pull my cellphone from my pocket to record video. The object moved quickly north east directly into the wind. It moved how i would describe on a rope as if it was not affected by the wind which ! is strange for a typical object of that size like a balloon.  I would estimate the object went from standstill to moving around 30mph in under 5 seconds. After I finally was able to retrieve my cellphone from my pocket and open the camera to record I estimate the object was 2000ft away from me and at an altitude of 1000ft. The video i recorded you can see the object but its very small and you cant get much from it other than that it confirms I did see an object. After I recorded for around 10 seconds I watched it go directly into a large storm cloud and disappear from sight. I believe its important to add that I believe im a credible observer who is unlikely to misidentify a drone or balloon being that I have lots of experience with drones. It made no sound from what I could tell. Also my father and Uncle were both f-16 pilots in the Air National Guard flying out of Fargo and I have lots of experience identifying aircraft.;46.8907;-96.9258
