Bright streak of light shot/expanded upwards, stretched/condensed, and dissipated.;2018-09-04 04:40:00;3 minutes;Bright streak of light shot/expanded upwards, stretched/condensed, and dissipated. On Tuesday, 09/04/2018, after having traveled out of state, I arrived at a friend’s residence in Jonesborough, Tennessee (to get some REM sleep STAT). I got out of my car, put my bags over my shoulders, and began walking towards the house. I was about to set foot on the front deck when I heard what sounded like rotating blades on a military helicopter and, incidentally, a train whistle from a nearby track.  I stopped and looked up. I looked in the direction I thought the helicopter blade sounds were coming from (ahead of me, north, relative to where I was standing)...a star was the only object in that general area that appeared non-stationary (“movement” was just twinkling).  The size of the twinkling star was so small (from my vantage point) that, if it had been a helicopter, the sounds it was making wouldn’t have been as loud as they were.  I never saw a helicopter but I didn’t bother to look up all around me either...I thought “I stopped for nothing” (I was on the verge of lowering my head & trudging inside). I’m a trained observer.  My job title is Behavior Analyst (2008 to present).  I provide professional behavioral services to persons with developmental and intellectual disabilities. At 4:40 am, as I was on the verge of lowering my head and trudging inside, a bright streak of pale orange/yellow light (to my northwest) didn’t make any sound while rapidly shooting upwards at a 30 to 45 degree angle (it didn’t just shoot upwards at a high rate of speed...it stretched/expanded upwards from its original position), paused for about 0.5 seconds, and collapsed (i.e., stretched/condensed from its original position to where it had stopped stretching) at an even higher rate of speed than when it had stretched/expanded from its original position (debris was emitted upon collapse). I looked for a specific object but didn’t see one.  The streak may have been an undetected object (of a probable terrestrial origin, statistically) traveling at a high rate of speed.  The streak looked like a long exposure image of an ember popping and soaring from a fire.  Upon collapse, the streak either disappeared or began accelerating so fast that I could no longer observe its presence.  Upon collapse, the emitted debris either disappeared or was no longer illuminated. What I observed was over and done with before I had a chance to think about dropping my bags and getting my phone out.  The duration of the observed event may have been about 3 seconds. Terror/excitement combo experience was hard to process.  I don’t think I heard any sounds at all during the few seconds that the bright streak of pale orange/yellow light stretched/expanded, stretched/condensed, and dissipated...but I’m not sure.  After the streak disappeared or accelerated, train whistle was still screaming but sounds of helicopter blades (not even distant ones) were no more. If a helicopter was present, the pilot or pilots evacuating themselves (immediately after object dissipation) could/would make sense (following orders/protocol). My jaw was on the driveway.  I picked it up, went inside, and got to writing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.291;-82.5001000000001
