5 Fire like lights seen slowly traveling northbound in the northern sky in a rectangular shape, but changed shape.;2014-04-10 20:10:00;5-6 minutes;5 Fire like lights seen slowly traveling northbound in the northern sky in a rectangular shape, but changed shape. To whom it may concern,   On Thursday evening, at about 10:10 pm, on April 10, 2014, I was a witness to an Unidentified Flying Object.  I was in the front yard of my house and saw movement in the sky toward the north of my house.  I observed 5 glowing yellow lights (almost like a flame, but not flickering) in a rectangular like formation. I immediately ran into my house and told my wife and 2 daughters that were home to come outside to look at the lights.  We all went out our back door of the house and I pointed to the area of the lights.  They all saw the same thing I saw, but it looked as if the lights began traveling northbound slowly.  One of the 5 lights looked as if it merger into one of the other lights. There were no sounds coming from the lights or anywhere else-other than the sound of neighbors talking (the sound travels in my backyard at night). At one point, I saw what looked like flashing lights of a small aircraft (green and red flashing light) was traveling from the east to west in a path going toward the lights.  As the flashing lights reached the far right side of the lights, the flashing lights disappeared.  The flashing red & green aircraft lights didn't change direction, didn't turn- they just disappeared. My wife ran back into the house to grab a camera to see if it would show up in a picture, so she thought to quickly grab her iPad mini.  She took several pictures, of which a couple clearly showed the lights of the object. After about 4-5 minutes, the lights appeared to continue traveling in a northern direction, then disappeared.  They object didn't make any sounds, but the lights just disappeared within a few seconds. We've not contacted anyone,or,organization about what we saw, other than a few friends at church who thought we were crazy.  I even sent an email to a doctor friend of mine who is a novice astronomer. I am a retired police officer, former Air Force Sergeant, who has never before seen anything like what we saw than night.  While I do believe in UFO's, I've never before seen anything that I would consider Unidentified.  No one in my family consumes alcohol or recreational drugs. Please let me know if you would like any additional information or have any questions. Sincerely,  XXXXX;37.1325;-113.5041
