A red glow lighting up low lying clouds. After a few moments the glow got more clear and about a dozen red lights in no noticable arran;1995-06-15 02:00:00;3 Minutes;A red glow lighting up low lying clouds. After a few moments the glow got more clear and about a dozen red lights in no noticable arrangment dropped through the clouds and then quickly shot upward. While driving south on Interstate 15 about 20 miles North of St. George Utah I noticed a red glow lighting up a small area of the low lying cloud bank.  I could tell that it was being lite up from above and not below (as city lights would do) and it was also not a very bright light or it would have lite up a larger area. The area that was lite up was about the size of a very large house. I was driving a loaded semi, so it took me a about a minute or two to come to a safe stop. I got out and observed it for about a minute or so. The spot of glow never moved in any direction for the few minutes I watched it. I say this because the glow never moved even up or down because the lighting did not get brighter or dimmer. Then it became clear that the object was lowering itself straight down. The glow became brighter and clearer until it completely dropped below the clouds for about 2 seconds, then quickly went straight up until I could no longer see even a hint of red glow. It moved up about the speed of a helicopter on a quick take off. The clouds were so low that I could have easily seen if the clouds were being disturbed by the wind that a helicopter would have produced but the clouds were not disturbed at all. Leaving me most curious about what propulsion system could produce no push or pull wind. A hot air baloon could have done what I saw if it wasn't for the lights. This had about a dozen red lights about the brightness of marker lights on planes and seem to be placed in no particular order. I could not see any of the object that the lights were on because it was dark except for the clouds and the glow. The craft ( as I assume it had to be ) was not flat, round, tubular, or anything else that would have a uniform surface around it. The lights were as if they were mounted on something with various surface levels. Like lights would look if mounted on an engine. My personal opinion of the movement of the craft was as if it was peeking below the clouds or suddenly realized it was below the clouds and didn't w! ant to be. Then took off like a child who has been caught.;37.1325;-113.5041
Was photgraphing clouds and didn't see object until I was looking at the photos on my computer.;2010-08-22 16:45:00;2 minutes;Was photgraphing clouds and didn't see object until I was looking at the photos on my computer. I noticed a beautiful cloud formation to the south (towards the Grand Canyon) at dusk while standing at my kitchen sink.  Decided to run and grab my wifes Canon Rebel XST camera so I could get a few shots of the clouds using a zoom lens.  I was bare footed and climbed on some small landscaping rocks near the pool to get higher so the block fence wouldn't be in the way.  I took a total of eight photos within less than two minutes.  When I downloaded the photos I noticed the first four had an object moving through the photos at a downward angle to the left.  I seemed to be fairly distant as I never saw it with my eyes.  It probably only took me 30 or 40 seconds to take the first 5 or 6 photos because the rocks were hurting my feet and I wanted to get down to the pool deck where I took about two more.  I showed my wife and she thought I might have had something on the lens. If I did it came off quick because the last four photos do not show the object.  I zoomed in on ! the photos to see if I could detect a shape. Two looked oval and the other two appeared to have a saucer shape.  I have no idea what it is but it is strange and I don't think anything was on the lens.  I have the unalterd photos if you want them.;37.1325;-113.5041
I spend alot of time outside at night. Tonight i saw what started as two bright lights and two small blue lights then its broke up into;2016-07-27 22:30:00;3 minutes;I spend alot of time outside at night.  Tonight i saw what started as two bright lights and two small blue lights then its broke up into a long stream of lights and a tail then vanished. last maybe 2-3 mins started at around 22:30.;37.1325;-113.5041
