multiple ufo sightings;2010-03-16 23:30:00;2 hours;multiple ufo sightings my son and wife witnessed objects in the sky last night and also last week. multiple objects which looked like stars. objects were moving in all type of directions. the objects seemed at first like stars, but after watching them and trying to track them, it was very quickly realized that the were ufo's. my eyes are not that great for such long distances but i truly believe that there are dozens if not more. very freaky. i have purshaed a telescope today and will report what they look like through a powerful telescope..;40.757;-73.7283
Strange object(s) seen over Little Neck NY Sunday morning, June 4th 2017 at 8:30 AM;2017-06-04 08:30:00;~9 minutes;Strange object(s) seen over Little Neck NY Sunday morning, June 4th 2017 at 8:30 AM Sunday morning, June 4th, at appx. 8:30 AM, I was out for a walk to pick up some breakfast, and I happened to see out the left corner of my eye, a shiny type of objet which appeared to be reflecting the suns light looking eastward (towards NYC) and at first I didn't think much of it, until after I noticed another plane traveling the opposite direction. When I saw the other plane pass, the object appeared to be moving closer in my direction, & it seemed to me at second glance it may be one of those planes carrying an advertising banner - heading out to Jones beach, because I saw what appeared to be something wavy behind the object. As I stared at it a bit more, because it seemed unusual to me, I realized the object seemed to almost pause in its flight, and that's when I realize there were in fact two objects, and one appeared to be doing what I can only describe as a kabuki dance around the other object, and that's when I started seeming some orange color which appeared to be emanating from the bottom of these objects. At this point I took my cell phone out of my pocket & tried to capture some photo's and movies. I had to move to an area where the sun wouldn't quite be in my eyes because the object was west, but the sun was glaring off my back (as it was still early in the morning) and it was hard to zoom in and focus on the objects, but I did manage to capture some videos and a few stills of the objects. Upon reviewing the pictures I took, I realized how not so great cell phone cameras (at least my Samsung Note 5) seems to be a focusing on somewhat distant objects with an 8X zoom, but I do have some videos and still frames I'm happy to send along, or will attach to this report if provided. I looked at the objects slowly move across the sky from north to south slowly, seemingly doing this circle around one another routine, until at one point right before they vanished, they seemed to either merge, or one of them just vanished, and after about 8 or 9 minutes, all of a sudden, they were gone. I did not see the objects suddenly take off, it's as if they just vanished!  Very strange sighting, especially since this was early on a Sunday morning, on a sunny morning.;40.757;-73.7283
