Large almost silent cigar shaped craft appear from woods and fly only 20 feet above house before disappearing.;2017-11-27 23:30:00;5 minutes;Large almost silent cigar shaped craft appear from woods and fly only 20 feet above house before disappearing It was approximately 11:30pm, Monday, 11/27/17, when I was sitting outside on the back deck of the house which is about 30 feet up from the ground and overlooks the treeline of the woods.  I was looking up at the stars and the bright moon during this clear night, when initially I saw what I thought was a shooting star, but was much bigger, fly horizontal on the horizon and then down into the trees.   This was a silent night until right before I saw a craft appear.  It drove the birds and bugs mad.  I didn't think anything of it, until about 2 minutes later, a large cigar-shaped craft appeared from the treeline and fly towards the house almost silent but was making a noise, but from the size of this thing it should have been loud like a plane.   It did not have wings or propellers.  It was close enough where I was able to get a good visual, but it did have 2 lights on the bottom of each end that were white, which made it hard to make out any fine details.  It was about as big as a fire truck and I would describe it as being almost the same shape.  It was so low that I was afraid it would hit the house.  It  flew up and only ended up about 20 feet above the house.   I watched until it disappeared behind the other side of the house and when I went around to check if I could still see it flying in the distance, it was gone, when it should have been viewable because it wasn't going very fast.   After this incident, I sat outside for a few more minutes longer, watching the same part of the sky where I observed this craft appear from, when  about 5 or 6 small, but bright lights, that I can only describe as looking like stars, but slightly larger, each appeared one by one and then travelled in the same direction of this craft.  They did blink on occasion intermittently as they travelled.   After these bright star like objects were out of my viewing range I saw another (what  appeared to be) shooting star in the same part of the sky that I saw the first.  And that was when I decided to go inside because at that point I had had enough.   I cannot explain this.  I am not a believer.  I am a nurse and a mother of two children.  But after this incident, I went online to see if anyone else witnessed what I did, which lead me here.  I believe that there is something going on that is unexplainable, whether it be new experimental military technology or something else.  What I saw was not any kind of craft I've ever seen before.;42.2397;-71.8706
