A huge, silver, saucer-shaped object appeared in the sky.  It suddenly zipped right over our backyard where it stopped & hovered about ;1972-09-01 22:00:00;5-10 minutes;A huge, silver, saucer-shaped object appeared in the sky.  It suddenly zipped right over our backyard where it stopped & hovered about tree-top height.  There was absolutely no sound or engine noise.  There was a bank of rectangular white lights along the bottom of the craft that flashed on & off one by one moving from left to right completely around the craft. A few moments later, it zipped away at unbelievable speed and hovered again a short distance away.  At last, it zipped completely away.  I immediately returned to the house and called the Warren County Sheriff's office and reported what I'd seen.  The officer on dispatch laughed at me.  This was witnessed by 4 adults and 2 children. The year Kings Island opened, we were roasting marshmallows for our kids in the backyard when a huge, silver, saucer-shaped object appeared in the sky.  It zipped right over our backyard wehre it stopped & hovered about tree-top height.  There was absolutely no sound or engine noise.  There was a bank of rectangular white lights along the bottom of the craft that flashed on & off, one by one, moving from left to right completely around the craft.  My frightened children ran into the house, and I immediately followed to check on them.  While inside, I telephoned my neighbor across the street and they ran over immediately and also witnessed it.  A few moments later, it zipped away at unbelievable speed and hovered again a short distance away.  At last, it zipped completely away.  I immediately returned to the house and called the Warren County Sheriff's office and reported what I'd seen.  The dispatcher laughed at me.  The next day, I called Kings Island to ask if they had any advertising objects in the sky the night before, making every attempt to find an explanation for what I'd seen.  The telephone operator was very quiet for a moment, and then replied, Oh, my God -- you saw it too?  She then said the Kings Island had not participated in any type of advertising, and that she had witnessed the same object from a different location the night before.  I am a 54 yr old insurance agent, a partner in a large agency, and a very responsible and trustworthy individual.  The neighbor who also witnessed it is still my best friend.  My oldest son is a Paramedic.;39.2453999999998;-84.2537000000007
