Mysterious flashing stars appear and disapear in night sky.;2005-07-14 01:45:00;1 hour;Mysterious flashing stars appear and disapear in night sky. My neighbour and I often go star-gazing, we both live in Colorado Springs but since the UFO sighting reported to NUFORC on 6/19/05 of the silver disk, we have been going to Palmer Lake hoping to catch a glimpse of said craft. We drove out on HWY 105 away from the city lights and pulled over to the side of the road and found a place to kick back and relaxe near some train tracks. We were looking in the sky towards the constellation Lyra when it appeared as though a star appeared out of nothing, then a second later it disapeared, then a second later appeared and disapeared. Then closer to Cygnus the same type of event occured about half a minute later except that it only flashed once. Then in the constellation of Cygnus about a minute later the same type of phenomena occured again except this time it flashed as such 10-12 times. About an hour later near the constellation of Ursa Major the same event occured again with 2 flashes. We stayed out there about another hour and saw no more activity...it was getting close to 3am and I wanted to go home and go to sleep. I have been researching and studying Irridium Flares for two weeks, what we saw was not an irridium flare. Sattelites move. These things flashed in the same exact spot. These could not have been airplanes, helicopters, balloons, meteors or shooting stars. I have been looking on the internet for anyone who have reported seeing anything like this and all I can find about similar events is on Unidentified Aerial Phenomena sights. I can not call these UFOs because although they were unidentified but not flying or necessarily objects. I will add here that this is not the first time we saw this phenomena at Palmer Lake...on July 6th close to 2am we saw the same type of phenomena also from the Palmer Lake area. The UAP we witnessed on July 6th was reported to coMUFON (colorado mufon) but I have not heard back from them. Something odd is afoot the night skies above Palmer Lake CO.;39.1224;-104.9123
