Yellow-orange colored ball/light   Silver Tube & Yellow-orange colored ball/light;2003-07-02 22:00:00;3-5 MIN EACH;Yellow-orange colored ball/light   Silver Tube & Yellow-orange colored ball/light On a farm in Moniteau County: 1st Incident: July 2nd or 3rd 2003, app 9:30pm. Was outside by barn while husband was just inside. Saw yellow-orange colored ball/light, this object was grapefruit sized compared to stars. Seemed to be stationary above town of California, quite high.  I kept telling my husband to come out of the barn and see this thing.  After several minutes, no more than 3-5, the object instantly shrank from what grapefruit size (my perspective) to grape size, and then appeared to be a white lighted object with red and blue lights blinking.  It moved toward the north until I could no longer see it.  My husband did not come out of the barn in time to see it. On same farm, in Moniteau County: 2st Incident: July 18th 2003, app 8:00 to 8:30pm. I had been watching the sky since first incident and this evening (still daylight) there were a lot of scattered dark clouds.  I saw a large silver tube, it was in my clear line of vision - from my perspective I would say it was the size of a fat hot dog, no wings, no lights, no difference in front or back that I could see. From what I could tell, there was not rounding at nose or tail.  This tube came from behind one dark cloud and flew into another (west to south). I saw it clearly for about 2 minutes. There was no noise, no jet flume, and no shine.  I kept watching for it to come out of the cloud - at any direction. About 5 minutes later, an orange ball/light (much smaller) came from the same direction and followed? the tube.  Although I never saw the tube again, I did see the orange ball/light come out of the cloud and travel west to south into another cloud. I have no explanation for what I have seen. This is  exactly what happened and I can't stop wondering what is going on. The silver tube thing really spooked me because it was big enough or low enough to be clearly seen.;38.624;-92.5437
