orange ball of light spotted at trinity lake weaverville california.  ((NUFORC Note:;2010-08-15 23:30:00;about an hour;orange ball of light spotted at trinity lake weaverville california we were camping at tannery in trinity lake outside of weaverville california. sitting by the camp fire watching stars. i look up and notice a star that is a bright orange in color. figuring it was a star i notice movement. continue to watch i figure it was a comet or satellite but soon wrote that off. the bright orange object moved up down left right and did a few figure 8 patterns. the light would also go away from its position .. (would be bright then go out)...then return to its position. the person sitting next to me witnessed the same movement for verification. another coincidental weird factor was the thunder lightening and showers that followed twenty minutes later. the skies were crystal clear ...the storm rolled in ...thundered and lightening ...rained then went away like nothing ever happened. i think the storm might be a coincidence just due to the fact that the entire sighting was so overwhelming? but we saw an orange ball of light. we saw our first Unidentified Flying Object. the next day there was a millitary huey helicopter that flew around for a couple hours as well. again that could have been a coincidence...but i think the nearest military helo pad is about an hour away?;40.7247;-122.9297
Unfortunately it has to be classified as a light in the sky.  But it was more then just that!;2013-01-01 20:01:00;15 seconds;Unfortunately it has to be classified as a light in the sky.  But it was more then just that! I was standing on my porch looking west south west and observed a  large orange fireball in the western sky.  No tail but it appeared to be getting larger.   At first I thought I was observing a possible super nova or an atomic exposion in space.   I stepped inside and grabbed my binoculars and when I returned to the porch (5 seconds later) it was gone.   I stepped out in the yard and observed all the night sky and could not spot it.;40.7247;-122.9297
