Bright pulsating stationary light, changing positions quickly.;2009-11-27 05:30:00;1 hour;Bright pulsating stationary light, changing positions quickly. I saw a bright light in the sky on November 27, 2009 between 5:30 a.m. until 6:40 a.m.  I was woken up at 5:30 a.m. by my dog doing one of those low 'berf' barks dogs do.  I noticed it was lighter than usual outside, but dismissed it as me not being a morning person.  My dog would not stop making that low sound so at 5:40 I got up to put her and my other dog, outside.  By then, the brightness from outside was gone.   My patio door faces North and it was clear outside except a very few horizon clouds. When I got to the patio door I noticed a really bright 'star or Venus' in the sky.  It seemed strange because I have never seen 'Venus' so high in the sky, nor a 'star' so bright.  The light was stationary, very bright and twinkling two different pulses.  I looked at it for about 8 seconds.  When opening the patio door, I looked down for about 5-6 seconds or so to keep the cat from getting out as I closed the door, I looked back at 'Venus', however, it had moved visually 5 feet over to the West, and 2 feet to the North!  I know it was in a different position because when I first saw it I compared the position in the sky to the  plant on my patio railing.  I looked at it for another 10 seconds or so to determine that it was definitely stationary in the sky. I closed the curtain, because my dogs will stare in the patio door instead of doing their business, and went over to a window on the same wall and two feet over from the patio door (taking about 2 seconds to do that).  I could not see the light anymore.  There are no large objects on my patio which would block out the area where I saw the light, in fact I have a very clear view of the sky from the entire North side of my house.  I got right up to the window searching for the light all over the sky and horizon.  Did not see anything but a few regular stars. About 3 minutes later I let my dogs in and saw the light further down on the horizon, just above the clouds and more toward the West visually about 1 foot above the horizon, above the town water tank.   I had looked in that area minutes before and did not see it there.  It appeared further away because it was about 3/4 the size as when I first saw it.  I went outside stood there for approx. 5 minutes watching it.  Getting cold, I went inside and watched it for 45 minutes.  I watched the light stay in exactly one position, still very bright and still twinkling 2 different pulses.  There were tiny flashing lights that would pop up all around the sky near the light at different times, about 8- 10 of them.  At one time a cloud passed in front of it, but it was still there once the cloud moved.  The clouds slowly went away, and now it was completely clear.  After 45 minutes,I walked over to grab a chair to sit in to watch it, when I returned seconds later, the light was gone.  I ! right away started to e-mail my Mother, when I noticed my computer was 2 hours off.  I had not been that way the night before because I always check the time while I am e-mailing someone.  What was strange about it was that the light would be stationary, then be in a totally different area in the sky within seconds.  Unfortunately I never saw it actually move, I just happen to look away each time it relocated.;40.7247;-122.9297
