Watched an object for three hours as it traveled to a spot, corrected itself, and took an east to west orbit.;2003-01-27 04:15:00;3 hours;Watched an object for three hours as it traveled to a spot, corrected itself, and took an east to west orbit. 4:15 AM Object traveling N.E. to S.W. Large and high. First thought it was plane. It stopped, I then thought it was a helicoptor but saw no blinking lights. It then moved slowly east, then north, then stopped again. At this point I got binoculars. Although it seemed to be still it was rotating and yawing as a boat in choppy water.I noticed that one half was spherical and the other, trapizoidal or like a ziggurat. The spherical side resembled a planet and when the geometric shape was in view it looked not unlike a weave. There were black spots on it and what seemed to be high protrusions. The last I saw,at 07:15, it was on an east- west orbit and at this time should be near the west coast. My wife saw it too but could'nt make out any detail, also we were looking at it through trees. I'm 62 years old and never saw anything like it. I believe the light from it was reflected sun light. ((NUFORC Note:  Most man-made satellites, in low orbit, probably would not be visible from Earth, at the time indicated.  Moreover, satellites almost never have a westerly component to their orbit.  Object almost certainly was not a satellite, we feel.  PD));40.319320338983;-75.1310457627118
A rectangular-shaped object with glowing orange neon lights surrounding its perimiter with separating  and high speed capabilities;2004-06-03 21:00:00;8 minutes;A rectangular-shaped object with glowing orange neon lights surrounding its perimiter with separating  and high speed capabilities My daughter(2nd witness)and I were driving home approximately a quarter of a mile before our home, we both looked up to the most amazing sight we had ever seen: a rectangular shaped object, about the size of a large truck, with orange neon glowing lights around its entire perimeter, hovering above what appeared to be our house.  As we drove down the winding hills to our home, our eyes were glued to the sky.  I don't know how I drove.  When we arrived at our long driveway, the object separated into two glowing objects which were changing their shapes slightly, but were definitely separating.  They then rejoined and shot down in a straight line toward the earth, resembling an elevator a glowing elevator. We were stopped in our driveway at this point.  As we drove closer to the garage, the object seemed to shoot off a small saucer-shaped, also orange neon and glowing in the same fashion, object which moved very rapidly toward Doylestown Airport which was behind our backyard, lined with trees.  At the same time, the large ship shot off into the distance and was absolutely gone in a second, it seemed. At this point, my daughter and I were in shock I told her to get my husband because I knew he would never believe it.  I remained outside alone for several seconds, and the small glowing ship was now hovering behind the trees, practically close enough to the ground to say it could have even landed.  I felt that it was watching me. When my daughter and husband came outside, my husband saw it and didn't know what to make of it, but told us to get in the house immediately. We had a movie camera with my daughter's school project on it, and we began filming this orange light from our kitchen window.  The orange light and its movement was captured on film, also as it darted away into the distance very rapidly.  Although my husband did not see what we like to refer to as the mother ship, he did, at least, see the smaller saucer, which, however, was nothing compared to the large object.  My daugh! ter and I knew from that day forward that this was of another world.  I tried calling the police department, the airports, news stations, etc., the following morning, but there were no reports.  We were left feeling that this was a very personal experience.  From other reports that I read, it doesn't seem as if anyone has ever seen this type of UFO. The most similar report that I can associate it with is that which the airforce men saw way back while flying I believe that was a huge orange neon long ship as well.  There is even more to tell, but I need to know if you would like to hear the rest? Even more intriguing.  If I were alone that night, I would have admitted myself to Bellevue.  Thank goodness my daughter and I shared this magicial moment, an experience and bond we will share forever.  By the way, it was not a frightening experience.;40.319320338983;-75.1310457627118
Dark in color, maybe black. Looked like a long, rectangular balloon. Kept bending with the wind. Seemed to be traveling straight down F;2011-06-16 18:00:00;15 minutes;Dark in color, maybe black.   Looked like a long, rectangular balloon.   Kept bending with the wind.   Seemed to be traveling straight down Ferry Road from Park Avenue towards Swamp Road. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report provides no contact information.  PD));40.319320338983;-75.1310457627118
