Over Doylestown,Pa.  a Large red fireball moving west to east in the sky, no sound,;2012-01-03 01:00:00;5 seconds;Over Doylestown,Pa.  a Large red fireball moving west to east in the sky, no sound, I am a nurse I work the 3-11:30pm shift I arrived home from work on 1/2/12 by 11:50pm and went inside my home. Just before 1:00am(now 1/3/12) my fiance ((male name deleted)) and I went out side with our 2 dogs for the last walk of the night.  We were on the side walk facing south when ((male name deleted)) said look up I looked up and this object that to us looked like a bright red fireball that flew from west to east in the sky,  it was large (the size of a full moon) but much closer, no sound.  We were able to see it for approximately 3 seconds before trees blocked the view.  It was a very clear quiet night.  The next day at work I was talking to another nurse and she was telling me how she was driving home from work on 1/3/12 and decribed the same fireball as we did, she said it was around 1am.;40.319320338983;-75.1310457627118
I saw a small circle of bright white light that kept disappearing and then reappearing approx. 10-20 feet from each point going from lo;2014-06-17 00:00:00;5 minutes;I saw a small circle of bright white light that kept disappearing and then reappearing approx. 10-20 feet from each point going from low to high in the trees. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) It's difficult to be specific with just one sentence to write. Last night as I was going to bed I notice flashes of light outside.  It looked light lightning lighting up the sky but there was no thunder that followed.  It did rain within the next 30 minutes so I've dismissed it since as being heat lightning since that's what it looked like. I have a raised berm in my backyard which is lined with trees and evergreens, with a solid wooden fence behind it so my yard is very dark at night.  I saw a solid white light that could be mistaken for a flashlight but I would say it was larger than that.  If you put your hands together and make a circle with your thumbs and fingers touching, that is about the size it appeared to be.  At first I thought someone may have been walking around my yard - My husband and I were just commenting about the neighbors installing a fence and now so there is no way to get into our yard except from the front of the house or through a neighbors yard so it's pretty private now.  So I thought it was a flashlight, but it didn't move like someone was walking with it.  It would appear and disappear, and then reappear many feet away.  I thought it was strange but maybe still explainable.  But then the light would appear at the top of the trees.  That is 25+ feet in the air so it couldn't be a person holding a flashlight.  And it wasn't like a flashlight was throwing light from place to place, because it was a very bright white light, like it was the source of the light and not from a beam of light.  I watched for at least 5 minutes seeing the light appear and disappear throughout the treeline in my yard - for example it would appear close to the ground on the left and would shine for a few seconds, then the light would disappear and then 10 seconds later would appear to the right near the top of the trees 20 feet away. After about 5 minutes or so I saw a light light up the right side of my yard - like someone drove up my driveway and the headlights were shining light into my yard.  I didn't hear anything though.  It was a steady light and then eventually disappeared.  Sometimes police will drive through the neighborhood, but the headlights wouldn't have been shining in my yard (FYI, my room faces the back of the house and I couldn't see the driveway). Maybe it was police?  Maybe something was going on and they were looking for someone/something?  I live in a pretty boring area and not much happens here at night though.  I can try explaining away everything, but not the bright round white lights that kept appearing and disappearing and appearing again in a new location. Let me know if you would like any additional information. Regards, ((name  ((END ADDENDUM));40.319320338983;-75.1310457627118
