saw one flashing light in sky similar to aircraft lights on wings, saw 3 other similar lights flashing, all came together as one, took ;1975-06-20 23:30:00;5 minutes;saw one flashing light in sky similar to aircraft lights on wings, saw 3 other similar lights flashing, all came together as one, took off towards the north.  we were near Hanscom air base. my friends and i were in a field near hanscom air base in bedford ma. looking up at the sky when we noticed a light moving in a zig-zag fashion.  it reminded me of the way a small aircraft's lights strobe.  we noticed that this was not a small craft but a light, moving erratically, with no certain shape to it.  it made no noise whatsoever. we observed this one light for approximately 2 minutes, all of the sudden we saw another light acting the same way, then another light, and then one more light.  at first the lights were far apart in the sky but began to move in closer to each other. we observed all 4 lights merge together as on solid light and take off to the north.  my friends and i could not beleive what we had just seen.  we were totally amazed. we never reported this sighting to authorities, nor do we know of any other witnesses.  i thought it was strange though because we were less than a mile from the airbase. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.4881;-71.2758
1 object splits into 2 (white - red light);1999-07-03 18:00:00;15-20 seconds;1 object splits into 2 (white - red light) A friend and I were out walking in a town park.  We noticed airplanes the whole time we were walking and ironically were talking about UFOs. We were heading back towards the car when I spotted a bright white (almost fuzzy) light flying horizontally quickly just above the tree line about a 1/2 mile away from us.  I watched it for a few seconds without saying anything to my friend, but then I realized I couldn't make out that it was a plane, plus it was flying so low I told him to take a look.  Just about then, the white started to sort of fuse into red and as it turned completely red, it suddenly split into two separate red lights.  The newer light sort of did a sharp u-turn up and backwards as the other remained steady on it's course horizontally.  Then the one further behind headed back in the direction of the other only further back and higher up.  We watched until they were out of sight. We assumed because it was July 3rd, that probably Hanscom Airforce Base in Bedford was putting on an air show.  It wasn't until a year later I found out Hanscom didn't have their annual air show that year, plus the objects must were so much closer than we realized and Hanscom is too far away to witness their aircraft.;42.4881;-71.2758
Bright Light in sky sped away at incredible speed.;2013-01-23 18:00:00;5 seconds;Bright Light in sky sped away at incredible speed. Driving on the highway my on dark but clear night, I saw a huge bright light in the sky. It stood out among the rest of the other objects in the sky like small stars and aircraft with their blinking lights. This bright light was hovering still. I pointed it out to my husband.   He looked at it.  I said, What is that?   And at that moment it sped off super fast going sideways and it disappeared.   We both looked at each other in disbelief.  We've never seen anything like that ever.  The speed was incredible and it was so bright and disappearing as it sped away was insane. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));42.4881;-71.2758
