Multiple UFO sitings cumulating in siting of an object that changed shape and zigzagged through the sky.;2007-07-25 22:30:00;uncertain-15/20 minutes?;Multiple UFO sitings cumulating in siting of an object that changed shape and zigzagged through the sky. First, I would like to mention that I have seen multiple craft throughout the summer of 2007, from the end of May to this 9th of August.  Until my most recent sighting all were alone, all were yellow orbs, all made no sound and did not speed up or accelerate, but stayed on fixed paths at a steady pace. The only exceptions to this rule was a sighting in late June (date unknown) where a singular yellow circle/orb veered in an abrupt 90 degree turn and disappeared into a cloud bank. It never appeared on the other side.  I hadn't planned to report any of them because I thought they were possibly some strange form of aircraft or satellites. However, the circle that made the 90 degree turn was in the sky with an airplane, and the two could not have been more different. The airplane was much slower, had blinking lights (none of the other crafts had blinking lights), and had multiple light colors (all other crafts have been yellow).  Then my mother, my sister, and myself were on a walk July 25 between the hours of 9:30 PM (USA Central time) and 11:30 PM. We saw another orb in the sky, making no noise and moving at a fixed pace. However, the light was pulsing and yellow, and the craft itself was moving as though the air was thick, like a jellyfish through water. It was a triangular shape, though I thought it looked equilateral and my mother thought isosceles (we fought about it later).  This craft made its rather slow way across the sky, heading West, making no noise whatsoever. Then it changed shape and became circular and fuzzy-quite hard to see. It appeared to have moved higher in the sky and farther away in a span of time that almost impossible to understand. The tempo of its blinking light also quickened-it seemed to double.  The craft then began a lazy zigzag in the sky.  It did this for a short while and then vanished into the distance, still heading west. I should also mention that before it changed shape there was a flash in the sky, though my sister and my mother both thought that could have been a shooting star. (There were many in the sky that night, but I do know the difference between whatever that thing was and a star.)  These occurrences are made all the more unusual because I have never seen UFOs in the sky anywhere near my town, except for a childhood incident that remains fuzzy and was most likely a meteor (I do not remember that even well enough to report it).  Make of this what you will. Godspeed and good luck!;43.2606;-91.483
