A cigar shaped craft with 2 6-ft tall beings obucted me and later crashed in the mountians of lake lure.;1997-08-16 12:00:00;7 hours;A cigar shaped craft with 2 6-ft tall beings obucted me and later crashed in the mountians of lake lure. one late night me and to others were standing outside admireing the stars, when my two friends went inside to use the bathroom. All of a sudden,when they came back they found me gazeing in shock up at the sky. There we saw a cigar shaped craft, glowing green, and it was setting down in a near by feild. Being the curious people we are, we went to check it out. Suddenly the craft opened, and two creatures about 6FT tall, greyish-blue in color, with what looked like armor on, steped out. At that moment my two friends started to run. But I was not so lucky. Before I could get away, the creatures caught me. They took me aboard there craft, and put me in what was a weird cage. These creatures did not speak with words, instead they used telepaphy. Some how I could hear there thoughts as well as them hearing mine. They then started telling me that if our world wanted to capure and torment his kind, they would retaliate. I did not understand this at first, but soon did. I then asked where they were from. they told me they came from beyond 300 million light years.i asked how they could travel so far. they then told me something I did not understand. one said we came at millions of times the speed of light, because we use the speed of gravity which is faster than light. I asked how it was possible to travel that fast it told me that the shape of the craft in which we travel is key. Only a sauser shape or cigar shape,or round vessil could travel that fast because of the pressure that is excerted on a craft at that high a speed. though we were communicating rather well, something went terribly wrong. We crashed into the mountians at lake lure,i regained consciousness about 1 hr later,and found no signs of anything around.this really happened,i don't know what to think,except there is other life out there, ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We are uncertain as to whether this is a serious report, but we will request reports from the other alleged witnesses.  PD));35.3706;-81.9780999999999
