Moving lights in the sky with what looked like radio/cell tower structures.  ((NUFORC Note:  Lights on radio towers.  PD));2006-11-21 06:00:00;5 min.;Moving lights in the sky with what looked like radio/cell tower structures (beams) below them but too high in the sky to be towers.. I was walking my dogs this morning.  I saw red and white lights in the sky.  They looked like radio towers or cell towers but they were too high to be either.  At first I thought, how in the world could they have put up radio or cell towers sudddenly without my noticing it?  I walked quickly to try to see where they were really located, knowing there were no hills or mountains around where they could be mounted upon.  The morning was foggy and cold, not sure what the temperature was but there was frost on windshields so I'd guess maybe 30 degrees.  I wondered if cold fog could create mirages where objects looked displaced from their actual physical location.  As I walked further east, trying to get a good look at them without bare trees in the way they were always behind the trees, meaning that they moved to the north slightly as I walked.  I can't remember for sure but it seemed like maybe 3 red lights and one white light with what looked like tower structures below them (beams?).  I headed south trying to get a look at them without bare trees in the way andd as I walked south they were still behind the trees, maybe 10-15 degrees above the horizon.  When I finally got to a point where I should have had a good view of them they disappeared.  As I drove to work I looked to see if there were any mountains or hills in the area where radio/cell towers would have been mounted just to check to make sure.  There were none.  As I said, it was a foggy morning since the Yakima River has fog over it on cold mornings this time of the year.  But the light/towers were well above the the height of the fog. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Follow up on report about red and white lights on what looked like radio towers they were radio towers. The report I filed yesterday on the red and white lights turned out to actually be radio towers.  The fog must have played tricks with these making them appear much higher in the sky.  Apologies for reporting something that turned out to be simply radio towers.;46.3125;-119.3717
Brilliant white light moving at extreme velocity traveling in a straight trajectory E to W.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS at 21:20 hrs..  PD));2010-08-27 21:15:00;1 minute;Brilliant white light moving at an extreme velocity traveling in a straight trajectory east to west. While visiting friends,the unidentified aerial phenomenon was seen by me and four others in West Richland, Washington on August 27, 2010 at approximately 2115 hours.  The weather was very clear with a few scattered high altitude clouds in the west.   If facing west the object was first spotted at about the 11 o’clock position.  It was traveling in a straight line east to west and disappeared over the horizon in less than a minute. At first we thought it was a satellite, due to its speed and trajectory.   We quickly realized that it was much too large and bright to be a satellite and then thought it might be the space station.  Again this was discounted due to the size of the object.  It had to be very large and very high or it had to be at a much lower altitude and traveling faster than any airplane any of us had ever seen. The object was a large white light or maybe several white lights close together forming what appeared to be a single light.  It was extremely bright and the shape of the object behind the lights was indiscernible.  There was absolutely no engine noise.  The object moved in a straight trajectory directly toward the sun, which had already set.  As stated the object was over the horizon in less than a minute.  I will not speculate as to its speed. The witnesses to this event are extremely credible.  None of us had any guess as to what this object may have been. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS at 21:20 hrs., but west to east.  We are confused by the direction of travel of the object witnessed, given that the ISS does not orbit to the west.  PD));46.3125;-119.3717
