Orange apple-sized round lights, 7 in number, silent deliberate path, relatively low height, ability to make 45 degree turns.;2014-07-04 21:00:00;2 hours;Orange apple-sized round lights, 7 in number, silent deliberate path, relatively low height, ability to make 45 degree turns. My husband and I were sitting on our deck the evening of 4 Jul, 2014, enjoying the fireworks going off around the neighborhood when we saw an orange round sphere the size of an apple coming from the west.  We are sky watchers and enjoy looking for anything in the night sky, i.e. satellites, airplanes, stars, and the moon phases, so we recognized immediately that we were observing something very different.   As we watched it slowing, silently come towards us, my husband said, “What could that be?”  We speculated this and that but really was at a loss as to what it could be.  I mentioned maybe it was a drone but there were no navigational lights as required by the FAA at night, just a soft orange glow traveling in a deliberate path obviously not just something drifting in the wind.   It was low, about the height of the fireworks that were going off, lower than a small airplane but higher than the treetops.   As it came adjacent to where we were watching, it made a 45 degree right turn toward the south.  A couple of minutes later another one came from the east and also made a left turn to the south as it came adjacent to our position.   A few minutes later, one came back from the south, either one of the first two returning or a different one and it continued to the left over our house and to the north out of sight.  When the next one came into view, I excitedly ran and got my camera and took pictures of the rest that came into sight from several different angles to the others.   In total there were seven and the last one stopped and made a 45 degree turn upward and disappeared out of sight.  I could find no information online suggesting what these objects could be.  I did a search on YouTube and found some videos of exactly the same objects we saw.;46.3125;-119.3717
