Object seen outside of Lincoln ,NE;2007-05-05 01:00:00;5-7 minutes;Object seen outside of Lincoln ,NE This sighting occured at about 1:00 a.m. in a rural area outside of Lincoln, NE. I am a trained weather spotter of 20 years and was atop on of the higher hills in the area watching a front moving through to the south and east of my location. At the moment of this incident there was about 50% cloud cover and a significant storm in progress to the south and east. While looking to the west and south I noticed a bright light which I assumed to be collision lights. After about 2 minutes the light had gained speed and lowered its altitude. Assuming I correctly identified landmarks it flew past it was possibly 4 miles out. The object moved to an alitude of tree level no more than 60 feet off the ground following the contours of the pasture directly west of my position. At this point I gauged the approximate diameter of this object at 50 yards. The object had a fixed but irregular shape, resembling in my mind a fried egg. There was a semblance of a dome atop the object. This object was luminescent best described as mother of pearl. The object made no noise, neitther in motion or stationary. The object stopped about 100 or so yards short of SW 100th Street. There appeared to be a small unlit object in the creekbed below the object. There was movement, but I could only see movement with the occasional lighting from the southeast. If I had to guess it appeared to be something that looked like a jack in the box toy. A square object with a long curving appendage and what looked like a ice cream scoop atop the appendage. Although the lighting was poor I could discern it  moving about the area, but it was difficult to see if the object was on the ground, on wheels, or otherwise. This event happened in about 5 minutes time. The object then rose up to approx. 200 feet (?) There was a shrill sound from the pasture (sounded like nails on chalkboard) and was an uncomfortble sensation. The object moved away slowly at first and seemed to gain speed as it moved off to the north and then back west again. I was ! admitedl y frightened and left the area immediately. Even crossing washed out roads in flood waters, so as to not turn back towards the area of the object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));40.7391;-96.8395
