5 lights bouncing across the night sky.;2003-06-18 21:00:00;3 minutes;5 lights bouncing across the night sky. My friend and I were coming back from Stop and Shop and we sat down on a bench for a drink and Salt and Vinager chips. Then I just leaned my head backwards and I saw this light that went west, then came out of east. Then we saw 3 more following each other going south. But then the one that scared us, was one that west zig-zagging away in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that satellites would be the first possibility to be ruled out, but that is only a guess on my part.  PD));41.176072;-73.2593000000001
Bright object in sky suddenly disappears;2008-05-28 21:00:00;5 minutes;Bright object in sky suddenly disappears It's around 8:45 at night, myself, my twin brother and my two other friends are going to go for a walk on the beach.  It is a clear night, there is some residual sunlight from the sunset and plenty of light pollution.  After a 20 minute walk, it's a little after 9 when I point out a bright light in the sky.  I was pretty sure it was Venus, astronomy is a hobby of mine and I can recognize alot of objects in the sky.  I said to my brother, I don't think Venus is out after sunset in the summer, what do you think?  He says he doesn't believe it would be out either.  We stare at it for a couple minutes more when all of a sudden, as if it were shrinking, it disappears.  We both looked at eachother in disbelief, did that just happen?  The manner in which this light disappeared was too weird, it couldn't have been a flare, it was in the sky for too long, and the light's intensity remained constant.  It was straight out of a UFO tv show, this thing went from being the brightest object in the sky, to completely gone in about 2 seconds.  As for details about how the UFO looked, all I can say is that it looked like Venus, it didn't twinkle however, and it never moved.;41.176072;-73.2593000000001
Very bright light seen over Tunxis Hill from I-95 in Bridgeport and Fairfield.;2009-09-07 19:18:00;about 6 minutes;Very bright light seen over Tunxis Hill from I-95 in Bridgeport and Fairfield. We were driving home on I-95 going southbound from a friends house in orange and right about when we got to exit 26 on the southbound lane, I noticed a bright object in the sky. It didn't look like a helicopter or plane and it seemed to be traveling west at a decently fast speed. I pointed it out to my father who was in the front passenger seat(I was in the back seat) and he said that he saw it too and that it did not seem to take on the appearance of an airplane or helicopter. As we crossed over Rooster River (the border between Bridgeport and Fairfield) between exit 25 southbound and exit 24 southbound, we noticed that the object got larger and we could see it in more detail. It appeared to be over the general area of the CVS drug store on tunxis hill in fairfield from our point of view on I-95. We passed some trees just before exiting I-95 via exit 24 southbound and taking a right into the northern direction. When we got off I-95 just after our view being blocked by some trees to the left (north), we could not see the object anymore over tunxis hill, or in any direction for that matter. It seemed to have just disappeared, it was slightly cloudy so that could have been why we couldn't see it anymore. During the entire experience, at one point the object looked like it was moving at a high rate of speed, and at another point it looked like it was just hovering for a decently long period of time. Before out view got blocked near exit 24 southbound, the object was close enough to us where we could see it in enough detail to tell for sure that it was not an airplane and was not a helicopter. The object was just a small to medium sized circular light. The light was very bright just to say. and it looked almost as if the light was glossy or glistening in the sky. This was just before it got dark enough out to see stars, but not dark enough where we could see stars yet. It was still bright outside. This object also got larger as we neared it.;41.176072;-73.2593000000001
2 seperate observations. Fairfield, CT;2009-10-01 23:00:00;20 seconds;2 seperate observations. Fairfield, CT I figure I would submit my observations, though it has been a few weeks since the events had accrued.  I guess the events took place around the 1st of October.  I smoke cigarettes out side my home and observe the night sky every night.  I live around NYC region and see many planes travel over my home, and so I would consider my self capable of identifying a plane easily in the night sky.  My first observation.  I saw a bright light breaking through the tree line on a clear night, at a height I observe many planes around 11PM.  At first I figured it was a plane coming at me in a direct line, and I was observing a line of sight to its head lights, although it was brighter than most planes, so I decided to observe it longer than I typically would for other night sky lights.  The path the light was traveling was coming at me and it did travel directly over my house and off into the southern tree line.  What I would typically see when a plane travels in this fashion would be. First the head lights when it is traveling towards me. 2nd the underbelly lights as it traveled above me. 3rd the head lights would dim and fade to black as it passed away from me, and I would observe the tail lights and the underbelly lights.  Well this light didn't follow those rules and it sutatined its single point of light through it entire traverse of the night sky and maintained its lluminosity.  It did appear to be low in the sky although I can't declare how far that would be.  It made no noise.  After it passed beyond my ability to see it, I noticed that there were many planes in the night sky, more than usual, and their paths didn't follow what is typically the flying paths for airliners and personal aircraft comiing in and  out of the airports around my area.  Made me think that I wasn't the only person to observe this event.   A few days later, it was over cast but it wasn't raining.  I was observing the moon light breaking through the cloud cover and it resembled the NASA Black Brant XII cloud dispersal I viewed on Youtube.  I watched the moon light break through the clouds for awhile as it sustained the appearance of the Rocket launch for awhile.  I have to mention that I felt that something was going to happen, it was odd, and it made me uncomfortable.  I looked into the northern sky and observed a light break the tree line, it was followed by 2 other lights. They appear to hold the points of a triangle and were traveling to the south. When I declared to my self that this was not something that I had ever observed before, the 3 lights broke formation and the leading light changed direction towards the west and the other 2 lights followed, but didn't take the paths of what I would say are typical of things I have seen in the night sky (radical and some what random change of direction.) It was a short event and lost sight of them in the western tree line. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.176072;-73.2593000000001
Witnesses had seen multiple objects in the sky that clearly move and pulsate, but not aircraft.;2018-08-06 10:05:00;Minutes;Witnesses had seen multiple objects in the sky that clearly move and pulsate, but not aircraft. For two days, witnesses had seen multiple objects in the sky.  They appeared like stars, but clearly move and pulsate.  They reported 4 objects last night (5th).   It was as if they were in a grid spreading out for many miles over the sky, zigzagging in various directions, but always returning to a fixed spot.   Four of the witnesses saw the same thing.  They reported over ten airplanes flying at various heights during this event and even saw space debris or satellites that went close by where these objects were.;41.176072;-73.2593000000001
two objects that appeared through my camera as white, seem that they had the ability to become one and seperate at high speed.;2020-12-02 22:00:00;0.6;two objects that appeared through my camera as white, seem that they had the ability to become one and seperate at high speed.;41.176072;-73.2593000000001
