6 Balls of Light Swooping Behind Chem-Clouds 9:30 p.m. CST;2007-10-13 00:00:00;3 minutes;6 Balls of Light Swooping Behind Chem-Clouds 9:30 p.m. CST 9:30 p.m. CST October 13, 2007 Hudson, Wisconsin  Sighting of Approximately 6 UFOs Behind Chem-clouds.  There is a very large window in my second floor apartment.  I turned off the television about 9:30 p.m. and went to the window to see if I could discover whether the clouds had cleared.  These clouds had been in the making all day by the double-barreled tanker planes that produce chemtrails.  I was checking the sky because I was hoping to be able to open the windows to let in some fresh air.  Since I just recently found information on chemtrails and am still learning about this, I wasn’t sure that it was safe to have my windows open if the “chem-clouds” were still there.  While I was peering out the window into the dark sky, trying to determine whether I could see anything, a very large mass of light passed behind a chem-cloud showing me that, in fact, the chemtrails were still there.  I would call this a “ball” of light, except the mass was diffused behind the chem-cloud so I couldn’t see any precise shape to it.  But my guess was that it was a “ball” of light.  It didn’t make any sound. This wasn’t like anything I have ever seen before.  Stars and planets and planes all have small points of sparkling light that are either stationary or traveling in a mostly straight path.  This light was many times larger, like a huge cotton ball sliding down a winding path in order to stay behind the curved chem-cloud swooping like a giant bird, covering much more distance than a plane.  Its motion appeared almost playful.  It appeared in the east and swooped to the west.  As soon as it was gone, about 5 to 10 seconds later, another one appeared in the east and swooped to the west like it was following the same identical winding path to stay hidden behind the chem-cloud.  When that one was gone, about 5 to 10 seconds later, another appeared.  It finally dawned on me that I should start counting.  So I can’t be positive, but I think that there were approximately 6 in all and identical in size, light, and path--except for the last one.  That one surprised me when it got to the west side, because it turned slightly and came back a short distance before it disappeared.;44.9863;-92.7277999999999
Pulsing red object moving west to east at airliner speed without standard aircraft lighting.;2014-10-16 20:30:00;1 minute;Pulsing red object moving west to east at airliner speed without standard aircraft lighting. My wife and I were walking our dog when I noticed a red (lit) object moving in the Western sky.  I was intrigued because the lighting was non standard for an aircraft (I am an airline pilot, 39 years of flight experience).   The object seemed to dip and then rise again before proceeding eastbound at a perceived speed similar to an airliner.  Pulsing, bright, red lighting.  No strobes or landing lights typical of a departing jet.  No noise was heard.  Continued on a straight easterly heading before disappearing.   Note:  this is my first EVER report.  I have never seen anything like this!;44.9863;-92.7277999999999
