Ominous sound coming from night sky.;2011-06-01 21:00:00;??;Ominous sound coming from night sky. Report#1- I've been experiencing paranormal/ufo activity since the spring of 2011.  This is the first report that really started it for me.  I live in a suburb of Milwaukee where there is a lot of families, schools, churches, shopping malls, etc.  This first event happened in late May or early June of 2011. It was about 9pm and I decided I would go out for a late evening walk, since the weather was nice.  I get about 2 or 3 blocks from home when I hear a peculiar sound.  I stood there at the corner of the street listing to this.  It clearly from the sky, but I couldn't tell which direction.  What struck me odd was that this was unlike anything I heard before.  The sound didn't sound like traffic, or weather, or airplanes, or factories, etc. In fact, it sounded like something from a horror movie!  I looked up and down the street if anyone was out to hear what I was hearing, but everyone was inside.  Nonetheless, this sound made my hair stand on end, it was really unner! ving. I decided to end my walk early and head back home.  After about a week or two I forgot about the incident until late in the year I heard some people talk about this on the radio.  People the world over had been experiencing these sky sounds and even some has posted videos of it on You Tube.  It's a real deal, and it's very ominous sounding.  This was the first time I heard it.  I heard it again Labor Day weekend 2013. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));43.0800290874524;-88.0222823193926
White orbs, red/orange orbs, strange lights in the blue of sky, etc. 2013-2015.;2013-05-19 19:00:00;Hours;White orbs, red/orange orbs, strange lights in the blue of sky, etc. 2013-2015. Report#3-  This encompasses the year of 2013. 1) Spring 2013 (approx May 19th or so), evening:  I was walking home from the library and it was evening, about 7pm. It was getting dark.  As I'm about a few blocks from home, I noticed a really bright light in the northern sky. I initially thought it was a plane and dismissed it as being so, although it was still somewhat peculiar.  Around 11pm, as I'm taking trash out to the dumpster and settling in for the night, that really bright light was still there! I had to get a good look at it.  So I walked to the local softball field where I always have been able to get a good view at the night sky.  As I'm walking there while looking at the light, it was not 'twinkling' as a star does, but pulsating.  And every time it 'blinked' it changed color-blue, red, green, yellow, white, and so forth.  I finally got to my location and I stood there for 45 minutes watching it pulsate.  It was bigger and brighter than any star I've ever seen.  I can't tell if it was out in space or 'local' to my are! a.  At one moment, there was a bright blue flash directly below it.  Unfortunately, I could see the horizon since trees and houses blocked the view. I would've stayed out all night to watch it, but I had to go to work in the morning.  Incidentally, it was gone the next night. 2)  Bright, large light in the western sky that would move slowly down.  It didn't twinkly so much as it would pulsate.  It would appear in the blue of sky and would get brighter the darker it got.  It would move slowly, down, diagonally, out of view after two hours.  I experienced this all year in 2013 and it disappeared in early 2014.  IT'S NOT VENUS, nor is it a satellite or space station, I'm certain of that.  It has reappeared in 2015, but it is not as bright or as large, but it still moves.  I've also seen it do some strange things.  In 2013, as I'm sitting out there waiting for it appear, a white orb that sort of blended in the bright blue afternoon sky, flew from the east, over my head, and take its place in the western sky.  It was the same thing, because it would slowly light up the darker the sky got.  I've also seen it move at an alarming speed and come to a dead stop at it's spot in the western afternoon sky. 3)  One day in 2013, summer, I was walking down the avenue to the store, this was around noon, and I happened to look up in the sky (for no particular reason) and noticed white orbs flying in and out the clouds. I stood there several minutes watching this. When I came back from the store, they were gone. 4)  This was big one for me.  It was Friday before Labor Day 2013.  It was around 8pm and it was getting dark. I went out to my usual spot to watch the sky.  I initially didn't see anything out of the ordinary, and the bright western light had already disappeared. After 15 minutes or so, I thought I'd head back home, since it was hot and muggy. After walking about a block from my spot, I look over my should an see something truly out of the ordinary. A string of red/orange orbs appeared low in the sky and moved up, in a diagonal direction. Occasionally, the orbs would make 'shapes' as they flew up in the sky.  Anyhow, they'd reach their position in the sky and blink (or 'pop') out.  After each one would pop, there would be a dull purple sparkling effect that would fly off in the opposite direction.  This all happened over 15 minutes or so and was completely silent.  At one moment as I'm watching this, a helicopter flew over my head directly towards the orbs but I couldn't see if any! thing happened since trees and houses blocked the view.  I called the police department to ask if anyone else saw what I so and I was told no. However, the next day, I scoured the internet, and some people in Illinois, Ohio, and even Egypt saw the very thing I saw on the same day and about the same time. In fact, videos of these orbs can be found on You Tube. Anyhow, I came out the next day to see if they'd reappear. Nothing happened like the night before- HOWEVER that Saturday night, as I'm sitting there waiting for something to happen, a sound from the sky returned and it got real loud (it seemed like it was right above me)- but this time it sounded like white noise. The duration of this was maybe five minutes. As I'm looking at the sky for the source of this sound, I latched on to one red/orange in the southern sky. As the sound ended abruptly, this red/orange orb blinked out at the same time.  Like I said, something strange is going on. 2013 was a big year for me on experiencing these things. These sky sounds are real, and I'm convinced it's not HAARP but something paranormal in origin. And I think these orbs are linked to these sounds.  But these are real things and not a hoax. 2014 was a quiet year and I didn't experience anything too out of the ordinary. But 2015 seems that things might be ramping up again. The western 'star' is back. I've been seeing strange lights slowly light up and die out low in the horizon.  I never in my life thought I'd see a UFO, let alone nearly in my own back yard. Plus I'm experiencing these things on a regular basis (though it seemed to peak in 2013) and still experienced a shape-shifting bronze object on 7/2/2015 late morning and in the bright blue of sky.  Something really odd is going on. More people need to keep their eyes on the sky, because they'd probably see this stuff as easily as I have been. I don't know what it means. But I'm thoroughly convinced it's something paranormal in original, maybe even supernatural. And I'm confident airline pilots are seeing these things left and right. And I KNOW the government is aware of this stuff, certainly the things I'm seeing and hearing 2011-2015. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));43.0800290874524;-88.0222823193926
