Large bright orange object travelling west to east with very long tail with landing trajectory;2013-06-09 21:35:00;5 seconds;Large bright orange object travelling west to east with very long tail with landing trajectory Travelling west to east was a VERY large flame moving 200-300 mph with a long tail of bright orange and looked like it was in a landing trajectory as I watched it continue it's descent over the tree line.  I wasn't the first witness, a friend was laying in a lawnchair and was able to point it out and I had time to completely turn my head and watch for what seemed to be a long 5 seconds.  Sounded like there was a faint crash in the distance afterwards.  Many things ran through my head, ultimately I can say it is un-identified.;44.4346;-73.0962
Several bright, glowing, orange-yellow orbs low in the sky. Geometric formation (diamond, triangle);2014-02-22 19:00:00;3 minutes;Several bright, glowing, orange-yellow orbs low in the sky. Geometric formation (diamond, triangle) While driving home on the interstate from Williston, VT, to Richmond just after dusk, I looked out to the left and saw around 4 very bright, glowing orbs in the sky.  At first I thought that maybe it was a plane (The Burlington airport is somewhat nearby) turning toward me, since I know how bright the lights can be, but the orbs didn't move, and they were so incredibly bright that I couldn't imagine what they were. I had time to pull out my cellphone, unlock it, and record 48 seconds of video footage.  During that time I noticed maybe one additional orb, and many tiny orbs around the big ones (not sure if I only just noticed them at that point, or whether they were being emitted from the orbs.)  It looked like several concentrated, ball-shaped fireworks had gone off but were just hanging in the sky and not falling or fading.  In the video you can see that the orbs come together, and form a tight triangle.  It looked to be like they were descending.  At the end of the video I enter a line of trees as I start to descend French Hill and the orbs can't be seen. They seemed fairly close to me, within a mile or two.  Low altitude, again, like fireworks. I noticed a truck had pulled off to the side of the road on South Road (which runs along the interstate briefly), and perhaps they were observing the objects as well. I wish that my phone could have captured the bright, orange glow from the objects, but if you've ever tried to take a picture at night with your phone, you know how diminished the brightness of an object can be.;44.4346;-73.0962
Large orange fireball, exceptional speed and low altitude observed by at least two people.  AWESOME!;2014-02-23 20:15:00;Seconds;Large orange fireball, exceptional speed and low altitude observed by at least two people.  AWESOME! Fireball traveling in low atmosphere.....below flight paths entering into BTV airport. It was exceptionally close and large. reported to local authorities Williston P.D. who verified radar contact with the Burlington International airport. Startling, bright, heart jumping, and exhilarating moment!   Are we alone???  Do they come and go???  Are they just utilizing our planet with us?;44.4346;-73.0962
