Flashing white and red light in the sky over Williston, VT.;2014-07-09 21:15:00;15 seconds;flashing white and red light in the sky over williston VT At 9:15 pm on the east coast, i stepped outback onto my porch in Williston Vermont.  As i looked ahead just above the tree line i noticed a flashing light. it was white, then red, then back to white, back to red, so on and so forth.   At first i thought it was a plane far away because of the flashing lights, but after a second i noticed that it wasn't flying in a line, it was changing its direction very radically, it went from the right side of me towards the left, then went up, back towards the right, and then it was just gone.  I sat and watched the part of the sky i had seen it in for about a minute more, thinking maybe it had just gotten blocked from sight by the clouds in the sky.  but i never saw it again.  i have no idea how far away it actually was. but from what i saw it looked to be a circle with flashing red and white lights.   from the distance i was at it seemed to only move a few inches in the sky. the entire time i saw it was no more then fifteen seco! nds.;44.4346;-73.0962
3 lights traveling silently across the sky - multiple witnesses.   ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-25 20:30:00;1 minute;3 lights traveling silently across the sky - multiple witnesses My fiancee and 2 friends were sitting out on our patio in our back yard in the evening at around 8:30 PM.  It was a clear night and it was just getting dark enough so that more stars were beginning to be visible.  I had my binoculars out, which I was using to look at the crescent moon and any planes or other aircraft that were in the sky.  Everyone was just chatting and sitting in the patio furniture (I was standing up and periodically looking at the moon and scanning the sky).  I saw what appeared to be 3 white lights traveling East (or Southeast)  in a line.  The front 2 lights were much closer together than the 3rd trailing light. There were no blinking lights and no red or other-colored lights.  I stated I saw something to my fiancee and our friends and my fiancee and one of our friends began watching as well (the 4th person had their back to everything and was not paying attention or interested in he moment).  The lights were completely silent and at the time we did not see any other planes in the sky and there were only a handful of stars/planets (in addition to the moon) visible in the night sky.  I followed the 3 lights with my binoculars and watched them as long as possible - eventually they faded into the distance - they did not disappear behind the horizon or into the clouds - to me it looked like the objects were continuing on the same path they were on when I first noticed them.  The lights traveled at a consistent speed except towards the end of the sighting when it appeared that they sped up, or were going up into higher altitude while still traveling East/Southeast without the rate of movement changing. The 3 of us who witnessed it were baffled.;44.4346;-73.0962
