Missle seen heading South, over Connecticut, on a clear bright day. 8:35 am.;2004-01-21 08:35:00;approx 5seconds;Missle seen heading South, over Connecticut, on a clear bright day. 8:35 am. I saw a cylinderical shaped object,a MISSIL, ON THAT MORNING AGAINST A CLEAR, BRIGHT BLUE SKY.Its direction of traval was from North to South, with a very slightly nose down attitude. It's color was a desert sand color, the nose area appeared to be a reddish orange.I took this color to becaused by friction of this missle against the upper atmospher causing the nose to heat up.It had no wings or tail assembly, I heard no noise and saw no exhaust trail. It appeared to be 2-4 feet wide, and at least 100 feet long. It was a solid object, without visible windows, or lights of any kind. It's speed was very rapid, as it crossed my 8 foot sliding glass doors in approximately 5 seconds, in a very horizontal path, very slightly nose down.It appeared to be so large that at first I thought that the Space Station had fallen out of orbit, then I realized that this object was not bulky enough for the Station,and therefore was a missle, I looked for news announcements that day and on Jan.22,04, a TV broadcast said something had fallen in Argentina, on Jan.21, '04, that had caused a fire, with writting on the debrie that said made in Italy.  The local police and FBI, nor the FAA have any knowledge of the above event. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this individual, a medical professional, and we regard him to be of exceptionally high reliability.  His description of the object was unusually precise, and very objectively described.  This event, we suspect, occurred as described above.  The witness had telephoned the FAA, who then telephoned NUFORC, and who then invited the witness to contact our Center.  We express our gratitude to the witness, and to the FAA.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Mr. Davenport, I have been mulling over what I said to you yesterday, trying to make sense of what I SAW. I know what I saw, but you pointd out a valid fact, since I saw the missil against a bright blue cloudless sky, I couldn't really estimate the distance correctly, however I am quit sure of it's size. I therefore feel that this missil was in fact very close to me, in addition to that the closer it was the faster it's flight would appear to me,as it crossed my window. As far as no sound, the missil must have been subsonic when I saw it.Bradley Field, which is 35-40 miles northwest of me didn't see this missil, visually or on Radar as it was below there line of sight, Pilot's didn't see it either because it would have been obscured by ground clutter.Lastly the missil's flight path was more similar to a Cruise missil than a Ballistic missil, as it had a flat trajectory. Sincerely yours, ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));41.7026;-72.3156
