Rotating, dark gray, rectangles I saw during the DAY!;2010-07-20 09:03:00;20-30 seconds;Rotating, dark gray, rectangles I saw during the DAY! This morning at 9:03 AM, I saw in the bright, blue sky, what appeared to be a dark gray rectangle flying across the eastern sky.  It was faintly dark gray and was spinning so it looked like a rectangle building block being thrown and spinning. It spun and flew slowly for about 9, 10 seconds.  I was watching this from my balcony so I had a very clear view.  It was spinning to look as if someone had thrown a very big, very far rectangle and it was actually going very fast and I would be able to tell if I was way closer. Then all of the sudden, it stopped spinning, it was still flying for 3 seconds, then stopped flying also. Since it was sitting there just still and obvious for a couple seconds I wanted to grab my low power telescope as soon as possible. So I got my telescope and came back out.  It was still in this position. So I looked at it through my telescope, and all I saw was the same big gray rectangle but, this magnified, I could see that one corner of it (the top right corner) had a bent, broken off part. I zoomed in and out and if I zoomed out slightly, I couldn't see the broken off part. It just looked like the rectangle I saw without the telescope.  But through the telescope, as zoomed in as I could possibly get, I could see the faintest yellowish glow around the edges of the rectangle.  There were no sounds or rumbles whatsoever coming from said rectangle(s). Nor any lights.  Just dark gray. I know it had to be something far, far off in the night sky and not some kind of bag or weird toy (they're making all kinds of weird, powerful kids' toys these days) because even through my telescope it was still far and fuzzy.  And I've easily looked at Jupiter through my telescope before. After putting my telescope back down on a chair, I looked back up in the sky and it was gone... poof... just... gone. Very frustrated, I stayed on the balcony looking at the sky. The same thing came again, appearing over some nearby buildings.  But this one (or the same one?) was not spinning, just flying through the sky very slowly. I looked at this one through my telescope and saw nothing.  Not one thing!  So I looked up and it was gone, again.  Weird?  A little creepy. [Conditions at this time were 84*F outside and no clouds in view during this sighting];38.80607421875;-121.2573
Small dot of light grew rapidly into a brilliant rectangle and then vanished.;2011-08-02 21:35:00;5 to 10 seconds;Small dot of light grew rapidly into a brilliant rectangle and then vanished. At approximately 9:35 PM (PST) I went into my backyard and as I was doing so I was looking in a south easterly direction.  Almost immediately, a small pin prick of a light grew in intensity as if someone was turning on a dimmer switch.  The light grew rapidly into a brilliantly bright white rectangle and then vanished.   As it was happening I called my family outside while I described the sighting, but by the time they arrived outside it had completely vanished.  The entire event took no more than 5 to 10 seconds. If I extended my arm in a Babe Ruth calling the shot fashion, the object appeared as a pin prick and grew to about one inch long strip approximately 1/4 inch wide in comparison to end of my extended arm.  I remained outside for the next 30 minutes without any further sighting.;38.80607421875;-121.2573
