I first saw the object at about 10:30 last night.  It remained in one place.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly a twinkling star??  PD));2004-10-12 22:30:00;1 hour;I tried to put in the time, but the site wouldn't let me.  I first saw the object at about 10:30 last night.  It remained in one place, pulsating with white, green and pinkish red lights for about an hour.  A little before it was gone, the lights stopped pulsatung as much as they had been earlier.  No sound came from it.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly a twinkling star??  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));38.80607421875;-121.2573
Star-like Object wobbling in the Distance and a Large Black Triangular object with 3 bright lights and a red light in the middle.;2015-07-20 02:00:00;5 minutes;Star-like Object wobbling in the Distance and a Large Black Triangular object with 3 bright lights and a red light in the middle. I walked out front of my house in Rocklin, California, around 2 am on Monday Morning, and I noticed a distant star like object that seemed to have a glowing tail.  At first I thought I believed it to be a star, but then I noticed it was wobbling and appeared to be falling.  It was glowing from red to blue, at which point I ran inside to get my mother and my nephew to make sure they saw the same thing I did.  They came outside and confirmed what I was looking at.  The star like object was wobbling back and forth while changing colors.  Then it appeared to throw tiny sparks out of the northern end.  We concentrated on this object for a while trying to figure out what it was.  Our perception led us to believe it was taking place in outer space because the physics are not possible due to earth’s gravity and atmosphere.  We knew it was not a star or a plane, we did not know what it was.  We were bewildered by what we were looking at and we started looking around the night s! ky at other stars. Then we saw something truly remarkable.  A large black object which had 3 bright lights shaped as a triangle with a red light in the middle, and it was hovering for a couple minutes directly north of us. We started to point at it, and were shocked and were not sure what we were looking at, then it started to move, and it flew directly over us. This object made little to no sound, which did not make sense considering how big the lights were, at that point we knew we were seeing something unexplainable. This object flew right over us, picking up speed until it moved behind a tree and then it was gone. The triangular object moved much faster than normal planes and helicopters. This object was almost silent and we are not sure the distance to the ground because the lights were huge and very bright. Once it passed the trees we lost track of the object. We focused our attention back to the original star like object. The star like object was still hovering and ch! anging colors while the triangular shaped object was gone. Abo! ut 1 min ute later we saw what seemed to be a helicopter that made a circle around the area we saw the triangular object. The helicopter was loud and had normal looking lights thus we believed it to be a helicopter. Also a few planes flew in that direction afterwards, again, they were loud and contained normal lighting, and the speed of the helicopter and planes were normal. The triangular object moved faster than both the helicopter and planes. The triangular object also was silent compared to the helicopter and planes that came next, (Almost like they were tracking this object) We believed the helicopters and planes were tracking this object because they flew in the same direction and made a circle around the star like object in the distance. We must have sat outside for 45 minutes at least trying to figure out what we saw. The Star like object in the distance was still hovering/and blinking which looked like it was falling. But did not actually fall, we watched the star like objec! t grow dim until it to was gone. At this point the night sky was silent again, we decided to go back inside our house, and none of us were sure what exactly we saw. The craziest thing was how big the lights were on the triangular craft like object, and the red light directly in the middle, we are still not sure what we saw. We cannot explain it.  We all agree we have never seen anything like this before.;38.80607421875;-121.2573
