Translucent arch over road, small cloud that changed colors and sparkled.;1974-06-30 22:00:00;30 minutes;Translucent arch over road, small cloud that changed colors and sparkled. This sighting happened in the summer of 1974 a few miles south of Minot ND.  I went outside to smoke a cigarette.  It was a very clear night and I walked down the driveway from the house  so I could get a full view of the night sky. When I came to the end of the driveway I noticed a white translucent arch over the dirt road  that ran in front of the house north and south.  I was puzzled by this and wondered if it was some kind of fog.  I walked  about 30 feet down the road to get a better look.  I could see that the arch went from one side of the road to the other side right down to the ditch.  I walked under it and looked up and could faintly see the stars through the arch while looking strait up into the sky.  I then would walk about three feet from under it and the stars where all bright and all the sky clear.  It reminded me of the milky way.  I moved under it then  next to it a couple more times  then excited I ran to the house to get someone else to come see this. It was about 10 pm as my parents where watching the news so I went to my brothers room who is 15 years old.  He thought I was crazy but I persuaded him to come out and look about 10 minutes later as he was in bed  watching TV and had to dress.  When we got to the area where I had seen the arch it was gone.  Down the road north about 60 Ft., we both witnessed a cloud above the road about 20 feet in diameter.  We started to follow it as it was moving away from us.  It was no longer a translucent white. It would turn red to blue, green and had like sparkling little lights shimmering in it. We both started to follow it till the road ended 200 ft. then it veered to the NW and we crossed over the barbwire fence climbing over a couple hills to follow it.  We stayed down when we came to the top of a hill as it almost seamed to be trying to lose us.  It stopped over the top of a large watering hole about 30 feet..  We could not follow it anymore but as we watched it for about one minute it was still changing colors and sparkling.  It then started to fade quickly.  We walked home amazed as we lived in the country, hunt, hike at night to a neighbors.  We never seen anything like it.  To this day we recalled this sighting and both seen this.  We had seen the same thing other than him not seeing the arch. I was not a drug user or drinker.  I am now 48 years old and still can picture this dense cloud type object that changed colors along with the arch over the road. We have never seen anything like this again, nor have met anyone else that seen anything like this before.  We figured it could have been something from the Minot Air Base.  We have seen fog over water and such.  The arch did not loose its shape fade.  I was thinking of walking down into the ditch to one side of the arch touching to the ground to see if I could walk through it or put my hand in it.  I decided that may be dangerous so ran back to get a witness. I would like to be contacted about sightings in the Fargo area.  When I googled to see if anyone else seen thease sightings your sight popped up with reports on the same date and same thing that still hangs around at times.  I would like to know how to report the observation properly or hear a explanation. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date.  PD));48.2544435754189;-101.301189944134
An amber colored, tylenol shaped something above our house in North Dakota.;2004-09-15 02:00:00;2 minutes;An amber colored, tylenol shaped something above our house in North Dakota. It was early in September, and my husband and I were over heated. He decided to take a cool bath before bed, as we did not have air conditioning, and our bedroom becomes very warm. He had just gotten out of the bathtub when I asked him if he would like to step outside before we retire for the night and feel some of the cooler night air. He agreed that it was a good idea, so, he grabbed a cigarette, and we stepped outside.  We have a paved patio of sorts right out the backdoor and that was where we were standing when this unexplainable something came shooting out of nowhere. Out of habit, we both always end up looking at the sky in the evening in hopes of seeing a falling star, which is what we were doing at this point.  Suddenly, there it was. I yelled, Money, money, money as is my custom when I see a falling star, however, I realized before I even said the third money that this was not a falling star at all. When I first saw it, it was coming down fast, like a falling star would, but it kept coming, and it was getting bigger, and it had no tail, flame, or anything I've ever seen before. And before I could even blink, it was there, maybe 3 or 4 football field lengths above our house. It was an amber color, and it was shaped like a tylenol capsule. It was huge. It was giving off this amber light, yet, it wasn't like any kind of light I have ever seen in my life. It seemed to absorb the light around us as much as it seemed to be giving off the light as well. I realize this makes little sense, however, I am at a lack of words to explain it.  It stayed there. I have no idea how long. I ran out further into the yard when it then sped toward the center of the town we live in. We have a lot of trees in our yard which blocked my view, so I ran out into the street to see where it was. We have a building here, it's the tallest I believe in our town, and this craft hovered there above it. Again, I don't know how long it did, but it seemed about a minute. Then suddenly, it shot straight back up and utterly disappeared.  I do not know what this was. We immediantly came back inside, and went to a few sites that forcast or inform about any celestial happenings in the sky such as meteor showers, auroroa borealis, etc.. and there was nothing. Nothing at all that was reported to happen that night. I just wish I understood what it was that we saw that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));48.2544435754189;-101.301189944134
Cresent shaped solid object, silent, with no lights seen over minot n.d. moveing south east 15 min. ago.;2011-09-20 21:35:00;8 sec.;cresent shaped solid object, silent, with no lights seen over minot n.d. moveing south east 15 min. ago. cresent shaped solid object seen through clearing in clouds. outside haveing a smoke, a friend and i watched this object moveing directly above us for a short time before it moved behind a cloud. it was higher than the clouds, and of a similar grey color, visible only due to the reflection of the city lights on the under surface of the object. no sound was heard (only some light street traffic) and no lights or engine exhaust were visible. solid object (not geese) moveing at good speed, faster than a jet. unable to estimate altitude, due to darkness. higher than clouds, about one inch long (held at arms distance). moveing to the south east. informed our guests and filed this report. this occured 15 min. ago.;48.2544435754189;-101.301189944134
