Satellite like star in the morning sky moves in fast 45 degree angles at impossible speeds;2011-11-19 06:05:00;15 minutes;Satellite like star in the morning sky moves in fast 45 degree angles at impossible speeds I was sitting on my stand opening morning of the Wisconsin Deer Hunting season before dawn. The date was November 19th, 2011. The place was Alma, Wisconsin in Buffalo County along the Mississippi River. I was waiting for it to become light and passed the time by looking up into the clear dark sky to watch the stars and perhaps catch a few shooting stars. I was sitting facing North, looking a bit west. I was pleased to see two shooting stars within a minute of each other and then watched as a Satellite crossed the sky from my right to left or East to West. I was looking Northwest about 11:00 high at the time.  I just had glanced at my watch which indicated 6:05am when I thought I saw another Satellite coming again from the East at the same spot as the other Satellite.  At about half way across my line of sight the object suddenly stopped. Something I never saw before.  Then the object began a pattern of what appeared to be a series of 45 degree turns.  Each time the change of direction was sharp followed by an impossibly fast acceleration and sudden stop.  The distance traveled each time was consistent. It then settled into a clockwise pattern repeating the angles and advance as before. The object became dim and then bright leading me to believe it was getting further away and the closer as it circled.  Next it did the original pattern again of different directions before once a! gain, settling into the clockwise pattern.  I was afraid to take my eyes off the object in fear that I would lose sight of it. I also was aware that it was becoming light and that has dawn was approaching I would soon not be able to witness the event anymore. The object was still visible as more and more stars faded out.  I noted that there were 4 bright stars that the object was centered in the middle of, that were the last to fade. These formed a trapezoid around the object. At shortly after 6:20 the sky became too light to see any stars including the strange object I witnessed dancing in the morning sky. Later in the afternoon when I met up with the rest of our hunting party, I told them of my encounter. They were skeptical and were even making jokes when my 20 year old nephew chimed in and said he saw the same UFO that morning but was afraid to say anything. I saw something similar when I was about 15 years old with friends, but over time decided it must have been our imaginations. I am now 51 and it was not my imagination that recent opening morning of Deer Hunting! I believe we have the ability to track most anything that comes close to earth and this would be no exception. I personally believe this may have been something our own government knows about or is testing high up in our atmosphere.;44.4301;-91.8069
