Bright star all of a sudden disappeared like it had never been there at all.;2000-03-01 17:00:00;3 min;Bright star all of a sudden disappeared like it had never been there at all. Driving home from work, exited 405 frwy & headed north down Harbor Blvd, then made a left (west) turn onto South Coast St. As I drove I noticed a very bright star which I thought nothing of, and a couple of airplanes. This is VERY close to John Wayne Airport, and anybody who lives in the area gets used to seeing planes all the time.  Nothing unusual. As I drove, I could still see the star in my perepheral vision easily, and I was startled when the start star started moving slowly. My first reaction was concern that the airplane was going in that same direction, so I looked back up and realized there is no way traffic control would allow two planes to fly so close together, heading toward eachother. At that point I had to concentrate on driving, because that road has a very sharp turn to the left--almost a 90 degree angle, which I had to make. After I turned, (going north)the only way to still see these was to take my eyes off of the road in front of me, and look left out of my window. Fortunately, I was the oonly car on the road at that time. After about the 2nd glance the bright star disappeared in front of my eyes. Unbelievable. I tried telling myself every logical explanation. I thought, well it wasnt a metallic disk, so it wasnt a spaceship. I am really curious if anyone else will or has reported this too. I still have chills. By the way,I am a college student and have a full time job, and am absolutely normal, and very sane.;33.707299009901;-117.950625742574
I don't know what it was.  More modern than anything that I can think of.;2003-07-15 22:00:00;90 seconds;I don't know what it was.  More modern than anything that I can think of. My brother and I were on a 3 day vacation from work heading southbound to visit our mother in Fountain Valley, CA.  Starting our journey from Hayward, CA.  Accompanying us in the rental minivan were two other females. My brother and the other female sat in the back.   Approximately 2 hrs. north of Fountain Valley, CA (140 miles), on Interstate 5, I noticed a small airplane - with bright, but not blinding lights wobbling closely above the power line poles. My first thought was Just my luck, an airplane is about to land on me, or on the freeway ahead -- during my vacation... this lasted for less than one minute, within the next 10 seconds the airplane was on my left side (northbound of I-5) traveling steadily with the speed of my vehicle (70-75mph), in my direction, then the word ufo came to my mind, yet still skeptical,  I called out to my brother, of whom I thought was sleeping, he replied I see it At this point my thought was: I must eliminate all other! possibilities.  I then rolled my window down to hear for any motor/engine noises, but only wind from my traveling vehicle was what I heard, then the craft at least doubled my speed, veered left, at least tripled my speed-that's when I clearly saw 3 white balls of lights in perfect linear formation, but for less than one second during its highest acceleration the middle ball of light became orangish, then white again during deceleration,then it made a fast and perfect u-turn and landed on a road of some sort.  Lights dimmed.    I had to get back to driving, so I turned my head towards front of my van again.  This all happened within 3-5 minutes.  I asked my brother, What was that? he didn't answer. I asked Was that a ufo?, he replied What else could it be?.;33.707299009901;-117.950625742574
At least 3 orange points of light varying in brightness and movement  at night lower than Mars;2012-03-14 20:00:00;30 minutes;At least 3 orange points of light varying in brightness and movement  at night lower than Mars My son is a professional engineer who has his office in my house in Fountain Valley, CA.  On Monday, March 12, 2012 he was diving east to my house for late night work on some of his project deadlines.   He told me that he saw some very bright points of light low in the eastern sky at approximately 8 PM PST.  Upon arrival we both went outside the house looked in the sky and located Mars and the planet Venus high in the Western sky but I did not see anything unusual. On Wednesday, March 14, 2012, the same thing happened but this time we both went upstairs in my bedroom that has a large window facing directly east.  This time I did observe at least 3 points of light at different and varying brightness from approximately 8PM to 8:30PM.  My observation was as follows:  (1)The objects were orange I and varied in brightness from brighter than Venus to the brightness of Mars.  There was no change in color, but the objects could suddenly vanish and reappear in a different place and could vary in brightness.  Most of the time they were about 15 – 20 degrees above the horizon (about one half of the angular height of Mars.)   (2) Since I used 5x50mm binoculars I could observe only one object at a time.  Because of trees and houses across the street there was limited areas that allowed for view much below 10 degrees above the horizon.  I will report only the movement of one bright object because the others had similar motion. (3) At times the object would stay totally still in one place for as long as 5 minutes and then would move.  I could tell that because it was either close to a given branch of a tree or the roof of the house across the street.  The movement was usually to the left or right and less often vertically (up or down).   The speed varied in reference to fixed, nearby object.  It would move (sometimes accelerated) then stop or even disappear.  At times there was only one object visible at other times at least three.  I repeat again, these were more or less points of light whose size could not be estimated and therefore the distance could be millions of miles from the earth.  If that were the case then the speed at which they moved would be extremely fast. In the early '60’s I was a navigator for USAF.  In that period we depended on celestial navigation and I was intimately familiar with all of the bright stars (by name) and position of the planets at different seasons.  Later I acquired advanced degree in physics and worked for USAF as a research scientist, engineer and on various code name space programs such as GPS.  I can truly say that this observation was most interesting and strange.  I cannot call these objects UFO’s because the objects could be well outside the earth atmosphere where we normally do not use the term fly. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he sounded to us to be quite objective and credible, in his description of the sighting.  PD));33.707299009901;-117.950625742574
Possible abduction in Fountain Valley, California, intellegent life has arrived and wants us to know!;2012-09-16 01:00:00;5 minutes;Possible abduction in Fountain Valley, California, intellegent life has arrived and wants us to know!  500 Lights On Object0: Yes On a overcast night off to the east where John Wayne airport from our back yard is I saw a red light come from out of the clouds.  I had thought I had seen little sparks of light every once in a while, but thought i was just tired.  I didn't think about it at first but as this red light was slowly proceeding towards the West, in my direction very slowly, just below the clouds, I realized the light was not flashing like a normal plane, nor was it making any sound. I saw a segment on Destination Truth where they dared to flash a light at what they thought was a UFO and it responded back.  So I was smoke a cig and thought I would try so I took 3 quick puffs then 3 slow puffs off my cig, and the light,responded. I was shocked, it was a UFO, so I called up to my son who was watching TV in his room with his window open, I said &quotShane get over here&quot SEVERAL times to no avail, when I turned & looked at the object it was over in the direction of the police department which is maybe 1.5 miles north east of us, and saw the light make a couple flashes and then some sparkles came downward, the kind you see from a sparkler when a child just holds it. I wanted to get a picture but have a disability and move very slowly so i SCREAMED &quotSHANE GET YOUR CAMERA, GO TO THE WINDOWN&quot but he didn't come so I went in the house to get my cell phone. When I came back it was gone.  It was no where. Not in the front, or other obstructed view areas. I have in the past had sightings but for some reason this one really shook me up. maybe it was caught on a traffic light or business security camera?;33.707299009901;-117.950625742574
