A gelatinous lighted object in the midwest;2003-06-15 21:30:00;10-15 seconds;A gelatinous lighted object in the midwest Several years ago, in late spring or early summer, I was sitting on my friend's deck with him and his young son (age 10).   We always liked to sit there and watch for satellites as they passed by and see how many we could find - making it a contest to see who could spot one first. As we peered upward - something caught our eyes, much lower, closer to the horizon.  We were sitting on the deck facing south when an object drifted across our field of view. It traveled from east to west, slowly, not changing speed, or direction of travel, remaining in a straight line. This was easy to determine as it moved in a direct line above the utility wires in the alley, in front of us. It was approximately  twenty degrees directly above the horizon. I could not say how far away or how large the object was. There was absolutely no sound coming from it. Normally, when one of us located a satellite - we would call out that one had been discovered one and point directly above us to show the others where it was.  Most of the satellites were moving in a south to north or north to south trajectory.  However, when we saw this object, nobody said a word.  All of us saw it at once, not like the satellites, when the others would sometimes have problems finding it. All three of us picked it up at the same time, which was strange because normally we were straining our necks to look straight up,  not directly in front of us. As the object crossed us from left to right, each of us turned our heads in unison as it passed.  Shocked, somebody said, Did you see that?,  Yeah, what was it?,  I have no idea.  Now, the hard part.  I have seen plenty of photos and video of strange objects in the sky before.  This was completely different from anything I had seen documented before. It did not have what could be considered an straight edge outline.  I know this sounds weird but,  the only thing I think of that would describe it - is either a giant Amoeba or Jellyfish.  It appeared gelatinous in form.  The object appeared transparent in color because it seemed like you could see through it. If that is not strange enough,  the object had what I can only describe as five very dim lights emitting inside of it.  These were not random lights.  Three of them were vertical, in a perfectly straight line, close together.   The other two were horizontal behind the vertical lights.  The best way I can describe it is - imagine a capital letter T laying on it's side, with the top or the cross of the T in the lead.    The lights did not move -  nor did they twinkle or change color. I have never observed anything like that before, neither have my friend and his son. Of us three, I am the only believer of other craft but, that night we all agree that we all saw something. Never knew who I could tell this to till I became a fan of George Noory and listened to Mr. Davenport on his show several times over the years since. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.1356999999999;-102.9935
