Blood-red orb being chased by multiple jets.;2008-03-06 18:00:00;hour;Blood-red orb being chased by multiple jets. Thursday, March 6th 2008,  I was sitting on my computer and I kept hearing continuous jet aircrafts flying over my small town of Altoona, Iowa, enough to make my house shake. At first i didn't take to much care into it but, it was happening about every couple minutes another jet or some kind of fighter aircraft that was very loud would fly over. This lasted for about an hour or so. Finally i got up to let my cat out on my back porch & I saw a blood-red object that was very high in the air and was not pulsating this was around 9pm. It was very bright blood red and moving in 90- degree angels very quickly much faster than any aircraft I have ever seen.  Two jets were chasing it, well were trying to keep up with it anyways. I was in awe standing on my deck with my cat. I ran inside and called a close friend who was about 5-10 miles away in a town called Pleasant hill. I explained to him what i was seeing and he didn’t really believe me. I stood on my back porch and there were about 20 to 30 different aircrafts spread out every flashing in the night sky. I thought it was very unusual for that many aircrafts to be flying around our small town because were no where near the Airport. I decided to go grab something to eat down the street & drive around and investigate shortly after, there were more and more aircrafts flying around our town and i lost sight of the red orb like object. Shortly after I came inside i got a call from my friend that i called previously. He said that he was outside with two of our friends getting ready to get in there car in Pleasant hill and saw the same blood red object and there were the same jet aircrafts chasing it. But they heard a very silent hovering sound from the red object. They got in there car and turned on the radio but none of the stations would come in on FM they were all static same with the AM, Making odd fuzzy sounds throughout the car ride to my house. They arrived at my house and we all discussed and went over what we all saw.  We all had seen the same object we concluded that the object was chased by the jet aircrafts from Altoona in the direction of Pleasant hill. We all were standing on my back porch discussing what happened while Aircrafts were still lingering all over our skies. As we were talking i realized about a month pervious on the night of February 16th i saw a similar blood-red object over Pleasant hill on my way home to Altoona coming home from a friends house. I didn’t think much of it at the time but it was the same solid-color blood red orb like object. I looked around the internet for sightings of UfOs in Altoona Iowa and found an abundance of similar UFO sightings throughout the months of February and January and march.  I was positive that the object I saw racing through the sky was not any sort of friendly air craft, seeing how it was a bright red orb of no familiarity. The jets that were chasing it were pulsating a very very bright white light in some kind of pattern so I’m not exactly sure if they were also ufo's or jets. They kept flying around in a pattern with the Red orb like object all over my town.  So it is very possible that the white strobe like lights that were following it a bit slower could have been UFO's as well or some type of military aircrafts. But there were 20-30 aircrafts circling Altoona for about 2 hours after the incident. There was also a very low altitude stealth looking silent aircraft flew over my neighborhood. Not sure the exact type of stealth aircraft it was but im positive it was a stealth aircraft by the triangular lights on the bottom of the craft and it was also V-shaped. Im positive what we all saw was a ufo on account of military crafts chasing it and military crafts lingering around for two hours in the area My backyard is also a casino resort called prairie meadows which the Red object was hovering over to begin with. I hope to find as many others who have witnessed this encounter this is no joke or hoax. Here are some very similar reports in Altoona Iowa. http://unitedstatesufo.blogspot.com/2008/03/altoona-iowa-bright-star-like-object.html 2.  http://www.ufoinfo.com/sightings/usa/080212.shtml 3.  http://www.ufoinfo.com/sightings/usa/080131.shtml 4.  http://www.myufo.com/2008/02/ufo_sighting_altoona_iowa_febr_1.html 5.  http://www.hbccufo.org/modules.php?name=News&file=article&sid=3779& mode=threa d&order=0&thold=0   Daniel J, Wilson.;41.6473;-93.4744
