Moon like object that exploded into burst of bright lights *Highway 89 just outside of Kanab utah*;2003-04-25 00:00:00;1 minute;Moon like object that exploded into burst of bright lights *Highway 89 just outside of Kanab utah* Friday April 25, 2003 12:00am Highway 89 Kanab Utah.  My daughter, husband, and myself were driving south on highway 89 this morning at about 12:am. In the sky, just at the top of the cliffs we saw a bright light that looked like the moon. The object was very low, very large, and very bright. Just as if it were the moon sitting there.  After viewing the object for only about 10 to 15 seconds, the object quickly dropped down behind the cliff, then quickly back up, then dropped down again. At this point the object appeared to explode into a big burst of pink, blue and white light with bright flashes of light traveling across the top of the cliff until it faded out.  The object was very visable, not far away. Not like a star in the sky. It was right there.... We are freaked out about this, and can't get it off our minds. If anyone else saw this, please post something.;37.0487;-112.5174
My son called excitedly from the front porch last night just after dark, while he let the dogs out. He said, Mom you have to see this!!;2015-11-12 19:00:00;3 minutes;My son called excitedly from the front porch last night just after dark, while he let the dogs out.  He said, Mom you have to see this!!!  I ran out barefooted in the cold, and saw a slow moving orange light.  We could not see any sign of the craft that the light was emanating from.  It was travelling east to west fairly slowly.   It did not blink, just glowed orange.  It moved about the same speed as a satellite, but it appeared closer than a satellite would normally be seen.  Size was similar to holding up a nickel at arms length.  It moved east to west for about 2 minutes, then curved sharply to head south.   I ran in to get the camera, and of course by the time I got back it had disappeared.  We could not hear an engine or any kind of noise that might be associated with a flying craft of some sort.  There was a little traffic noise, so it’s possible we might have missed it.  Made for an exciting evening ( almost anything would liven up Kanab in the winter!!!)   You asked for background info… I was an ((deleted--medical professional)) for years, then did a couple of ((deleted--public employment)),but then found my dream job.  For almost ((deleted--1+decade)) years,I was an ((deleted--compassion care-giver)) at a nearby ((facility)), recently retired.  My ((age deleted)) year old son, who is ((deleted)), lives with me here in southern Utah. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report requested that the information we have edited in the above paragraph be deleted.  PD));37.0487;-112.5174
