UFO hovered above my property, illuminated an area on the ground, and left at incredible speed.;2011-01-09 22:45:00;1 minute;UFO hovered above my property, illuminated an area on the ground, and left at incredible speed. My sighting occurred in a sparsely populated area approximately 12 miles southeast of Kanab, Utah, at about 9:45 p.m. on 9 January 2011.  My property had two small cabins, and at around 9:40 that evening I needed to get something from the second cabin, which was approximately 300 feet away.  The night was very dark and as I walked over to the second cabin on the dirt road that connected them I illuminated my path with a small flashlight.  I was accompanied by ten feral cats that lived on the property and walked with me whenever I went outside. When I reached the other cabin the cats waited for me by the front doorstep as I entered and searched for the item I wanted.  I was in the cabin between 2 and 3 minutes.  I then turned out the cabin lights, locked the door, and started walking around the cabin to the road, the ten cats preceding me.  I was looking at the ground where my small flashlight illuminated my path so I would not trip on anything.  As the cats went around the corner of the cabin I had just left they all suddenly halted, and perforce I had to stop too.  I glanced up and saw that the dirt road to the east of the cabin was brightly illuminated for an area about 60 feet by 25 feet.  Most of the illuminated area was empty dirt road, but it also encompassed my solar well pump and a pile of old lumber and fencing. My first thought was to worry that someone had trespassed onto the property, but I dismissed this thought almost immediately, for the property was well-fenced and the only road into it barred by two chained and locked gates.  I furthermore realized the tall sagebrush edging the illuminated road were not casting long shadows and that the illumination must be coming from above.  These thoughts took only a second or two to flash through my mind and I then looked up and saw an oval-shaped craft hovering above my property (I would estimate about 500 feet above ground).  It was very dark, but the outer edges of the craft were illuminated by soft white light, and about 2/3 of the way in there was a ring of about 8-10 unblinking red lights.  As far as I could tell given the darkness of the night the under-surface of the craft was smooth, although I had the impression the red lights were on a smaller portion of the craft that extended below the main part.  The craft made no sound whatsoev! er. I stood looking at the craft for about 45 seconds to a minute, the ten cats all standing stock-still in front of me.  Then suddenly the bright light on the road vanished, the craft rose straight up, accelerated to the north and was gone, making no sound at all.  The time that elapsed between the light on the road vanishing and the disappearance of the craft was between 2 and 3 seconds.  I have never seen anything move that fast.  The cats now walked forward and I followed them back to the main cabin.   I'm a trained scientist (biology), but I was unnerved enough by the experience that when I reached the main cabin I called a trusted friend, told her what had happened, and ended my account by saying, only half-facetiously, “If I vanish tonight you’ll know they came back for me.” ((NUFORC Note:  We have contacted a local major newspaper in Yakima, WA, in attempt to corroborate some of the claims made in the report.  PD));37.0487;-112.5174
