triangular in shape, it had red white and blue lights on the back corners and a sigle yellow light in the front.;2001-02-09 20:30:00;10 minutes;triangular in shape, it had red white and blue lights on the back corners and a sigle yellow light in the front. the night of the incident me and my friend were driving back into town from one of my other friends house. i was in the passenger seat of the vehicle. i was looking in the sky when i saw some strange lights. i told my friend to pull over so we did. we watched it for about 10 minutes. it was very large in size, you couldnt tell the altitude but it was enormous. it was a triangle shape with lights on all the corners and only on the corners. they were red, white and blue lights. the back two corners had the multiple color lights. but the front tip only has one single light which was a yellow color. you couldnt really tell that it was solid because you could not see the mass. but when it flew past the stars you couldnt see them until it passed back over them. so the mass was not transparent. it came from the direction of johnson canyon(east) and flew very slowly over to the area of the arizona strip(west). then it sped up rapidly and veared south. almost to where we couldnt see it, then it turned around and was headed in the same direction as kanab(like right at us)(north). so we took off down the road. after going about 300 yards we stoped to watch it again and it had turned back around heading south. that is what we saw. we went to tell friends after that, and watched for it most of the night but it did not return.;37.0487;-112.5174
Triangle  white object;2019-06-30 22:23:00;6 minutes;Triangle  white object Around 10:20 pm, I noticed a white triangle  shaped object, as well as a black triangle  object with white lights moving slowly in the sky to the southwest kanab city at about, 8000 ft off the ground or so soon as I thought I need a video recorder it speed up doing flying patterns  in the night sky I was able to capture several pictures of the objects then the bright white object that was flying took a disc like shape.  And I'd say a few mins after transforming it vanished into the night sky.and when I started taking  pictures it had seemed like time had stopped and when I stopped I had food in front of me on our picnic table and vaguely remembered  my son asking if that was a ufo also during the pictures  I was capturing my phone glitched out and acted like it was freezing and then went back to normal after the two objects disappeared.;37.0487;-112.5174
