Triangular shaped object spotted in Texas night sky;2003-12-16 10:50:00;4-5 min;Triangular shaped object spotted in Texas night sky If i sent this email to the wrong place Please send it to anyone who can help me out. Thank You.  Date and Time - Tue Dec. 16 2003 at 10:50 p.m to 10:55 p.m  Location - Glen Rose, Texas  (about 80 miles southwest of Dallas/Ft.Worth)  My Question - Please email me if anyone else saw the same object. I cant be the only person to have seen it My email  tardo03@hotmail.com  I was walking out to my truck to head to work. I work the night shift and its located very close to my home so that allows me to leave about 5-10 min. before 11pm to make it there on time. Just as a habit I looked up to the night sky to gaze at the stars. Off in the distance toward the west and moving east/north east I spoted what I thought was a very low flying plane. As I continued to watch the object some things began to occur to me. On the out skirts of my home town there is a TXU Nuclear Power Plant about 5 miles out. We dont often see low flying anything because of it. As the object came closer I noticed 3 very dim lights on it. On the left was a green light and on the right was a red light. In the middle, slightly higher was another red light but it was noticably smaller than the two on either side of it. I know that all planes have lights that display these colors but these lights weren't blinking that were on constantly and did not flash once. I was still thinking that this might be a plane but there was no sound and with how low it was flying anything moving or flying through the air would have some sort of engine nosie but this thing was perfectly silent and steadly moving ahead.  Not until the object passed over head did I see the true shape of it and it was a perfect triangle and looked mostly black or a dark grey. I jumped in my truck and tried to follow the flying triangle but lost sight of it behind nearby houses and trees as I made my way to the road. By the time I reached the road it was hardly visable and disappered into the night sky. I estimate the size to be about that of a private jet or small comerical carrier and the speed at about 50 mph and the height that it was flying between 120-130 feet. I don't know or assume the object had anything to do with the nuclear power plant but I think they may have some sort of radar that could have possibly detected the object. Please email me back if you or anyone else might have any info on this event or let me know if there were any other re! ported sightings in the area.  Thank You, ((name deleted));32.2277;-97.7656999999999
