Flashing UFO lights over church in Highlands Ranch, CO 1998-99;1998-08-15 01:00:00;5 minutes;Flashing UFO lights over church in Highlands Ranch, CO 1998-99 My friend and I were coming home from Daniel's Park, off roading in his jeep.  We were approaching Highlands Ranch Parkway, when he noticed a flashing light in the sky over a recently built church.  He  excitedly exclaimed, holy.... look at that!  When I looked over the church, I saw a quick flash of multiple colors of light, from red to yellow.  They came down over the church in a cone shape, with the point being above, and spreading out in a pulsing strobe light fashion, getting wider toward the bottom.  I saw it flash once more, when we noticed about 4 pairs of headlights behind us as if out of nowhere.  My friend punched the gas, as we were freaked out, and now being chased by four black Chevy Tahoes.  We pulled off the dirt road into some bushes, turned off the lights and watched one of these SUVs pass by us.  We then sped home and went to bed.  We woke early the next morning to a police officer questioning us about our whereabouts the previous night.  ! I told him we saw strange lights and were chased by some black SUVs, and asked him if they had any reports of any strange lights that night.  He simply said no and left without any further questions.  How did he know where we were?  Strange night I will never forget. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));39.55035;-104.99195
Light on my yard then took off at speed of light disappearing;2018-01-02 05:00:00;20 seconds;Light on my yard then took off at speed of light disappearing Taking my dogs out at 5am, like I do every morning, except this morning I notice the yard is lit up in a blueish white color and couldn't find source....until I looked up and a glowing white object just took off so fast it was hard to even comprehend.  It looked like a firework blasting across the sky it had a trail and then got so bright it just disappeared after.  I saw a kid on YouTube who lives in the area say he saw a similar thing, but I can't find any film of it.  It hovered long enough for me to notice my backyard being lit up and stood still for a split second when I looked up but then just blasted off and disappeared.  My dogs must have heard something I didn't because they both ran back to the door I let them out of and hit it trying to go back in after the object exploded off disappearing.;39.55035;-104.99195
