Triangle object, orange, blue and red lights, no sound, high speeds,close to ground.;2000-09-27 19:30:00;3 minutes;Triangle object, orange, blue and red lights, no sound, high speeds,close to ground. I was over at my friends house about to go night fishing. When we got to the lake we started to fish. After about 10 to 15 minutes, I started to get bored and so I went to the top of a hill to put away my gear. To the left of my eye, I saw an orange bright light circling a spotlight (the ones that shine up in the sky to attract people that goes back and forth). Whenever the object circled around the light at a slower speed it got brighter. Whenever The object circled at a faster speed it got darker. I told my friend to come up to the top of the hill with his sisters. He saw the object and said it is probably a helicopter or something like that. I asked him if he wanted to go to his house to go get his video camera just in case it was a U.F.O. Since his house was about a block away, we had to walk pretty fast in order to catch the object on tape. As we started to walk to my friends house we noticed it started to follow us at a high rate of speed because the object was about a mile away when it was circling the light. My friend, his sisters and I stopped dead in our tracks when we saw it had caught up with us. The object was hovering to the left of us about 300 feet above the ground about 500 feet away from us. Then the object turned toward us. It was a triangle shape with a orange light on the top corner, a blue light on the bottom left corner and a red light on the bottom right corner. Then the object slowly drifter toward us with no sound at all. The object stopped about 300 feet away from us then it turned around 180 degrees and shot off like a bullet leaving no vapor trail. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));39.55035;-104.99195
triangle with one spot on each corner and one big one in the middle.;2001-11-18 18:30:00;4 minutes;triangle with one spot on each corner and one big one in the middle. I was riding in my moms car on my way to boy scouts. I always lay my hed up aginst the car window and watch the sky. This night it was very cloudy and dark. Iwas looking at the clouds when i saw a black triangle in the sky. it was hard to see but i know it was there because it was darker then the clouds. It had one bright lite on each corner and one big lite in the middle. I watched this hover over the houses for a long time. Soon we made a turn so that i could not see it any more but the whole time a watched it it was just staying in the same spot. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));39.55035;-104.99195
Large, silent, slow, triangular UFO with 6 bright white lights traveling approximately 4 stories off the ground near Denver...06:30;2008-12-19 06:30:00;3-5 seconds;Large, silent, slow, triangular UFO with 6 bright white lights traveling approximately 4 stories off the ground near Denver...06:30 This morning, December 19, 2008, at 6:30 a.m., I noticed an extremely bright light through our bedroom blinds...I literally yelled, What is that?   I quickly got up, pulled the blinds apart, looked up and saw an extremely large triangular shaped, grey bottomed object with 6 very bright white lights...one at each point of the triangular shaped object and one at each mid point of each side of the triangle. It was silent, slow and quite low, approximately 4 stories off the ground, making its shape and color extremely clear. It was traveling from the southwest to the northeast.  The sighting lasted 3-5 seconds before it passed out of view. I emailed a local television station within 15 minutes of the sighting asking if anyone else had seen a possible UFO in the area and later called the Denver, Colorado FAA office as I had not received an email back from the television station. The FAA called back, asked me a number of questions, including my exact location and then asked me to forward a copy of my email to the television station. I was told they would call me back if they uncovered any information.;39.55035;-104.99195
2 UFO's spotted.  Triangle one got aggressive and shot at the white ball one until it left.;2013-04-11 21:00:00;40 minutes;2 UFO's spotted.  Triangle one got aggressive and shot at the white ball one until it left. I was watching TV show and my son played video games in his room.  I don’t know if this matters, but it’s what prompted me to see go outside so I need to tell you that I am a spiritual medium (a person who can interact with spirits from other dimensions). I heard a voice say go to the back door and not to turn on the porch light. I thought it was an odd request, but nothing surprises me in my profession.  My home backs up to a side street, but there are no street lights anywhere near so it’s very dark at night.  I stepped onto my back patio and everything seemed unusually quiet for our neighborhood.  There were no dogs barking around me or anything.  I could see the stars and moon clearly.  There were no clouds around us either. In the distance I could see what looked like a white ball thing moving around.  My son asked me what I was doing and decided to stay outside with me watching as I pointed out the white ball object moving around in the sky.  I saw something similar a few summers ago when I was sitting outside by my fire-pit late at night. My son pointed straight up and I saw something larger hovering over our house. It was dark and larger, resembled a triangle.  It had an orange light on the bottom so I thought maybe it was a helicopter or airplane.  The object moved vertically which I thought was really strange.  What caught my attention was that it did not make any noise.  It was completely silent so I knew it wasn’t a plane or helicopter.  It was fairly high above our house, but as we stood and watched it came closer and we could clearly see an orange flame on the bottom and that’s when I realized this thing was larger than I thought. There were two people walking behind my house who didn’t know we were outside. I heard one ask the other what that was in the sky.  As they passed I heard a man say “I don’t know!”   My son grabbed my camera and we tried to get a photo but I couldn’t zoom in enough to really make out anything. It was blurry so I stopped trying to photograph it. My 15 year old son said it looked like something out of Star Wars.  We watched it for 20 minutes and the white ball thing was still there moving closer when suddenly a red light like you would see from Star Wars shot out of the darker object towards the white ball thing! My son and I were really freaked out as a few more shots were fired.  I felt like we were witnessing UFO’s fighting one another.  The white ball thing zipped out of sight after that. The dark object hovered for another 20 minutes and we could not take our eyes off it after seeing that. It moved up and down very slow similar to how hot air balloons move.  Then it floated up so far it was completely out of our sight. My son kept asking me what that was. I told him it had to be a UFO.  We were both so excited and amazed by what we saw that we couldn’t go to bed.  My son must have been scared because he wouldn’t sleep in his room alone for the next few nights.  I admit that once I comprehended what we witnessed I was very unnerved by it.  I felt vulnerable like this thing was going to come get me or something.  It takes a lot to freak me out since I talk to spirits for a living. Then maybe from my fear of seeing this I had a dream that I was in an alien ship naked with some type of helmet on my head, and my arms were being restrained.  There were wires or tubes hooked all over my body.  I became aware and started yelling for them to let me go.  I couldn’t really remember much of anything else. I question to this day if that was just a dream.  I really hope so. My parents live exactly one mile from me.  I did not mention anything about the UFO to anyone.  My parents started telling me that when they were diving home a week ago on Thursday night they saw something weird in the sky.  I asked what time. It was the same time we were outside watching!  That makes three other people besides me in our family and two strangers that witnessed this thing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.55035;-104.99195
Blue/red/green triangular object above fireworks display.;2015-07-04 21:25:00;15 minutes;Blue/red/green triangular object above fireworks display. My family were invited by friends of our to watch the fireworks in Highland Ranch.  As the fireworks began, we saw a triangular shaped object with blue and red lights to the left of the fireworks that appeared to be floating and flitting back and forth, like a kite in the wind.  I showed my friends and family and others around us were also commenting on it calling it a UFO.   I assumed it was a kite with LED lights but then it moved towards the right and directly behind the fireworks but much higher than a kite would go.  The lights became more red and green when it moved to this new position.  It remained perfectly stationary for about 10-15 minutes and then it it slowly descended beyond the treeline and disappeared - apparently flying North towards Wyoming. I am a 50 yr old business executive and my friend is the VP of a large company in Denver.  Obviously there were thousands of others who saw the same thing.  I wouldn't normally think along the lines of UFOs and my friend still thinks it was a helicopter or something explainable.  However, there was no helicopter sound or typical movement and no white lights in the front and rear as would typically be seen on a helicopter.  The triangle formation and strange left to right movements in the beginning also were odd.;39.55035;-104.99195
