SW Highlands Ranch, CO 05:42 sighting of brilliant falling white light that STOPPED mid-sky & became horizontal strobe lit UFO...;2009-02-03 05:42:00;6-7 Minutes;SW Highlands Ranch, CO 05:42 sighting of brilliant falling white light that STOPPED mid-sky & became horizontal strobe lit UFO... This is my 2nd early morning sighting of some type of UFO in the last two months. Since 12/19/08, having seen and reported a very up close UFO, I’ve felt almost paranoid to be truthful. I’ve found it best not to say too much to too many people, as they are justifiably skeptical. Since, my husband and I have been constantly looking to the skies over Highlands Ranch, CO. This morning, 01/03/2009, at 05:42, I was in our bedroom with the lights off. The skies were pitch black as I could see stars, and to the north, airplane’s lights approaching DIA. Looking out the window, in a southwestern direction, toward the mountains, quite a ways out in the distance, I saw an extremely bright light falling straight down. At first I thought it may have been a comet (however, the light was brilliant and there was NO trail) and then it stopped...just stopped...and the brilliant white light suddenly disappeared and a horizontal strobe of varying colored lights came on the object. Still not certain of what I was seeing (I thought it may have been an airplane that had a close call and perhaps the lights were on wing tips as I was admittedly trying to talk myself out of what I was seeing) when suddenly a very long, diffused looking white light shot straight down from the object for about 2-3 seconds (the light was about 1/3 the distance between the object and the horizon from my viewpoint) and then that light went away. (If it had been daylight, I’d say it looked like a long, large jet-trail--going straight DOWN!)  As I noted the object had been in one location for a while now, I quickly went to the living room and opened the blinds and was relieved to STILL be able to see it. The view from the bedroom had been better, so I went back and as I was watching it, 2 very long, diffused looking white lights shot out horizontally (one to the left, one to the right of the object) again lasting about 2 seconds. There had been no movement of the object now for a number of minutes. About 2 minutes later, the 2 horizontal lights came on for about 2 seconds again! Then, all of the lights just disappeared.;39.55035;-104.99195
Floating high-altitude searchlight southeast of Denver, 5/16/2013;2013-05-16 16:35:00;5-10 minutes;Floating high-altitude searchlight southeast of Denver, 5/16/2013 This afternoon was mostly clear in the south Denver area, and completely clear in the direction I was viewing.  I grabbed my 12x binoculars to look at the moon and immediately upon taking my binoculars away from my eyes an incredibly bright white light was generally pointed directly at me, and sometimes varying direction randomly as a manually operated spotlight does..  This light was between 50,000 and 100,000 feet in altitude, just below and to the right of the moon from my perspective, and varying in intensity while still being directed at my precise position.  I was looking generally ESE.  Over the course of 5-10 minutes, I followed the object as it descended from approximately 60 degrees above the horizon to approximately 20 degrees.  During this descent, it paused a few times in a stationary position in relation to the power lines behind my house.  It did not create any contrails nor did it have a debris trail.  It was clearly above contrails from actu! al jets passing through the area at the time.  When the light wasn't pointed directly at me, I could see some type of round shape.  My wife also witnesses this object and said she saw two extruding portions of the shape.  I would estimate that this object was 10-25 miles away from me, based on the amount of haze between me and the object.  Passing jets were far less hazy through my binoculars.  I work as a professional technician with lighting and video.  I would estimate the color temperature of the light as 5600K (It did not match the color temperature of the sunlight reflecting off aircraft in the area).  It was about as bright as a Super Trooper concert spotlight from 500 feet away on its tightest focus.  Anyone who has sat on the floor of a stadium concert and been in the beam of a follow spot should understand this analogy.  I saw no standard aircraft navigation lights.  I have watched satellites fly overhead many times in my lifetime, and I have never seen one during daylight.  I have never seen a satellite linger in the same area of the sky, pause its movement, and vary its direction of movement.  I have also never seen a satellite or high altitude aircraft move so slowly.  At one point while the beam was directed at me I felt a warming sensation in my abdomen.  The encounter ended with the light turning off suddenly and the object fading from view in about 250 milliseconds.;39.55035;-104.99195
Extreme radio interference and no cell phone service available.;2014-08-11 00:30:00;30-40 minutes;Extreme radio interference and no cell phone service available I wasn't sure how to report what happened to me and my son.  We keep seeing UFO's in our area at night.  They usually appear as a bright star that moves different directions.  We reported a few years ago a huge craft over our house on this website.   Last night my son and I were freaked out and stayed up half the night afraid something would happen.  As we were going to bed, I noticed my radio in the bedroom had some serious interference.  I started to feel sick and dizzy and had an over all feeling of being watched, but was going to bed.  I laid in bed feeling really uneasy.   A few minutes later my 17 year old son came running up the stairs into my room, saying he felt like he was being watched and had a feeling like something was about to happen and his chest hurt.  He said his cell phone has no service which was odd because we never have that issue where we live.  I checked my phone and it was not working at all.  We didn't turn any lights on in our home and crept outside to see if a UFO was somewhere in site.  We didn't see anything, but both of us were too scared to really get out in the open to check.   Like I said before, we see UFO's all the time out here.  I don't even report how many we see. My son and I huddled in my bedroom with the doors locked all night.  The radio interference, cell phone problems and uneasy feelings stopped after 1am.  My son and I were so scared that we stayed awake most of the night.  That has never happened to us before when we have seen the UFO's, they usually keep their distance in the sky and when we say we see you they will flash colors as if to say we are here.   We didn't see anything last night, but we know something was out there to cause what we went through.  I have a friend who works for MUFON, so I may reach out to her too.;39.55035;-104.99195
