As I was taking the dogs out before bedtime, I was looking up as I always have as I like to watch for the planets while waiting for the;2014-06-30 01:00:00;2 minutes;As I was taking the dogs out before bedtime, I was looking up as I always have as I like to watch for the planets while waiting for the dogs. After a few minutes, I saw what I assumed would be an aircraft (Piqua is 35 miles north of Wright Patterson air force base) coming from the north. Then I noticed it's speed and thought it must be a meteor or comet - until it stopped directly overhead. The object was rectangular but not long. As I watched, a blue object emerged from the bottom of object and shot off to the north at the same speed as the mother came in. then,immediately after, an orange object emerged and sped off to the South.;40.1522999999998;-84.2501999999995
An opening (hole, portal) in the fabric of space.  ((NUFORC Note:  See excellent illustration by witness on NUFORC homepage.  PD));2019-07-15 20:25:00;<1 second;An opening (hole, portal) in the fabric of space. During the early evening of July 15, 2019, as dusk approached I witnessed in my backyard what I can only describe as a “hole” in the fabric of space. It was a quick event, but long enough for me to observe and mentally register the event. When I saw it, I was unnerved to the point I left the area rather quickly, but the next morning I took a photograph from the observational vantage point and doctored it in PowerPoint to capture what I saw. The Event: I had my head down, dragging a pressurized water hose out to the garden.  As I ame around the corner of the house, I looked up and observed what is shown in the image. It was about 15 to 18 ft away from me and appeared as a black hole in space, infinitely deep.  It hung there for a moment, then suddenly zipped to the right at a high rate of speed, disappearing behind the building shown in the photo.  I stood there stuned for a moment, and then quickly moved forward to look around the corner of the building.  There was nothing unusual to be seen. Description: As it moved to the right, there was a bit of optical distortion along the left edge.  That is, as it moved the edge itself remained sharp, but the view of the world adjacent to the edge was somewhat wavy, like looking through optical refraction you might see from hot air coming off a sun-baked road. It did not change size or shape as it moved and disappeared from my field of view behind the building.  There was no sound or air movement as it moved away. It was not flat in space, rather the equivalent of a twisted trapezoid sheet opening.  All of the edges were sharp and well-defined. As shown, there were a few sparkles of light in the lower right hand corner, similar to stars but bluer in color.  There were a few pinpoints of light that were brighter than those shown, but the overall size and intensity is basically correct. The image I put together is not perfect, however it is a very close, solid representation of what I saw.  Nothing however can capture the infinite depth or blackness observed through the opening. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the source of this report, and he seemed to us to be quite serious-minded.  We suspect that he is a superlative, and quite reliable, witness.  PD));40.1522999999998;-84.2501999999995
