one large light moved slowly across the sky at a very high altitude. four smaller lights seemed to come from within the large light as ;1985-08-10 22:00:00;2to3 hours;one large light moved slowly across the sky at a very high altitude. four smaller lights seemed to come from within the large light as it came to a stop. these four smaller lights made looping motions around the larger light. each made simaler movements in differant directions to cover a wide area around the larger light. after a couple of hours it was taking about 15 minutes for the smaller lights to make there loop it had gotten so large. we were all turning and watching differant ones as they traveled outward.I would guess they were traveling 10 to 15 miles out from the center. finally the four small lights came back in position around the large light in the center and one at a time they went back to the larger light. after a few minutes the larger light went straight up into the sky until it was out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.1009;-88.8695
Reddish orange light that got brighter and dimmed out, twice, the second time getting brighter and dimming out even quicker.;2017-02-08 21:30:00;10 seconds;Reddish orange light that got brighter and dimmed out, twice, the second time getting brighter and dimming out even quicker. I was driving from Kirkland to Belvidere, facing east when I saw an orange/red light glowing brighter and brighter for about 3 seconds, then dimmed out over the course of half a second. Then it happened immediately after, getting even brighter the second time, and fading out even quicker.  I changed direction and headed north for two or three miles, and I saw  two cars pulled over together, and another car pulled over about half a mile away from the other two.  I pulled over a half mile later, got out of my car and saw what appeared to be a shooting star, but it was closer than usual, with white and greenish colors.  It was heading north as well, and was in my line of sight for a second before disappearing towards Wisconsin.;42.1009;-88.8695
