Classic case of Missing Time in Bordentown New Jersey in 1976;1976-09-19 22:00:00;1hour;Classic case of Missing Time in Bordentown New Jersey in 1976 Hi Peter,  Hope all is well with you and your Family.  I want to file this report with you even though it happen years ago.  Peter has anyone else reported to you this type of UFO that I'm going to mention below?, My name is ((name deleted)) and I live in Bordentown NJ !  Back in the late 70's, around mid September me and two friends ((male name deleted)) and ((female name deleted)) were sitting outside on his back porch (screened in) one Sunday evening.  Well we were  watching     All In The Family   on TV  when ((male)) said, Hey ((female)), I'm out of Beer, can you go and get me some !  ((female)) said sure but you have to come with me ! ((male)) didn't want to go so he asked me to take the ride with ((female)) to the Local Bar ! I said sure, no problem ! Peter, just for the record The only thing ((female)) and I was drinking was  Tea ! Well it was getting dark out and ((female)) and I took off for the Bar.  We turned right onto Groveville Rd., it's a nice long road, not a well lite road that takes you to Rt. 130 in Bordentown that leads you to the local bar.  half way down Groveville Rd. I noticed just little above the tree tops a very large, slow moving Object, moving across the road from left to right.  On the bottom of this object  appear to have lights on it, but real strange lights, like it was writing out a message, but it was nothing we understood ! I'm telling you Peter this Craft was moving maybe 5 miles an hour if that, and made no sound at all !  I said to Kathy, that's a UFO, she replied no way !  As it pass over to the otherside of the road, just above the tree tops, it started to move back the way it came !  It never stop, it made no turns, it just started heading back the way it came, like someone threw it in reverse without ever stopping!  nice and easy, and like I said before, No Noise ! ((female)) was so scare she screemed out loud  Oh No Let Get the Heck Out Of Here  We just took off and hit the bar to pick-up ((male's)) six pack !  Now if memory serves me it was about 8:00pm when we left  ((male's)) place for the bar. It only takes 5 mins. to get to the bar !  ((female)) stayed in the Car I went inside to get the beer, From the time ((female)) said Let get out of here and arriving to the bar is no more than two mins. As I got out of the Car I looked towards the woods where this thing was going ( you can see real far from the parking lot) but didn't see a thing ! As slow it was moving I should have seen something !  Well we made it back to ((male's)) place, Boy was he HOT!!  He was very angry at us for taking so long, plus ((female)) is ((male's)) girl ! We told him that we just went to the Bar and back, to us the whole ordeal took no more than 15 mins. if that ! We also told him about the UFO we saw but, he didn't want to hear it, he swears we were gone about an hour or longer !  He took his beer and started to drink it, ((female)) and I had Tea. As we were making our tea we talked about what happen and noticed that it was around 9:45 pm .. I told ((female)) it was getting late so I'll have a quick cup and head home !!  It wasn't until years later that I made a connection with what happen to us when  I read  Missing Time  ! All the Best to you !  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.1443;-74.7003
