On Tuesday night at my job at the Barona indian reservation in Lakeside, Ca. another officer and I saw three white strobe-like craft ra;1999-01-06 21:30:00;3:00 min.;On Tuesday night at my job at the Barona indian reservation in Lakeside, Ca. another officer and I saw three white strobe-like craft racing across the sky in a zig-zag pattern all were going faster than conventional known aircraft speeds. One went north, the second one went northwest, and the third headed west, during and after we saw military jets flying in the same airspace, one headed south and the other headed west. Earlier in the evening, and all evening there had been a noticeable increase in aircraft activity. While working as an outside security guard at the Barona indian reseervation on the night of the sixth of January I noticed earlier in the evening at around 6:30 p.m. shortly after I began my shift that there was increased aircraft activity in the airspace over that region of Southern California. There were military jets, heliocopters, and commuter planes. Later in the evening at 9:30 another guard that I was standing with saw the first white flashing strobe-like craft appear overhead traversing at a tremendous speed zig-zaging across the night sky thats when he told me of it and I looked up startled at a white flashing craft zigzaging across the sky making pin-point moves seemingly defying the laws of movement, then at about 20 seconds into that another craft appeared but not overhead it was moving around up and down strait ahead north of us, then as suddenly as that had appeared a thrid one appeared just a little west of the second one. They all danced around the sky in strobelike fashion for around another minute, during which a military jet, with red and green lights on the wing tips, going at a fairly normal speed, which helped to compare speeds of the crafts, crossed the sky heading south. Then as suddenly as they had appeared the third one headed west, the second one headed northwest and the first one was still visible heading north and went out of range at around 9:34 p.m. Just as the first one was getting out of range we  saw another military jet heading south and then veering west. That was the first time I have ever witnessed such a craft going through space at such tremendous speeds, I would guess they must have been going in the thousands of miles per hour based on the time it took them to go from directly overhead to a point north of us in only around ten seconds time. This was much faster then conventional aircraft I have seen cross the same distance in time.;32.8571;-116.9191
