I CALL THIS BIG RED'   APROX 100 ft .accross---NO sound--HOVERED barely above tree tops.;1996-03-06 18:05:00;20 min.;I CALL THIS BIG RED'   APROX 100 ft .accross---NO sound--HOVERED barely above tree tops. I had just got home from work. Very HOT DAY  in SanDiego.My cottage was very hot when i went inside. I opened the doors& windows, turnedon couple of fans,then went outside to wait until the place cooled off. I was standing inthe yard, (HIGH ON A HILLSIDE OVER-LOOKING THE VALLEY ) I first noticed a RED light way -off in the distance , Looking toward MEXICO. I kept looking at the BRITE LIGHT ,wondering if this was one of the HUGHIES the millatery had warned were to pass over our valley, soon.(This was on the NEWS) As the light came closer, only a few miles away now, 'IT' seemed to be HUGE, VERY BRITE, and NO SOUND  at all.?? I kept watching, it kept coming. I had watched it for about FIFTEEN minutes, now.WHEN it came into the VALLEY, IT seemed to be FLOATING  COULDNT SEE ANY SHAPE IT WAS SO TERRIBLEY BRITE    . I watched in amazement. HUGE-NO SOUND-SO BRIGHT that it HURT my eyes to look at it. IT was still barely  light outside. The SUN wasin the process of going down.  I was so CONFUSED at WHAT THIS COULD POSSIBLEY BE .  IT was just barely over the tree tops , & telephone Poles now. It went directly over the SIX LANE HIWY. below my place. Went on over the HILL to my left, that is where the BARONA INDIAN RESERVATION is.THE NEXT DAY , I MEASURED THE HWY >WHERE IT WENT OVER. THE AREA WAS APROX. 100 ft .wide.  I HAD NO PHONE,  I had no film in my camera, my car had been borrowed, neighbors all gone out. WHAT TO DO ?   I did nothing. I felt like I shouldnt say anything , at work the next day. I have been rediculed before. ((NUFORC Note:  One of several reports from the same source in Washington State.  We are grateful for her having taken the time to record here her unusual experiences.  PD));32.8571;-116.9191
unusal lights appearing in San Diego east county northwest sky;2009-10-17 19:15:00;15-30 minutes;unusal lights appearing in San Diego east county northwest sky I noticed last night (10/16/2009) for the first time, and again tonight (10/17/09) the same unusual light in the sky from San Diego’s east county appearing in the north/ northwest sky that seemingly is a star, but upon closer observation with the naked eye I could tell this light had red and blue alternating lights near the top of it. I went and got my rather small but good binoculars to reexamine the light. The red and blue lights were more pronounced and you could see how the red and blue lights seemed to move through one another unlike lights that would go on an off next to each other. The activity varies from minimal to very active some times going completely white for a split second then back to the colors. It stays in the sky at the same spot like a star from about 7:15 PM until about 7:50 where it follows the curve of the earth and disappears with the horizon (at least it did last night). As I am writing this at 7:34 PM, I walked back outside to see it again and it is now gone. I started writing the report five minutes ago and it was too high in the sky to go below the horizon that quick. Damn I knew I should have continued to watch it instead of writing this report. For those who are interested watch tomorrow night and see if it comes back. Let me know and respond on this website. (The light is not very high in the sky) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.8571;-116.9191
Red Light;2012-02-04 19:00:00;45 min;There was a red light in the sky.  It was way to high for someone to have shot a flare off.  It blinked a few times before it disappeared.   I have seen a few times before, unsure of what it was though.   It seemed to stay there, did not move at all just blinked.;32.8571;-116.9191
UFO travelled much faster covering greater distance across sky than conventional crafts in area.;2012-07-23 22:41:00;33 seconds;UFO travelled much faster covering greater distance across sky than conventional crafts in area. While on security guard patrol inside fenced-in locked industrial compound,sitting in private vehicle facing South, noticed aerial light to my left moving from East to West.  Exited vehicle and saw object travelling higher than conventional crafts in area, and moving faster. Noticed object covered distance much faster across sky than the civilian and military craft seen nightly in area.  Light came almost to where I was parked, then suddenly made hairpin U-turn back into the direction from which it came. Noticed object maintain same speed during turn and not any slow, laborious wider turns I've seen displayed by military fighter jets at various times and areas in recent and distant past. I served four tours on aircraft carrier and witnessed numerous flight-ops both on land and at sea during normal operations and air shows, but never saw any conventional craft move along in this fashion and as easily and as fast as the lighted object last night. Also became aware that object displayed no blinking lights always displayed by other conventional craft. Sometimes cannot see blinking lights on our crafts until looking very attentively. I watched this thing carefully but saw none. Compared conventional crafts high in the sky with the object,and they moved quite slow in comparison. I realize UFOs can change directions without turning, perhaps like a zigzag fashion, however, the one I saw appeared to make sharp, quick turn like a U-turn. The sky was clear and starry. The weather a bit cool. Last lighted UFO I saw was on warm Labor Day in 1995 at about twilight travelling North to South over Santee, CA just south of Lakeside. Santee object seemed to have blinked out as compared to object seen last night which simply sped away.  Personal background: U.S. Navy from 1971-1991. Into UFOs since age 16 in 1997 while attending high school. Graduated 1968.;32.8571;-116.9191
Unusual colored turquoise object keeping pace with Navy or Marine Corps helicopter;2012-08-02 23:00:00;18 seconds;Unusual colored turquoise object keeping pace with Navy or Marine Corps helicopter At approximately 23:00, during a security guard shift, just outside front gate to construction compound, The off-going security officer called my attention to the military craft (helicopter) traveling in a fast mode from east to ship west.  The craft was either Navy from NAS North Island or Marine from MCAS Miramar.  Craft had the usual blinking red and white lights with the normal loud sound identifying it as helicopter.  Aircraft from both air stations fly east out to desert and return on a daily and nightly bases. When I looked up I clearly saw helicopter being paced just to its left side by a bright turquoise colored light.  The object was silent and appeared to easily keep pace with the military craft.  The UFO seemed to fly smoother, faster and at some point tended to overtake the conventional craft as we watched both fly into the night towards a mountain range.  The sighting was relatively close and not as high as some of the aircraft often seen operating in the area. This sighting reminded me of Russian Bear bomber fly- bys observing the aircraft carrier USS ENTERPRISE during operations in the Indian Ocean back in the mid eighties.  At that time I was part of a NAS North Island Helicopter squadron attached to the ship during a Western Pacific cruise.  Whenever Russian aircraft fly by the ship, we send up jet aircraft to closely escort them away.  I personally never seen any UFO(s) during any WESPAC cruises I ever been on.   Also Wednesday’s UFO sighting marked the only time I ever seen any aerial object of any unusual or turquoise color.  Both crafts were not as high up as the ones I witnessed in 1995 and the sighting a couple weeks ago in Lakeside.  After this sighting I asked the off-going guard and others have they ever seen aircraft with turquoise colored lights, and the answer was always, No, never, or words to that effect. Finally, the only other UFO sighting I’ve ever been present, occurred back in 1971 during operations in the Gulf of Tonkin.  It was a no-fly day and a friend from North Dakota and I was at the bow on the flight deck.  It was a clear night and very quiet up there.  We were lying on the deck looking up at the stars when he mentioned that he noticed two white lights, flying very high and fast.  He said both lights flew parallel to one another before suddenly speeding away in opposite directions, lightning fast.  I looked for the objects but apparently they had vanished before I could see them.    We never discussed UFOs with each other prior to that night.;32.8571;-116.9191
I am an advertising company owner and my son and his girlfriend are in the hospitality business. We were outside and noticed movement i;2012-11-15 07:45:00;still happening;I am an advertising company owner and my son and his girlfriend are in the hospitality business. We were outside and noticed movement in the sky, at least 15 orbs of light were going in and out of the clouds playing.  It's an amazing sight!  We thought at first they may be a spot light of some sort but the orbs did not make routine movements they flitted here and there in all different directions and moving around each other.  Unfortunately our video camera was not with us, I would love to share this with everyone.;32.8571;-116.9191
