Massive, silent, triangular craft that flew slowly overhead (NO LIGHTS).;2002-04-19 22:00:00;1 minute;Massive, silent, traiangular craft that flew slowly overhead (NO LIGHTS). On or about the 19th day of April, 2002 I was patrolling the South parking lot of Barona Casino when I looked to the West, over a nearby hill.  At the top of my peripheral vision, I saw movement.  When I looked up, I noticed some of the stars in the night sky were winking out of existence, as if blocked by something overhead.  My view was initially obscured by a parking lot lamp, so I jogged down the isle a little way, to get a better view. What I observed was a massive, triangular shaped object floating silently over the mountain, moving slowly towards the Northwest.  The object had no visible lights and I could only (initially) discern its shape by the stars that it blocked, which came back into existence as the object passed by.  There were a couple of quiet vehicles traveling in the area, but I could clearly discern absolutely no sound coming from the sky.  There was a slight breeze (can't remember the direction), but nothing strong or abnormal. As my eyes adjusted to the light, I began to see a dim reflection of the light from the parking lot, indicating the object was approximately 300 to 500 feet above (just high enough to clear the nearby hill it was floating over).  I thought I could see some features of the object, but the reflected light was far too dim to be certain of any detail. Using the estimated height, the casino and the hill as guides, I estimated the visible surface area to be approximately 36,450 square feet (about 100 yards to a side).  Bigger than any aircraft I had ever seen, except in science fiction.  Gauging by the disappearance and re-appearance of the stars, I figured it was traveling at approximately 50-75 miles per hour, much too slow to be lift-driven, like tradiitonal aircraft. As I watched, the object changed direction, moving to the West and flew slowly over the hill and out of sight, revealing all of the stars it had previously blocked. After the object left my sight, a guest (Caucasian, mid-forties, clean-shaven with light-brown hair) drove up to me in his sedan and exclaimed, &quotWhat the hell was that?!&quot I replied, &quotI don't know what you mean, sir,&quot because I did not know if he was talking about the same object I saw, and I did not want one of ours guests to think I was a nut-job. The man then said, &quotThat thing in the sky!   What the hell was it? !&quot I replied, &quotI don't know, sir.  I've never seen anything like it.&quot  The man then said, &quotDid you hear it make any sound?  I didn't hear anything.&quot I told the man I did not hear any sound either.  He then drove away. I spoke with several co-workers, but none of them saw the object, neither did they hear anything overhead. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));32.8571;-116.9191
I witnessed a black triangle craft that appeared over Rattle Snake Mtn. at my workplace in Santee, Ca., probably in 2001 or 2002.;2002-06-30 05:30:00;1 minute;I witnessed a black triangular craft that appeared over Rattle Snake Mountain at my workplace in Santee, Ca., probably in 2001 or 2002. It was not silent as others have reported, it had an engine sound, much like a vacuum cleaner off in the distance or down the street. The craft was at approximately 1,000 feet, flew east to west at the speed of a blimp, directly toward MCAS Miramar, which is west of Santee. Initially I could see the bottom of the craft and there were three white lights (like flood lights), one at each corner, pointing down. As it passed by, there appeared four lights, two red and two white.  A white light on the left and right corner at the rear of the craft. The two red lights were positioned centered on the rear, same as license plate lights on an automobile. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in 2001 or 2002 is approximate.  PD));32.8571;-116.9191
