There were three lights on the object .There was no sound from the craft.It was treetop high in its flight.;1972-08-18 01:30:00;3 minutes;There were three lights on the object. There was no sound from the craft.It was treetop high in its flight. the object tree top high.  It was triangular shaped, with three amber colored circular lights.  One light had each point of the triangle.  I noticed the object off to my right as I was driving east on Route 7, between route 543 and route 40.  The object was hovering, and there was no sound.  The color of the object was black.  The lights did not illuminate the object or the ground below.  I saw the object several times.   When I got to route 40 and looked back to see the object off to my right as I turned west on route 40 there was nothing to see, the object was gone.  Thinking back it was similar in appearance to a stealth bomber. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));39.5125;-76.1806
i worked nights for rite aid distribution center as a yard jockey moving trailers around the yard  to be loaded for the following day.;2002-03-10 03:00:00;15 to 20 min;i worked nights for rite aid distribution center as a yard jockey moving trailers around the yard  to be loaded for the following day. as i said it was around 3:00 am when i first noticed the light, it was a very bright spot light about 75 to 80 yards away from my position, the light seemed to come from nowhere i could clearly see the point at which the light started but not what it was coming from. i watched this for about 5 min as the light shined down on the train tracks which ran through the field next to me. as i watched i had turned off my truck as to try to hear something and i could not, as i looked up i noted how dark the sky seemed to be you could see nothing but this light. finally the light started to move away from me and seemed to be following the train tracks and after a few minutes i looked up and realized the reason i couldn't see anything was due to the fact that it was above me which meant its size was immense. i watched it for probably another 5 min until i finally lost sight of it. as this sunk in over the next day or two it really scared the hell out of me. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.5125;-76.1806
