Luminous, green, round sphere of light moved across sky fron S to WSW;1998-10-05 23:29:00;3-4 seconds;Luminous, green, round sphere of light moved across sky from S to WSW Object appeared to the South at 30 Degrees above the horizon, moved in a slightly downward curved line across SW quadrant and abruptly disappeared beyond the 3,500 ft MSL Oat Mt., 4 miles to the West just slightly above the visable mountain skyline.  The object moved at constant speed and looked like a round glowing sphere, green in color with no distinguishing marks. The color was light green and looked similar to the bio-luminescent green light sticks the kids use on Halloween.  The diameter appeared abount ten times Jupiter and brigter than the Moon. The Moon was full, due South, close to Zenith with Jupiter just to the West, sky was very clear. Just before disappearing (.5 sec) a second smaller sphere appeared just in front of the larger sphere. It traveled at the same speed, with the same glowing green light at about one fifth the size.  The objects moved much faster than any jet or prop plane, but slower than meteors. There was a slight hint of a tail but I'm not sure if that was just my eye's retina persistance. I have worked as an engineer in the aerospace industry for 25 years. I have extensive knowledge and experiance in Astronomy, Optics, Electronics and Astro-Physics having designed Earth, Moon, and Sun sensors, star trackers and Star Magnitude Photon Detectors for use on communication and spy satellites.  I regularly observe and am familiar with the local flight patterns around Burbank airport to the SE and Van Nuys to the S.  There were at least 3 planes to the S and W. I have 20/10 vision and no color blindness. I have seen a few large meteors (comparable to the above object) that appeared to have some visable diameter but they usually have a tail with visable fragments that persist for up to several seconds.  I have never seen a green one.  Maybe burning copper?  I was the only witness and was observing from my house at N34 23.400'  W118 29.350'  1200 ft AMSL;34.3768;-118.5208
