Silver streak. Imagine taking a pencil and drawing just a basic line in the sky. it was about an inch long from my perception of vision;2012-09-20 20:35:00;180 seconds;Silver streak. Imagine taking a pencil and drawing just a basic line in the sky. it was about an inch long from my perception of vision At 8:30pm or 8:45pm, in Belington - West Virgina, my mother and I were driving to town and saw a silver streak in the sky. It was moderatly close to the surface of the planet.  Both my mother and I witnessed this object and at first, we thought it was sunlight reflecting off of an airplane because the sun had just sat behind the mounitans, and the steak was located in the west where the sun had just set. We quicly ruled that out because after closer observation, we realized it was steady with absoluately no movement in the sky.  As always, all it took was a split second to look away from it and it was gone.  It's like it knew we we're looking at it and was waiting for us to look away for it to disappear so it didn't vanish in front of our eyes and seem even more fishy.  This happens everytime I see something that I think could be a UFO. The actual streak:  The object we saw was simply as I said: A silver streak. It looked like a white line in the sky (like a hole in the sky but instead of a sphear, it was a streak, a line). There were no lights, flashing or steady that we could see because it was still daylight. Conclusin of report: I consider myself quite educated in these things because it facinates me. I watch the programs on the History Channel all day like &quotThe Universe - How the Earth was made - Ancient Aliens&quot. I have ruled out these possbile explanations after some research and thinking. I am also not a paranoid person. I don't think everything unusual I see is a UFO. -It was not a star because it was much larger than any star that is located lightyearsaway from our planet. There were also no other stars visable in the sky at the time we saw this &quotsilver streak&quot  -It was not a space-craft of any human airline or human military organization that the public is aware of because it was motionless and if it were a jet, it would have left a streak of propulsion and fuel in the sky behind its tale as all jets do. It did not leave such tail of propulsion. Also, there was a jet in the southern part of the sky we saw that was obviously a jet because It had a streak of propulsion. So we even had the chance to compare a normal jet to the object we saw and they were absolutely nothing alike. -It was not a satellite in earths orbit.  The naked human eye can simply not view the satellties we have in orbit with as much sunlight left in the sky as there was when we witnesses this object.;39.021;-79.9495
