Saucer shaped object spotted day after another sighting of a different unidentified flying object.;2004-07-17 13:00:00;10 min.;Saucer shaped object spotted day after another sighting of a different unidentified flying object. Was at work at a LPG Refinery and was walking across the plant when I noticed a disc Saucer shaped object hovering off in the distance to the west northwest approximately 3/4 to a mile away. Disc was only about 3000 ft in the air or less.  Disc glowed or reflected miday sun but with a noticably dark shadow at the bottom of the object.  I move torwards an area that I could get a good look at this object and try and make out more detail of it.  I noticed that after a few minutes that the object started moving torwards in a north west direction directly away from my veiwing postition.  It never changed direction although it did change reflectivety but shadow of the underneath didn't.  Something that is a bit strange about this shighting is that I also was witness to another sighting the day before of a completely different object but with four other wittnesses. Made report of object also.  As object move in northwest direction it eventually vanished.  Had a strange feeling that it was observing the refinery.;35.4936;-119.2813
Round balls maybe guards.  Large silver disc. landing in the oilfield.;2017-01-01 12:00:00;5 minutes;Round balls maybe guards.  Large silver disc. landing in the oilfield. ok we were going down a free way to are land we own.  Just as we were getting ready to turn I saw a ball in the sky just sitting their not moving but low enough to se some detail. it was tan kind of like skin with dents in it kind of like a ball with half of the air gone.  I ask my husband what is that he said maybe a weather balloon said its to small and its completely still.   Well we turned the corner and as we are coming up to are land I notice another ball by are water tanks at the rear of are land.  I jump out of the truck and run up top of the hill behind the tanks.  The ball  was really low about to stores it look like the one I had seen by the hwy it looked like it was organic like human skin. so my husband walks up beside me and says I don't no what it is but its landing I look straight ahead and there it was a sliver disc it must have been really hot the air around it was rippleing.  it was huge and landing so I look back up to the ball and its gone I look ahead and the saucer is gone.  What is even stranger is that I watch alien shows all the time what I never see is a ufo with guards or what ever the balls were. I feels good to finally tell someone.;35.4936;-119.2813
