Object moved like no plane I've ever seen.;2013-04-18 23:39:00;5 minutes;Object moved like no plane I've ever seen. Three buddies and I were riding on a UTV at 11 at night. I stopped and shut off the engine in the middle of a field to take in the night. I saw what looked like a satellite to the West and it was heading North. It traveled a small distance like a meteor, but slower, like a satellite. It disappeared like an Iridium Flare, but reappeared at a different elevation relative to the horizon. It traveled again like it had before, then disappeared again. The third, fourth, and fifth times it appeared it was going in different directions. First West, then Northeast, then down toward the horizon. I've never fully believed in ETs until that night. A few minutes after it quit, there were three aircraft with normal aircraft flashing lights headed east that were in a triangle shape, but with huge gaps in between them. These appeared to come from nowhere. Then the next night, 24 hours later at approximately 12:12 AM, I was driving home headed west when a bright light appeared from above for about a second and a half, not moving, then disappeared.  Both of these occurrences triggered a driveway chime in our house, that uses infrared to notify people coming through our driveway. My girlfriend was in the house at both times and said that was the exact time it went off. It would go off approximately at 11:39, 12:12, 12:39, and 1:08 sporadically. That week was the most active that it went off, and it slowly stopped ringing and now the driveway chime hasn't gone off for 2 weeks in the middle of the night.  The only other logical explanation I've been able to come up with is a high maneuverability aircraft that the government could be testing, and the lights we saw were the afterburners on the aircraft. However, I've never heard of an aircraft that can turn almost on a dime going what appeared to be several hundred miles per hour (300-400+), though it was difficult to tell at what distance it was.;42.6884;-90.7002
