Saw what I thought were 2 military planes flying in formation--both had anber/yellow light. Ones light was solid and others was flashin;1999-02-02 17:20:00;7-10 minutes;Saw what I thought were 2 military planes flying in formation--both had anber/yellow light. Ones light was solid and others was flashing. I was driving around the parking lot of The community college here when I saw 2 lights in the distance to the NW.  Being in close proximity to a military installation (Ft.Huachuca) that seems to be constantly practicing night aerial maneuvers, I thought this was merely two planes or helicopters flying in formation, one a little bit in front of the other.  However, as I continued to watch, the craft in the rear seemed to be getting closer to the lead craft (the one whose light wasn't flashing). At this point I parked my car and watched because I had never seen maneuvers like this before. It was as if one was chasing the other. The flashing (not really flashing like a strobe but rather like turning a very bright light off and on slowly and seeing the bulb fade as it cools)craft continued to get closer to the other one until the lights almost seemed as one. Then the flashing light was gone and only the constantly lit craft could be seen. While this was happening the 2 lights were traveling in a counter-clockwise direction from northwest to west and ended up directly over the Fort here. I still thought at this time that I was looking at 2 planes or helicopters and one just blacked out all its lights--they seem to do that a lot around here. When the light that was still visible got directly over the fort it ended its circular direction of travel and headed due-east torwards where I was parked.  It was not traveling very fast and I could still only see the one solid light.  As it got closer I again saw the flashing/pulsing light along with several more. I was amazed at the absence of sound as it approached. From the silence and the odd light clusters I could now see I thought perhaps this was one of the unmanned aerial vehicles they test here or maybe a balloon/blimp of some sort.  It wasn't. It was not flying very high and (luckily) passed directly over me and the entire campus here(there were several people in the parking lot and milling around the campus but I don't know if anyone else was paying attention).  As it passed I was amazed at its size and the silence (a faint rumbling/humming almost like a jet very very far away could be heard). I could not make out a shape because it was dark but, I could clearly see an unusually high amount of lights on its underbelly. Their were several small almost incandescent-like amberish lights clustered about what I'll call the nose section. The mid section only had a few lights grouped in pairs of two close to the nose, and then the rest of the mid- section was dark and very long. Towards the back, or tail-end, was the flashing light I saw earlier with a few other non-flashing lights.  Looking at the arrangement of all these lights reminded me of a stingray-like fish with a large head/body, and a long skinny tail with a point but I can't really say what shape it was only what the light configuration reminded me of. What I originally thought was one plane chasing or just gaining on the other was really the lights on the front of this thing and the flashing light on its tail. As it turned it created the illusion of one going faster and closing the gap on the other. After seeing this I still wasn't sure that it just wasn't a military excursion umtil about 5 minutes after it passed over me. It was at this time that I saw several small planes and/or helicopters flying at very low altitudes over the Fort. They seemed to be spaced out pretty far and just circling small areas as if they were looking for something or waiting for something. One large commercial-like jet could also be seen but it wasn't circling, it and two helicopters headed in the same direction as the craft did and all three passed directly over me as well as if they were following but not necessarily chasing whatever I had originally seen. These planes and helicopters around and directly over the Fort for at least an hour.;31.537104;-110.268038666667
I'm not sure if this was even a craft.  At approx.  2100 hrs I was returning home from Cochise College where I teach.  On the way I n;2001-02-05 21:00:00;approx. 20 minutes;I'm not sure if this was even a craft.  At approx.  2100 hrs I was returning home from Cochise College where I teach.  On the way I noticed an extremely bright light in the night sky.  It was west of the town and stood motionless in the sky.  I was much brighter than any star or planet.  In the magnitude of 100 times brighter.  The light also had six points...one top and bottom and two on each side.  The light was viewed for approximately 20 minutes.  I went into my house and looked for it again about 30 minutes later and it was gone.;31.537104;-110.268038666667
The pulsating light kept moving over our area for over an hour with no sound emitting from it and the light pulsating the whole time.;2003-11-15 19:30:00;1 hour +;The pulsating light kept moving over our area for over an hour with no sound emitting from it and the light pulsating the whole time. While outside in my back yard,I looked up and saw this pulsating light with two lights on each side.  The pulsating light was the center light and it did not have the configuration of conventional aircraft with red and green 'running lights' on each side.  I watched it go northwest then it seemed to stop for a short time then veer to the left,then again stopped and came back to the northeast and I watched and listened for a noise of engines for conventional aircraft. There was none. I know what heliocopters sound like and jet engines and propeller driven planes-nothing!  No sound was heard and I watch this object go back in forth over my area for over an hour.  It kept going back and forth over the area and then close to an Aerostat balloon that is here and is supposed to be a restricted airspace around it and it should have been close enough at that point to have heard any sort of engine sound but there was no sound coming from the pulsating light at all.  It was 7:30pm (19:30hours) when I started watching this light and 8:30 when I went inside my  house. It was still moving back and forth in the area where I live and I tried to find the phone number of the Air Traffic Control tower of the military installation that I live near but had no luck finding any information.;31.537104;-110.268038666667
Day light aerial object resembles flying domed skylight;2006-05-06 11:30:00;6-7 minutes;Day light aerial object resembles flying domed skylight My wife and I had been working in the yard and she sat down in a patio chair while I went into the garage to put up some tools.   She called to me to come back outside with some urgency in her voice and I did so and she pointed up and said is that a plane?  I looked up and saw a distant object almost directly overhead about the size of a pea reflecting sunlight causing a glare that made it difficult to observe.  My wife remarked that she had been watching it for a couple minutes and it had been stationary with slight movements from her vantage point of leaning back it leaning back in a swivel rocker type of patio chair.  Additionaly she had been observing it where the eaves of the garage and main house came together at a 90 degree angle and and so the object was framed in that view.  She didn't call me until it began moving and she wanted me to see it.   When I couldn't see it clearly I went inside and grabbed my 8 x 42 fieldglasses for a look.  The obect could be seen very clearly then.  It was all white, with a flat square bottom with radiused corners, and a domed topside.    For all practical purposes of comparison it reminded me of the porportions and shape of a dome shaped 2' X 2' replacement skylight cover if it had radius corners instead of 90 degree corners at a builders center.   It's course was basically north to south but in a bobbing weaving fashion rather than straight line.   The size in my field of view of the field glasses was about the size of the skylight on my neighbors' house which is about 80 feet away.  It was easy to keep it in view and focused there were no control surfaces or propellars or engine nacelles.   We traded the glasses back and forth several times and I had to move to end of house when a pine tree blocked viewing.   I thought I would lose view when it went over the moutain but instead it descended in front of the mountain and it was obscured by the foothills in an apparent landing.   Being that we are a few miles from Ft. Huachaca it could be new technology.   It wasn't 'old' technology as I have seen examples them in flight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  If the object was not a helium-filled balloon, then we do not know what they witnessed.  PD));31.537104;-110.268038666667
