You may be surprised that I am reporting this after 30 years. I remember the date clearly as I told myself I would never forget. I have;1973-10-24 00:00:00;2-3 Minutes;You may be surprised that I am reporting this after 30 years. I remember the date clearly as I told myself I would never forget. I have told this story to quite a few friends over the years, but have never made an official report. I have always been afraid of the attention this story might arouse, and of ridicule.  I was 19 years old. I was in my front yard in Jacksonville Beach, Fla. looking north. About 5 miles north of where I lived is Mayport Naval Station. I saw a very small red object in the sky that seemed to stay in one position for a long time. Then it would move slowly to another position and stay awhile. I went inside and told my Father about this light. It was too far away to determine what is was. I went back out and watched this light again. It started moving slowly eastward toward the Atlantic Ocean which was only a mile from my house. I went inside and told my Father I was driving down to the beach to see if I could get a better look at this object. I drove down to the beach and parked in a parking lot beside a Holiday Inn in our town. This is right up to the seawall. I looked to the north and believed I spotted the object out over the ocean to the Northeast. But it was tiny, and I could make out no detail at all. I watched this object for maybe 10 minutes. But I could see no detail, and grew tired of watching it. I was standing on the seawall. I turned south to walk back to my car, when I saw a large orange football shaped object coming down our beach. It looked like glowing steel in a furnace. It glowed. It also had a halo or a fog around it that was also orange. It did not appear to be even 200 feet in the air, and was moving slowly northward toward me. We had a pier in our town that was about 1 mile south of my location. This object was closer, because I could see its reflection in the water between me and the pier. There was a car driving up the beach. The object appeared to be almost directly over it. But the car was actually approaching me faster than the object. I would estimate this object was 60 feet long. It appeared about the size of a streetlight maybe 75 feet away. As this object moved slowly toward me, I began to be a little afraid. This was late at night near Midnight, and there were not a lot of people out. There is a stairway on the seawall down to the beach itself. I started to go! down in there, when I saw a man standing in front of the Holiday Inn smoking a cigarette. There was a railing on the seawall. He was leaning against it and looking eastward out at the ocean. He did not seem to be aware of this object that now only appeared to be 3 or 4 blocks south of me. I ran over to the man and said, Look at that! pointing. He looked up and said, Wow, what is that? I said, I don't know, but I think its one of those UFO's! The object had stopped now and seemed to just sit still. At times it seemed to glow slightly brighter and then dim. We both just stared. Then the object seemed to flatten out into a long narrow rectangle. Maybe like a cereal box on edge. Even at this shape it seemed to glow brighter and then dim slightly. It stayed like this for maybe 1 minute. Then, it shot eastward at the most amazing speed I have ever seen. It moved so fast that it appeared to stretch like taffy and then turn into a tiny orange ball that shot over the horizon to the east over the ocean. It left a long orange vapor trail that took several minutes to fade away. The man asked, Do you think that was a rocket? I said, No, I've seen rockets before, and they don't move like that (You could see rockets go up from Cape Kennedy on clear days where I lived. I have seen numerous Apollo launchings and even the Space Shuttle years later). The man asked me if I was going to tell anybody. I said I didn't know who to tell. We talked for a minute. He told me his name but I can't remember. I do remember he told me he was from Detroit, Michigan and was down for vacation. I left and drove home. I tried to tell my Father about it when I got home, but I woke him from sleeping, and I don't think he was quite awake. I told some co-workers the next day, who laughed at me. After that, I didn't tell anyone for a year or two. But after that, I would tell some friends. I still tell people sometimes, but I have always feared people would think I'm lying or some kind of looney.  Just to let you know. I am very familiar with military aircraft. My Father worked for the military as an Aircraft Instumentation Calibrations Technician. I lived by air bases most of my young life, and have seen many odd military vehicles. But I have never seen anything like this object. It was very close. It was not a rocket, plane, helicopter, balloon or whatever. I don't know what it was.;30.2801;-81.4164999999999
During a period of several nights, points of light moved over and under the ocean water in various formations, which were later reveale;1981-08-15 23:00:00;8 hours;((NUFORC Note:  If UFO's, or their occupants, are capable of communicating via mental telepathy, we do not understand why they would resort to the relatively primitive means of Morse Code.)) During a period of several nights, points of light moved over and under the ocean water in various formations, which were later revealed to be lights attached to solid black elliptical flying objects. One night, I traveled with two other friends to Jax Beach to see what we would see.  As we stood on the beach, we noticed what appeared to be airport runway lights extending from the shoreline approximately 1 mile north of us to the east horizon.  My friends and I wondered how and why runway lights would be positioned over water to the horizon, as it really seemed nonsense.  Our attention was then drawn to the lights of what appeared to be an oil tanker moving south across the ocean many miles out to sea.  As the lights moved in unison along the horizon, suddenly these lights, which seemed to form the outline of a ship separated into two equal numbers and moved away from each other. With that occurrence my friends and I felt very uneasy and decided to depart.  I returned on other occasions to witness other equally unexplainable lights, which moved in and out of the water.  Following those sightings, I began to send Morris Code messages from the shoreline using my car headlights.  Messages such as: God is Love.  I sent the simple messages over the water for several nights when a response was sent in Morris Code by way of a red light, which moved between two white lights moving in unison near the horizon.  The response message was:  God is.  Within several nights of that response,  I was given the opportunity to see the UFO aircraft that generated the lights on two occasions.  One following night, I parked my car on a beach access ramp facing the ocean and using my headlights, I sent my God is love message out over the water.  Shortly, thereafter, four lights arranged in a blue-green-blue-green pattern appeared on the horizon. I stepped out of the car to get a better look and the lights began to move very quickly toward the beach where I was standing.  The lights reached the waters edge at the beach and stopped.  The UFOs traveled from the horizon to the shore in less than 30 seconds!  At that point I observed that the aircraft were about the size of 737's and their shapes were elliptical and solid bl! ack with a one blue and one green light positioned on the outer edge.  Their appearance was difficult to see except when heat lightening flashed in the sky behind them.  The UFOs did not remain for long but this time more slowly returned to their position on the horizon.  The second sighting occurred several nights later and further north of Jax Beach in an area of the beach where houses or apartments were not constructed at the time.  Again, I used my headlights to send the Morris Code message God Is over the water.  Again lights appeared on the horizon and moved more slowly over the water until they were about 150 feet from the shore.  That time I counted six UFOs that appeared as before.  I walked down to the shore and waited for something to happen however, I do not remember anything else occurring, except that they seemed to loose interest in me and slowly drifted out of sight over the horizon. ;30.2801;-81.4164999999999
Object appeared and morphed into a craft.  See photos.;2012-10-22 14:30:00;7 minutes;Object appeared and morphed into a craft.  See photos. I was watching the Jacksonville Beach Airshow when I saw what I thought was a parachuter.  I took some photos of the object and saw what I though was a plane fly off to the south.   I'm also being told that the Blue Angels were delayed on the Sunday show.  Perhaps they saw this object on radar.;30.2801;-81.4164999999999
