We saw two spherical, hazy objects, parallel, descending from west to east, crossing paths, continuing southeast.;2003-06-06 04:14:00;1 minute;We saw two spherical, hazy objects, parallel, descending from west to east, crossing paths, continuing southeast. We walked out the front door of our house about 4:10AM. We live about ten blocks from the Atlantic Ocean.  The sky was clear.  In a couple of minutes my husband said, Do you see that, look! We were facing south-southwest and above in the sky I saw two sphere-shaped objects, slightly star-like, not as bright, but a hazy light grey color.  They were very round yet there was not a glow but a slight haze around them. They were moving at maybe a 45 degree angle from the ground from west to east in a southeast direction.  In other words, they appeared to be descending.  They were parallel to one another and moving faster than a plane, very smoothly, totally silent, down towards the tree line.  They were fairly large, larger than an average star, maybe about a quarter of the size of a full moon high in the sky. My husband thinks they were smaller, more star sized. In relation to an aircraft normally seen around this area, they were fairly low.  Their flight pattern was very unusual.  They were very close to one other, as I said, parallel, then at one point the object to the right crossed over to the left of the other's path. They continued to head south in a parallel formation till we could no longer see them as there were trees and buildings blocking the view. We ran into the house and my husband checked the time, it was 4:14AM. Neither of us have even seen anything like this.  We were up late but totally sober. We frequently look at the sky.  We watch shuttle launches and shooting stars.  I even saw a flaming meteor a few months ago streak from east to west in the same sky.  These objects were totally unlike anything we have ever experienced.  I looked on the Internet at UFO pictures and the closest thing to them are the so-called Phoenix lights, or the round shapes that someone photographed during the recent lunar eclipse, which, by the way, we also watched.  Yet the objects we saw were more defined in their spherical shape and were not stationary.;30.2801;-81.4164999999999
Orange and red glowing sphere over Jacksonville Beach, FL;2011-02-10 22:00:00;3 min.;Orange and red glowing sphere over Jacksonville Beach, FL Me and my friend were driving down the street when I saw a sphere floating across the sky towards the beach. It looked like an upside down bowl, orange on the outer rim, and a deep red in the middle. We tried to follow the craft, but it seemed as if it was getting higher and higher into the sky until i could no longer see it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));30.2801;-81.4164999999999
