10 bird like shapes in straight line. glowed orange, like lights from town on underneath.;2008-10-25 21:00:00;1-2 min;10 bird like shapes in straight line. glowed orange, like lights from town on underneath, no sound from objects. traveled from ne to sw when they got to the sw one in middle broke off to the south.;41.606928;-109.227642666667
4 flying objects in the skies of Wyoming;2013-04-05 21:00:00;~20 minutes;4 flying objects in the skies of Wyoming On the evening of April 5th, 2013 at approximately 9:00 PM (or very shortly there after) I walked out onto my front porch because a minute prior I had heard a truck outside and went out to see if someone was at my house.  Very suddenly, and almost out of nowhere, a very large object with blue lights and one red light came silently across the sky from the south and seemingly in slow motion, (but it happened fast) descended down to the east approximately 30-50 feet ….this was happening roughly 100 - 125 feet in front of me. It was huge and didn’t make noise …nor did it seem to make the trees that it was situated among move. It seemed to have a black v shaped body but the lights were so intense, big and bright that I can not be 100% clear on that.  It  came down, stopped for a few brief seconds, seemed to flash a red light and then left. (it was illuminated by blue lights the entire time ….a beautiful blue like I’ve never seen. Different somehow but I can not tell you how. Right before the red light became more apparent, the blue lights seemed to have deepened or become more intense and large.  The red light seemed to be in the center and  also seemed to “flash” one time as if it had some sort of purpose in doing so, right before it took off. Everything seemed very sudden but yet happening in slow motion until the craft suddenly gained altitude and distance very quickly. Almost in the blink of an eye and heading east. I do not know why, but at this moment I didn’t think to much of it. The impact of what I had just seen hadn’t quite “registered” yet. I began to look up into the sky directly after this object left and noticed 2 very bright objects. Approximately 12-16,000 feet altitude.  One to the east and one to the south.  The white light of these 2 objects seemed to flicker very fast but both objects also had red light on them …every few seconds I could see a red light that, sometimes, seemed to turn more of an orange and then what appeared to be “beams” of white light coming down from them.  The one positioned in the east seemed to be much more active as it was bobbing up and down and sideways erratically, sometimes stopping for a small portion of time, and then would disappear,.  Maybe behind a cloud or just all on its own . I say “maybe” behind a cloud because it was lightly cloudy.  However, I could not tell if it was going behind the cloud or just disappearing all on its own only to reappear again.   The one positioned in the south seemed to have all of the same features and light properties of the one in the east but! wasn’t moving around as much.  Although, in order to keep my eyes on one, I had to then turn them away from the other. I watched both objects very curiously for approximately 3-5 minutes, at which time I began to feel uneasy and came back inside. I came inside, sat down and that’s when I  started to really question what I had just seen. Thinking about it now it is very surreal and hard to process yet very vivid.  As I sat and questioned what I had just seen I suddenly wanted to go back outside to see if they were still in the sky. I walked out on the porch again and immediately saw, approaching from the south, something flying much faster than an airplane, making no noise, (not that I could hear or recognize) and all lit up in red. I would approximate the altitude of this red flying object to be 8,000 feet.  It seemed to be shaped like a remote controlled helicopter but was hard to make out because it was all lit up red and parts of it were flashing VERY fast.  Like a strobe light.  I watched it fly to the east for roughly 40 seconds before feeling uneasy again and stepping back inside where I stayed until bed time. The sequence of these sightings and events took place in an approximate 20 minute time frame. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.606928;-109.227642666667
