UFO table rock lake, White lights.;2006-07-20 02:00:00;3 hours;UFO table rock lake, White lights. My and my brothers were camping at Table Rock Lake, Branson, Missouri. We were lying on the docks, watching the stars and having a smoke *about 1 AM* (his girlfriend was back at the camp site) we started noticing some strange activity when we saw a shooting star, not unusual right? Well we didn’t think so wither except we saw over 30 in a brief time period, about an hour. We went back to our camp site after things died down. We had separate tents, he and his girlfriend were in one and I was in the other. I couldn’t sleep and was lying awake watching the shadows on the tent. There was a bright white light, moving across the top of the tent, casting heavy shadows of the tree branches like a search light. I didn’t think much of it, dismissing it as a plane or helicopter even though there was no noise. I got up to go to the bathroom *about 2, 2:30* I was walking back when I noticed a white light flying across the sky. Being an aviation nerd I noticed the object (a plane to me at the time) was flying very fast, but then I focused on it and there were no strobes, as by FAA regulated law, you must have strobes on any flying aircraft. You’ve seen then on the tips of the wings and also a red one on the belly of the craft. I thought that it was strange but again dismissed it as a possible government plane with permission. When I got back to the camp site my brother was standing out of the tent looking at the sky, he said he saw a bright light, like I had, except he saw the one I encountered and then another one a couple min. after I left. We were just messing around looking at the sky, and saw another bright white light however it was coming from the side, and was growing brighter, as if heading straight for us. As we looked on, the light suddenly shot off the right, and up. The light was the same color and brightness as the one I saw earlier. We watched it till it disappeared behind the trees, though it was still flying as we could just make it out behind the branches. We saw more lights (howeve!  not near as bright) flying the same direction. They appeared to change altitude slightly every few seconds, though I cannot be sure. All I know is that they were NOT planes, helicopters or any sort of FAA regulated craft, they were too fast, and did not have enough lights to be planes. Unless there were 5 planes without required lights, and one plane that could change directions extremely rapidly, then there is something weird going on. The sightings lasted between about 2:00 AM and 5:00 AM, the sun came up and we were unable to see more, or they had all left. I have though about this for a while and am unable to come to any conclusions as to what they may have been. *If investigators would like to contact me, please do so via e-mail as I currently have no phone.  I will update with new phone number if possible. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.6692426470589;-93.2448529411764
