Low flying tubular light bar sighted in Kentucky early morning sky.;2013-06-25 04:25:00;30 seconds;Low flying tubular light bar sighted in Kentucky early morning sky. This morning, at approximately 4:25am CDT, I stepped out of my house to place things in my car.  I noticed the warm night air and full moon to my right and looked around enjoying the nice calm morning.  It was before daybreak and was still very dark. Just then I noticed a peculiar light in the sky to my left that had come into view from over the treetops in that direction.  I expected this to be a small plane due to the low altitude of less than 1000 feet.  This is not uncommon for my area.  However, I then noticed the light from this object were of a solid tubular pattern and there were no blinking lights and absolutely no sound.  Low flying small airplanes and military helicopters are common sights near my home as are higher altitude commercial aircraft.  I have even seen the International Space Station in the sky before.  This light was from none of these. I slowly walked toward my garage while observing the light object the whole way.  I stopped outside my garage and observed the object slowly moving across the sky.  I reached inside the garage to turn on the outside garage lights to alert the object that I was there. It slowly continued across the sky with no change in speed.  I quickly went inside my garage to put the items I was holding in my car and went to grab my sunglasses to see if I could see more detail with them on.  I stepped out of my now open garage door to look back at the object and it was gone.  I could no longer find it anywhere in the sky. I am utterly confused by the object I saw this morning.  I am a very rational and logical thinking person. But I can not explain what I saw this morning. I checked out the International Space Station site to see the location of it. At the time it was over the South Pacific. What I saw was low flying and couldn't have been it or any other commercial aircraft.  I am completely stumped regarding what I saw this morning.;37.4611755555555;-86.3233044444445
