Triangle craft with lights in each corner and a large light in the center seen up close.;2012-12-20 05:30:00;5 minutes;Triangle craft with lights in each corner and a large light in the center seen up close. It was roughly 5:30 am December 20th 2012 and my boyfriend and I stepped outside to sneak a cigarette. I noticed it first and asked, What is THAT?  It looked like a star at first but it was far too large and bright to be a star. It started in the NW part of the sky. The bright white light then turned red and streaked quickly towards us leaving a red trail in the behind it.  As decreased speed the red light faded.  Then it was very close and you could see it clearly.  The craft was an equilateral triangle with a large white light in the center and beige/orange lights in each corner.  There was a blue light on top.  It was only maybe 30-50 feet corner to corner.  It traveled east slowly and continuously toward, and then over us. The sight was so fantastic and we thought no one would believe what we were seeing. So we each pulled out our phones and tried to take a picture.  His phone shut itself off when he opened the camera application, and then mine froze up when I unlocked the screen then shut itself off shortly after.  That only added to the mystery of the experience. The craft was only maybe 500 ft away when it was directly above us.  We never heard a sound the entire time we saw it.  The craft flew over the house so we ran around following it so we wouldn't lose sight of the most amazing thing we've ever seen.  Finally it disappeared behind the trees across the street leaving us flabbergasted.;41.2392;-82.1249
The bright orange/red triange all I could do was yelll, &quotFIREBALL,&quot STOP THE CAR, but this was no ball.;2013-07-26 22:30:00;30 seconds;The bright orange/red triange all I could do was yelll, &quotFIREBALL,&quot STOP THE CAR, but this was no ball. My husband and I were driving home from a local festival in rural Lagrange, Ohio at about 22:30 or 10:30 p.m. EST. As we were passing through the center of town (in a roundabout), I saw what I thought was a huge fireball, falling from the north sky.  My husband didn't see it and I yelled for him to stop and park since I couldn't get a view while in the turn. Yes,I was indeed in a bit of a panic since I'd seen something almost completely identical in Elyria, Ohio in late April, 2012 close to sunset(I think it was the 22nd.  I had no witness and have tried to research it since. We live within 20 miles of Cleveland Hopkins airport, so air traffic is noting new to me.  I've seen planes in every flight pattern coming and going to that airport.  This thing was indescribably bright, orange/red in color and lower than a plane in landing decent, which heading west from North/South would be in almost all cases.Further, there were no visible signs of a tail or greenish color, which is more indicative of a comet.  I have yet to see a plane at night with no white or blue lights, and with nothing blinking. The color was so extremely bright orange, all I could do was yell, fireball! Just like my other sighting over a year prior, it first seemed to be circular and falling without will.  Once we jumped out of the car, it was overhead giving us an idea of it's speed.  We noticed then that there were 3 very distinct dullish dark circular shapes inside of a triangle with a redish ora.  The triangle then with intent, took a very sharp turn west.  I realized at that moment it wasn't a natural event, and was being guided. We got back in the car toward home to continue to follow it.  The trees blocked our view for about 5 seconds.  We quickly reached open sky again, and it was simply gone.  Planes don't just vanish in the night sky in 5 econds at a low altitude!  This was something else.  Military?  The closest air base is 4 hours south of here in Dayton at Wright Patterson.  Who knows, but I'd love to know if anyone has a reasonable explanation for this!  There were a lot of people out with the festival ending so I can only assume more people saw this thing!  I was unable to get an iphone shot of any kind because it was just too fast, and I was truly unable to stop staring at it.;41.2392;-82.1249
