Small silent aircraft like object observed in rural area  that did not behave like any known object, such as a bird or toy plane.;2000-07-01 15:00:00;5 minutes;Small silent aircraft like object observed in rural area  that did not behave like any known object, such as a bird or toy plane. During the middle of the summer, 2000, visiting father in law's farm in NW Ohio. While outside watching birds with my wife, I was scanning the sky when I noticed what I at first took to be the bird we were looking for. Then I thought it was a small plane circling high overhead. It wasn't a bird. No movement of wings, it was a distinctive plane shape, rigid. That's what I used the cross shape it's the closest description. I took a second look because several things bothered me: the object did not appear to be that high for its size. It wasn't a private plane. I can't explain that well. It just felt wrong. It seemed too small, and I started thinking it was a remote controlled device. But it seemed too high for that. There was no one near us however, and there was no sound at all, not the sound of a plane in the distance or that distinctive whine of a remote controlled toy plane. This is a quiet summer day in the country, and the object was over a empty field. You can hear planes all the time, from jets to smaller craft. I saw a private plane fly overhead during this time, and the difference was obvious. If this is all that happened, I would assume it was only one of the above: a high flying small plane, or a remote controlled plane. I wouldn't have thought much about it at all. But what it did next was very strange. I noted that it was flying lazy circles, like a bird, but a very rigid flight. That's why I could observe it for so long. Suddenly, the object took off shooting toward the northwest in a straight line. It disappeared from sight well down the road to the highway, OH route 66. It went very fast, gone in a second, and again, it was a perfectly straight flight path. Not the swooping movement of a bird. It shot off, like a gun fired it. It did not descend or make any bird-like movements. No noise, and it went too far for it to be a remote controlled toy. It astounded me. I don't claim that it's a UFO, but well, I can't explain it away, and it did not act anything like I expected it. It flew very fast and did not deviate from the direct line. My wife did not observe this part of it, and in fact focused on another object that was a bird, so she had stopped observing my object a few minutes before.;41.2778999999999;-84.3578000000002
