The object, in about 1 -2 seconds, moved from my east to west without a noise.  It looked circular and glowed like the moon.;2000-09-22 00:30:00;1.5 Minutes;The object, in about 1 -2 seconds, moved from my east to west without a noise.  It looked circular and glowed like the moon. I was walking from my car into my house, after getting home from work, and was observing the night sky as I do most every night.  I was walking north.  From my far east a disk or ball (somewhat obscured by the light clouds) appeared kind of as a soft white glow, like the moon light, and traveled to my far west in about 1.5 - 2 seconds.  It moved so quickly that it appeared to have a short tail coming from behind.  It disappeared to my view for about 5 seconds.  The object reappeared to my far west side and in approximately .5 second moved to a position just in front of me and slightly to my west and stopped.  While it was stationary the soft glow stopped and all I could see were four lights which were green, red, and white.  The object hovered at that position for about 15 seconds and then moved off to the north at a slower rate, but much faster than any airplane or jet.  While it traveled northward I could see the lights and it did not during any of this sighting make any noise.  At first I thought maybe it was a shooting star or an object entering the atmosphere.  However, it was unlike any falling star or other object I had ever seen before and, it was much to large, I thought to be such an object.  I also thought maybe it was a search light, however you can see the trail of a search light as it cuts the sky and this did not have any.  When I saw the lights I thought maybe it was an airplane, jet, or helicopter.  However, there was no noise, no airplane or jet I know of can hover, and a helicopter noise would have been very distiguishable at that range even if in a silent mode.  I followed the object as it traveled northward until I was in front of my house (on the other side from the drive) and then it was lost to view shortly afterward behind the trees.  I stood in awe and watched this thing.  I have heard of sightings and other reports of people seeing objects like this.  My wife said her and her mother seen one when she was just a child.  But, until it happened Friday night I was still skeptical! .  The t oughest problem for me right now is that I have a very analytical mind and I would like to explain this away.  However, it has bugged me all weekend because I cannot explain it.  Was there anything in this area or in science that can explain what I saw?  I am curious now.  I hope I have another encounter because this was such an awesome, frustratingly inexplicable, and wonderful thing to behold.  I hope you don't think I am nuts.  Thanks for your time.;41.2778999999999;-84.3578000000002
What we saw was a large circle of cloud perfectly centered around the moon.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible Moon Dog.  PD));2005-04-16 22:00:00;2hrs;What we saw was a large circle of cloud perfectly centered around the moon.  Between the moon and cloud formation it was totally clear (no clouds) and this ring stayed in this position for over two hours before it finally dispersed. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the circle might have been a Moon Dog, created usually by ice crystals high in the atmosphere.  The ice crystals refract the light radiating from the Moon, so that an observer on the surface of Earth sees a faint ring around the Moon.  PD));41.2778999999999;-84.3578000000002
