Blue/White sphere over woods.;2013-09-23 22:00:00;Minutes;Blue/White sphere over woods I've always been a down to earth person with the attitude that if something can't be proven, it's probably for a reason.  I have a difficult time saying I believe in a god.  I think the vast majority of sightings are a hoax, or a case of someone wanting to see something that it's clearly not.  I would have classified UFO's with bigfoot in a list of fairy tales, if I didn't experience the story I'm about to write you.  Last year I was traveling down an old country road with a friend of mine.  It was a normal night, and I certainly didn't have anything like UFO's on my mind.  When we were about half way down the road, I notice a bright bluish/white light over the woods.  I instantly thought it was a police helicopter hunting for marijuana plants in the area.   After a few seconds, I noticed something seemed off.  I instructed my friend to stop and shut his car off, and we proceeded to roll down the windows.  The events that happen next occur extremely quickly.  I point out to my friend that the object was completely stationary, making no sound.   During this time, he remains completely silent.  I can only guess he is as puzzled as I am by whatever we were watching.  The distance from the road to the woods is about a football field.  During this time, there were no crops obstructing the view of the woods.  The object appeared to be hovering directly over the middle of the wooded area.  I can only estimate it was hovering about 25yards above the tree line.   I'd like to take second to note that these distances might not be completely accurate.  To be honest, I was a bit shocked about the whole event.  Even now, my friend refuses to speak too much about it.  Continuing the story, within a few seconds of us both sitting in silence, transfixed on this unknown flying object. The light went completely dim and we witness it dash off, horizontally, at an indescribable speed. The lights went dim before it actually took off, yet it left behind a colorless trail o! f some sort, and I could even see it's silhouette for a fracti! on of a second before it completely went out of sight. I apologize for not being able to provide any type of image. I just needed to tell this story to someone.  I can say with absolute certainty that I will never experience another event like this in my life. I can only re-live the moment as a memory. I felt as if I had to tell this to someone, since it was beyond spectacular.;41.2778999999999;-84.3578000000002
