Huge bommerange shaped UFO with faint red lights flying stealth northwest to southeast;2010-09-27 22:15:00;4 seconds;Huge bommerange shaped UFO with faint red lights flying stealth northwest to southeast Kyle, TX September 27, 2010 10:15pm Witness 2:  I was sitting on my back patio (facing east, maybe north-east) looking at the stars, witness 1 pointed out a plane going across the sky so I focused on the plane. All you could see were the white and blue blinking lights zooming across the sky toward the south.  Suddenly witness 1 shouts “Oh my god do you see that!” and grabs my arm. At that moment I noticed an object moving across the sky toward the south at about a 65 degree angle from the plane. I froze and we just watched it go across the sky till it disappeared over the horizon, maybe 3-4 seconds. The object was a mere shadow in the sky, I believe the best way to describe it would be similar to the sci-fi invisibility suits that mirror the image or scene behind itself, but the mirrored image is bent or slightly distorted. The object was not obvious in any way, you would have only seen it if you were focusing in that area of the sky.  The object was shaped like a boomerang and I could see faint, no brighter than a dull s! tar, red lights lining the front of it (the angled or bent portion of the object).  The lights did not blink and they all appeared exactly the same.  As the object moved across the sky it did not change altitude, course, or speed.  The object was closer to us than the plane and moved at a slower speed relative to the plane. However, the object did move at a good speed, I noticed the object when it was directly above me and watched it to the horizon in about 4 seconds. From where I stood, the object appeared to be about the size of a football field so I figure it must have been even larger when considering distance. I never heard a sound from either plane, and my two dogs did not appear to notice/hear anything. At first I thought I was hallucinating until witness 1 said “No, didn’t you see the red lights?”  At that point we had not said anything regarding what the object looked like. We immediately went inside to draw, independently, what we had seen before discussing it wit! h each other.  Our pictures were the same. Background: I am a full time student at Texas State University-San Marcos. I will complete my BS in Biology this May 2011. I have a minor in psychology which has already been completed. I am a very scientifically oriented person and have never taken UFO sightings very seriously before. I tried to rationalize what I saw in every way possible, but still returned to the conclusion that it was alien to this world. I thought maybe a giant flock of birds- no flock flies in such a perfect shape or carries red flashlights maybe a military plane like the stealth bomber- there are no nearby military bases and I don’t see the point of designing such a big aircraft to fly stealth (it would be detected by radar at such a large size) so maybe what I saw was an unconscious inference (some of our perceptions are the result of unconscious assumptions we make about the environment) and was really just some planes flying in a chevron shape way up leaving contrails- I have never seen an aircr! aft that has only one steady red light (which would be the case if there was more than one plane) and the rest of the object did not look anything like contrails.  Witness 1: Witness 2 and I were on the back porch enjoying at the nice night. We saw a plane passing overhead and then all of a sudden I spotted something out of one’s imagination, a shape in the sky that looked like an oversized boomerang.  This ship-like object almost looked like a stealth bomber without the sharp angles, but ten times the size.  It cruised across the sky a little slower than the plane and really high up. It had small red lights like faint stars on the very front of the shape. This shape was the same color as the night sky it was like a ripple moving across the sky. The way it moved was like nothing ever, it made no noise. Background: I graduated from Texas State University in 2009 with a BESS in health and fitness administration and a minor in business. I am the administrator of a podiatrist office/specialized running store in New Braunfels, TX.  My father is a Ranger, so I have spent a good majority of my life living on military bases and seeing the jets fly by. This was not like anything I have ever seen on any military base!  These reports were written separately at 10:50pm and then recorded onto Microsoft Word.;30.0031999999996;-97.8396999999987
