UFO over I-5 near Albany, Oregon on 7/18/2009.;2009-07-18 21:15:00;5 minutes;UFO over I-5 near Albany, Oregon on 7/18/2009. In the evening as we were heading north on I-5 about 10 miles south of the Corvallis exit, we saw a strange cloud-like shape in the sky.  It was strange because it was darker than the few other clouds in the sky that were lighted from behind due to the setting sun.  It was also much, much lower and a had a very distinct full shape as opposed to the other clouds that were high, thin and flat in the sky that are typical in Oregon on hot summer days.  We both saw the object and began to discuss what we thought it was.  At first we thought that maybe it was a cloud, and then maybe a helicopter, but it was difficult to decide at first.  As the object got closer we realized that it was distinctly changing shape.  It would be wide and round and then stretch and thin out.  Then after about 5 minutes of watching it, the object distinctly began moving away from us.  It headed north, which we were already travelling 70 mph in the same direction, which shows that it was! moving at a significantly high velocity.  Then over the span of about 5 seconds the object disappeared.  It did not move out of sight due to distance but faded or dissolved from sight from the edges in. This was very clear and when we realized that what we saw was not normal and not anything that we could identify except as extraterrestrial.  As a skeptic I never thought I would ever see a UFO, however I cannot explain what I saw in any other manner than something beyond this world.  I have tried to find others who may have also seen this because I-5 is a very busy freeway and was so close to the city of Albany.  If we had not both witness this strange experience then I may have not believed what my own eyes had seen.  It was strange to think about this other possibility of UFOs, those that do not emit light and appear to try to blend into the surroundings.  It greatly changed what I think about the possibility of something out there that is from beyond our world. ((NUFORC Note:  I spoke via telephone with this witness, and she was quite eloquent, and sounded to us to be quite objective and sober-minded.  PD));44.63993125;-123.0923625
Illuminated object moving south, stopped in sky over Albany, Oregon.;2014-10-28 10:10:00;3 minutes;Illuminated object moving south, stopped in sky over Albany 	The morning of Tuesday October 28th at 10:10am I was driving down SW Queen Avenue going west. I was on my way to a college recitation and had volunteering to drop my boyfriend off near his place of employment before I left town.  After dropping him off and turning onto Queen Ave from a parking lot that crosses with SE Hill Street I noticed something extremely bright in the sky. As I was moving west down Queen, the object was moving from the north to south. 	At first glance, I thought the object I was looking at must be a plane.  The reasoning for this was because of a nearby airport, as well as how low the object seemed to be relative to the altitude that planes fly at when they have completed their ascent.  The object also appeared to be moving at a rate comparable to that of an airplane.  What compelled me to keep staring what the unbelievable brightness of the object.  Initially I thought that it may be reflecting the light from the clouds which were bright that morning.  The longer I stared at it, the stranger it seemed that there appeared no colored lights on the object.  I also began to notice that the object at first glance had appeared to be plane shape, but the longer I watched it move through the sky the more I was able to define that it appeared, in fact, as a crescent shape with its widest diameter parallel with the ground. 	Once I began to realize how out of sync this object was with what I am accustomed to seeing from a plane, I followed it's trajectory with my eyes as I continued to make my way west on Queen.  Next something very strange happened.  The object I had been watching moved in front of clouds that were much darker, gray color.  It was then I saw that the light didn't seem to be reflecting onto the object from the clouds, but coming from the object itself.  The best way to describe it, was that it appeared to be self-illuminated.  The color was a very bright white color. 	The object moved west from my perspective.  A few moments later object stopped moving entirely. It was suspended in the sky, and no longer appeared crescent like it had when it was closer to me, but appeared orb-shaped.  The only thing I can compare it to is a star.  It looked like a low hanging star in our atmosphere in the middle of the morning.  After a five to ten second stillness, the object moved at a much, much faster rate west, or backwards from where I was staring.  The movement of the object at this point was unfamiliar to me, and the best way I can describe it was like it had moved at warp speed and now was the size of a needle pinhead in the sky.  It was then that I turned north onto Pacific Avenue from Queen and was unable to further locate the object in the sky.;44.63993125;-123.0923625
