Triangular object observed flying over lake.;2015-11-25 21:00:00;3 minutes;Triangular object observed flying over lake. Around 9:00 PM, I went outside with my dog and decided to walk down a long staircase that leads to a small dock on a lake in Hide-A-Way Hills.  I notice a very bright light shining above the other side of the lake, above the trees.  This is a common occurrence because various airplanes fly over the area.  However, this light was considerably brighter.  At first I thought it might be another plane but it seemed to be taking longer to travel overhead.  In fact, I waited three minutes for the light to fly over the lake.  When it finally did, I noticed that there were no blinking lights, and that the bottom of the craft had small white lights at all three vertices, forming a triangle shape.  There was also a red light in the middle of the craft. The craft made no noise at all and seemed to be flying just above the tree tops. I’d say maybe 300-400 feet in the air.  Most airplanes that fly over are ate a much higher elevation.  As the craft passed by my left side, I made sure to wait for any sounds of a typical airplane, but I just couldn’t hear anything at all.  It’s a very, very still night with a bright full moon. The whole time I was observing the craft looking South.  The craft was traveling North and eventually passed my left side above the tree tops and disappeared over the hill. I should also note that I had just finished watching a comedy prior to going outside.  As soon as I rounded the corner of the house to descend the staircase, the light emerged over the top of the trees on the other side of the lake.  It felt oddly coincidental.  Absolute perfect timing with a clear sky and full moon. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hi! I just recently submitted a report for a sighting in Sugar Grove, OH, regarding a triangular object.  I must have accidentally entered in the wrong date because I witnessed this object on 11/25/2015.  It's currently listed as 9/25/2015.  I was wondering if you could update this report for accuracy when you get a chance? Thanks so much!  ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date corrected on December 04, 2015.  PD));39.6244;-82.5352
