Black pentagonal or hexagonal shaped craft were seen in Benson AR. off highway 10.;2007-11-15 03:00:00;5-10 minutes;Black pentagonal or hexagonal shaped craft were seen in Benson AR. off highway 10. The time was around 3 AM. They were of a black hexagon or pentagonal shape and moved as though someone was just telling it to move with their mind. It was that fluid, like a fish in water. These ships seemed to attach to one another like magnets to form a bigger craft or literally attach to a large craft the size of a football field. Once connected they moved together across the night sky with few white lights to simulate stars. One of these craft from 10 to fifteen feet in length floated down in front of my van traveling down highway ten, about ten miles out of Phoenix in Benson AR heading toward the New Mexico border. It felt as though it wanted me to see it because it stopped and followed in front of my moving van traveling around 70 mph with precision. It then proceeded to float over a nearby building and hovered as I past. I lost a bit of time because it seemed like a déjà vu and I saw the same thing twice as though my van was put back a half mile. I ke! pt looking at it through the passenger side window and it twirled while something from the bottom telescopically came out and went back in. It had one singular white light. I tried to get my camera out but it was out of battery power and we had no cell phone. It took off like a helicopter does from a hovering position over the building, but it was completely silent and with ease it took no more than a few seconds for it to join with the others off over the distant mountains. It was a bright moonlit sky so we could see the siloutes of the craft in the distance. I was with a friend who can verify this story as well. He mentioned that it could have been some kind of government military experiments. I said I don't think so.  We continued down the road and there was a makeshift checkpoint in which some military guys asked us questions about what was in our van, but it seemed strange to be checking for fruits or plants at 3:30 AM. I had very strange dreams and a vision during the incident. I could see the Nordic type being in the ship and my van on a small screen traveling down the highway. That was about the time I felt the missing time.;31.9883;-110.2941
