Hovering disc seen by two.;2005-07-15 00:30:00;15 minutes;Hovering disc seen by two. My friend was giving me a ride home from work. As we entered my road and drove about a 1/4 mile we noticed what looked like a large light bar over the wood line on the eastern side of the road.As we drove closer the lights began to flash and change colors, so my friend began flashing his high beam/low beam from the clicker on the floor of his truck.   The [light bar] began imitating,or responding to his lights by flashing brighter and softer. We drove past the part of the woods where the object was and it began to slowly parallel our travel, while maintaining it's same distance from the road.  I urged my friend to attempt getting in front of the object, so we accelerated and got ahead of it about 500 yards on an east/west road.  We exited the truck and stood behind it whispering excitedly as the lights came closer and closer to our location.  It actually seemed to 'steer'towards our direction,as it approached.  When it was about 75 yards away it stopped over a small pond and just hovered there.  We could then see that it was a disc shaped craft approx. 30 feet in diameter. It began to move towards us once more after a minute or so,and flew directly over our heads,I'd guess about 50-60 feet above us.  There was a smaller circular light area on the bottom of it and it made a barely audible whooshing sound as it passed overhead. Here is where it began 'showing off'.  It was almost past us overhead when it suddenly shot forward about a half mile then stopped, then shot forward again maybe another mile and stopped,once more skipped and stopped then shot out of view in an incredible display of power and speed. This is the strangest part of all,the whole encounter seemed to take 15-20 minutes, but when we got back in the truck,almost 4 hours had gone by.  My friend insists that we were taken aboard,  I have no recollection of that happening. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));41.7451;-80.3499
