Two orange fireballs moving over Beavercreek Ohio for approx 30 minutes.;2013-09-01 21:00:00;30 minutes;Two orange fireballs moving over Beavercreek Ohio for approx 30 minutes 										September 1, 2013 9:00pm:  My daughter and I stepped out to go to the trail around the duckpond when she was the first one to notice an orb that looked like a fireball in the sky (approx. 250 degree’s SW/W per compass).  We both watched as it just hovered, neither making sound nor moving.  Then slowly it began to glide north.  It looked like an orange ball of fire with some green in it.  It flickered like fire, then seemed to fizzle out much like the flame does on a candle wick.  It reappeared once or twice before completely disappearing.  From the time we first went outside and saw this thing to the time it disappeared was less than 5 minutes.  We then proceeded to drive to the duckpond, but as we were in route the orb reappeared, it flickered then shot up in the sky and disappeared. Once we arrived at the duckpond  (a 5 minute drive) the orb reappeared and this time a second one accompanied it.  One seemed slightly larger than the other, but both looked like balls of fire in the sky.  Their ! distance from each other never changed, but their altitudes did, gliding smoothly and silently, one higher than the other, both moving at what looked like the same slow speed.  Both orbs intermittently disappeared and reappeared, but finally the bottom orb never reappeared, leaving the orb with the higher altitude, the original larger orb, to glide silently across the sky for miles until it fizzled out and disappeared.  Our entire experience lasted approximately 30 minutes.  Our neighbor’s son also saw it and he described the ball as being a red ball of fire.  I tried to take video of the phenomenon but could not get video to work until orbs disappeared.  I was able to get 3 pictures of poor quality. Approximately a year ago my daughter and I saw what looked like the same ball of fire in the same part of the sky.  We just got home from the grocery store and stared at it as it first hovered, then slowly glided north and dimmed until its light went out.;39.69994;-84.07076
7 fireballs in the sky over Beavercreek, Ohio.;2013-09-01 21:00:00;10 minutes;7 fireballs in the sky over Beavercreek, Ohio. I saw 7 fireballs in the sky.  They all appeared coming from the south and southwest heading towards the northeast.  The appeared over the horizon and moved/ascended quickly.  The lights were a solid orange and did not blink.  The fireballs also did not make any noise as the flew over.;39.69994;-84.07076
