Bright quarter Moon-shaped object over a ridge top, entirely lit up over and over, almost like a series of photos in the sky.;2002-12-31 17:25:00;2 minutes;Bright quarter Moon-shaped object over a ridge top, entirely lit up over and over, almost like a series of photos in the sky. Although in the above question box I said this object was a chevron, it would be like a chevron stood on its end.  This object was like a quarter Moon, with the filled in portion of the Moon at the lower left side.   It was a bright white light and its movement was in a jerky fashion, or at least my visibility of it was jerky.  It was like a series of snapshots in the sky.   Always moving in the same direction, always the same altitude (just over the top of a ridge about 500 feet tall).  In comparison to trees, it eventually went behind the object must have been at least 25 feet high, maybe 50. It was almost as tall as the trees.   Finally (which was not fast), it disappeared behind the trees, continuing on in the same direction and speed (which was not fast).   I moved out in the yard to follow it and I could see the light from it behind the trees.   I was outside to warm up the car prior to my wife and I going out for the evening.   It made no sound at all.;43.4516;-90.7634
Bright quarter Moon-shaped object over a ridge top, entirely lit up over and over, almost like a series of photos in the sky.;2014-12-31 17:25:00;2 minutes;Bright quarter Moon-shaped object over a ridge top, entirely lit up over and over, almost like a series of photos in the sky. We had a dinner reservation at 5:30 PM on New Year's Eve, so at 5:25 PM I went outside to get the car started and warm.  It was dark.  On the way to the car I saw an object looking like a quarter moon with the bottom left corner filled in.   The object moved over a hillside, just over the top of the hill.  It finally went behind the trees but I could still see the light from it.  It was almost as large as the trees.   The object moved in a jerky fashion, almost like I was looking at a series of photographs projected in the sky, in first a westward direction, and later north, behind the trees on top of the hill.   I watched it for about 30 seconds from the driveway, and then when it disappeared behind the trees I walked out in the yard where I could still see the light it made for a few more seconds.  It was not the moon, which was in the western sky.;43.4516;-90.7634
