Numerous red orbs moving north over the ocean;2011-07-21 21:30:00;20 - 30 minutes;Numerous red orbs moving north over the ocean My wife and I were on vacation with her parents in Bethany Beach, Delaware.  Her parents and I were sitting on the porch facing the ocean.   Around 9:30 or so I saw a single red/orange light in the sky moving south to north along the coast over the water.  I commented on it to my wife and mother in law, at that point we did not think too much of it.  Shortly after that there were more of them.   As we watched for the next 20 minutes or so, there had to have been at least 30 of these lights one after another moving up the coast, some singly, some in groups.  Some of them were red/orange in color as reported on this page, occasionally there would be one that was closer to yellow in color.   None of us had a camera capable of taking a good image of the lights though.  My father in law thought perhaps they were some sort of lighted balloon part of some sort of celebration, but seeing this page I am not so sure.  I’m not sure at all what they were or could have been.  But I figured after reading some of these reports, I’d share what we saw.;38.5314;-75.0679
Hovering double sphere shape bright metalic craft just under the cloud ceiling on Delaware shore;2012-06-27 13:00:00;1.5 hours;Hovering double sphere shape bright metalic craft just under the cloud ceiling on Delaware shore This sighting was a daytime sighting on June 27th 2012 about 2:00 pm over the beach at Delaware Seashore State Park.  I was laying on my back on the beach with my wife next to me when I saw what looked like a star in the sky. I noticed that the object was below the clouds. I realized that the object was not a star and I got the binoculars which I had with me and sighted in the object. Wow, I had a clear view of a silver object which looked like two balls stuck together.  I told my wife about it and she also was able to see it with the binoculars.  We watched it for over an hour as it hovered over the beach.  About 3:00 pm the object began getting smaller. I belive it was rising.  There were no clouds near the object at this time.  About ten minutes later the object began moving westward towards the sun.  I was not able to follow it any longer due to the brightness of the sun.;38.5314;-75.0679
Four hovering orange/red fireballs sighted above Bethany Beach, DE, around 10:15pm on Saturday, October 20, 2012.;2012-10-20 22:15:00;15 minutes;Four hovering orange/red fireballs sighted above Bethany Beach, DE, around 10:15pm on Saturday, October 20, 2012. About 10:15pm on Saturday, Oct 20, I walked from my house to the beach in Sussex Shores, just north of Bethany Beach, DE.  While I was sitting on the beach, just next to the dunes, looking south, I noticed three spherical red/orange lights hovering in the sky in a triangle formation, at what I guessed to be a distance of a mile south of me, about a hundred yards out over the ocean, in front of the Bethany Beach boardwalk.  The bottom of the ‘triangle’ was one red/orange light the other two lights were higher.  If I held my arm straight out in front of me and made a fist, the lights were about the same size as my fist. I noticed them because they were stationary at first, just hovering in place, and I wondered what kind of aircraft they were.  When they didn’t move for a while (a minute?), I started to pay closer attention to them.  They didn’t make any sound. Soon they started slowly shifting their position vis-à-vis one another, so they created a kind of diagonal line, with respect to the horizon.  At that point I noticed a fourth sphere much closer to the ground, hovering just above the beach, much closer to me, at a distance of probably half a mile. I didn’t feel particularly afraid, or threatened, but I didn’t want to stick around there all alone, so I started walking fast, back to my house.  As I walked, I kept my eye on the lights, and noticed that they seemed to be moving away from me, too, at a very fast pace.  By the time I reached my house (about half a block from the dunes), the lights looked like four tiny red dots of light flying away, into space.  I quickly climbed up to my roof deck and watched them until they disappeared from view.;38.5314;-75.0679
