Narrow, long object with 3 green lights (top row), 3 red lights (bottom row).;2014-03-20 20:00:00;20-25 seconds;Narrow, long object with 3 green lights (top row), 3 red lights (bottom row). Statement 1st person: On March 20, 2014 at approximately 8:00 pm, I saw a UFO in Jordan, Minnesota.  I saw it with my mom and dad.  My mom and dad were watching TV when my mom spotted something in the sky.  She called me over and we looked.  The UFO was towards the East, and it was a little lower than a normal plane would fly.  It was a circular disk with three green lights and three red lights in a row.  It was about the size of 1/3 of the moon. The lights were three times the size of an airplane’s lights.  It hovered up, down, back and forth in a strange routine.  It stayed there for about 20 seconds, hovering in different positions.  When it left, it looked as if it was diving.  It was lowering away slowly, but then dashed away very quickly before it disappeared from our point of view.  It looked like it lowered behind the house across the street, yet I felt it was miles away. Statement 2nd person: I live in Jordan, MN. On March 20, 2014, approximately 8:00 pm, my wife and I were in our family room watching TV.  I had just gotten up from the couch and was walking to the kitchen when my wife yelled, Look at this!  I turned and noticed she was looking out our windows toward the East.  I looked immediately out our dining room patio door also towards the East.  What I saw was three very bright green lights and next to that three red lights.  All were very intense, and the object seemed to be suspended.  The object was approx. 20 degrees above my plane of vision and appeared to be very close, like it was in the neighboring development just above the house that is across the pond in our backyard.   But it wasn’t close, I would say the object was 1/3 the size of a full moon from my perspective. As I watched it, it tilted slightly, then dipped only to come back to the same level it had been at.  This happened a few times, all the while those 3 green and 3 red lights were extremely bright, I would say 3 to 4 times the size of a landing light on a plane, and by the way, I am a private pilot, licensed since 1996, so I am familiar with airplanes and what they look like in the sky, this was no airplane.  One of the times it tilted and dipped, I saw what appeared as a circular gray shadow underneath the lights, also there was a red flashing light underneath.  This whole thing lasted maybe 20 seconds. The last thing I saw was the lights fell away to the right and continued until they were out of sight, blocked by the house behind ours.  The rate at which it descended was smooth and very quick.  Our house is approx 30 miles South West of MSP airport, and we always have airplane traffic visible to the East on a SW heading, again, I am use to seeing the rate at which they pass by our house while they are climbing to altitude.  The object moved down and away at a rate at least 5 times that speed. Statement 3rd person:  I live in Jordan, Minnesota approximately 35 miles Southwest from Minneapolis. I often look out our Living Room windows facing East to watch the planes from the MSP airport fly past our home.  Tonight, March 20th, 2014, at dusk, I looked out the window and about 200 yards away, above our neighbor’s house I saw an object hovering in the air with extremely bright lights.  The long, horizontal shape had a top layer of three greenish-blue lights and a bottom layer of three red lights.  My husband, also curious about these lights, opened the patio door to listen for sound.  I thought as close as this thing looked to our neighbor’s house, we should be able to hear it but it was quiet. To help you gauge the size If you hold your arm out straight and flex your hand, (palm away), the size of each light was comparable to a pinky fingernail.  Then, your arm still stretched, tuck your thumb and pinky finger into the palm of your hand and the width of this object in the sky would be comparable to your three middle fingers held tight together. The object would move a little to the left/downward and then be steady, it moved like this a few times.  The next movement convinced me these lights were not a standard item you see in the sky.  If you can imagine the shape of a banana, the lights tilted and dipped in an arch shape movement and then hovered again at a lower level in the sky. This movement was extremely abrupt, then steady.  The object then glided swiftly at an angle (downward) and we lost sight of it behind the neighbors house.  We saw these lights in the sky for about 20-25 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with two of the three witnesses, and they sounded to us to be exceptiongally eloquent and sober-minded.  We suspect that all of the witnesses are exceptionally capable, and have reported here quite accurately.  PD));44.6713;-93.6195
