Way cool but I was not expecting to see a UFO in the night sky over my ranch.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of star?  PD));2004-08-15 23:00:00;15 minutes;Way cool but I was not expecting to see a UFO in the night sky over my ranch, especially sure it was definitely not one of ours. I was spending the weekend at my ranch 20miles south of Junction, Texas and as usual before bed, I spent some time star gazing. My wife and children were already asleep in the cabin and my friend and his wife were asleep in the travel trailer.  I noticed an odd light in the sky, flashing blue, red and green. I got my 10X binoculars from the truck and steadied my view of the lights by leaning against the cabin. Under magnification, I could see a disk shaped object in the western sky. It reminded me of watching the tail lights of a distant car, because I was able to see an object amidst the lights.  As I watched, it seemed that the lights weren't just flashing, but where actually rotating around the exterior of the object. There also seemed to be a haze or gas around it.  After 10 miniutes of awe, I realized that no one would believe me without a witness, so I woke up my wife and asked her to come look at something interesting in the sky. She saw it immediately even without the help of binoculars and told me it was a flying saucer. She also noticed what appeared to be occaisional lightning like effects coming out from it.  We watched it for another 5 minutes together before remembering that we had other adults who could witness it.  I ran over and woke up my friend, telling him there was a phenomenone that I needed his opinion of.  It took him a couple of minutes to get his shoes and pants on, and followed a few steps behind me over to the shadow spot behind the cabin where my wife was still focused on the object.  As I got to the spot where it was visible through the trees, at that moment, the bright object 'winked out'. Both my wife and I gasped because it was just gone.  My friend rounded the cabin, looked up and asked what the fuss was about because he did not see anything at all. 30 seconds later, the object and light pattern re-appeared, only this time, it looked like it had moved straight out into space and was now very tiny. My wife and I were a bit shaken up at this sight. My friend was just unhappy I had woken him up to look at a wierd star. What I saw was no star.  The next weekend, it was not there and I've never seen it again, either. I do not drink or smoke pot. I cannot explain what it was other than to say I saw something interesting that night. As far as I'm concerned, I saw a UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We wonder whether the witnesses might have been looking at a bright, twinkling star, although that is just a guess.  We do not know what it was they observed.  PD));30.4754;-99.7473
