Orange light in the sky over Patton PA... appeared twice.;2011-07-03 21:24:00;2 minutes total;Orange light in the sky over Patton PA... appeared twice. 	On Sunday, July 3rd, 2011, my family and I were at a relative's house awaiting the start of the township fireworks scheduled for this evening (Patton, PA).  My daughter and I were looking in the sky for fireworks the locals were setting off early.   At approximately 9:24 PM, we noticed an orange'ish light far away in the sky, just being able to be seen above the trees in front of us.  This would have been witness in the East direction, which we viewed in the direction of the football stadium.  It appeared red'ish then seemed to be more of an orange color as it became more visible.   We observed this orange light coming in our direction but still high in the sky and far away.  At first it appeared to maybe be a helicopter.  But as we watched this object, it seemed to stop in mid air and get extremely bright, then it went back into the distant darkness of the sky and faded away.   Again, a few minutes later at 9:30 PM, this same object appeared again and brighter!  This object was in the same vicinity of the last appearance.   Our family stood there and watched to see what this object was going to do.  I am sure most of the town witnessed this because everyone was waiting for the local firework display to begin (which did so almost an hour later).   I immediately took pictures with my iphone and filmed a video (this is all I had on me and the quality is not that good).  Four of us observed this (2 more were on the porch) and questioned what this is.    Again, the light slow changed directions and disappeared into the far distance of the sky.   I can say that this was not a helicopter because I live near the local hospital and witness helicopters take off and land all the time.  I am also ruling out that this was a latern or flare in the sky due to the fact that this object was in almost the same exact location both times and did not seem to be affected by the wind patterns.   This object used a steady movement to glide across the sky in th! e direction it traveled before coming to an immediate stop..  I have never seen anything on a balloon stop and pause in the air for over a minute before moving again.   This also could not have been a firework display since it did not come from the surface and travel into the sky as a firework does... this thing came out of the sky at a distance. Since last weekend, I have seen some military helicopters flying around the area but I am guessing this is just a routine thing around here, as I have seen military helicopters at the Johnstown and Ebensburg airports practice maneuvers in the sky.   I just thought this should be documented.;40.6253;-78.6378
Orange light in the sky;2011-07-03 21:30:00;2 minutes;Orange light in the sky On Sunday, July 3rd, 2011, my family and myself was at her grandfather's house awaiting the start of the township fireworks scheduled for this evening (Patton, PA).  My daughter and I were looking in the sky for fireworks the locals were setting off early.   We noticed an orange'ish light far away in the sky, just being able to be seen above the trees in front of us.  We observed this orange light coming in our direction.  At first it appeared to maybe be a helicopter.  But upon watching more of this, it stopped and seemed to be motionless for about a minute or so, then faded away back into the dark sky.  Again, a few minutes later, this same object appeared again and brighter.   I immediately took pictures with my iphone and filmed a video (this is all I had on me and the quality is not that good).  Four of us observed this and questioned what this is.  Again, the light slow changed directions and disappeared.  I can say that this was not a helicopter because I live near the local hospital and witness helicopters takeoff and land all the time.  Since last weekend, I have seen some military helicopter flying around the area but I am not sure if this is just a routine procedure. This is not the first time I have witnessed UFO activity this year.  Again, almost 2 months ago in Warfordsburg, PA, I had 2 witnesses with me at the end of my shift at work and we witnessed lights moving in and out of the tree line, changing directions and changing colors..  Then slowing flying away like normal aircraft.   My coworker became freaked out but I was excited since I have been hoping to see ufo activity for years.   This same phenomenon occurred several times before the night sky became quiet.  Night staff workers told me they have witness this many times in the past. ((NUFORC Note:  Correct date is July 03rd.  We have corrected the date above.  PD));40.6253;-78.6378
