Triangular shaped craft with three dimmly lit lights on the bottom of it and It was following something on the interstate going south.;2003-11-15 22:00:00;15 seconds;Triangular shaped craft with three dimmly lit lights on the bottom of it and It was following something on the interstate going south. Me and my girlfriend and our two freinds were watching a movie one night and I decided to take a smoke break. I was about half way done with my smoke and for some reason I looked straight up in the sky and just as I did I saw a very vivid triangular craft. It was very cloudy and overcast that night. The only way someone else could have seen It was if they were looking straight up. Anyway, it was a very large craft and it was moving very slowly following the interstate I-65 going south like it was following something on the Interstate. It had three distinct circular lights on the bottom of the craft which was flat. The craft was black in color. I could not say for sure how high up this thing was but If it would have been a jet It would have shook the place at that altitude. I remember hearing a lot of traffic (tractor trailers) on the interstate that were heading south. This thing whatever it was, I believe was following trucks on the interstate for some reason. Maybe Military? Transport of nuclear waste? After I spotted it I yelled at everyone to come outside and look and by that time it had dissapeared into the clouds. This thing had no flashing lights on it anywhere. Just the three dimmly lit lights on the bottom. I saw two or three aircraft in the area to the south but I never saw the craft again. Like I said it was very overcast and this thing was using the clouds as cover. The clouds were very low to the ground that night. It was only visible for about 15 seconds due to the cover of the clouds. I dont think this was a little green man ship. My thoughts are It was top secret military craft that was watching or protecting something that was being transported on the interstate in tractor trailer trucks. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.8166765765765;-86.9427522522523
Triangle shape object moving silently passed directly over my head.;2006-11-22 21:00:00;approx 2 minutes;Triangle shape object moving silently passed directly over my head. Driving a familiar route just outside of the city, around nine in the evening I noticed a light in the sky. At first sight I thought of  an antenna light, but this light was much too bright. As I approached the end of the road I was on I realized that the light was very close. I was at a T section where the road I was on ended at a small county road. There’s a house directly across from where I was stopped at the stop sign. The light looked to be directly over the house. I thought it looked kind of like the house owners had installed a flood light on an antenna, but the light was much too bright it looked as if it were a couple hundred feet above the house at most.. I got out of my car to study the light. The light the slowly rose maybe another hundred feet or so stopped climbing and began to move forward towards me at a very slow rate. As the light passed directly over me I could make out the shape, it had 3 points that I could make out (like a 3 point star) with a few dimmer lights on the underside of it. The bright light that I had been seeing seemed to be on the front side of the object pointing straight ahead. The object was only a few hundred feet above me at most. There was absolutely no sound what so ever from the object. The object continued on its course for about a minute when it suddenly changed direction and speed away at a very high rate of speed. It was out of my sight in a matter of seconds. I am very familiar with civilian aircraft as well as many military aircraft. I have never seen anything remotely like this, or any aircraft that was so completely silent. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.8166765765765;-86.9427522522523
2 Triangular aircraft in Athens, AL;2007-02-28 18:00:00;2 min;2 Triangular aircraft in Athens, AL I was comming home around 6pm, and as I was pulling into my carport at the back of my house when I saw 2 triangular aircraft.  I was so startled that I almost hit the carport. I stopped there and got out of my car.  They were almost directly over my head and barely over the tree tops.  They were moving about 10-15 mph.  There were steady lights on each corner with a blinking red light in the middle.  There was no sound!  For an aircraft to be that low and not make any sound is amazing!;34.8166765765765;-86.9427522522523
