Silent, invisible craft, shoots blue beams of light on friend and I.;1982-11-15 20:00:00;1 minute;Silent, invisible craft, shoots blue beams of light on friend and I. In the autumn of between 1980 and 1982 my friend and I witnessed an event that still baffles me to this day.  We were both 12 to 14 at the time and were standing by an open lot next to his house located a hundred yards from my house.  This lot is located on top of a valley that downtown Fremont is located in.  Going from the lot to the bottom of the valley is approximately 40ft.  While standing there talking the trees lining to top of the lot starting moving violently, as though a hard wind was blowing down on them.  A light slowly came up from the valley and was shining through the tree line.  My first thought was that a helicopter was approaching and conveyed this to my friend.  But, there was no noise, the craft, or whatever it was, was completely silent.  As the light approached the top of the tree line it went out and the trees stopped moving.  A few seconds later a blue beam of light (I am getting goose bumps even to this day typing this) shown directl! y on my friend.  The beam of light was perfectly cylindrical in shape, as though a glass tube was directing the light down.  The light shown on him for maybe 2 to 3 seconds and then went out.  A second later the beam of blue light shown on myself but for only for a second, went out and once again shown on my friend for perhaps another second or two and again went out.  There was no indication of a craft.  We did not see the outline of one, hear any noise coming from one, and no indication of a craft leaving the area after the final beam of light.  We were both petrified as we stared at each other for a few seconds.  My friend ran to enter his house, and being dark I was absolutely terrified of the hundred yard run I had to perform to return home.  I immediately proceeded to sprint home faster than I ever have.  I told my mother of the incident but she seemed skeptical at best.  For most of the night I stood at the landing of the stairs looking out the window trying to make ! sense of what had happened.  My mother had to tell me a few ti! mes to g et to bed.  The next morning my mother noticed that I had a peculiar color to my skin, as though I had been sun burnt.  Every exposed area of my skin was visibly red with what appeared to be a light sun burn.  My mother stated that perhaps I did have something unusual happen that night.  My friend also had the same sun burn like pattern on him.   Two weeks later my mother showed me an article in the local newspaper of others seeing strange lights in the night sky although none exactly as the encounter my friend and I had.  My friend and I did not speak of the incident again until we were in our late 20’s.;41.3499;-83.1131
Two large bright lights in midnight sky.;2010-09-06 21:01:00;5 minutes;Two large bright lights in midnight sky. My sister and I were outside of our house when all the sudden, a white light appeared in the clouds, it then seemed to split into to two lights, that or there was a light behind it that moved.   It then stopped moving and stayed there for 2 minutes,there also was an unexplanable sound in the distance. After that we both went inside for a minute, but when we came back out it was gone.;41.3499;-83.1131
10 very high white lights in a single file formation 8 to 10 degrees apart.  ((Spacelink satellites));2020-03-07 19:30:00;4 minutes;10 very high white lights in a single file formation 8 to 10 degrees apart. Observed 10 white lights in a single file formation flying from south west to north east.  Lights appeared to be very high and about 8 to 10 degrees apart   They appeared south west from Fremont Ohio and were travelling north east towards Cleveland or Toronto..From my viewing site, they all appeared to fly right past Venus.  Possibly fighter jets - commercial aircraft wouldn't be that close. ;41.3499;-83.1131
