The meteor that was sighted over Mich. and Oh.;1999-11-16 19:04:00;1.5 min.;The meteor that was sighted over Mich. and Oh. I drive a truck at night picking up freight for a major appliance maker I was at a wharehouse picking up a load and I got out to open my trailer doors. After opening them, I was heading back to the cab of the truck. A bright light had captured my attention. I looked up and saw what I thought to be a comet or meteor. I was rather excited to see it coming right over me. I noticed as it went overhead its color was similar to burning copper. It was traveling rather slow. About the same speed as a small propeller aircraft. In its tail was sparks such as a chain being dragged along the road, or as some fireworks give off. I climbed in the truck and got on my c.b. and tried to talk to a friend of mine, but there was nothing. No static or other truckers talking. I thought there was a problem with my c.b., but when the meteor passed the chatter came back. There were other truckers taking about the meteor and that they had also experienced a brief radio blackout. I got back to the factory to deliver my load (which is 8 miles away) and I was telling another driver about the meteor. She had said that it caught her eye as she was backing to a loading dock and her c.b. went quiet also.;41.3499;-83.1131
Black hot air balloon shaped object that didn't appear to move. Stayed same shape, size and apparent direction of Toledo, OH/Lake Erie;2015-09-27 17:45:00;15 minutes ?;Black hot air balloon shaped object that didn't appear to move. Stayed same shape, size and apparent direction of Toledo, OH/Lake Erie I saw what appeared to be a giant black hot air balloon hovering motionlessly in the distance. I'm not sure where I was en route to Toledo, OH, on I-90W, but I asked the toll guard at the Rte 75 exit -  where I could still see it straight ahead, What is that? Is that a BLACK hot air balloon?  She looked out of the toll booth, looking behind her to where I was pointing and said, I guess it could be. I drove off, mumbling to an uninterested, tired daughter.  On a stormy, scattered shower Sunday evening?  Pure black?  No flags, color? Never seeming to raise or lower at all, nor change direction? It had to be immense. It looked the same size and angle for miles.  I last saw it after I have exited and drove S of Perrysburg, OH on 475W/23N and it appeared to be due North, so either it moved West to North while appearing stationary, or it was over Lake Erie the whole time and I was watching it as I wrapped around from west of Fremont, towards Toledo.  My 6 y/o just assumed it was a hot air balloon - Can we go ride ojn one some day? but it was too huge, if it was...and seemingly stationary, and evenly pitch black. I have to think SOMEONE driving West on the busy Ohio Turnpike other than us may have seen it and wondered.  So unassuming unless you really think about the size, unchanging color, image and stationary position that made me think about stopping to take a picture, but not wanting to be alarmist or impede getting home. Just not right. Hoping someone else got a photo.;41.3499;-83.1131
