Blimp object a UFO?;2003-12-02 17:52:00;?;Blimp object a UFO? We were in the car driving my brother to college when I looked off to the right out of the window and saw what I assumed to be a weird, blimp. Everything else in the city was pitch black but the object was grayish and it seemed like it had light on it or init.  I turned to my stepfather who was also in the car and told him i just saw a ufo. Me being the ufo lover I am, my brother didnt bother looking but my stepdad did. He too saw what he describes as a saucer kind of shape that was silver in color and had a had a light blinking on top.  We only saw it for a few seconds then it was blocked by hills.      It could have easily been a blimp but when we came back to check ten minutes later we saw nothing. And when we saw it before it was not moving. UFO? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  Object may have been blimp, but we cannot be certain.  PD));34.1965959641256;-118.837579372197
Bright blue flare enters atmosphere, quickly shifts horizontal, gains altitude for 7 secs, blinks blue 24 times while descending fully;2008-08-23 22:45:00;30 secs;Bright blue flare enters atmosphere, quickly shifts horizontal, gains altitude for 7 secs, blinks blue 24 times while descending fully Thousand Oaks, CA.   We were on a hike at 10:45pm at the Southern end of Moorpark Ave, half way up the bench trail.  While looking North , a friend and I noticed a large meteor with a cobalt blue flare, which entered the atmosphere from East to West at about a 130 degree angle, one of the most large flares that I have ever witnessed. It seemed to burn out briefly however reignited at the same intensity, which caught our attn (since normally you would expect a meteor to burn out).  However while still approaching the horizon at a fast speed, we’re thinking it’s going to hit the ground, however the blue flare suddenly shifted horizontally (cardinal West) and faded to an faint orange dot (similar in size to viewing a satellite in orbit with the naked eye). Visibility was great since we were well removed from any city lights the Milky Way was faintly visible, which for So Cal Suburbs is normally rare. This orange dot then reversed completely 180 degrees then arced slowly counterclockwise to 0 degrees and rose in altitude quite a distance(for about 5-7 seconds). More amazingly is when we saw the same cobalt blue flare return (more oval shaped without the entry trail) and blink every second for a total of 24 blinks as it lowered to the horizon and behind a hill between our city and a neighboring community. It was difficult to gauge the distance of the object from us, but looked to be within the local vicinity, possibly as far as Fillmore, directly North.  Not knowing the actual size of this object, this could have been further North, as far as Bakersfield. The total event took all of 40-45 seconds, ending as it lowered behind the mountain range to the North.;34.1965959641256;-118.837579372197
Bright white oval objects caught on camera in Thousand Oaks, CA during daylight...;2010-08-21 12:00:00;30 minutes;Bright white oval objects caught on camera in Thousand Oaks, CA during daylight... Explanation of Events:  Note: This report includes two sightings exactly one week apart from each other in the same location within about 3-5 miles. Have video and pics for the second sighting. Noticed multiple smaller white oval objects after downloading pics to my computer. On Saturday August 14th at around 5:30pm while floating on my back in the swimming pool looking straight up at the sky, my wife and I observed two bright “star-like” objects directly above us. I have always been interested and have observed/studied different aircraft and can usually make out what kind of aircraft in is in the sky.  One of the objects stayed stationary in the sky while the other was moving at a relatively slower speed (and very smoothly through the air) than a typical jet type passenger aircraft and heading south. The moving object seemed to disappear or I just lost visual sight of it after about 5 minutes. The object would speed up and slow down during the 5 minutes of observation. After losing sight of the first moving object, I looked back at the other object and it was still motionless in the sky. It appeared to be a star (Which was strange considering stars are not usually visual during this time of day with the sun still shinning bright) because it was so still in the sky. After what seemed to be 2 minutes, this second object began to move south in the sky as well about the same speed as the first. This object would also speed up then slow down and make slight turns while ultimately keeping a flight path towards the south. After losing sight of this object because of trees, my wife and I went to sit in the spa. Almost immediately after getting into the spa I noticed the object out of the left corner of my eye towards the east of me and was heading north. It seemed the object had made a complete 180 degree turn. The object was a little lower in the sky towards the horizon and was much bigger at this point. It seemed to be a white sphere that was sh! inning bright in the sky. After observing the object heading north for about 5 minutes, we again lost sight of it because of trees obstructing our view. I did not have a camera on me at the time so unfortunately no pictures were taken of these objects. Exactly one week later at 12:00 noon on Saturday August 21, 2010 while walking out to my vehicle, I noticed the same type of bright white “star-like” “orb” object in the distance northern sky (Altitude, size of the object, and distance unknown). I immediately ran into the house to grab my camera and told my wife to come out in order to confirm what I was seeing. She did confirm seeing the object in the sky and I was able to record a video of it as well as take some pictures. Also, something strange happened when I uploaded the pics of the object to my computer. When I zoomed into the object, I noticed many more of these strange White Balls.” These other objects were smaller, but I believe this was due to being further away. After my experience observing these unidentified aerial objects and finding so many other videos and pictures of the same types of aerial objects online from all over the world, I am almost convinced this is something that is extraterrestrial in origin. I am truly amazed at how many other pics and videos from around the world show the same type of objects that my wife and I have observed. It seems out of all the videos and pics I have seen thus far after researching this subject for the past couple of weeks, it seems this type of object shows up more than any other unidentified sightings. Interesting considering just a few weeks ago my wife and I were skeptical of this kind of stuff. We both are highly educated and our brains/minds are “pre-wired” to think logically and in a scientific manner. After going through a process of elimination in our minds, we just can’t seem to find an answer as to what this was. We have researched this thoroughly and have analyzed pictures and v! ideos of other aircraft, weather balloons, and other aerial explainable phenomenon. Answers anyone?;34.1965959641256;-118.837579372197
I was wondering if anyone in Ventura count saw this craft.  At first, I thought it was fireworks display and then a missile;2010-11-05 21:00:00;30 seconds;I was wondering if anyone in Ventura count saw this craft.  At first, I thought it was fireworks display and then a missile  500 Lights While facing North (slightly to the West) towards Ventura, I witnessed the following:  In the distant sky, anywhere from 10 miles or further) a bright while light with various coloration changes appeared.  At first it appeared to be slowly rising on the horizion and then a long red and bluish flame shot out for about 20 seconds from behind and the white light turned slight and shot off toward a southerly direction. Everything about the event appeared to be conventional except two things. First the way the object initially appeared in the sky did not appear to be conventional and secondly I cannot understand why the missile or craft would glow with a bright white.  After the flames were gone you could still see what looked to now be a bright white light disappearing into the night.  We see many planes and helicopters in our area at night and although the lights on the planes and copper are visible, the fuselage/body of the planes are very hard to see.  There were no notable navigational lights on the object either. I was wondering if anyone in Ventura count saw this craft.  At first, I thought it was going to be some type of fireworks display and then when the flames kicked on it looked like a missile and for the record acted just like a missile.  But I am not aware of missiles that have glowing fuselages. I am unsure of the exact time, but it was between 8pm and 10pm.;34.1965959641256;-118.837579372197
