Before last night, I always shook my head and thought everyone who told a UfO/alien story was silly and ridiculous.;2012-09-23 21:00:00;1-2 minutes;Before last night, I always shook my head and thought everyone who told a UfO/ alien story was silly and ridiculous. I am a VERY big skeptic when it comes to this type of thing. But what I saw last night cannot be explained. My friend and I had just picked my brother up from a driver education course at 9:00 pm.  We stopped at a Taco Bueno to get some food on our way home.   As we were driving East on highway 20, we were about four minutes from where it goes from four lanes to two lanes, when I saw two bluish spotlights shining down on the oncoming lanes of traffic. About the same time I saw this, the spotlights rose into a horizontal position, shining on my car when they did.  As the spotlights raised up I saw the underbelly of what seemed to be a trapezoidal middle with two right triangle shaped wings that held the big blue/white spotlights. The wings seemed more like anchors for the spotlights than actual wings.  They were not long and slender like and airplane, but were fat, short, and stocky with the spotlight on the ends.  The underbelly had four or six sets of rectangular greenish yellow panels on the front end and back end.  These panels seemed almost like you could see into the aircraft through them, like they were a type of viewing panels.  I saw these things so very clearly because this aircraft was only about the height of a two or three story building.  This aircraft was also not in flight, it was merely hovering, but it did kind of sway as the spotlights rose. My friend was in the passenger seat and saw the exact same thing I did.  My little brother was in the back seat and from his position he couldn’t really see it.  My friend reminded me to pay attention to driving as the aircraft seemed to be preparing to fly forward.  As we drove past it I could no longer see the craft and told my brother to try to get a look.  My brother caught a glimpse of the bluish lights, but he did not see any detail. This aircraft made absolutely no noise.  We did not have the raidio on at all in the car and as soon as we saw it we didn’t say anything but hushed “are you seeing this?” and my brother’s quieted questions of what we were looking at.  If this thing had made a noise, like any craft that close to us would, we would have heard it. Upon returning home I described this sighting to my mother, she sat down with us and we all explained in detail what happened. In the middle of my description, my mother gasped and covered her mouth. She quickly told me that as she was peeking out of the blinds, hoping to see our headlights (she was worried because us stopping to get food took longer than she expected), she saw something she had shrugged off as probably her imagination at the time. She saw a bluish spotlight shining up and then down our driveway and disappear. She didn’t see any cars before or after this light and she swore it was not any kind of headlight reflection or anything, it was like a light being shown from the sky. I called my boyfriend who is an Intel analyst for the military and he assured me there is no aircraft in our military that is like the one I described. I welcome anyone who thinks they have a reasonable explanation, but so far I have found none.;36.2862;-95.8227000000001
