Two oddly lit craft, one following the other, disappear from view on a clear cloudless night.;2018-07-11 23:55:00;20 seconds;Two oddly lit craft, one following the other, disappear from view on a clear cloudless night. Saw something kinda weird last night.  I really enjoy sitting on my back porch on warm clear nights and just watch the sky.  To me it's much better than TV.  I watch for satellites (21 last night, a record) and meteors (only two but...) I see lots of airplanes as well.  Of course you can tell them by their flashing beacons, sometimes you can make out the green/red lights as well.  Normally, and I mean almost always, you see one and you can watch it cross the sky until it either goes behind a tree or a house or just slowly gets dimmer and dimmer until it totally fades from view on the horizon. It was getting late, near midnight and my eyes were getting tired but I believe that I saw what I saw.  Looking to the southeast, probably forty to fifty degrees off the horizon, near the star, Altair, I noticed a sort of oddly lit plane with at least four white-ish lights flickering on and off what I would call randomly, about once per second.  It was odd looking but nothing that I thought was totally out of the ordinary.  The lights were not real bright but this meant to me that the object was at a very high altitude.  It was moving very slightly south of due west at a speed consistent with a high altitude aircraft.  Again, not real note-worthy. But then I noticed a second identical object following the first.  (If you held a ruler out at arms length then the second was about two or three inches behind the first.)  Even this was not that surprising to me as I've logged a lot of hours out there skywatching and seen lots of aircraft.  I assumed that if I watched long enough that I would realize that they only seemed to be in a straight line and that in time one would be headed in a slightly different direction. What I didn't expect was for the first object to disappear.  It just kind of faded away in a second or two.  I kept waiting for it to reappear after I refocused (again, my eyes were tired) but no.  It was gone.  This got my attention.  I could still see the second object for a few seconds...and then IT disappeared as well. The entire event, from the time I noticed the first then the second object, to the time they were both gone lasted maybe 20 seconds.  Not the weirdest thing I've ever seen while skywatching...but pretty close.;36.2862;-95.8227000000001
