it was round and glowing like a full moon, the color was sort of a white or gray;1973-09-10 17:00:00;3 hours overall approx.;I was 7 at the time of the sighting. I was riding my bike on our street when I looked at our house and noticed green smoke above our house. I told my cousin who was 6 and in the front yard. I went in the house and told my mother about it. I remember she was frying chicken and at first did not believe me but she finally came outside with me and saw the same thing. The smoke had almost all faded away when this object apeared out of nowhere above our house. It looked close enough you could have thrown a rock up at it and hit it. I assume we were looking up at the bottom of it, it was round and glowing like a full moon, the color was sort of a white or gray, it looked metalic. I remember there were several neighbors around  that saw it. My father came home and he saw it, I remember him saying come on down here and my mother telling him to shutup. It suddenly disapeared before our eyes, I don't think it vanished but it just moved away very fast. After it vanished the green smoke apeared again and then slowly faded away. It repeated this again later, maybe an hour, im not sure, my mother had called the police, but it had vanished again by the time they got there. She even called Keesler Air Force Base to see if there was any weather balloons out or anything and they said no. I remember later the same night the door bell started ringing rappidly and it was 2 teenage girls very scared saying that they had seen a ufo but it was not above our house like we had seen it was a little distance from them and they could see the side of it, I remember them saying it had blinking lights around the side, I dont remember what colors and they said it was moving and an airplane was moving toward it and it suddenly disapeared. Later after the girls left, we were looking up in the air in the front yard and we saw a a orange colored streak in the air above us but this looked a great distance in the air, high or higher than an airplane, the object making the streak was round and also looked orange and then it looked like it made a couple of small circles and the object got smaller and smaller and disapeared.The object never made a sound any of the times we saw it. I was only 7 at the time but it seemed like it was a couple days later when the Pascagoula ufo incident occured where the 2 men where abducted by aliens. I sometimes tell people what I saw, some believe me and others get a laugh out of it, but I don't get mad at them because if I hadn't seen it I might be sceptical about ufo's and life on other planets.. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));30.4782774193548;-88.5094258064516
