A dual-colored, egg shaped object, streaks into view and hovers directly overhead for several seconds.;2006-09-15 03:00:00;5 seconds;A dual colored, egg shaped object, streaks into view and hovers directly overhead for several seconds. To Whom it May Concern:  I am writing you to file a UFO sighting report that is long overdue. Ive always had a great interest in the UFO phenomenon but never actually had a sighting of my own.  Not one that I was 100% certain about anyway.  I really wasnt aware that MUFON had such a widespread network until recently, and I really hadnt considered how important it is for individuals to report such sightings so the data can be documented until now.   This occured sometime in the summer of 2006. Im estimating it was around August of that year.  I was at a friends house in Barnesville, Pa which is approximately an hours travel (by automobile) South of Scranton, Pa.  We actually had a small 3 piece band at the time and were practicing late at night in his home studio.  This location was ideal for late night rehersals due to the lack of any really close neighbors.  There arent any street lamps near the area, or at least at that time there werent.  So the night sky was awe inspiring.  I was always taken back when I was there at night because all the stars were so visible with no light pollution. Anyway, we decided to take a short break and I stepped outside the front door onto the porch area for a ciggarette.  I stepped out from under the roof a few steps and just as a began to look upwards I noticed a streak of light enter my perifreal vision from my left.  As I looked upward it stopped suddenly and abruptly, going from an extremely high rate of speed, to a dead stop in an instant.  It was directly overhead at an altitude I'd have to guess would be maybe 1500 -2000 feet.  At that altitude the object was slightly larger than my thumbnail held at arms length looking upward at the sky. I'd always expected, if I ever was to have a UFO sighting, to see a disc shaped craft.  Well, this was not disc shaped.  It looked more egg shaped.  Almost as if you were to take a Tylenol capsule and hold it in the air.  The division of its coloration was also the same.  The rear half was green and the front half was red.  Divided 50/50.  Both the front and rear of this object seemed to counter rotate. I got this impression because there was a dry ice like vapor lingering around the rear (greenish) part of the object as it hovered.  The entire length of time it hovered was about 3 seconds or less and seemed to bobble ever so slightly during this time.  I just had registered the thought of yelling for my other friend just inside when it zipped off over the horizon to my right.  I just began to get the first uttering of words from my mouth when this happened.  What I was trying to say was Man, you are not gunna believe this.  But I never quite got it out.  By the time my friend got outside it was long gone. I know absolutely what I saw without any doubt. I've been an artist and a musician my entire life and pay great attention to subtle details commonly overlooked. I guess you can say a photographic memory to an extent. I hope this report and it's documentation helps you in some way. I've always been curious to know if there are other reports like mine, with the same type of description. I myself, haven't heard many. If you have any information you can forward me of similar sightings in the area I'd be excited to check it out. I appreciate your time in reading my report and greatly appreciate the work you and your collegues do on a day to day basis. If I can be of ANY assistance to you or your cause, please don't hesitate to contact me either by Email or phone.  Sincerely, ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.814;-76.0563
