It was basically a ball of pulsating light, there was no wings, no rotors, and discernable body or fuselage.;1992-07-01 01:00:00;30 minutes;In the summer of 1992, two friends and I witnessed a UFO in Willsboro NY. My father owns a house on Lake Champlain in Willsboro bay. We were up at night sitting on the back deck of my father’s boat house. It was a very quite and still night, there was a heavy overcast, but at a high altitude. I noticed what I thought was a plane at that time, flying across the sky from west to east, and at first I thought nothing of it. But it turned around and went back from east to west and behind the mountains there. The light came out again and flew the same pattern, going from east to west and then turning around. The third time it came out I took notice because I thought it odd that this, what I thought was a plane at that time, was flying in circles. I was aware that there was an air force fuel depot directly under where this object was flying. This is directly north of Skagarack Mountain on the shore of Lake Champlain. So I mentioned all this to the guys I was with and I think we thought it was a government plane and one of us came up with the idea to flash our flashlight at it. Immediately, a beam of light shown out of the object and illuminated the porch we were standing on to the point that when we turned around there our shadows were cast on the wall. The distance between the object and us at this point is approximately 1 to 1.5 miles and none of us were aware that a light could shine precisely on 3 people from that distance. This is the point that we all knew that something very abnormal was going on. We all became very alarmed at this and I remember that we began to tremble. The object then went west, behind Skagarack Mountain again, on the north side of the mountain. We thought that it may have left because it did not come out again moving east as it had before. So we were slightly relieved, that perhaps the air force was not after us. However, it came out from behind the Skagarack Mountain on the south side, north of Rattlesnake Mountain, this time a little closer to us. At this point it was going strait up and down, repeatedly coming from behind Skagarack Mountain, and each time it raised above the mountain, the beam of white light was painting us. It was almost as if it was playing a game with us. Then it flew over the mountain and started flying around the bay, and this is when we got a really good look at it. It was basically a ball of pulsating light, there was no wings, no rotors, and discernable body or fuselage. Just a pulsating light that would change colors constantly, as the colors changed, one color seemed to just meld in the next color, I remember it being mainly reddish orange. Perhaps the oddest thing was that it was absolutely silent, it made absolutely no noise at all. It moved well within the normal envelope of normal aircraft, there was nothing remarkable about how the thing moved. At this point a train was coming down the tracks on the opposite side of the bay from where we were, and the object immediately lost interest in us and painted its light on the train and followed it for a short time. Then it left the train, floated across the bay maybe .25 miles north of where we were and headed to the same side of shore that we were on. It disappeared behind the horizon there and at this point my friends and I ran around the front side of the house to find it but it was gone, and that was the last we saw of it.;44.3607;-73.3925
