There was 6-7 oval, pure white objects of about 30' X15'.One circled my car twice and then shot away.;1983-07-10 21:00:00;15 min;There was 6-7 oval, pure white objects of about 30' X15'.One circled my car twice and then shot away. It was the summer of 1983 at about 9:00 pm and i was heading back to pasco from Jerome,Idaho.   As I was entering the area of Mountain home, Idaho I saw six or seven lights pop onto my left in the distance.  The lights seemed to be some kind of stadium flood lights, but to my surprise they started moving towards my car.   As they were approaching hey started blinking on and off at differant intervals. After blinking on and off six or seven times one light came right up in front of my car as I was traveling down the freeway. The ligh , which was maybe four or five feet above me made no noise as I rolled down my window to see if it was a plane or helicopter.  All i could see was a brilliant white light flying around my car like it was checking me out. What shocked me next was how fast it went down the freeway and stopped in the blink of an eye.  It had traveled about one mile.  I was in such of the speed, that I checked the odometer on the distance it traveled.  I pulled over to the side of freeway about 25 yards away from it, thinking I had better not drive underneath it.  This light was about telephone pole high above the freeway and was motionless and dead silent.   Shielding my eyes from the brilliant light which was kind of oval shaped and 30 feet long and 15 feet from top to bottom. I was out of the car for what seemed to be several minutes.  By this time it was dark, but this light lit up a huge area around me. The next thing I know was driving to Boise, Idaho, and this light staying with me off the side of the road all the way to Boise.  I told my brother about the incident or encounter and he asked me what time I got into Boise, I told him it was straight up 1:00am.  He then asked me why it took so long to travel about 40 miles in 4 hours.  I told him I had no idea and didn't even think about it until he mentioned the paradox. Thats about it, except after the encounter I had feelings of itchness on parts of my body that when I tried to scratch the itch it would not go away.  This lasted a few years along with more then usual dreams of aliens and UFO's. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.1396;-115.696
