To whom it may concern,  I am reporting my sighting from last night October 30th 2011 appx. 5:00pm eastern.;2011-10-30 17:00:00;1hr 20mins;To whom it may concern,  I am reporting my sighting from last night October 30th 2011 appx. 5:00pm eastern. I am a resident of Northern New Jersey and my power was out until late last night. Though I have been eager to spread my news I was content and sure of myself and  of what I saw and this will be an experience I will never forget.   As i faced south  east from my balcony on the 8th floor in Hackensack there were jets of some sort  lining the sky as they normally do.  This time they were grouped, 2 here streaming, 2  more there streaming and one far behind but all going farther south*.  Then this  bright dot appeared in the sky! from nowhere.  Not from behind scattered clouds, not  from behind the falling sun.  From mid air it came, looking like a bright  chrome/metallic round thing.  No lights just an Orb, I'll describe it that way  because it seemed to be glowing or in a constant state of shape-changing but never an  obvious triangle or elongated shape, and rather than flying or propelling it would  dim and re-appear what could be miles away.  That's when I became amazed.  It changed  locations 5 times before disappearing for 20 minutes but then it returned.  I think  it would fade when other aircraft came around.  This is a busy sky but my friend  and I had never seen anything like this.  My friend and I were smoking cigarettes, he  was on his phone playing games and I gazed.  I would love to tell more, I'm looking  for other means of putting my sighting out there because it was real, breathtaking  and definitely defied our science.  No jet or earthly aircraft I've ever seen can  move from two points so far apart, so quickly, and not ever seem to have twisted or  propelled or anything.  When it would move, it would dim, as if shrinking and when  shrunk passed visibility it just appear somewhere else.  After having watched it for  more than 45 minutes, it got darker out, it moved farther east but did not dim  anymore.  This was about 10 minutes before total sunset.  I was able to put a  telescope on it (very amateur) and what I was able to focus on was something that  looked like an Atom.  2 glowing yellow orbs that never detached, which seemed to move  around this 3rd non moving yellow orb that was wrapped in a moving red octo-hexa type  of box.  That's when I started to think laser or some thing very Alien.  Please record  this sighting and inform me if anyone else saw what I saw.  We couldn't have been the  only ones  with all that time the orb spent up there but then again, this is the  eastern-city skies that no one really cares to gaze at.  But i'm sure that whoever  looked up at it would not be able to identify the object just like my friend and I couldn't.  My friend was so scared that he chose not to continue watching.  He went  in and was silent.  He did choose to look through the scope.  I almost forced him to  because I this couldn't go unseen...it was obvious and really there.;40.8886116883117;-74.0496064935066
