Pulsating beam of light with colors changing, intermittenet buzzing loud noise.;2013-11-12 01:15:00;5-7 minutes;Pulsating beam of light with colors changing, intermittenet buzzing loud noise. At 1:15 A.M. 11/12/2013, I was awoken by strange buzzing sound, as close as I can describe is like a florescent light buzz but loud, also with the intermittent buzzing there were also some other sounds I cannot quite describe.  The beam so bright it lit my window up outside like day light, the light came from above the house, this caught my attention.  We have low power street lamps nothing that bright only illumination enough to see to reach our doors safely.  At first I thought oh maybe it is a helicopter so I listened, no helicopter sounds only a buzzing sound, then the light beam started to change colors, red, blue, back to white and pulse.  This caught me off guard as I had eliminated a possible helicopter by noise it was omitting, and the change of colors.  At this point it startled me by the sound alone.  When I got up to try and view the light source or see what what it was, as I reached the window there was a loud popping sound and whatever was there w! as gone like it never existed.   11/12/13 later in the day I contacted the UFO center, but before I wrote my account I called the Police Dispatcher no accidents, no helicopter in my area, and none out at that time.    This morning 11/13/13 I contacted the Municipal Departments all 3 numbers to the Groveport Areas, as well as Fox News they both verified no sirens, no helicopters, no accidents for the area and the time frame.   Several of my neighbors where gone for the long holiday weekend, and I have not heard any reports as it was they had shutters closed and were sleeping, or just brushed it off.   I am reporting the incident in case it backs up any other occurrence in the area and  in that time frame.  (I did keep records of the phone #'s and times of the calls verifying there was no discernible reason for the phenomenon that occurred).;39.8562;-82.879
