Data Surveillance, Data Manipulation, Gravity Effects;2019-02-20 22:00:00;35 seconds;Data Surveillance, Data Manipulation, Gravity Effects Musician had been experimenting with recording via cell-phone a digital piano and a vacuum-tube amplifier.  Strangely, overtones of interference were heard even though the default Voice Memos app shouldn’t have been transmitting or receiving the sound data being recorded.  It was clear that the interference was correlated to the microphone input, and moving the device around the speaker produced feedback sounds in the amplifier.  This seemed impossible and was evidence that the phone was in-fact transmitting data that it “should not have” been transmitting as the musician assumed the data recorded, stored, or played-back his Voice Memo application was protected. With the phone in the direct center of the speaker, he heard a ringing in his ears and was a bit confused – and had reason to believe this possibly caused an accidental distortion of spacetime itself.  Note this point:  He listened to an analog recording of the same moment, then walked outside to listen to it on his cell phone.  He noted the numerical number of the recording, and was surprised to hear that there were obvious time-domain distortions with the recording, and the pitch of the notes was shifted significantly and warbling in places.  He didn’t imagine that the crystal-clock in the phone would be affected by the speaker, and was beginning to think that he had captured evidence of true time distortion. As he was outside listening, he noticed that the dogs were barking more frantically, and that the weather was changing rapidly – almost instantaneously.  As the wind got more violent, bugs began flying upward and leaves and small particles also began levitating or moving toward a general direction.  It really seemed to him that an immense force of gravity was pulling everything towards a point in the sky, and there was a loud electromechanical buzz which sounded like two separate electric motors.  Suddenly, a spinning saucer craft about 13-17 ft in diameter with a slowly revolving outer sheet-metal body appeared out of the very spot his eye was drawn to, and it swooped down to land a street or two over.  He felt the electromagnetic sounds through his feet as the device landed, and fled from the scene, leaving his phone. After returning some days later, he noticed that the recording he heard the time-distortion effects had been replaced with a recording that started at “note this point.”  And had “continued” recording for over 7 hours, complete with the sounds of the craft captured and the sounds of him running through and locking his house even though he was not recording anything at the time.  Except that the “playback” of the time distortion had been flipped out of phase and edited from this altered, replacement recording.  He heard strange sounds on the radio as well. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));30.1971235023041;-92.0358096774194
