Translucent orb and high speed objects captured on video during air show;2008-11-01 14:00:00;1-2 seconds;Translucent orb and high speed objects captured on video during air show I attended the Sertoma Cajun Air Festival in Lafayette, LA. It was a beautiful sunny day and the highlight of the show was the USAF Thunderbird performance. I took snapshots with my digital camera throughout the day, and even tried to use the cameras video feature to get some of the nice formations in motion. When I got home and was reviewing the footage, I was shocked! I had three videos that had objects in the sky or that flew across the screen that I could not identify. During the show, there was nothing observed by myself, or openly by any other observers there that I am aware of. This is my first photo or video of a UFO, and I have never seen one in person before. Time of day: between 2:00pm and 3:45pm CST Camer: Cannon PowerShot A620, 4x optical zoom, digital zoom disabled Media:SanDisk Ultra II 2BG SD card Weather: Clear skies, winds <10mph, temp. mid 70's (F) Observer: 28 year old male, married, Air Force veteran with 6 years experience in visual and radar identification of aircraft, as well as aircraft capabilities and limitations knowledge. Photo/Video experience: Novice  The first video is poor quality due to the limitations of the camera. It depicts what I consider to be a cloaked UFO. A single F-15 was performing a vertical climb. I was filming in video mode and trying to follow the movement of the aircraft and zoom in with the climb. In the footage there is a circular distortion on the right. This distortion is stationary in the sky and not a smudge or particle on the lens of the camera. As the camera moved slightly under my attempt to control the zoom and keep the fighter in frame, the object remains stationary, at the same time dust/smudges move with the camera to the left. (The dust/smudges are not in the photo captures.) The fighter does remain blurred considerably on the lower left during zoom. The object in question is very translucent with a slight shimmer around the edges and glimmering slightly over the whole of it. UFO in frame from seconds 0:03-0:06 YouTube Link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfwaVB9qjKY Original File: http://rapidshare.com/files/160399199/Cloaked_UFO.AVI.html  This second video is more impressive. Four of the F-16 Thunderbirds are in an opened diamond formation (my description not theirs) awaiting a solo F-16 to come flying through the middle of the group at a higher rate of speed from behind. I am in video mode and following the 4 ship formation. In the review I notice that behind the formation an object moves across at an extremely high rate of speed. The UFO crossed the cameras field of view in less than 1 second! There were only 6 aircraft in the sky at the time, all F-16's 5 of which were participating in this pass. Another was preparing to come from a different direction. UFO in frame from seconds 0:06-0:07 coming from right to left behind(?) the fighters. YouTube Link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJDrklH3FHQ Original File: http://rapidshare.com/files/160399200/High_Speed_UFO.AVI.html  The final video shows all six of the Thunderbirds on approach in Delta formation. The object in question flies from the upper right going to the upper left, and again near the end going form the bottom left to top left. The object may be similar or the same as the object in the second video. No other aircraft were airborne at this time. UFO in frame at seconds 0:06 and again at 0:52 YouTube Link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdLqZMEgBUA Original File: http://rapidshare.com/files/160399203/High_Speed_UFO_2.AVI.html  I can't say I noticed any bugs at all. The weather for the whole week before the air show had been fairly cool, upper 60's day and lower 50's- upper 40's at night. The only bugs we have noticed are cold weather nighttime bugs like 'stink bugs.' The day of the air show, the weather was fairly warm, mid 70's. I didn't notice any bugs or birds that day at all, but unless there is an unusually large amount or lack of, that’s typically something one is oblivious to.;30.1971235023041;-92.0358096774194
Multiple Sightings,Multiple Witnesses, Same Night. #1- December 31 2013 10-11pm/ #2- January 1st 2014 12-12:30 AM.;2014-01-01 00:00:00;2 sightings 1-4 minutes i;Multiple Sightings ,Multiple Witnesses, Same Night. #1- December 31 2013 10-11pm/ #2- January 1st 2014 12-12:30 AM For the first sighting Me and a friend were outside talking, we were at a new years party and waiting for midnight when I noticed something in the sky way to high to be a firework no strobe just a orb orangish in color from what we saw, and seemed to be moving not fast, not slow, but not normal, and we both knew what we were seeing (now i could have sworn I saw one before but had no witnesses with me and what i observed was after watching it for a while when it disappeared it didn't just vanish it faded)so I turned to my friend and I said if this thing fades away we know exactly what we are looking at,  And so it did so our minds were both blown needless to say we went in and told everyone but noone really took us seriously and that was that (I should say the orb as i describe it was neither gaining altitude nor descending and didnt have a clear straight path it was just moving ominously)However driving back home as we pulled up into our driveway I! had seen the same light from earlier so of course i was estatic and drug everyone (my fiancee, her mother, and my 17 year old brother) out of the car and into line of sight so they could see it also and thats when I noticed two more accompany the first one i saw and thats when it really got convincing, they were lined up together (all three) in a straight line almost like orions belt moving at a low speed to the southeast, and as the one from earlier had done the first one in this line stopped and began to fade until it wasnt visible, HOWEVER (and this was witnessed by all of us because I forced them to watch) the second and third proceeded on the same path until the second one caught up to where the first one faded then stopped in mid air and waited for the third one to catch up to it at that time seeming to join together and fading at the same time in the exact same place the first one did!  At this point my mother in law was actually frightened and went inside I mean all! of us were blown away and there is no doubt what we saw that ! night ai rplanes?! NO helicopters? NO! miltary flares? NO! shooting stars?  NO weather balloons?  NO!  NOTHING we have could just stop in mid air while maintaining altitude perfectly and just vanish!  Even still, over cities every aircraft i believe is required to have a strobe which these did not.  The way they moved, looked, felt, just.. yea we saw UFOs no doubt in any of our minds! Well thank you guys and i hope this story helps for future reference my eyes are glued on the sky and i will be prepared with a camera next time!;30.1971235023041;-92.0358096774194
Red, green and white lights flew in, hovered, reversed course to depart.  Not airplane or helicopter;2015-01-16 19:30:00;5 minutes;Red, green and white lights flew in, hovered, reversed course to depart.  Not airplane or helicopter. I am an amateur astronomer with 50 years of sky watching, thousands of hours, a college degree in Geology.  Until now I have never seen anything in the sky that could not be explained as a natural, although sometimes unusual, event. I was out in my yard looking for meteors and relaxing when an object appeared from behind my roof.  It was in the SW sky about 15-18 degrees above the horizon, moving to the ESE and caught my attention, initially as an airplane with red, green and white lights over the trees.  It was far enough away  that the body of the craft was not discernible, due to its bright lights, and it was clearly high in the sky being visible over the trees at the back of my property.  I glanced directly at it, and immediately thought there was something very odd, in that the lights were blurry, fuzzy looking.  More like orbs than the lights of a plane.  There were stars clearly visible nearby that were pinpoints of light so it was just odd in the cloudless sky. The object was visible and moving West to SE slowly for almost five seconds until it slowed quickly and then stopped completely.  My first thought was that the object was turning and only appeared to stop but the lights, which were clearly separate colors, were not reorienting themselves as a turning airplane would certainly do.  The red and green light did not blink or change intensity.  The white light on the right (West) side of the object was pulsating, dimming and brightening, unlike an airplane with strobes that blink.  The object appeared to hover for about ten seconds with no other changes in the lights and then abruptly reversed its course back to the NW.  The way that it started moving was too abrupt for a turning airplane, it was almost like a computer animation in that it seemed to jump to its path with no curving motion and a very short period of acceleration followed the initial jump.   I then maintained a very steady, straight path in departing.  I was able to ! change position and watch the object for several minutes.  I attracted my wife's attention and she was able to see the object also while it departed NW and disappeared near the horizon. At no time did the orientation of the lights change as I would expect with an airplane. Nor were the lights pinpoints as typical with airplanes.  These lights were diffuse orbs that were close enough to overlap.  The brightness of the orbs and dark sky did not allow a hint of the actual shape of the object to show. I have always been skeptical of stories told by others about lights in the sky because I had never seen anything that I felt was not explainable but this event has made me wonder just what I actually saw.  I think that it was definitely not a normal aircraft and was obviously a craft under intelligent control.   It was an unidentified object that I hope others will have reported and perhaps identified as a natural object, but it was NOT something that I have ever seen before.;30.1971235023041;-92.0358096774194
One night around 8:30 I stepped out on balcony for a quick smoke. After lighting my cigarette I looked and approximately less than a qu;2015-04-23 08:30:00;10 minutes;One night around 8:30 I stepped out on balcony for a quick smoke. After lighting my cigarette I looked and approximately less than a quarter of a mile i seen two red lights hovering over the trees. Suddenly, the object started rising slowly and as it came down ot turned into a blue circle. Each time it rose it went higher amd higher. It moved like no object ive evr seen and it dified all laws of gravity. I got the feeling it watching me so i got nervous and went inside to tell my family about it who were also able to see it. Ever since that we never saw again.;30.1971235023041;-92.0358096774194
Standing in the shopping mall at the intersection of Johnston St. and Ambassador Caffrey at 8 PM, saw pulsing or blinking lights high a;2015-09-19 20:00:00;4 minutes;Standing in the shopping mall at the intersection of Johnston St. and Ambassador Caffrey at 8 PM, saw pulsing or blinking lights high above the horizon at sunset.  I at first thought the lights were the landing lights of a plane or helicopter--seemed stationary.  All at once, the light moved at high speed diagonally for some distance and then the object was again stationary for some thirty seconds or so.  Then, it dropped down at great speed where it was stationary at just above the horizon.  I suspect a drone of some kind, as no plane or helicopter could move at such speeds and in such a fashion.   On this site, I found a similar report in the same area in January of this year.;30.1971235023041;-92.0358096774194
4 crafts/objects in night sky. Each one occupying a particular, navigable direction.  Moved in manner that defied physics. Phenomenal.;2019-07-19 23:35:00;12 minutes;4 crafts/objects in night sky. Each one occupying a particular, navigable direction.  Moved in manner that defied physics. Phenomenal. Exactly Four crafts hovering and zagging, in different sections of the night sky with a full moon being the backdrop.  It seemed three of them were waiting for the one in the most southernly direction to do something bc its light was the brightest and it was the one closest to the ground.  The motion of all of the other three crafts were quick horizontal and vertical movements, in relation to where each craft was positioned in the sky but relatively stationary.  The one in the northernly direction moved more erratic than the others and thats what made it known that me and my friend were looking at something unusual.  None of the crafts made noise nor was a sound barrier broken when the easternly one moved an absurd distance in less than 1.5 seconds and came to an immediate stop and hovered stationary again.  Then all 4 crafts, points of light, whatever they were, dashed and disappeared in a southernly direction simultaneously and instantly.;30.1971235023041;-92.0358096774194
