Two Steel Colored, Almost Rod Shaped Craft that play cat and mouse. Sonoma County/Marin County Sighting. Day Time Sightings both times.;2000-10-06 16:45:00;5 Mins;Two Steel Colored, Almost Rod Shaped Craft that play cat and mouse. Sonoma County/Marin County Sighting. Day Time Sightings both times. They were playing cat and mouse with each other. I think they are being used by the local Military Base known as Skaggs Island off of Highway 37.   They shoot straight up in the sky and head straight down so fast you think they are going to crash then they pop back up like a rubber ball.  They are Steel colored.  They reflect the sun off of them.  They move so fast but thanks to the reflexion of the sun you can follow them with your eyes.  There is no known military craft than can do the things I saw yesterday in the sky.  I know other people must of seen this.  Please e-mail me at ((e-address deleted)).com if you saw anything from Sonoma or Marin County looking towards the Highway 37/Skaggs Island area.  They fly so quick with or without trails. They can't be regular navy jets. The way they pop back and forth at the speeds they go. This is a new technoligy if it really is military.  I think this is UFO technoligy.  I have seen it twice now.  Once a month ago and now just yesterday.   I will try to get it on VCR Camera if I see this again.;38.34550625;-122.69204375
Fiery flying funnel!  ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 18:01:00;~30 seconds;Firey flying funnel! At 6:01 in the evening as we were starting our nightly walk with the dogs we noticed a very bright light, shaped like a funnel so that it  had the appearance of a searchlight.  So much so in fact, that we thought it was a helicopter.  We quickly realized that it was something much different.  The light was a bright white flame and there was smoke swirling around this flaming cone  of light.  No sound, spooky.  I started to focus my phone camera and saw that at the front, leading the white flame was a dark cone shape.  The shape was visible for seconds while we were at an angle to see what looked like the flaming bottom of a large cone shape.  As it continue noiselessly across the night sky the flame disappeared from view and except for a few wisps of smoke the sky seemed to revert to its normal inky beauty.  The streetlights made it hard to follow but we did pick up a faint outline of a cone moving up and away from us at what seemed to be a 90• angle to the horizon.  The general consensus among our group was that we saw a rocket fly overhead.  Still not sure what it was. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));38.34550625;-122.69204375
