Horseshoe flat disklike craft with oval shaped white strobing head lamps with pale yellow lights each outer edge.;2003-10-27 18:10:00;1 1/2minute;Horseshoe flat disklike craft with oval shaped white strobing head lamps with pale yellow lights each outer edge. I was going home headed south west in 6:00 traffic. I was on a very busy street with no place to pull over. As I was waiting in a rather long left turn lane for some reason I felt compelled to look up  and what I saw was what looked like a pair of flying eyes coming almost directly toward me but is was actually to the right of me. I realized I was looking at a flying object that I could not Identifiy.  I was in lot of traffic but none the less I kept looking at it untill it passed on the right. What I called eyes were oval white lights  that were strobeing back and forth from their ends to the center and back again. They were not doing this quite at the same time giving the impression of a nano second where one was not lit. At the outer edge of these lights there were very pale small yellow lights that stayed on. This object was very low and it looked as it was actually moving beneath the tree but it was I think about 300 feet above the trees and it made absolutely no sound. It was moving very very slowly it looked like it was floating . It went by me and I could not see it to many trees I turned arount to follow it but when I got to a clear space and I could see the sky there was nothing there  nothing! I have the feeling this craft might have been kind of a flat horse shoe shape. I will send you a drawing. I called the police department but they had not had ant other reports. I had the feeling I saw a bight blue thin band of color kind of outlining the lights ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and she seemed to us to be exceptionally credible and serious-minded.  PD));38.34550625;-122.69204375
Object leaving trails in night sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Launch of Falcon 9 rocket from Vandenberg AFB.  PD));2018-10-07 19:44:00;5 minutes;Object leaving trails in night sky We have cell video.  Walked out to dump trash looked at stars saw one that looked like you would see on a foggy night blury and hazy.  I looked and watched it was moving with three trails hehind it got my attention because it looked like a cross.  I looked at other stars they were clear.  Thought it might be a comet as it changed and had two large vapor trails behind it.  It moved too fast for that.  It kept moving south the trails stopped and it disappeared.  This moved to slow for a fallout no star and if it was a comet how did it disappear.  I have about a minute on cell phone footage but did not keep it running to show it disappear.  I can send it to you if you want it.  I was in military this was no rocket launch something entering the atmosphere leaving a trail I would guess unless it was a comet but I have yet to hear of one or read about it and it moved too fast.  I will send cell footage via email as it’s on wife’s phone;38.34550625;-122.69204375
