Space Jumping White Light;2015-05-03 03:45:00;<3 minutes;Space Jumping White Light I want to start by saying that we have witnessed three unidentified objects in the sky in the last two years.  This morning, we witnessed our fourth, and it seems that there are similar sightings in the tri-state areas in 2015.   I also would like to add that I still witness a  very bright flash above me in the night sky on a more than regular basis, and whatever it is seems to be very interested in either:  SW Montana, or my family and I.  (Report Follows)   This morning, at 3:45, my wife and I had gone outside to let our dog, and while sitting on our back patio  waiting for the pup to do his business (un-obstucted view south over the Bridgers to Livingston)  We were admiring some very large, irregular, puffy, smoke like clouds that seemed to be thin enough to let the moon shine right through them very odd looking indeed.  I happened to be facing South East and looking up at the sky and had a clear view of the stars to the North, South and East with the strange clouds pushing in from the West.  I am always searching for satellite movement and was  focusing my line of vision on a random group of stars in order to catch anything moving, when suddenly a large, very bright, solid white ball of light literally appeared out of thin air, maintaining a constant speed for what seemed to be only a few seconds and then disappeared into thin air again.  It appeared so abruptly that that I could only say wtf, was that as an instant re! action to what I saw, leaving me mumbling in confusion and my wife looking at me like I was a stranger to her.   As fast as I could explain what I saw and point it appeared again in the same manner as before, only it was further south than before.  Again my wife wasnt paying attention again leaving me speechless and looking like a crazy person.  When it appeared the third and final time we both saw it enter in a way that makes me think of the word, Poof, and then it disappeared Poof. The object seemed very large.  It looked as though it was the same distance as the moon or closer even. Very bright, white light that didn't flash, strobe, but remained the same color and brightness each time. Came into view in a way that was not natural, jumping into our dimension and jumping out. Like I said after my last report, I feel that something big is happening and we all need to pay attention.;45.7828;-111.1423
My wife and I saw 40 lights appear from nowhere in the dark sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Starlink satellites?  PD));2019-11-25 05:15:00;20 minutes;On the morning of Monday November 25th, 2019 My wife and I saw 40 lights appear from nowhere in the dark sky and travel in a northeastward direction.  This sighting happened in the Gallatin Valley, east of Belgrade, Montana. On the early morning the 25th, of November, 2019. my wife who is an early riser, was out on the porch smoking a cigarette. The sky was very clear and cold out about 25 degrees. She was looking the stars of the night. When she observed a couple of lights moving across the sky in a spaced out pattern. There became more, which seemed to be popping out of the black space. She felt if she left to wake me up from sleep would be fruitless that they would be gone. Well, they kept coming, and then awoke me from my sleep to see these lights.  Well I did see the lights after about 12 of them had already moved on and they just kept coming out of dark space. Just fainter then some of the bright stars, but they kept coming out of the dark up rather high in the sky. No blinking, but much like satellites, they moved off with no sound. A propeller plane was coming by now behind us low and I was hoping they somehow would see this two. This continued for maybe 15- 20 minutes and we counted 40 lights total moving in the same direction toward the Bridger Mtns. and NE.. Twice 2 of these lights popped out at the same time.  The best description I can give is like that TV denture cleaning commercial where they pull a string of pearls out of a baked fruit pie, one after another in a very precised spaced out pattern. But the lights appeared out of nothing in the black space.  This is not the first time I have seen strange lights, in this area. Also camping in the Beartooth wilderness there are quite a few strange light movements going on.;45.7828;-111.1423
