Orange/Yellow/Red Fireball in the sky above a lake grew larger & larger & then turned and went back along a similar path & disappeared.;2014-08-22 22:00:00;45 seconds;Orange/Yellow/Red Fireball in the sky above a lake grew larger & larger & then turned and went back along a similar path & disappeared. Well, here goes!  After listening to channel 590, CTVSS Northern Ontario News yesterday to confirm sightings of UFO's during 2014 in Canada and USA, specifically in Pennsylvania this past week, I'm coming out!   We had company arriving on August 21st, a Thursday.  A lovely husband and wife team w their 7 month old daughter.  On Friday night, my husband and his friend decided they would camp out on the boat house deck and admire the sky which was filled with stars, not a site u see living in Toronto due to the light pollution. I cannot say exactly what time it was but I'm going to assume it was 10:30-ish, when I and my friend decided to go out to the boat house deck to see how the guys were doing, as it was cool and the dew was coming down.  I brought 'a' glass of white wine w me to enjoy, my friend has had no alcohol at all as she is a new mom and I know your going to ask how much we'd been drinking!  The boys were enjoying a couple of glasses of red wine, when all of a sudden when the three of them were looking off into the Western Sky at the time looking for the Space Station which can sometimes be seen. It was not visible that night, however, I was looking into the North-North East part of the sky when a orange yellow w a hint of red fireball appeared.  It seemed to have just beamed into view and gradually grew larger and larger when at one point it just stood still and then made a U turn and slowly went the other direction as the size grew smaller and then just disappeared!   I had alerted my friends and husband when I initially saw the light, so all four of us saw the same thing.  There is no doubt in my mind, my husbands and those of our friends that we had witnessed a UFO sighting first hand!  I am curious as to whether anyone else saw this!;49.3529;-82.1475
