2 very bright oval objects viewed in the sky over Lafayette Oregon.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS and STS??  PD));2007-08-20 21:50:00;20 seconds;2 very bright oval objects viewed in the sky over Lafayette Oregon. I would like to start by saying that I have never seen an unidentified flying object before that I could not quickly explain away as something explainable. On August 20th, 2007 at 9:50 p.m. I stepped out on my deck to have a cigarette. We just had our first real rainy day of the summer and the evening sky was mostly cloudy, but clearing up. I noticed the moon partially obscured through the clouds to the southwest looking from Lafayette Oregon south-southwest towards but between if you will, McMinnville and Salem Oregon. The moon was not a full moon, but a quarter moon and it was low in the sky. Directly to the west-northwest of the moon in the sky there was a large break “Spot or Hole” in the clouds where I could clearly make out or see the stars. I would say that this break in the sky was approximately 3 to 4 miles long by 2 to 3 miles across. I was just about to light my cigarette while looking at the stars through the break in the clouds when I saw a large Oval shaped object move very fast from west to east across the break in the clouds. The oval object was a solid white to aqua blue in color. Not transparent. No flashing lights could be seen associated with this oval object. This object moved very quickly across the break in the clouds. I quickly tried to explain it away when, a second large oval object of the same description moved very quickly across the break in the clouds in the same direction. I do not feel that what I saw was something normally seen in the night sky. I.E. a satellite or commercial jet aircraft. These object were moving way to fast. Closing notes: Each object was seen for about 8 to 10 seconds.  In my opinion I feel that these objects were Not personal aircraft, military aircraft, commercial aircraft, shooting stars, or satellites. These oval objects were larger then commercial aircraft by a least two fold. No sounds could be heard I.E. engine sounds. There were no “Flashing Lights” associated to these objects. There were no “Streaks” of light trailing these objects. I would place these oval objects at 5 to 10 thousand feet in altitude. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS and STS??  PD));45.2467;-123.1122
