3 shiny objects at high altitude.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting by former Air Traffic Controller.  PD));2007-09-15 09:45:00;15 minutes;3 shiny objects at high altitude 09/15/07  Sub: Odd sightings   During the morning at about 9:45 to 10:00 am is saw a shiny object moving from Northeast to Southwest.  It appeared to be at a very high altitude.  I assumed it to be a weather balloon as it seemed to move in the same direction as the clouds.  These clouds are the wispy type usually found at high altitudes.  After thought not too much about it until I saw another object in the same general vicinity.  By the way, I am looking to the southwest at about a 75 to 80 degree angle.  This other object is moving from Northeast to southwest at a much slower rate than the first object.  I no longer see the first object so get my digital camera and start taking pictures. I am taking pictures because this is now quite unusual.  They do not seem to be aircraft as they are not shaped like one.   I am a former Air Traffic Controller who used to work at Lambert.  I am familiar with aircraft and their flight characteristics.  I continue to take pictures hoping that the clouds can give some reference to size and altitude of this object when I notice another object in the same vicinity.  It seems to be higher than the second object.  Both these object are either stationary or moving very slowly because the clouds are now obscuring them.  The clouds eventually became a little thicker and I could no longer distinguish the objects. I will attempt to send the pictures. Thank you ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));38.7829999999993;-90.6351000000063
My fiance and I were outside on our deck and turned around to see a craft hovering behind us between the trees of our yard. It had been;2014-10-16 08:00:00;7-8 minutes;My fiance and I were outside on our deck and turned around to see a craft hovering behind us between the trees of our yard.  It had been watching us obviously that whOle time of smoking a cigarette.  We quickly grabbed our phone and flash light to record.  This shape was indescribable.  It has many points and some sort of fin at the end.  Once it tend on its side it was flat.  Lights all around the bottom and bright.  We chased it out ffront and we have the video on youtube.  We see them every night along with owls in our yard every night.  I will try to put video here if not it is ufo sighting st peters mo date of 10/16/2014 on youtube.  Our camera starts to go blurry and the craft made some strange laser whistling sound.  The neighbors dogs were going nuts as it flew overy their house.  Sorry for the quick description trying to make this all fit  Watch UFO ST. PETERS MO 10/16/2014 on YouTube UFO ST. PETERS MO 10/16/2014: http://youtu.be/BVvhZ_QySog;38.7829999999993;-90.6351000000063
Several pulsating lights maneuvering and acting in ways unknown to this earth and the single strangest thing I've seen in my life.;2016-10-14 22:00:00;?;Several pulsating lights maneuvering and acting in ways unknown to this earth and the single strangest thing I've seen in my life. On the night of Friday, October 14, 2016 , I observed the strangest thing that I have ever seen in my life.  It was approximately 7:45 pm when I got into my car and started driving over to my girlfriend’s apartment.  There was not a cloud in the sky and the Moon was completely full, actually appearing more full than I have ever seen it.  No less than five minutes into driving I noticed some strange lights in the sky that immediately caught my eye.  Straight ahead in the sky above were several strange lights scattered everywhere.  Four lights in particular intrigued me so much that I could not stop swerving in and out of my lane, due to the fact that I couldn’t take my eyes off the sky.  Four lights arranged themselves very close to each other and seemed to be pulsating, fading in and out. It  appears to be a disc shaped flying saucer.  As I continue to watch it I noticed several more lights in the sky.  There were lights glowing to the left and to the right of the d! isc, and a pretty good distance away from it.  These lights moved in ways that are impossible for any aircraft we know today.  One light shot straight up at an incredible rate of speed.  The other light zigzagged and changed directions instantly.  More lights then appear on the left side of the sky darting off at high rates of speed.  At this point there are so many different glowing lights in the sky I don’t know which ones to look at.  All the while the four lights in the center of the sky continued to pulsate and stay in the same position, never moving from their original location.  At this point I take out my phone and record a video of the sky.  The video is seven seconds long, this is only because while I was recording I looked at the screen and it didn’t appear that the lights were showing up on the video.  I then became extremely disappointed and stopped recording the video.  It took 15 minutes to get to my girlfriends apartment and I could see these lights the entire time th! at I was driving.  After that I went into her apartment and did! n’t look at the sky anymore that night.  I tried telling my girlfriend about it and she didn’t really understand what I had just saw and didn't show too much interest. I didn’t even try to show her the video because I was sure it didn’t record anything.  After that we watched a movie and went to bed.  The next day I was scrolling through my photos and decided to watch the video, I was stunned. I will share the video my phone recorded with everyone, take a look yourself.  Also, the video is  even more amazing if you turn the brightness up and play it in slow motion.  I also saved a version of the video in slow-motion with the brightness turned up.  I will also share that one. I’m not sure what these lights were and I’m not even assuming they were extraterrestrial.  All I know is they were not human made lights and they were anything but ordinary and completely not  normal. In addition,  I have never been a person who exaggerates, lies, or seeks attention.  Everybody who knows me would tell you that. I am 29 years old, I have a college degree from a very good university and I have no history of any medical or psychological problems.  Anybody driving on the road at night would have seen these lights, yet nothing was mentioned on the news, and nobody I've come across saw them.  I've shown a few people in my family the video, and they are puzzled too.  Unlike me, they didn’t see what I did so they pretty much forget about it.  On the other hand I can't forget about it or stop thinking about it.  I will share the video.  Watch it closely and don’t just watch it once.  Trust me you will start to notice more and more strangeness when you watch it again and again.  Lastly, free to tell me what you think, or even guess this might be.;38.7829999999993;-90.6351000000063
I saw a cloked wedge shaped craft it was slow moving with no sound.;2020-10-07 19:00:00;1 minute;I saw a cloked wedge shaped craft it was slow moving with no sound. I was in my backyard I live in a subdivision my house is surrounded by other houses. I happend to look in the sky and exactly were I looked something caught my attention. I noticed what looked like a a wedge shape in the sky it was translucent sort of like the predator movies I could see it but only because it wasnt comp invisible.  It was moving slowly just like an airplane would move.I heard no sound It just slowly hovered. it was about cloud hight.I tried to get my phone out to take a picture but due to it being so hard to see and it having some sort of cloaking technology I lost sight of it.;38.7829999999993;-90.6351000000063
