Two identical objects moving in unison.;2007-01-11 22:19:00;60 Seconds;Two identical objects moving in unison. Driving on Eastbound Highway 70 near the Belleau Creek/T.R. Hughes Overpass and I looked up briefly and saw two, identical objects in the sky, directly in front of me, slowly moving in a NNE direction.  I checked my vehicle’s clock and it was at 10:19.  It was difficult to pinpoint their distance as they were traveling slightly away from me.  They were about 30 degrees vertically from the Eastern Horizon line.   The strange part was that they were moving together, in unison, about a half-mile apart by my estimates.  They were off in the distance and difficult to look at with all the ground clutter and light scatter from the highway flood lights.  They were moving slower than a typical plane on its landing approach to Lambert-St. Louis Airport in Bridgeton and were not headed in the right direction for a landing approach.  Each object had one light on it. Upon further study, the two objects were moving in unison, as previously stated and were about 3+ miles away visible only through a large break in the clouds. They had a fluid movement to them and were not jaggedly moving through the night sky. They were visible for about 60 seconds before they disappeared behind a passing cloud and were not seen again. The lighting on the objects was relatively clear. There was one light visible on each object and had a red/pink hue to both of them.  It was not like any landing light I have ever seen before. Both lights were bright and high-intensity.  The shape of the objects couldn’t be made out due to their distance from me.;38.7829999999993;-90.6351000000063
green, red, and yellowish- whitelights on craft flying low moving north to south.;2012-04-20 13:30:00;20 - 25 seconds;green, red, and yellowish- whitelights on craft flying low moving north to south. my girl friend and I were driving west on williot road. in between spencer and kimberly. we had two frieds in the back seat. one of the friends started shouting. myself and the other friend loooked. and saw something flying kinda high at first then moving very low once it cross willot road. rather large, it came from the north and moved south. it moved slowed over willot road then proceeded south. it had green and red lights at first the yelowish white lights turned on. it gave off enough light to very dimly cast light on the road below the object. to fast at time to be helicopter but to slow at times to be a plane. possible mititary drone of some kind but it looked as if it were covered in lights and making all kinds of patterns. this makes me doubt it was mititary. it shocked and even kinda scared the three of us. my girfriend did not see it because she was driving and had her eyes on the road.passed almost directly over us but just a little behind the car! . but i posted about it on facebook. and two other friends said they also saw it and had no idea what it could have been. im not one for beliveing in aliens and such things... but there was just no explination for what we saw. it was roundish but hard to tell exact shape at night and with lights. almost looked like it could have changed shape it diffrent points. there was a low noise but to low and soft to have been a plain or helicopter. I know what a plane and a helicopter are... even at night. this was something else.;38.7829999999993;-90.6351000000063
