A friend and I spotted a flying object that was Triangular with a white V on the front of it in Rockville Centre, NY.;2001-08-15 21:30:00;approx. 2 minutes;A friend and I spotted a flying object that was Triangular with a white V on the front of it in Rockville Centre, NY. Me and my friend were really bored on a dark summer night in RVC, NY.  We were waiting for some other people to show up, and we started pulling stuff to do out of his garage.  We found a hoolahoop, and being the teenagers that were were (and still are) we really didn't use it for it's purpose.  We stood in the middle of the dead-end in front of his house and threw the hoolahoop as high as we could.  We were alternating turns, and eventually it was his turn.  He threw the hoolahoop up into the dark sky, and it came dropping back to the ground.  The thing was, my friend didn't watch the hoolahoop drop...in fact, he was still looking in the sky as the hoolahoop came a couple yards away from landing on him.  He asked, What is that?  I didn't know what he was talking about, so I looked DIRECTLY above where we were standing.  At first, I thought I saw what appeared to be white toilet paper flying high in the sky.  I'm not too sure if I saw this correctly or not, but I THINK it may have changed shape/form.  Maybe my eyes were still adjusting, but when I looked harder it became apparent that I was seeing a big white V.  As I looked harder, I saw the rest of the craft...and it was a large black triangle with a white V-shaped stripe on the front of it.  It looked almost like a GIANT hang-glider.  The only problem with that solution is that Long Island is flat.  There is no hang-gliding here and there is no possible way to jump off any mountain or cliffs simply because there are none of that size.  It appeared to be roughly the length of a professional hockey rink, and it made absolutely no noise.  It was traveling from somewhere above my friend's house towards the other side of the street in a slow straight line.  My friend was like It's a UFO, It's a UFO!  He ran inside to get his mother to come out and see it and he told me to make sure to watch where it goes.  It continued to cross for about two minutes before I eventually lost sight of it in the street light.  The object had no lights, and made no sound what-so-ever.  Nobody believes me and my friend, but we are confident that we may have seen either a secret-military or an extraterrestrial ship. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));40.6597999999999;-73.6371
