ever since then we started to look up at the sky and where surprised to see how many sighting we were encountering.;2004-07-10 01:00:00;10 min;ever since then we started to look up at the sky and where surprised to see how many sighting we were encountering. My friends and I have been seeing flying objects in the Groveland Area of Blackfoot Idaho, for about 15 months consecutivley 2003-2004. It all began when my freinds had an experience out at their parents home, and ever since then we started looking upwards and were surprised to see how many sightings we did come to incounter. On the early hours of July 10 @ about 1:00 A.M. I was just home from work and was watching T.V. trying to unwind so that I could go to bed. My phone rings, I cringe to the thought of who it could be at that time of the day. It was my friends who where in the habbit of chasing bright orange lights we were seeing so much of in this area. They ask me with alot of ugency What are you doing?!! I tell them I was just watching T.V. My Friend then tells me there is this object going my way and that I should go out side and see if it flys by my appartment. I was kind of frustrated thinking I was wasting my time, because I didn't know if it was going to fyly directly by my house and i didn't know which side of my appartment I should look for it, plus I was tired. Just as I was going to head back inside I decided to look one more time, then I see it. I was standing out on in front of my driveway,looking south. there was no noise but this huge object was flying at the treetop level very slow. I remember standing there waiting for it to get closer, but as soon as it reached the tree line that was about 200 yrds away from where I was standing, the object stopped and hovered over the trees. There were no colored lights flashing, but It was so close that I could see it was in the shape of the chevron sign and what it looked like big windows around the sides of the object that was faceing me. I started to crouch down by my van thinking that the object was not advancing forward due to maybe it knew I was standing there. Then The object started to do something I did not even expect it to do. It started to move and it appeared like it was landing. The object started to hide lower and lower behind the trees. I was so amazed. We know this area and the direct spot it was hovering over and knew there were houses surrounding the feild it was hovering over, so it was impossible to drive around the block and see anything in the feild. By the time my freind arrived, we drove around the area and seen nothing. I told them what I seen, where and what it did. We stayed out side for about another hour just talking and looking up at the sky and still wondering what happend to this object, when one of a sudden we see this object take off from the south sky at a really fast speed. It looked like a falling star but only this star was shooting up wards from the ground. So the landing was in that area only we could not pin point it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));43.1943000000001;-112.3615
