Triangular-shaped craft travelled with me before speeding off out of sight.;1978-06-30 23:30:00;10 minutes;Triangular-shaped craft travelled with me before speeding off out of sight. I was driving from Bucyrus to New Washington on State Route 98 at around 11:30 p.m.  There wasn’t any traffic.  In fact, I didn’t see any other vehicle on my drive home.   I was a few miles out of Sulphur Springs when I noticed a craft of some kind in front of and above me (all I had to do was lift my eyes slightly and the craft was right in front of me and maybe just above the trees ).  It appeared to be triangular shaped (the lights were in a triangular shape anyway) and there was one light that rotated up and around the craft the whole time I saw it.  The lights were red, white and a blue one.  I thought it was a helicopter at first but I couldn’t hear any sound when I rolled my window down--for the height and distance from me, I would have heard something had it been a helicopter.  It stayed the same amount of distance above and in front of me as I drove.  I started to become a little concerned about it.  I tested it—I would speed up (over 60) and then really slow (25, 30), and all the while it stayed right there in front of me.  I did it again and the same thing happened.  I thought, oh, geez, this is a dirty trick to play on someone.  I figured that if I went through Sulphur Springs, the object wouldn’t be there when I got out on the other side of the town (the town is lined with street lights).  I was wrong.  The object must have gone higher, since I couldn’t see it at all when I was driving through the town.  Once I got out of town, it was right there in front of me again.  It stayed in my vision, not wavering at all.  I had a turn ahead of me when I would be going north on Route 602.  I figured it wouldn’t follow me.  I was wrong.  I made the turn…and so did it, albeit a wide turn.  It stayed within my vision, a little off to the right, but in front of me.  I was nearing New Washington and really couldn’t wait to get home.  There’s a small hill before you get into New Washington and right before I got to the crest of the hill, the object sped off north east very fast and out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.9556;-82.8455
