Original case, I think. I want answers...;1996-06-30 20:00:00;2 minutes;Original case, I think. I want answers... Ok, I know its old info, but Its a true as could be.  My ex and I were in the car arguing.  I did the what-ever thing, and looked out the passenger window as he drove down highway 51 heading south to Decatur Il.  All of a sudden it was like someone turned on a big neon blue light.  My first thought was what the heck kind of farm equipment is that?  Then I thought, that's not farm equipment!  What is it?  Then it shut off, and me and him both went to the windshield and shouted,  WHAT WAS THAT?  Then it came back on!  We didn't say anything that I remember at that moment.  It was to high up to be anything from the field, but it wasn't moving, AT ALL, NOT at all!!!  Then as if this isn't enough- all of a sudden lightning fast-it was LIGHT out, like early morning..as FAR as my eyes could possible see. Except it was early evening.  No sun.  Then it went back to the Neon Blue Orb only and it was dark outside again, then it turned off.  No, it wasn't the great northern ! lights, I tried to convince myself that's what it was.  Back then I never heard of Blue orbs.  I thought u.f.o.s were supposed to be round silver disks so we only told a couple of our closest friends. Heck, I just told my sister last year. I want to know what's going on. ? I don't remember going home. My ex said we had lost time. I did have a few visions after that through the years, biggest one was Haiti's earthquake.  I did call someone, back then hoping to hear back, wishing to hear an explanation but I never did hear anything.  A few years after that I had the weirdest mark on my leg, it was a triangle that was made by 3 dots except each dot was a triangle and it was deep red like a bruise red.  Perfectly spaced out, perfect triangles. This is a true story as I'm getting to old for made up drama.  I just really want to know what we seen. Ps,  My past jobs are bank supervisor and a security guard.  I'm a grandma of two and I don't do drugs.;40.3308;-88.9816
AN UNUSUAL object;1999-06-15 00:05:00;1/2sec.;AN UNUSUAL object I was sleeping outside, and watching shooting stars come and go. My attention was very quickly drawn to a shooting star that came from the south to north. I noticed it was going much faster than any shooting star I had ever seen before or since. It than made a curved 90 degree turn to the west, without losing any speed or gaining any speed. It then turned another curved 90 degrees to the north. Once again it did not lose or gain any speed. I have no approximation on the speed but it carried itself unlike a shooting star in the sense that it went much smoother than a shooting star, if you can understand (like there was 0 resistance to it). It made NO sound and it was a white color with a goldn yellow touch.;40.3308;-88.9816
Three orange glowing spheres moving quickly accross the sky.;2013-07-04 21:30:00;10 minutes;Three orange glowing spheres moving quickly accross the sky. As we were watching the night sky, we noticed a fast moving orange glowing object moving from south to north...no sound could be heard and the speed did not fluctuate.     There was no wind to speak of and it appeared to be rather high and glowing quite brightly.   Then a few minutes later, we saw another on a similar path, then a few minutes after that yet another with similar path.   I was able to capture this last with video on my phone as was my friend whom I was with.;40.3308;-88.9816
