Strange orbs/lights seen above and around Warren Point during Hurricane Bill;2009-08-23 03:00:00;3 mins;Strange orbs/lights seen above and around Warren Point during Hurricane Bill I was staying in a cottage near the beach the weekend that Hurricane Bill hit.  On Saturday night/Sunday morning - Aug 23d 2009, I awoke around 3 AM and saw strange bright lights out the window.  There was a light to medium steady rain that night. I awoke my wife and we went outside on the deck where we both observed 2 very bright orbs of light (or fireballs as they are called on this site) that were visible over both the water and beach in the area near and around Briggs March and Warren point. The balls of light did not seem to be attached to any craft or structure, they were large and bright whitish-blue colored (almost halogen-like), they made no noise and emitted no beams. At first I thought they were car headlights on Warren point because they moved together in parallel and they were very close to the ground (if not on the ground), but then they rose into the air and separated.  They were also too large to be headlights.  They made figure eights in the air and moved in many directions, they stayed generally close together as they moved but did not keep any constant distance. We saw them rise vertically and go horizontally faster than any machine could have done for the distance we saw them at, and they were in the air but stayed fairly close to the ground (my guess is that they did not go higher than a 100 yards off the ground.  They rose and fell as they moved, and in my best way of describing it: they appeared to dance or act playfully together.  They were clearly in some kind of intelligent control. We watched them move together until they disappeared toward the water behind some trees that blocked our view.  The whole thing lasted about 2-3 minutes. Both my wife and I witnessed this, we are both 25 and were not under any kind of influence of alcohol or anything else.  We are physically and mentally healthy and only she has eye problems, but while witnessing this she did had her glasses on. It was early morning and we were both sleepy, but seeing this strange sight instantly made me quite alert - this was no sleepy induced imaginary figment. We have ruled out every natural or man made thing we could think of.  The lights were about a mile away, and due to their size, brightness, location, and movement we have ruled out: people with flashlights, car/motorcycle headlights, planes, helicopters, spotlights.. etc  I have absolutely no explanation for what I saw, I hope someone else saw this too and will report it.;41.519;-71.162
