unblinking bright white light (star looking) moving at incredible speed changing direction instantly;1985-07-20 23:00:00;at least 1 hr;unblinking bright white light (star looking) moving at incredible speed changing direction instantly My cousin and I were 15 at the time and sleeping in a tent in the yard as it was hot and we had no AC in the house. I was trying to sleep and my cousin was laying with his head out the tent door and kept talking about a moving white light.  Thinking it was just a satellite, I did not look until told me it was changing directions instantly at high speed. When I looked, at first I could see nothing...but he told me to watch in this one area for a moment. What appeared to be a big, bright star took off instantly and shot across the sky at an unbelievable rate. It then stopped just as suddenly, making it hard to find, as it just blended in with the stars when not moving. Every once in a while, it would move slowly, maybe making small little circles before shooting back across the sky. Sometimes it would zig zag erratically across the sky, even changing directions 180 degrees without slowing down. The object seemed to travel back and forth generally in a line SE to NW. I watched it for about an hour, and finally got tired and went to sleep. My cousin watched for some time after that, and I think it was still visible when he went to sleep as well. When telling my Dad about it, he said that my uncle had seen similar lights, but in greater numbers. He lived about 10 miles away at Iron Mountain,MO and on many summer nights sat on his front porch watching them. One night one of them fell from the sky out of sight behind the treeline, and immediatly all of the other lights converged on that area and hovered for a few minutes before dispersing again. My uncle was not the type to make up stories about UFO's, and as a matter of fact I don't think he talked about it much for fear of people thinking he was crazy.  I read just a year or two ago about a professer doing research around Van Buren MO on UFO's in the 70's (I think). The visual desciption and movement of what he studied sounds as though it was the exact same thing my uncle, cousin,and myself saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));37.6183;-90.6016
Orange lights appearing and disappearing, again in Southeastern Missouri.;2006-03-03 19:39:00;18 minutes;Orange lights appearing and disappearing, again in Southeastern Missouri. I have looked at alot of Missouri sightings in your files on these orange lights, and wonder what they are. Almost all of the sightings are fairly close to where we were on March 3 2007. Well, here's what happened. Me (38) and my wife (38) went to Lake Hanna about 4 miles North of Ironton Missouri. This place is in St. Francois and Iron Counties. We went back to the far lake (Iron County) to see if we could see the lunar eclipse. But it was to cloudy and a little to late. We preceded to look to the south-southwest towards Pilot Knob Mountain and Taum Sauk Mt. (highest elevation in state). The clouds started to clear and we could see a bright star (possibly Venus) and the moon peaking out from behind the clouds. It is very dark out and we were amazed by how much light the moon emitted. Then, around 19:39 we noticed a orange-amber colored light appear in the sky in the same direction (S-SW} between the mountains, then another, and then another. The lights appeared to split in two and then disappear in same order they appeared. Me and my wife looked at each other and said what in the world did we just see? It almost seemed like they came out from over a cloud cover. The sky had cleared pretty much and we were watching the sky in hope of seeing something else. It had been about ten minutes, 19:49 on the van clock. Then it started again a bit different. The lights were bigger this time and appeared to be spinning with other lights shooting out of them. One looked like it shot toward the ground. Another light looked like it split and was making a banked turn on an angle. These lights looked like the size of streetlights (dime size).  We saw 4 of these lights appear and then disappear in same order.  Lasting I would say around 10 to 15 seconds each. It had been completely silent to this point when we started to hear fighter jets. We could not see them. The reason I know they were fighters is because I live a couple of miles from Scott AFB.  Every kind of plane imaginable has flown over our house at all hours of the day.  We go to the lake every weekend if possible. We got out of the mini-van to see if we could see the planes.  To this point we were watching out of the windows.  I called a friend down at the lake to tell him to come out here and what we saw.  Just as I got off the cel phone, it started again. This time the lights were even bigger (quarter size). Five lights appeared in the sky one by one till all five were lit. Then disappearing in same order. With the lights being bigger you could see more detail, it looked to me like the orange-amber lights had little white lights spinning around them in the middle. I looked at the clock and it was 19:57. We continued to watch the sky and saw four jets heading east in a single file line. That seemed strange that they were not flying in formation. Then we saw two more heading north and then two more way up there heading northeast. Eight jets we saw in total. Another strange thing was that the jets didn't have any flashing lights just solid red ones. We watched the sky for about another half-hour and didn't see anymore lights. It almost seemed like the jets scared them off. I know that they say the full moon and lunar eclipes have strange effects on things. I don't know if it had anything to do with that but on the way back to the cabin we saw three deer walk right down the side of the road by our van it seemed like they had no fear. We looked at them and them at us almost to say Did you see that too? We have gone back the last three weekends to the same exact place hoping to see the lights again. We haven't seen a thing. My wife and I have two children, married 16 years and never saw or believed in any kind of et stuff, but this really makes a person wonder. Me and my wife are both educated and working. My wife told a Air Force Colonel what we saw and he said it was probably the Air Force flying manuevers. I don't know exactly what we saw and probably will never see anything like it again. I hope someone there can tell me what we saw. My wife was able to get one picture on her cel phone and I will send it to you as soon as I can figure out how to get it on my computer or a picture of it.;37.6183;-90.6016
