The most beautiful experience of my life, a ufo closer then I could have ever imagined!;2002-05-12 01:40:00;6 seconds;The most beautiful experience of my life, a ufo closer then I could have ever imagined! It flew low, approximately three street lights high. I can estimate this, as I lost sight of it over top of our one floor house. It was triangular shaped and had three red lights on the points. It was completley silent and almost looked like a stealth bomber from the bottom, I have never seen a stealth in action, so I am not sure if it makes noise that low or not. The lights did not flash and were not bright, they were dull. It did not move as fast as a plane or slow like most people describe. It almost seemed yo glide. I would also like to note that the Northern Lights were out, if that makes a difference… ((FOLLOW-UP REPORT FROM SAME WITNESS, SUBMITTED FIVE MINUTES AFTER THE FIRST)) One Triangular Object, Dull Red Lights at Points. It flew low, approximately three street lights high. I can estimate this, as I lost sight of it over top of our one floor house. It was triangular shaped and had three red lights on the points. It was completley silent and almost looked like a stealth bomber from the bottom, I have never seen a stealth in action, so I am not sure if it makes noise that low or not. The lights did not flash and were not bright, they were dull. It did not move as fast as a plane or slow like most people describe. It almost seemed yo glide. I would also like to note that the Northern Lights were out, if that makes a difference… ((NUFORC Note:  The sighting is reported to have occurred at 01:40 hrs., and it was submitted at 01:40 hrs..  This raises questions about the report, in our opinion.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATIONS WITH WITNESS)) Dear Sir, Re: ((NUFORC Note: The sighting is reported to have occurred at 01:40 hrs., and it was submitted at 01:40 hrs.. This raises questions about the report, in our opinion. PD))      I am quite surprised that you have doubted my report and actually seem to deny my sighting. No wonder people decide not to report such occurrences. Just because my clocks will read differently then yours. Unfortunately I have no atomic clocks in my house...do you? So the variance of my times in regard to your times should not completely Invalidate my sighting.      As far as my multiple report… ((FOLLOW-UP REPORT FROM SAME WITNESS, SUBMITTED FIVE MINUTES AFTER THE FIRST)) Notice my headings...      The first:  The most beautiful experience of my life, a ufo closer then I could have ever imagined! I figured I sounded like a weirdo, after reading the other descriptions, so I decided to change it. Notice that the report is EXACTLY the same except for the heading.      The second: One Triangular Object, Dull Red Lights at Points. Please note, this is what you were looking for in the description. I described it instead of trying to 'sell' it, as I did in the first description.  Please if you could correct this and get back to me on this matter, I would appreciate it. My e-mail is ((name and address deleted)) Red Deer, Alberta Canada (403) ((number deleted)) ((END FIRST COMMUNICATION)) ((RESPONSE FROM NUFORC)) Dear Ms. ((name deleted)),    Thank you very much for your message.     I am sorry if you are offended by the comment added to your report.  It was not our intent to discredit the report, only to call to the attention to the reader certain elements of the report we had noted, which might have a bearing on it.    Please understand that we get EVERYTHING reported to us, and we have to be somewhat discriminating.  Even at that, we are not entirely successful.     I would like to include your comments with the original report, anonymously, of course.  May I do that??    Thank you for your follow-up comments!    Cordially,    Peter Davenport ((END NUFORC RESPONSE)) ((FINAL FOLLOW-UP)) Dear Peter, That would be perfectly fine. I would really appreciate that. Thank you for  replying so quickly. This is a wonderful solution, thank you for replying so  quickly. Sincerley, ((name deleted)) ((FINAL COMMUNICATION WITH WITNESS));52.2593730263158;-113.79446381579
I was on my back deck when I caught sight of a triangular craft transparent in appearance but I could still distinguish its shape from;2019-04-03 21:15:00;5+ seconds;I was on my back deck when I caught sight of a triangular craft transparent in appearance but I could still distinguish its shape from the sky above it.  It had 6 very dim, almost non- visible, white lights around the outer perimeter of the bottom of the craft.  There was zero noise being emitted from it, as it crossed at an altitude.  If I had to guess, I'd say 10,000 feet from a east to south direction with quick, sharp turn.;52.2593730263158;-113.79446381579
