A gold triangular shaped object with a red tail was seen hovering in the air west southwest of Blackwell, OK.  It hovered for at leas;1997-01-21 19:15:00;10 minutes at least;Summary : A gold triangular shaped object with a red tail was seen hovering in the air west southwest of Blackwell, OK.  It hovered for at least 10 minutes, then it faded quickly into black. At approximately 7:15 p.m. on the evening of January 21, 1997, I was driving toward my home in Blackwell, OK, when I glanced in the sky.  In the west/southwest sky, somewhere between 9-10 oclock I would estimate, I spotted an object.  Thinking it was a star at first, I looked back at the road.  Then, thinking to myself that it looked larger than a star, I looked again.  I couldn't get a really good look at it while I was driving, so I stopped in a church parking lot to watch it.  The object was larger than a star or planet.  I watched the object for just under 5 minutes, in which time it did not move.  It was a golden colored object with a red tail hanging to the left.  The red light at the end of the tail occasionally appeared to be flickering.  I went to my parents' home and they both went outside.  Both viewed the object.  We do not believe that it was a helicopter, due to the fact that the lights were large enough that if it were, we would have heard the noise.  We heard no noise at all.  My mother and I returned to the house to gather a few things and get in the car to drive away from the town and view the object.  However, when we went back outside, the object was gone.  Another witness we spoke with said she was watching as it disappeared, and it just faded into black, as if it were traveling away from her at a high rate of speed.  It did not appear to move from that position, so if it was moving, it would have had to have moved away at the same angle that we were viewing it from.  It did not just disappear all of a sudden, it was very bright (brighter and a little larger than the average star)and then began to get smaller and fade into black.  We proceeded to drive into the country and we never got sight of the object again.  We have not gone public with this story, but we would like to know what it was.  If it has a simple explanation, we would love to know!;36.7981;-97.2894
