In the summer of 2001 my brother (Mark) called me (Allen) I live here in Salem, Oregon. Mark was and still lives there in Sacramento, C;2001-06-09 20:00:00;25 min.;In the summer of 2001 my brother ((deleted)) called me ((deleted)) I live here in Salem, Oregon. ((brother)) was and still lives there in Sacramento, Ca. (Rancho Cordova is a suberb of Sac) he called to tell me he & his wife & two kids were watching a UFO as he spoke to me. I told him to go & get his video camera and film it. He had his wife (Maria) go and get it and they began filming it. It was north of Sacramento area over the city of Auburn, Ca. It was simply hovering not moving and was a good mile or so above the Auburn foothills. During the time they watched it two smaller UFOs came & docked with it and then left again. He was able to get the second smaller UFO on film as it left at a speed of hugh magnatute. It shot away so fast you almost miss it if you do not watch the film carefully. It turned colors at will but the camera did not capture the colors for some reason? After it had been there for approx 25 min or so it began shoting a beem of light or perhaps a lazer? down at my brothers home! the beam hit his neighbors roof then started torwards my brother and his two kids, when he told me that I told him to get them all inside and close the door and the curtains asap! Later that evening both my brother & I began making calls to the TV stations etc. This was what was so amazing--- nobody had reported it or called anywhere to report it! It was as if it were able to match their demesions or brain waves in such a way so that only they four saw it! The city of Sacramento is hugh as well as dozens of surounding suberbs and smaller towns all around and yet no-one saw this ufo or reported it! My brother mailed me the VHS tape of it and after watching it three or four times I looked online for a ufo center to send it to. It was Peter Gershwens (sic--Gersten)) UFO site. He emailed me after receiving the tape and viewing it to say it was a lousy filming job that only showed two dots one leaving the other. No thanks for sending it in no other questions nothing! Just a complaint that my brother did a lousy job of filming t! he sight ing. I was so angry that I ignored Peters email and told my brother if he ever saw another to just ignor it and don't even bother filming it since nobody seems to care. I am only sending this email because of something that I noticed when listening to a couple of sightings you had on Art Bells program this evening. That is-- the fact that in some sightings only a handful of people can see the UFOs! The hugh sighting over Phonix AZ. only a few saw why? I belive they have a way of aligning the dimesionial area they are in with the areas or perhaps brain rythims of those who are allowed to watch? You may be able to contact the other Peters UFO sight and get a copy of this sighting as I sent the original to him. Also accourding to christains the UFOs are belived to be the vehicles used by the angeles. Also as I have studied escatology for approx 15 years now I have found information from the now unsealed book of Daniel that the fallen angels along with Satan are to be cast down by Michael and the Lords angeles in the late spring or early summer of 2006. Please-- Simply note my information rather then erasing it because if it does occur it will serve as a witness of the fact that the Lords word in the Holy Bible is real and accurite. There are two other prophecys to note between now & 2006 first on July 5th of either 2004 or 2005 Terror such as the terror that occured on 911 will occur again, only it will be any type of terror attack on the US. And second the phophecy states missle 2004 N.Y. It does not say if the missle blows up or not only that New York state or City will have some sort of nuclear missle or perhaps dirty bomb missle attack attempted. (Please note also that 911 was prophecised along with dozens of others all being 100% correct---as well) I hope this helps in some way, please do not post my personal info or email address on your open web site. Only what was put for brothers my report ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.6055829787234;-121.267976595745
Red-orange ball of light over the skies of Sacramento, CA.;2003-09-19 12:30:00;1-2 minutes;Red-orange ball of light over the skies of Sacramento, CA. I work security on the graveyard shift where I drive a patrol vehicle around a parking area of office buildings in Rancho Cordova, California (just east of Sacramento). It was about 12-1:00am on Friday morning September 19, 2003 when I turned the vehicle to face south when something in the sky caught my eye. It was a circular red-orange ball of light that was hovering slowly east. If it were right in front of me I would have to estimate it at walking speed. The size, like throwing a golf ball straight up into the air about seven or eight feet. At first I thought it may have been a helicopter or airplane as this object was above Mather AirForce Base, which is inactive. Usually, however, a helicopter or plane is accompanied by flashing green or white lights, as I see them on a nightly basis. So I turned off the engine to my vehicle and opened the door to see if I could hear an engine of some kind ... there was nothing. This light continued to hover east for several seconds then came to a stop. It had only been still for no more than two seconds before it disappeared. It didn't fade or speed out of sight, but just vanished like turning off a light switch. I sat there for several more minutes hoping this thing would return, but it never did. I told myself I wouldn't sare this with anyone as they might think I was crazy, but decided differently when listening to the Coast to Coast AM radio program this evening with Peter Davenport. When Mr. Davenport shared his first experience of witnessing a U.F.O., my stomach sank like that first drop when riding a roller coaster. Not being a previous believer in this sort of thing, I know what I saw was absolutely real and someone else must have seen it too.;38.6055829787234;-121.267976595745
Whit round lights exact distance apart, same speed from South West sky to North East direction.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-03-26 20:00:00;0.5;Whit round lights exact distance apart, same speed from South West sky to North East direction. After 18 flew by two going the same speed but close together flew by. Then the original pattern began showing up and continue for 18 meore when suddenly two appeared again close together. Followed by the original pattern and distance and speed again.  In all maybe thirty in total. All going to same direction. I've never seen this before.;38.6055829787234;-121.267976595745
