Two Star-Like Craft Hover Over Randallstown/ Eldersburg Area, Dim down simultaneously and leave.;2008-04-24 22:45:00;1 minute;Two Star-Like Craft Hover Over Randallstown/ Eldersburg Area, Dim down simultaneously and leave. Last Night I was taking the dogs out to a field by our house where they go to the bathroom every night before we go to bed. When I was walking across the yard I noticed what appeared to be two very bright lights in the sky, one higher than the other. They looked like close stars. I kept walking in the direction of the lights toward the field and stopped at the field to let the dogs do their business while I watched. I had assumed that they were helicopters looking for one of our neighbors who have had a shady past however, I saw that there were no beams of light coming from the craft as a spotlight would. They were simply bright, a whitish yellow light like that of a typical household bulb.  As I watched the craft appeared to be at about the same altitude, but about .5-1 mile away from each other, making the distant one appear lower in the sky. They were motionless in the air, simply hovering. While watching I noticed that each craft had two strobes that alternated. One red and one white. These lights blinked in unison to each other although on separate craft. The crafts then dimmed simultaneously, although the strobes continued to blink, still in harmony. The craft then traveled off in the same direction parallel to each other, still at the same altitude.  I could not hear any noise, and am very accustomed to seeing and hearing helicopters in the area. Although I cannot judge exactly how far the closest craft was, I would estimate approximately 1/4 mile. The crafts continued in their path until they were out of sight behind a forest that was closer to me and obstructing the view.  Again, I could detect no sound and it was a clear quite night at about 55 degrees F.  This occurred between Lyons Mill Rd and Eldersburg MD just on the SW side of Liberty RD.  I have never seen anything of this nature before, nor am I prone to believe in aliens or anything of the sort. I am looking for anyone who saw this same thing. I reported this to the local news (WBAL TV) with no response.;39.4056;-76.9441
