Small star like object moving at incredible speed, stopping suddenly & proceeding at a series of right andle turns;2011-04-11 21:00:00;8 seconds;Small star like object moving at incredible speed, stopping suddenly & proceeding at a series of right andle turns I would like to report a sighting that coincides almost exactly to a report made by someone from Kennewick, WA in 09/2010.  I wish I could contact you to compare sightings. My sighting occurred in 04/2011, as I was visiting my sister.  I was about midway between Dallas and Fort Worth and about 4 miles south of the DFW Airport.  As I did often, I was sitting on my sister’s patio, early in the night, watching the aircraft going in and out of DFW.  While watching the aircraft it was not unusual to see an occasional satellite cruising across the sky.  On this, forever memorable night, I was on the patio talking on the phone with a friend of mine in Houston.  I remarked to my friend on the phone, “hey Greg I can see a satellite moving across  the sky.”  It was no sooner than I had said that when I dropped the phone on the concrete surface of the patio, breaking the cover off of it.  The assumed satellite I was watching had come to a complete stop.  It remained motionless for about 3 seconds before tearing across the sky at a right angle from it’s former position and covering about one-third of the sky in less than a second.  The object made 4 or 5 more similar maneuvers, all at 90 degree angles from it last position before moving in a straight line and disappearing.  The speed at which this thing moved was incredible, moving across large portions of the sky in less than a second. Thinking about the sighting in the future, it was almost as if the object was surveying the DFW Airfield.  The next day I was at a local restaurant talking with a friend of mine who recently retired from the FAA.  I, of course told him the story, expecting to see a surprised expressing on his face.  When I finished the story he finally turned to look at me and said, “(expletive) Steve, our pilots tell us (expletive) like that all the time.”  Ha!  I felt cheated as though the most profound experience of my life was suddenly made quite commonplace. There has never been any doubt about what I saw.  I only regret that I was alone. I had screamed for my sister and brother-in-law, but when they arrived, the incident was over.  I am very gratified I have your forum to share this with people who have had similar experiences.  I have no doubt that this object was manufactured, was controlled by intelligent operators and was not in the realm of any technology that I am have heard of.  I hope the person from Kennewick, WA will read this.  Their prior report certainly affirmed my sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));32.8525977602111;-97.1370517786561
