Multiple morphing UFO's in the skies from Trumbull to Norwalk 10/5/11-10/7/11;2011-10-05 20:00:00;3 hours;Multiple morphing UFO's in the skies from Trumbull to Norwalk 10/5/11-10/7/11 These events took place over the nights of Oct 5th-Oct 7th heaviest from 7-9 when I drive home from work. The first night I was leaving work and noticed a large glowing fireball low in the sky directly down from my work. I sat and watched it slowly hover and brightly glow for about two minutes.  It then separated into two pieces and flashing red and white like a normal plane.  They then began to loosely circle my location moving very slowly.  I looked around and noticed 4 or 5 similar plane like crafts hovering at the perimeter.  These events all took place near Corparate Drive in CT.   I began my trip back to Norwalk a little shaken and realized while traveling route 8 that they were everywhere in the night sky flying low and making moves atypical of a plane. I noticed 4 distinctive types so theses may have been different crafts or the same craft changing forms. The first craft is a glowing or burning ball usually rising up or sinkin into the horizon. The second ! craft appears as alternating red or white strobe lights. They would flash in a line across the sky extremely quickly but occasionally they would jump backwards. I noticed as many as 10-15 of these flashing probe crafts in a grouping. At times it appered they were going to crash into the highway due to the deep dives they woul take. The third craft resembled a small black plane but it was octagon or triangle shape. These could pass as military planes if they weren't so low to the ground and making such dangerous moves low to the highway and trees. These are what I think the glowing balls turn into. I did notice that some of the black triangles were often shadowed by a small re or white light craft that would stick by it's side for a while or dart away. I also noticed black craft that might resemble a helicopter but clearly were smaller almost like they were seated bodies encased in metal flying around. These types of events replayed themselves over the evenings of Oct 5th-7t! h from Trumbull to rt 8 to 95 south to Norwalk heaviest betwee! n 7 and 9 but sporadically all night. I caught some of the sightings from the second floor of my building which has twin 8 foot windows that look out over a few miles. Most of these indoor sightings were glowing balls that morphed into triangle crafts with rows of red, white and green lights. The important thing to note is I rarely heard any type of noise from any of these crafts except for a couple times that the glowing balls morphed to crafts and made a faint helicopter sound. Many sightings took place in my condos parking lot with three other witnesses. The date was Oct. 6th, 2011 at 8:30 PM and we saw the strobe lights countless times all over the sky,  approximately 6-8 glowing balls morph into planes, 8-10 low flying black triangle craft with red and white rows of light, and finally 2 apparent military craft long and skinny very high in the sky leaving behind a long smoke plume. One followed behind the other in a perfect line. Myself and the other three witnesses realized tha! t despite how high these were and how incredibly fast they were moving in the direction the black craft went, they were the only crafts we saw that made any sound whatsoever. I was unable to film or take pictures of any of this but I am purchasing a high quality video camera to film because I have a nagging sense that this may start to be a frequent occurrence.;41.1171899280576;-73.4230568345324
