Bedside Abduction.;2003-09-01 22:00:00;3 minutes;Bedside Abduction Almost 15 years ago, i experienced something as a 12 or 13 year old that I couldn’t explain.  Maybe five years ago or so I reported this, but I forget where, and I’m not even sure it was a legit site.  So this time I wanted to again record and submit this to a site centre where I knew it would be logged. In about 2003, when I was 12 years old, I’m speculating on the exact date, but I lived in a two story house out in the country, about a 5 minute drive from Lake Erie, 1.5hrs south of Toronto.  My bedroom was in an upstairs room, next to my brothers room, on one side of the upstairs.  I went to bed at approximately 930 of so, and I had an alarm clock radio next to my bed which had green numbers to tell the time.  I would always hit this one button on my radio which would play music for 59 minutes and then shut off, and in that time I would be asleep. On this particular night I was listening to the radio trying to fall asleep.  I remember it was a Kelly Clarkson song that was playing, and I suddenly, with my eyes being open, found myself “flipped” on my bed.  So that my head was now where my feet were, and I could see my alarm clock on my bedside table next to my feet.  I was still facing he same way in bed, which was north.  My bed was in an East-West direction.  I laid down with my head on the east side of my bed, looking North, and now my head was on the west side of the bed lookin North.  This whole “flip” lasted about 5 seconds or so.  I could still hear the song playing on the radio. I then remember being outside my house, hovering over the roof, I would say, maybe 200ft above the roof of the house.  I don’t remember being sucked up and out of the roof, just remember being there.  I could see the countryside around me.  We lived close to several forests and there were many open fields of agriculture in the area.  My grandparents also lived around the corner from us, which I could get to by walking or riding alongside the fields.  All of this landscape was discernible to me as I hovered.  I would say I looked around for 2-5 seconds while hovering in the air.  I was still laid on my side while hovering, and could not move my body, just was able to turn my head 45 degrees or so.  Looking up towards the sky, there was a bright light shining down towards me.  I don’t recall seeing any craft, nothing I could make out. Just a very bright yellow/white light.  I would estimate the light was maybe 100ft away from me.  Still paralyzed from my neck down, and still looking up at the light,  I spoke.  I’m pretty sure it was just my thought that was saying this, i didn’t actually say this out loud. I said “Please, don’t take me. Leave me here.  Take someone else”.  After that, I was placed back on my bed in the position that I was initially flipped to, with my head on the west side of my bed and my feet next to my nightstand with the radio on it. I don’t recall being moved back to my bed, just remembere being back on my bed after the incident. I would say the whole encounter lasted maybe 20 seconds or so. When I was placed back on my bed, the same jelly clarkson aong was still playing. While it was still early in the evening, I got up and went to my mother, who was awake downstairs.  I told her what had just happened to me.  She told me I must have had an out of body experience.  The two of us never spoke of it again until maybe 3 or 4 years ago. At the time of the incident I was just a regular kid, in the sense that I knew what a UFO was, but was never fascinated or intrigued by th or gave them any thought. I’ve told my wife what happened a few years ago. Not really sure if she believed me or not but other than those two occasions with my mother and with my wife, I’ve never spoken about it with anyone. I just think it is a crazy thing to happen and to keep it to myself without reporting it to a credible organization would be doing a disservice to many people out there. Since then, I would say I’ve had two other encounters, one where I was frozen through my apartment window by bright lights, and the second I observed some suspicious lights flying over the road I was driving on. I think the encounter where I was frozen by lights outside my window could be related to my first experience, but obviously I’m not sure.  I’ve never told anyone about these other two occurrences, and have not reported them either. Hope this helps you guys. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.883;-80.1129
Stationary object with constantly changing colours seen by two people.;2019-02-09 22:40:00;2 hours;Stationary object with constantly changing colours seen by two people. This was our third encounter in this area.  We were returning to the Toronto area from Port Dover heading East on St Johns Rd.  My wife noticed a scintillating star (22:40) ahead which was the same as our first encounter. After turning North on HWY 6, I started looking for a good place to get off the main road and she started unpacking my Nikon DSLR.  After shooting a few shots directly out my driver side window at right angle to the road (42.857849 N -80.128051 E, bearing 77 degrees East, 20 degrees elevation 22:53-23:01 - dsc0475.jpg – dsc0488.jpg and dsc_0487.mov) and not being able to get a clear shot I switched to video.  The object was cycling through the entire spectrum four times a second (Established by image DCS_0478.jpg, which was an accidental shot while still lining up the object, the motion in the shot is from the camera moving, but the shutter speed was ½ second and the entire colour spectrum is cycled twice). At the point I was sure it wasn’t a star or any natural object I had seen before, nor was it the ISS or a satellite.  It didn’t have the lighting for a licensed aircraft.  I thought it might be a drone until it had been visible for 30 minutes, I haven’t known any drones with the ability to stay aloft that long. We then packed up and travelled down the highway a few kilometers to another street in an attempt to triangulate a location.  At that location we took some more video and photos (42.905104 N -80.099142 E, bearing 75 degrees East, 20 degrees elevation 23:10-23:12 - dsc0489.jpg – dsc0492.jpg and dsc_0491.mov) which turned out the same. We packed up again and headed out hoping to see some noticeable change in the bearing.  While driving my wife attempted to get some photos with my camera while I was driving (DSC0492.jpg – DSC0503.jpg) with varying degrees of success.  She also took some photos at the observation stops over my shoulder (Jarvis1-Jarvis3). We finally lost sight of the object as we merged onto the HWY403 as we entered Hamilton and came down the escarpment.  We may have caught sight of the object in the predicted location according o my in-dash navigation system, but as we hadn’t had LOS through Hamilton, I’m not willing to guarantee that it is the same object.  If it was, we still had sight of the object when we reached our destination at 01:00 in Brampton and lost sight behind buildings.  At all times the Navigation system showed the object as being East and we could see it at 20 degrees elevation. At no point were we able to identify the object.  The colour changes reminded me of old Commodore 64 programs that would cycle through the colour palette to create a flashing sprite.  I still wonder if an object like this were seen 2000 years ago if it could have been the Star of Bethlehem and wondered how long it could keep the same position relative to the ground.  Even the stars had shifted close to 20 degrees from the Earths rotation over the entire trip. Some of the images when image filters are used appear to show faint ghost copies of the object. We’re planning a follow-up trip for a week this summer in the same area to see if we can collect more data.;42.883;-80.1129
