several flying objects surrounding one bright light that moves in different directions.  ((NUFORC Note:  Jupiter in E sky??  PD));2010-07-11 03:00:00;the past two days so far ;several flying objects surrounding one bright light that moves in different directions slightly Dear NUFORC, I was awoken last night at about three a.m by my mother and roommate. They asked me to come look outside that they have seen a UFO. I rolled off the couch and when I looked, there was a bright light, that looked like a star...  The problem?  It was moving in circular, diagonal, vertical and horizontal motions.  It is sort of difficult to see, but if stared at long enough it is possible to see the movement.  Also, it seemed to have smaller red dots sort of behind it, but still part of the same craft.  Not only did we see this moving object but we saw a much smaller, and less dim, object come from the larger UFO and fly through the sky and disappear! I cannot even explain the amazement we all shared. Now, tonight, I decided to follow up on what I had seen last night and it is there again! It isn't even that far over in the sky as it previously was before..  Maybe a foot or so from my point of view. Tonight already I have seen about five flying objects around this light. They fly around it and then seem to disappear out of nowhere.  One my boyfriend pointed out and because before disappearing a blue beam of light shot from it.  Please look into this.. I feel as if my family cannot be the only ones who are witnessing this. P.S my boyfriend, a skeptic beyond all belief, even agreed that there were flying objects and that the white light in the sky was moving! I still remain amazed as I write this letter to you. Sincerely, An Interested Viewer;41.701;-71.5194
I saw 6 or 7 red lights slowly moving in the sky north of West Warwick, RI that were heading north;2011-09-17 20:05:00;@ 5 min;I saw 6 or 7 red lights slowly moving in the sky north of West Warwick, RI that were heading north On 9/17/11 @ 8:05 pm in West Warwick, RI, I was walking my dog north on main street. I heard what I believed to be gun shots form the West Warwick Police firing range at the time and looked in the direction.  I noticed 6 or 7 constant red lights (not blinking) rising up from the horizon one after the other evenly spaced arching to the west.  There was some cloud cover and the lights appeared to be slowly heading north.  I attempted to use my IPod to photograph them but there was insufficient lighting.  The lights were low in the sky from my position and I had difficulty determining the distance. They gradually faded as if heading into the cloud cover.  There were no aircraft in the area.  Providence Airport is to the East of the sighting location.  The lights did not have green or white strobe lights as normal aircraft.  I wonder if others noticed the lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.701;-71.5194
