Triangle/Diamond with white lights, hovering and rotating around axis;1996-06-25 01:00:00;3-4 minutes;Triangle/Diamond with white lights, hovering and rotating around axis I am 33 years old today, so this occurred when I was 20 years old.   But even though this was 13 years ago, I remember it vividly.  It has never left me, just for some reason started to think more and more about it lately. There was a small group of us over at a friend’s house, planning to spend the night.  As the evening was winding down, a few of us stepped outside for some fresh air.  After a bit of time the other individuals with me decided to go inside, but for some reason I thought I’d just stay out there a little longer. I remember looking straight up at the sky, and marveling at the fact that it was so clear.  There were tons of stars out.  As I was looking up at the stars, something caught my eye.  At first it had blended in with the rest of the stars, but I soon realized that there were a set of white lights moving with each other, slightly rotating.  (Since the object was high up in the sky and it was dark out, the lights were the only thing I really saw).  At this point, the lights appeared as if they were in a triangle formation, equi-distant from each other.   The object remained in the same point of the sky, but started to ‘revolve’ around it’s vertical axis.   This is when I started to realize that it was a 3D object.    As the triangle shaped set of lights began to rotate at a moderate speed, the triangular plane created by those lights became slanted until I was looking at the very edge of the triangle (for a split second I just saw a line of lights).  As it continued to rotate, the! triangular plane appeared again as if viewing it from the other side.   All this was happening on/near it’s vertical axis, but the entire object start to revolve around the horizontal axis as well.   As it continued to revolve it began moving slowly across the sky.   After moving at that speed for  a bit, it sped up considerably until it was out of sight in a matter of seconds.  It traveled a long distance in a very short amount of time. As I was watching this, I remember feeling that this object was way up in the sky, and very large.  My setting was almost void of any sound, and this craft did not add to it at all, there was no sound (but it took me a bit to realize this, since it was so odd).  I also thought the lights must have been very bright considering the fact they were competing with stars from my original vantage point.   I couldn’t believe what I had seen, and was/am sure it was from another world. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));38.5439999999999;-91.0154999999999
