life changing event for me will not view skies ever the same.;2004-03-01 21:00:00;3 min.;life changing event for me will not view skies ever the same. coming home from work at the top of the hill after the salt ash inn on 100A in plymouth vt. I saw two lights hovering just above tree line in a field about 100 ft. up the lights were about 50 ft. to 75 ft. apart. they were absolutely still, yet pointed at my car, being who I am I stopped imeditely to observe it. My fist thought was a u.f.o but, it could be a D.A.R.T hellicoptor. I stopped my car in the road, turned off the radio, poked my head out of my driver side window to listen, ii heared nothing, it was about 45degrees and the moon was bright, the craft's lights watched me for say- 10 seconds then the lights or the craft turned on a dime and flew above tree line slowly away toward Rutland/north clarrindon area.I made a u turn, went down the hill. as I got to the plymouth store i saw it flying just above tree line slowly with no jet trail. I asked at every house in plymouth if anyone had seen it, withj no success. the last house I asked invited me in and showed me a video. I do not know what to do with the video.if it's a government ship ,hats off to you, why me? call me ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) The craft was just hanging in the air about 150 ft. up, it was over a field in the town of plymouth, over a farm. Two lights simular to car lights maybe fifty to 75 ft. apart the lights were looking right at me for about 20 seconds then turned on a dime and slowly hovered above the tree line just like a movie. I had stopped my car in the middle of the road as soon as i saw the lights, rolled down my drivers side window poked my head out I heared absolutely no noise. I puled a u turn and followed it down to rt. 100 it was flying just above tree line slowly, with no exaust trail. it was about 50 degrees that night and the moon was pretty full. I asked everyone in plymouth if they had seen it and had no luck my last try I found a house where all three people had seen it and they had taken a digital video which the father showed me I have not decided what to do with the video. ((END)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have sent two messages to the witness, and have received no response.  PD));43.4983;-72.7099
