Extremely bright electric blue perfect circle or ball of light super super fast flying from N to S in PA towards the moon 2-3 seconds.;2017-09-30 19:50:00;2-3 seconds;Extremely bright electric blue perfect circle or ball of light super super fast flying from N to S in PA towards the moon 2-3 seconds. I was sitting in my car talking to my buddy who was facing me.  As I looked up at his face to respond to him I saw a super bright electric blue perfect circle go flying by in the sky way above the cloud shelf.  It was flying faster than anything I've ever seen in my life and I am 30 years old.  I've seen plenty of shooting stars some in person and meteors in video.  It was not like those at all.   I am having a hard time describing what I saw, but I would say it was a perfect circle, it was electric blue very bright possibly the brightest thing I've ever seen.  It flew faster than any man made object.  It was flying at a million miles an hour, it was that fast and it had absolutely no trail behind it and no rays coming from it and it did not flash or flicker it stayed lit.  It was flying from the north towards the direction of the moon.  The only reason I lost sight of it was because of very thick cloud cover and then it was gone.   I hope this is descriptive enough for others to envision what I saw.  I am not a huge believer of UFOS but I'm not closed minded either.  I don't know why we are so special that we are the only things that exist.  But I can say this is the first and only time I have witnessed anything like this.   I'm still having trouble understanding what I just saw.  It is not man made in my opinion because the G's this thing was pulling due to its speed would surely kill anything from this planet.   My background is that I am 30 years old a white male and work at a private golf club in PA. College educated and extremely mechanically inclined and I am an avid fan of cars mostly muscle cars.  I own a supercharged Buick daily driver and a 68 Chevelle Complete and a 69 Camaro in progress.   Okay so that's about it for me.  I hope Im not the only person who saw this tonight in PA.;39.8545;-75.3773000000001
