((HOAX??))  Orb shot a beam into my face.;2008-07-31 22:40:00;2 minutes;Orb shot a beam into my face. July 31st, 1040 pm… I have reported what I have seen on every single clear night but one night…since June 17th to MUFON, and the National UFO Reporting Center.  I have seen mostly orbs with 2 witnesses…several times per night. I have said I will take a polygraph, I have offered for someone to come out and view it with me, and I took 2 photos, and I have DVD video evidence as well.  But tonight was much different. I was not even looking up to the sky, and a light hit my face from above.  The light blinded me for a second…I looked up and saw in detail a white orb, at a very high altitude, seemingly spinning, and a blue-white beam was shining from it.  As I jumped up out of my seat, (thinking I was going to have a Travis Walton Experience), the beam shut off.  The object was hovering.  When the light/beam retracted, the object changed directions, moved even higher, and started moving northeast at a fast rate, until it was out of sight.  My face right now is tingling…and I am actually shaking, as it scared the hell out of me.  I know this all sounds hard to believe, but I am willing to show you what I saw, and I am willing to take a polygraph.  The object was bright white, and made not a sound.  My face is not sun burned like Richard Dreyfus in Close Encounters, but it is tingling right now. I want someone to sit with me.  You don’t even have to look up all night at all.  I will spot it…and direct you to where it is in the sky.  For some reason, it seemed to want to make contact with me.  I think this is significant, and I want someone to check it out, follow up on this…before they stop appearing.  This has been consistent since June 17, 2008, but never before had it shined a beam down.  I am 40 years old, never saw anything before…I actually hate being ridiculed, and I cannot stand attention…but I do think this is important…I have a gut feeling…that will not go away.  That is why I go outside every single night…hoping to see it again…They just started showing up…I don’t know why…I don’t know how…but I am beyond frustrated with the reactions I get from people, and at this point, I refuse to talk to anyone except people who will at least hear me out…and have experience in dealing with UFO’s.  Whatever shot a beam down at me…was at an extremely high altitude. I don’t even bother telling the neighbors, or my friends about this.  My parents never believed me either…until they saw it themselves.  I have seen more stuff like this than anyone I have read about…and no one seems to care.  I just don’t think this one can be explained away.  What experimental aircraft makes no noise…hovers….and shines beams down to someone’s face from way up there?  My face has been tingling since 10:40…it is now…11:22. ((NUFORC Note:  One of several reports from the same source.  We do not know whether they have been submitted as serious-minded reports, or whether they are hoaxes.  PD));42.0094;-87.8354
((HOAX??))  2 Huge White Orbs...moving slowly...at different directions...Chicago, IL;2008-08-01 22:00:00;1:00 minute;2 Huge White Orbs...moving slowly...at different directions...Chicago, IL At exactly 10:00 pm...last night...08/01/2008...I happened to look north (I am usually looking south), and I saw two orbs last night...1 heading southeast...it was the 2nd largest and brightest I have seen yet...Of course...I didn't have my camera with me...ran inside.... got it...but it was too late. It was low altitude...moving slower...and silent again. Then...I saw another one...heading due north only 5 seconds later.  It was at a very high alt. It hesitated as I explained before....and took off at an incredible rate...lighting up the sky around it. ((NUFORC Note:  One of several reports from the same source.  We do not know whether they have been submitted as serious-minded reports, or whether they are hoaxes.  PD));42.0094;-87.8354
The object stayed in the sky in one spot for about 40 seconds after i spotted it, then i turned to point it out and it disappeared;2009-07-11 17:00:00;40 seconds;The object stayed in the sky in one spot for about 40 seconds after i spotted it, then i turned to point it out and it disappeared I was the passenger in the car, and i noticed a plane flying. Then just to the right of the plane i saw a black oval shaped object in the sky. I honestly thought it was a bug on the winscreen it was so still, but i was able to guage it with the planes flying by. (we live near O'Hare airport). I watched it for about 40 second, telling the driver to look at it, he was not able to see it, it was very small. I turned to him and tried to get where his eyes were looking, but when i turned back it was no longer there, i could not find it at all. It was very paculiar, something i had never seen before in the sky, and i would never had said UFO if there were not planes flying by to prove it was in the sky hovering in the same spot. It was oval, and black, thats all i saw, no lights or anything.;42.0094;-87.8354
