((HOAX??))  Triangle Hovers & Shoots Out A Beam Of Light & Follows A Commercial Flight.;2008-06-17 22:15:00;2:15;Triangle Hovers & Shoots Out A Beam Of Light & Follows A Commercial Flight. Ever since I was a little kid, I have watched the skies.  I love to star gaze, even if it makes my neck sore.  I have lived 5 minutes from O’Hare Airport for 32 years.   I know full well what a helicopter or plane look and sound like.   I have seen just about every aircraft the military displays at over 20 air shows in my lifetime.  I have seen tons of meteors when I lived Arizona for 8 years. On Saturday, June 07, 2008 at 9:22 p.m., I saw a huge white orb brighter than the moon head directly over my house in a southeastern direction.   The orb was silent, it moved slowly and smoothly.  It was at a pretty high altitude, so the size of this thing was astonishing.  I reported the sighting to MUFON and the National UFO Reporting Center.  Ever since that night, I watched the same areas of the sky…hoping I would see it again. I did see it again tonight, June 17, 2008 at 10:15 p.m.  I saw what I thought was a star just light up so bright, and move slowly downward, it hovered for a couple of seconds, and I could see the shape of the craft this time.  It was definitely triangular.  The light that came off light up the sky all around it like an electrical charge, and the color of the light was a very bright bluish-white.  After it hovered, it turned and took off an absolutely incredible rate of speed, and followed a commercial flight that was heading due north.  It easily caught up to the flight, and passed it up as if it were standing still. I have seen some weird things up in the sky, but this was by far the most unexplainable thing I have ever seen.    Only the Joint Strike Fighter Lightening II, a helicopter, or a Harrier Jet can hover like that.  All I know is…both times I have seen this thing it was silent.  It is my theory the only HUMAN thing I know of that could fly like that is…the Air Force/NASA experimental TR3-A or TR3-B “Night-Walker”, which is part of the Aurora program.  Or it is an alien craft from another world.  A shooting star or meteor does NOT hover like that, and when I see them…they flash across the sky quickly.  I have never seen a meteor turn either.  I will be out there with a video camera from this night on.  I am located in Park Ridge, IL, but perhaps worldwide…if you want to see what I am seeing, check the skies at night…find the big dipper star formation.  I have seen other orbs fly either due north through the big dipper, or just east of the big dipper. You may dismiss it as a plane at a high altitude…until it stops up there.   They might deny it, but the O’Hare radar has to be picking these things up…unless they are cloaked or stealth.  I am located about 3 miles northeast of O’Hare. Check it out…experimental or alien…it sure is fun to wonder.  Once you see it…you will believe. ((NUFORC Note:  One of several reports from the same source.  We do not know whether they have been submitted as serious-minded reports, or whether they are hoaxes.  PD));42.0094;-87.8354
