Bright star-like lights moving in ways meteors and satellites do not move.;2013-06-22 04:30:00;20+ minutes;Bright star-like lights moving in ways meteors and satellites do not move. A star-like object moved at a steady speed in one direction from about 45 degrees from zenith due West to slightly West of Zenith and slowed down to a complete stop.  Did not stop suddenly.  Two  streaks of light flew rapidly across the Western sky from North to South.  The stationary light that stopped near Zenith stayed there for about 20 minutes and looked like one of the stars until I went inside to get another witness.  When I went back outside it was gone, but other star-like objects were moving in non-straight paths and seen by another witness. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.5511;-73.2152999999999
5 fire-orange colored spheres,moving quickly and without sound in Woodbury.;2013-09-07 22:00:00;4 minutes;5 fire-orange colored spheres,moving quickly and without sound in Woodbury We were driving from Washington, DC, to Woodbury Ct on Rt 47 at 10:00 pm on Saturday, September 7, 2013.  As we were passing Painter Hill Road my teenage son noticed what he thought was a very bright star.  Then he said Oh wow, it's orange and there are a bunch of them.  We pulled over, turned off the car and lights.  We were both able to capture what we were seeing with our phones.  We thought we were seeing a group of helicopters, mostly because of the speed they were moving, but then realized there was so sound coming from them at all.  It was a very dark and still night with light drizzle.  So whatever we were seeing was below the cloud cover.   We got out of the car to see and film better.  The group of lights reminded me of what a car cigarette lighter looks like when burning.  The orange color was very bright but looking at them did not hurt your eyes and they did not seem to emit any radiant light.  One light would fade out then back on.  The group went over our heads and one light faded and disappeared even though I felt it was still moving.  Then the rest were gone.  This lasted about 4 minutes.   We then drove back to Woodbury, slowing down in the open areas to hoping to see the lights again, but did not.;41.5511;-73.2152999999999
As above;2019-09-07 20:00:00;10 minutes;As above I saw a flickering very bright red and white light in the sky.  It looked much bigger than a star.  I watched it for about 10 minutes, it was perfectly still and did not move.   Suddenly it was gone, like someone switched the light off.   It did not look like an air craft.  It went away too fast.  I stood there for another few minutes to see if it came back, but it didn't.  It was a very clear night.;41.5511;-73.2152999999999
Low flying lights sighted performing strange maneuvers across a year time frame (still active);2020-02-17 18:50:00;20 minutes;Low flying lights sighted performing strange maneuvers across a year time frame (still active) Every once in awhile about a year ago, I decided to start looking out the window from my apartment at night.  One of these times, I saw a light that seemed to be moving across the sky. It was too low to be a plane, and had no sound. Just a strobing light. Fast forward to about a month ago, when I decided to start actively looking out my window. The sightings of these strange lights seemed to increase. They cannot be seen at all times of the night, so I decided to sample every so often each night. Sometimes I would see them, sometimes not. Fast forward to a few weeks ago. I decided to buy some binoculars to see if I could make out the craft attached to these lights. After locating some lights on a few nights, I managed to lock on several times with my binoculars. There is no craft attached to the lights. They are just strobing lights floating across the sky in odd ways. Fast forward to about a week ago. I started consistently looking out the window to find the lights. To my amazement, they had stopped. I had been seeing them at least once every 3 days. Therefore, I decided to take it easy and stop consistently looking out the window. Fast forward to the reporting date. On a whim, I decided to look out the window. I assumed it was mostly done, and I would not see anything more. To my amazement, in plain sight - 3 strobing lights. I was caught off guard. All of the lights were just strobing across the sky, starting from different points. I decided to grab my binoculars to see if I could lock on to one of them. I picked one and tried to keep it in view. As soon as I did, it started to zip around. Every time the light strobed, it would instantaneously zip to another position. I had a hard time tracking it, but didn't think much of it because it was in the view of my binoculars, therefore it was not going very far (perspective). I went away from the window to try and process what happened and then went in for another go. Since the binoculars weren't doing me any favors - there is no craft attached to the lights, I decided to look with the naked eye. Again to my dumbfoundment, this is where things got eerie. There were still 3 lights. All throughout the sightings, the strobe pattern had been gentle. It is very much like a standard plane strobe pattern. One light started strobing crazily. Its strobe pattern sped up and started zipping left to right in the tree line. I located the other light near the ground and it started to strobe much faster. After about 2 seconds, it shot 50 feet into the air instantly at every strobe. At this point, I was scared, so I stopped observation and shut the window.  I cannot ascertain if these lights know that someone (or me) is watching them. Additionally, these are not planes or UAVs. For one, there is no visible craft attached to the lights. For two, there is no sound. And for three, planes and UAVs cannot perform the maneuvers being seen. Since the appearance of the lights is almost daily outside my window, it is safe to say this is a hotspot (in my opinion). I am inclined to get the correct gear to video tape these lights however, I honestly was too scared to go outside and do so this time. Furthermore, what about next time? Will I be too scared?  For reference, I live in the Woodbury Knoll apartment complex. CT 64 is right outside my window at a distance of some feet. Across the road there are some buildings. This is seemingly where the activity is taking place. I do not have a good idea of the range at which the lights are from my window, but they are very low to the ground and fairly close. I am performing the sightings from lat / long coordinates: 41.526603, -73.181202. If you draw a line from the origin coordinates to lat / long coordinates: 41.525573, -73.182087, you will see where I am looking to see the objects.;41.5511;-73.2152999999999
