Oval orange glowing object hovers over Three Rivers Park, shoots laser-beam to ground. Not a balloon!;2003-01-10 18:30:00;30 minutes;Oval orange glowing object hovers over Three Rivers Park, shoots laser-beam to ground. Not a balloon! I went to the sliding glass doors to tell my dog to stop barking. It was dark out, and I saw an orange glowing object up in the air, about a hand width above the distant tree line, over Three Rivers Park. It was glowing as if from within, and I could amke out a slighlty hazy flashing red light on my side of the view, and a white or pale greenish-blue one just on the far side of the object. There was a stopped vehicle with headlights on, that had pulled off the road, facing this object. I figured this driver saw this, too. I was cooking, so I had to tend to the stove, and then returned to see the thing still there. It was perfectly silent, I got my dog to stop barking for a minute, I opened the door, and heard no sound at all. He started barking again, and as I watched this object, it just disappeared! My dog stopped barking when it disappeared. My boyfriend had been in his office, and I had said nothing to him about this. I went to the TV to see if there was something on the news, meanwhile I heard my boyfriend say, What's that thing out there? Then he said, This thing out there was up in the sky and it just shot a white laser-like beam of light down to the ground, then disappeared! He described the same object that I had seen. I went to the door, and saw thatt he car was gone, or at least his headlights were off. I had checked the news after that, and there was nothing about that. I have not gone to the park to see if it left any signs in the snow, and don't want to, really, thugh someone should, I guess. After the object had disappeared, I noticed the normal air traffic had returned. Planes usually appear as tiny pinpricks of light, as do stars, but this was as big as a thumbnail held out full stretch.;41.5511;-73.2152999999999
Rounded lighted object seen over Woodbury, CT.;2013-12-04 16:05:00;1-3 minutes;Rounded lighted object seen over Woodbury CT Me and my mom were driving home when suddenly a rounded object with lights appeared in our view. We watched it thinking it was an airplane but the lights did not blink or strobe.  As we were looking at it it got lower to the point where our car actually went ahead of the object ( this is how i could tell it was low because if it was high like an airplane we wouldn't have been able to pass it and to where the angle we had to look at it had to change ).  We stopped, now questioning what we were seeing.  The object continued to move past us ( to my view it was moving to my right and I was sitting in the passenger seat of the car, looking out the drivers side window) until suddenly, and i mean INSTANTLY, stopped and shot away into the other direction (away from our car, to the left of my view, and towards the rear of where our car was faced).;41.5511;-73.2152999999999
