1985 black triangle.;1985-06-25 22:00:00;1 minute;1985 Black Triangle On this summer night, I was 15 years old and looking through my telescope towards the southeast sky when suddenly I saw a HUGE orange fireball with a long tail in the direct southern sky over the tree line behind our house.  I ran in the house and yelled for my family to run outside and see it.  About 15-20 seconds went by before we got outside, my dad was first to get outside and was looking directly upwards in the middle of the night sky.  As I was about to tell him to go further in the yard to look to the south, I looked up and witnessed a large black triangle-shaped object directly over our house moving in a north-east direction.  My aunt lived about 500 yards to our north and was hanging clothes and also saw the object.  The UFO was very silent with some sort of white gases and some kind of faded starred lights in the middle of it that seemed to move with the object.  I remember thinking to myself that how could such a large object make no noise.  It went dir! ectly over the local phosphate mine (2 miles away) where my uncle worked and we watched it for about 30 seconds until it was out of sight over the mine.  Due to the dark sky, it is difficult to judge the altitude of the object, but I believe it was about 2-3 miles high.  My dad said if it was 100 miles high, it would be the size of Florida.  The next day on local radio, my dad said that he heard many people calling and talking about an object they witnessed. I don't know if the fireball and the triangle object were related, but I believe they were.  Presently, my dad is still an auto mechanic, my mom and aunt retired from careers in education, and I will begin my 23rd year as a teacher in August.  That one minute in time changed my life as we were extremely fortunate to be witnesses to something that we still speak of to this day as we are still astonished.;28.0181153225808;-82.1351120967747
Summer 1985 sighting;1985-07-10 22:00:00;1 minute;Summer 1985 sighting It was the Summer of 1985 (mid July) around 10:00 p.m. on a clear night.  I was in the front yard looking in my telescope.  I suddenly noticed a large Fireball in the southern sky headed westward (it was so large it wasn't moving).  I ran in the house to get my parents  to come outside to see it.  Within 15 seconds we were outside, but my dad looked straight up and as I was about to tell him to look in the southern sky I looked up and saw an object I still can't believe.  The Triangle object was huge and was over our heads in a northeast direction.  It moved slowly and made no noise.  It had some type of gaseous clouds in it and had some types of starry lights in it.  When I say in it, I mean you could see through it as it was pure black (not metallic).  But it was definitely a triangle object and as it traveled northeast, we could still see it about 2 miles away as it traveled over the phosphate mine.  My aunt was hanging up clothes and yelled down to us What is it, What is that?  We yelled back We don't know!  I called the local radio station and they said many people called in about the fiery object I saw and they said it was simply a fallen satellite.  I agree that it was a fallen satellite in the south because I've seen those before, but what we saw 20 years ago I can't explain.  Whatever it was, it had something to do with the fallen satellite. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));28.0181153225808;-82.1351120967747
Low flying, very quiet triangular craft with bright white lights flying very slowly over Plant City, Fl.;2015-05-19 20:30:00;~8 minutes;Low flying, very quiet triangular craft with bright white lights flying very slowly over Plant City, Fl. My teenage son and I were behind our apartment. His hamster had passed and we were looking for a spot to bury her.  We looked up and saw what, a first, we thought was a tower with lights that we had not noticed before.  It was a bank of lights that were very bright and a bit blurry so I cannot be certain how many - I would say four or five, my son thinks three.  These lights were in a straight line and, as I said, we thought this was a tower we had not noticed before because the lights were very low in the sky. However, when we looked up again they were closer.  There is a small craft airport near us and had the lights been headed in that direction or coming from that direction I would have dismissed them - they did neither, however.  The craft was slow, much slower than a plane or a jet would have been especially at that altitude.  As it drew closer we could see that the object was triangular.  All of the lights were very bright, and all white. It passed over us s! lowly, seeming to get lower as it went.  Because the lights were so bright we were unable to see anything distinguishing other than the shape and an obvious metallic sheen.  As it passed overhead we heard a noise no louder than a semi would make passing on a highway.  This sound was much lower than any jet or plane - however small - I have ever heard.  We could talk easily in low voices and hear each other though it was quite close.  As it passed overhead we ran through the breezeway of our apartment and out to the front where we watched it - still extremely low - pass over some trees and out of our sight.  We watched the skies, and listened, for a full half hour but did not see it return.  We were concerned maybe it was some sort of plane that was crashing as it was so low but, as I said, it passed much too slowly to be a plane.  We heard nothing after that, nor did we see anything more.  As it did not leave from the direction of the small airport nor did it travel in that directio! n I do not believe it was a small aircraft.  It was, by far, on! e of the oddest things I have ever seen in my life.  We have lived in this area for three years and have seen a lot of different small aircraft traffic from the little airport near us but this was like none of the planes we have ever seen.  Nor was this any type of glider.;28.0181153225808;-82.1351120967747
