Cigar shaped craft hovering over a tree line approximately a hundred yards from me and seventy five feet off the ground.;2015-05-20 13:45:00;5 minutes;Cigar shaped craft hovering over a tree line approximately a hundred yards from me and seventy five feet off the ground. Clear sky with minimal clouds.  I live at the base of two mountains in a valley where this sighting occurred.  Against the blue sky I noticed what appeared to be a plane over the mountain west of my house.  I paid no further attention and went back inside my house.  Approximately two to three minutes later a sound that I cannot describe as I have never heard anything like it before became very loud to the point I had to cover my ears.  The air seemed like it was electrically charged and my body was suffering from the sound.  Almost like standing in front of a bass guitar amp played at loud volume.  The first thing that came to mind was that the plane I had seen was crashing.  I went to my front door, which has a storm door as well entirely made of glass.  The storm door was vibrating so strongly I thought it was going to shatter.   I ran outside afraid that the plane was going to crash into my house and that is when I noticed what can only be described as a cigar shaped UFO, only one end came to a point where the other was rounded like a cigar.  It was approximately seventy five feet off the ground hovering parallel with a stand of trees that runs adjacent to my drive way. These trees are very old and tall, the craft seemed to be able to push the tops of trees out of the way as it continued to move.  It should have definitely made contact with the top of several trees but I could see them being pushed out of the way as if by some invisible force.  The length of the craft was easily two hundred feet at a minimum.  It had the appearance of brushed aluminum.  Even in the broad day light it seemed to emit a yellow/gold light from underneath it.  I watched all of this over the course of several minutes until it drifted away out of sight. It then appeared instantaneously over a mountain approximately a half mile in the distance where it went over the crest and down the other side.  I know that I should have been able to see it ascend the mountain!  But after the trees had blocked my view and it was out of sight for approximately ten seconds when it appeared out of nowhere at the top of said mountain. The moment I came outside of my house the noise and vibrations stopped. The craft made absolutely no noise and the only sound I heard while watching it was the rustling of the leaves as the UFO moved over them. I live in a wooded area and it is the first time I have ever heard complete silence. No birds or insects made any noise and at this point almost three hours later it is still dead silent.  I could see no windows but there were two spots that almost seemed like they were made of mercury very fluid like. They appeared to ripple as the sun reflected off them.  I have no mental health problems and I am not on any medication.  My nose had started to bleed at some point when I was watching the ufo but I did not notice it until I went inside but by this time my white T-shirt had been covered in quite a bit of blood so it had to be bleeding for several minutes. I have had a terri! ble headache ever since the noises and vibrations. I know I'm jumping around a lot in my text, I'm still shaking from the event and my mind is racing. I know what I saw was not a hallucination or a misidentification.  I could feel the heat radiating from the UFO and had I walked a hundred yards I could have been underneath it.  That is how close it was.  I hope I never see anything like that again.  The whole event happened over five minutes.  However when I went back inside thirty to forty minutes had passed. I had been recording a TV show on DVR that had just come on at 1:30 pm. The program was an hour long and when I had went back inside my house the program was nearly done with maybe fifteen minutes left.;37.8245;-83.7811
