Multi colored lights attached to saucer shaped craft at night;1990-06-06 22:00:00;5-10 minutes;Multi colored lights attached to saucer shaped craft at night I am unsure as to whether you can use such a dated report or not but I will submit it anyway. The dates are approximate.  I can not even attest to the year with certainty. It was a late evening sighting, around 10-11pm.  My neighbor and I witnessed at least a dozen lights, of different colors. They moved slowly through the night sky as if part of a single large craft.  At first only the lights were apparent, not the craft itself. The lights were mostly blue but there were also red, yellow, green and a few white lights.  All of the lights were of approximately the same brightness and remained solid the entire time they were on (no blinking or similar).  They also seemed to be arranged haphazardly around the craft (no pattern). We observed the object for 2 to 3 minutes as it moved slowly across our field of vision in an approximately West to East direction.  It was then, that a bright white flash emanated from behind the craft.  We could clearly make out the silhouette of a smooth saucer shape.  After the flash, most of the colored lights began to go out one by one very quickly.  After about 10 to 12 seconds, all but 5 or 6 of the colored lights were out. It was at this time that I became aware of the sound from the craft.  It was very quite but not silent.  I am not sure if it didn’t make noise before the first flash or if I just didn’t notice it. My neighbor said later that he was unsure as well.  The sound it made was a kind of hum  Similar to the kind of hum that some older electronics make.  I have since heard electric transformers (like the ones on telephone poles) make a similar noise. For the next 5 to 7 minutes, we watched as the craft apparently changed its direction very leisurely to the North West.  This was almost exactly away from where we were standing.  We observed two more flashes like the one I described.  Each time there was a momentary pause (for about a second) in the hum. We lost sight of the object as it moved away from us and descended behind a line of trees.  I estimate its length was around 25 feet long. Its height was approximately that of a two story house.  I feel confident in this estimate since I am familiar with the line of trees that it went behind.  They separate two fields that were used to graze cattle.  My friends and I sometimes used the field as a shortcut. I used the trees as a reference as it descended behind them.  Although it was night, the tree line is visible against the starry night.  Due to the hilliness of the ground, there was no way to see the bottom halves of the trees or the craft. Unfortunately, I am unsure of the exact date.  I was around 12 at the time, which would have been approximately 1990.  I think it was in the mid to late summer since we were outside without jackets and perfectly comfortable.  The moon was near full and the stars were plainly visible in the sky.  There were a few fluffy white clouds but the object was never near them. I believe the bulk of the sighting took place within a quarter of a mile away but I can’t say for sure.  The tree line that the object descended behind is at most a quarter mile away   I can’t say whether the object landed or not but it certainly flew below treetop level. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));37.8245;-83.7811
