UFO and Biological Entity seen by four children over two days;1977-10-15 18:00:00;30 seconds;UFO and Biological Entity seen by four children over two days. In the early seventies my family moved into a run down Civil War mansion in Hancock, Maryland. It was on the C&O Railroad with the C&O canal, tow path and Potomac river within a short walk.  It was an amazing place to spend many years as a child.  It was surrounded by orchards and the Tow Path from Washington, D.C., to the Paw Paw Tunnel was our personal playground. There were five children and two grown ups that lived together. Every child had their own room in this 31 room mansion.  All the children with rooms on the east side of the house saw a cigar shaped craft one night hover over an old ornamental fountain in the yard and suck water from it.  The next morning at the breakfast table they all drew pictures of the craft.  It was cigar shaped with orange windows in it. That morning the headline in the local news paper reported many people seeing strange lights above Lovers Leap which was a historical sight directly across the Potomac from the mansion in Berkeley Springs, West Virginia. We all had chores and that night mine was to feed the cats out on the patio.  The doors that lead out to the patio were french doors with a broken door nob.  If the door latched behind you, you would need to use a near by screw driver to open it.  It was a large screened in patio with terracotta tile floors.  We were hippies and had stuff all over the place including a mini fridge in one of the corners.  I went out to feed the cats and on my way back to the door I felt terror up my back.  I turned around to see a small being standing next to the minifridge with a look of fear on her face.  She was crouched with her hands clasped in front of her torso.  I knew she was a she.  And I knew she was as afraid as I was, like she was caught.  She was glowing amber, stood no taller than the mini fridge and looked exactly like the grays from Close and Encounters of the Third Kind but was much shorter and glowing amber. I was stunned and full of terror.  With container of cat food in one hand I pushed on the latched french door to run inside.  Without considering it had latched shut my hand went through the window as the door slammed open.  I skidded along the floor and ended up in a small pile of glass and dry cat food.  In the chaos I had sliced the palm of my right hand on the broken window and was bleeding pretty bad. No one believed me.  Everyone thought I was copying the other children who saw the craft. I hope that little biological entity found her way home.  The scar on my right palm is my proof of that experience.  This experience opened me to a life spent researching and reading about UFO's and ancient mysteries. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.6969;-78.1765
