Bright light hovers & makes Fast right angle turn into atmosphere;1973-06-30 20:00:00;2-3 hours;Bright light hovers & makes Fast right angle turn into atmosphere I was 13 years old . It was summertime . A group of us kids used to play cards on the playground or sometimes at a neighborhood pizza parlor. This night we were at the pizza place sitting at a table by the window . It was about 6:00 - 7:00 when we arrived and it was still light out.Looking out the window directly to the east we all saw a bright light just above the horizon . My first thought was  this is a star of some kind but much brighter than any other star I have seen . It kind of flickered at times but stayed at the same place & maintained the same intensity for about 2 hours .I thought during this time it must be a plane coming this way but It never really seemed to move at all.At dusk some of the group left.Two of us remained and we went to sit on the steps outside . The light seemed even brighter now being darker out but seemed to be in the same place. I mentioned something about the light to my friend & we both looked at the same time. Just then the light sped north and then made a perfect right angle turn straight up & gone!This happened in a split second & it had to be going very very fast. I have been told it was probably a meteor.I cannnot guarantee this was a UFO but i feel it was .;43.0184;-88.0157
Greenish blue light made a u-turn over 71st and Greenfield.;2014-12-05 21:00:00;10-15 seconds;Greenish blue light made a u-turn over 71st and Greenfield Around 9pm Friday night, my fiancée, 6 month old daughter, and I were coming home from the store.  We were headed north on 71st street when we came to the red light on Greenfield Avenue.  I was looking straight ahead when I saw a teal-ish point of light zoom out from above the roof and tree tops heading west towards the lake.  I jokingly said, UFO!  It was moving really freely and fast, like a fast-paced teal satellite. The way it moved stood out to me, but I still thought nothing strange of it.  Suddenly, it made a really sharp, tight U-turn without changing speed or anything and without any effort and went back the way it came. I said to my fiancée, Did you see that?  He saw it too.  He said that maybe it was a remote controlled airplane?  We wanted to follow it but we were still stopped at the light.  Since the light we were at was a long one and no traffic was coming, we contemplated going through the light to see where this teal light went but didn't since there was a cop parked down the block.  A few seconds before the light changed green, the teal light came back.  I was only to keep track of it for a few seconds more until it got lost behind the houses and tress moving past. I have no idea what I saw, but I've never seen any aircraft with that color light before nor have I ever seen anything make such dramatic turns with no effort at all.;43.0184;-88.0157
Point of green light zooming back and forth between the rooftops in downtown West Allis.;2014-12-05 21:00:00;30 seconds;Point of green light zooming back and forth between the rooftops in downtown West Allis. My fiance, 6 month old daughter, and I were coming home from Target, driving down a residential street, when we came to the stop light.  Looking down the street, I saw a point of green light come into view from behind the houses.  I jokingly said UFO!   Then  as suddenly the light turned around with no effort or change in speed and went back from where it came.   We almost blew the stop light to see where it went since it disappeared behind the houses but we noticed a cop car down the street.  About 5 or 10 seconds later while we're still at the light, the green light came racing back.  I lost sight of it once the car started moving.   To me the green light I saw moved in such a smooth, careless way.  It changed direction in almost the blink of an eye...as if someone was playing with a laser pointer.;43.0184;-88.0157
