Rectangular shaped object with two rows of light formations traveling erratically, using 90 degree turns and hovering in the sky.;2009-12-05 21:06:00;aprox. 1:30 sec;Rectangular shaped object with two rows of light formations traveling erratically, using 90 degree turns and hovering in the sky. I am a mother of two young children I don’t drink or do drugs, am not taking any medication or have any problems with my eyesight.  At approximately 2100 hours on the night of December 5th 2009, I went out on my back porch to smoke a cigarette. It was a clear night, the moon was low over the horizon and it was approximately 25 degrees. After about a minute, I looked across my backyard to the sky above a single story duplex that is almost directly across from my back porch. When I looked up I saw a dark rectangular shaped mass, but it had a slight point to the front center.  Along the underside there were two perfectly aligned rows of 5 or 6 star-like lights. They traveled in perfect formation so I know that they were a part of the larger object. There was no noise, and because of the temperature and the hour I do not think it was a glider/parachute, etc. I watched this object for approximately one minute and thirty seconds. At first it glided closer to me in a very tight S pattern, making very sharp 90 degree turns. It was traveling South Southwest at a moderate speed, at one point it stopped completely and hovered above another duplex for a few seconds. I could tell because the lights were still and it looked to have one end lower down than the other, and that’s when I saw the rows of dim lights. After it hovered a few seconds it rose straight up in the sky, I could still see the light formations on the bottom. It slowly started traveling southwest again, and then it disappeared completely. It moved like nothing I have ever seen. The sharp angles of its turns and the speed at which it rose straight up into the sky were completely foreign, not to mention how it disappeared right in front of me. Shortly after, maybe 5 minutes later, I saw a plane traveling in the opposite direction that the object was traveling. The plane had! flashing blue, red, and white lights and left a trail.;36.6089000000001;-88.3030999999997
