A UFO sighting in Sweetwater, Tennessee in 1982, witnessed by many;1982-07-23 19:00:00;10 minutes;A UFO sighting in Sweetwater, Tennessee in 1982, witnessed by many On our way back from Englewood, Tennessee, me, my parents and sister witnessed a UFO hovering over a pasture just above the tree lines.  Craft was about the length of a three football fields long and was black with small windows around the mid-section of the craft.  You could not hear any birds or any animal noises that you would normally hear in the country. My parents took me and my sister home so they could go and see if they could see the craft any better from another area of the country.  My Parents told me to call the Airport to see if they had any missing blimps or aircraft in the area, which the conversation was recorded by the McGhee Tyson Airport Tower.  They gave me a number to call, but when I called it, it was a number to an institution for the crazy/insane.  I called them back to tell them this was no joke and it was very real.  I also know of others that lived in the same area, that also witnessed hearing a hovering sound over their residence and that their TV started making static sounds and they lost their picture but then a few seconds later, went back to normal. I have seen other UFO activity since then, up in the skies where they were flying irractically in the night sky back in 1988, in Maryville, Tennessee, while watching the stars at night.  My husband is not a believer of UFO's, but he could not explain the fast moving lights or what it could have been, since he is a Geographer and knows that stars can't move around like what he was seeing. I believe in UFO's and no one can convince me they do not exist.   I believe they are here to see how we react to unknown visitors and believe we are part of them in some way or another, but until we can be a peaceful nation, they will not present themselves because of our cruelty to others. If we show a more peaceful approach to unknown visitors, I beleive we can learn what we need to, to see why we are here and what our real purpose is for survival.  We can learn a lot from them, if given the chance to do so, and I hope that in my lifetime, we can have the opportunity to be friends with all the other unknowns in our Universe, because I believe they are others out there on Planets just like ours, that we haven't gotten to explore yet, but because of our limited education, many find it hard to accept that there is a higher being out there besides us, and they are out there, waiting for the right time to present themselves when we can accept that there is a more advance race than we will ever become for thousands of years down the road. ((NUFORC Note:  Source indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.598;-84.4628
