I was a small child when this happened,but remember it like it was yesterday;1984-06-01 00:00:00;5-10MINS;I was a small child when this happened,but remember it like it was yesterday I was a small child when this happened but i remember it just like it was yesterday.  My mother had just gotten out of the hospital and my brother and i were sleeping in the bed with her when i woke up i couldn't open my eyes because they were matted shut and this scared me really bad so once i got my eyes open i went into the living room and my dad was on the couch watching tv and so i told him what happened and he put me up on the couch with him and all of a sudden i got really cold it was in the middle of the summer and my dad had the door open so he asked me to go and shut the door which i did and i heard it latch and i went back to sit on the couch and my dad looked up and said i thought i told you to shut the door and i said daddy i did he asked me to shut the door again and there was a strong gust of wind that wouldn't let me shut the door so daddy told me to come and sit back on the couch he would get it in a minute as soon as i turned around to come and sit on the couch i seen this frightened look on my dad's face and he became very frantic and told me not to turn around and to get on the couch very quickly and sturn so what did i do i turned around to see this huge thing standing in our door way it had no face you could see his eye sockets and the color of him was very strange he was a grayish green looking very tall thing he held his arms out to me and my dad said no don't do that don't hurt her and the thing picked me up and just stared at me for what seemed to be 5-10 mins and then he gently let me back down i ran to the couch and my dad grabbed his gun he had a gun rack over his couch and as he ran after this thing it disappeared in mid air it was gone we didn't see anything else until about 2years later my parent divorced and me and my mother and brother moved into an apartment complex and my brother and i woke up to a blinding light coming thru our bedroom window and so we ran and got our mother and we all went outside and could see all the neighbors standing around this huge thing that was hovered over our apartment complex it was oval rounded shape like nothing i ever seen before and within 2 mins it took off and had a bright flash of light surrounding it shortly a month later my mother and my brother and i were on our way home and the roads that night were very odd deserted no one around and all of a sudden something was over the top of our car and the lights were so bright we couldn't see anything we begged our mother not to stop but she did anyways and then she got out of the car and the thing vanished very quickly and have never seen anything since then ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested that the witness submit reports for the other two alleged events.  Date of the event is approximate.  PD));35.598;-84.4628
At about 9 p.m. I looked out side and noticed several lights moving from the southeast to the northwest in a formation. I first thought;2012-02-22 21:00:00;2-4 mins.;at about 9 p.m. I looked out side and noticed several lights moving from the southeast to the northwest in a formation. I first thought they were helicopters but they were too high. one of the lights was leading the rest, out in front. the lights flew in a large dimond shaped formation. I called my wife to look at what I was seeing, she saw it as well. No noise came from them as they went over. about 1 minute later a second group came from the same direction. this time 2 of the lights preformed what I can only describe as high speed dog fighting manuvers. It appered to me these would have been almost impossible in the day time, let lone at night.;35.598;-84.4628
