I was at home in my condo at night.My condo faces the back of the 16 unit building.;2010-01-06 20:00:00;5 minutes;I was at home in my condo at night.  My condo faces the back of the 16 unit building.  There are usually planes and helicopters that fly over or near. This time it was different.  I saw a bright white light coming towards me way above in the clear sky.  As  it came closer,it got brighter.  My family was home, but I was so shocked that I couldn't speak.  There  was no noise from the craft-there is always a noise from planes and helicopters,not this time.  As it got closer over  head..I saw a half shaped small craft..with a white light in front and 6-7 small red lights in back of it.  I was thrilled,yet amazed at the same time.   I never thought I'd live to see the day when I saw a UFO!!!   After it went over the back of the building,I ran to the front of our condo and it didnt appear,the craft had disappeared !  I went to my mom and sister and told them..they were mad that I hadnt told them when I saw it because they wanted to see it too.By the way,I don't drink or do drugs.All my! senses were in tact. I said to them that maybe it was one of those unmanned drones that Los Angeles has over southern California to patrol it..then we thought about it and said no. Then I looked online that night to see if anyone else saw it or if it was reported on the tv news.Nothing was reported.So..I've told my story on some UFO websites now.Some people had similiar stories around the same time.The crazy thing is I only remember it happened at night  and on the first week of January 2010.I cant remember what date it was.Its like I'm still in shock.My family cant remember when I told them..though my sister thought I saw it New Years Eve.I dont think so. When I told my other sister I saw a UFO..she shared her own UFO story that happened to her years ago. Its like she was afraid to tell anyone because they might think shes crazy. I told a few people and they act like I'm nuts. I'm a sane person..I really am ! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Possible hoax??  PD));34.0501999999998;-118.529699999999
