I was a thirteen year old boy who was at church in Pacific Palisades Calif.My mother and I were attending my Confermation from the cath;1976-06-01 17:00:00;1 minute;I was a thirteen year old boy who was at church in Pacific Palisades Calif.My mother and I were attending my Confermation from the catholic church. We just moved to town and knew nobody so after the event about 300 kids and parrents were standing outside the church talking and congratulating each other. My mom and I decided to go to our car and leave but for no apparent reason my mon and I both looked up into the sky overhead and both saw the under belly of a huge craft that appeared to be a couple of football fields in size we were locked on to the craft and were completely unable to move, blink,speak,or look away it had us both captivated it looked like a huge triangle with a rectangle somewhere on it its corners were lights and it was emense. all the sudden the craft turned onto its side and disappeared into a pinof light. At that exact moment both my mom and looked at each other and started talking to each other did you see that, What was that, so on we imediatly looked around at the croud of people who surrounded us and no one saw what we saw because they were all enguaged in conversation still. we went to a pay phone called the police. P.S. Iam the type of guy who would love to yell in a crowd look in the sky but on this day it was as if we were paralised untill the craft was out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.0501999999998;-118.529699999999
Triangular flying vessel studded with green lights performing amazing maneuvers over Pacific Coast Hwy.;2005-09-15 19:30:00;1 min. at least;Triangular flying vessel studded with green lights performing amazing maneuvers over Pacific Coast Hwy. I work in Malibu Canyon. I was heading home towards Santa Monica on Pacific Coast Highway with fast traffic going both ways. It was around 19:30 and I had just passed the PCH Sunset Blvd. t-junction. Heading south on PCH you of course have the Santa Monica Mountains on the left, and the Pacific Ocean on the right. The sighting ocurred over the hills along PCH roughly between Temescal Canyon and Potrero Canyon. As I passed Temescal Canyon I looked to the left above the hills and saw an aircraft flying some incredible maneuvers turning at some amazing angles, going up, down, and back again. It was studded with 3 green lights more or less in a triangular formation. It was dark. Unfortunately, there was no place to stop in order to observe the aircraft for a longer period of time as traffic was busy and fast. I only observed it for about 30 seconds, but this craft was already there when I approached the area, and was still there when I passed it up. I wanted to turn around immediately to go back and watch it, but oncoming traffic hindered me. At Chautaqua Blvd. I was able to finally turn around, but when I passed through the same area again, the aircraft was gone. To me it seemed that it was surveying something. The craft looks like the triangular (sort of boomerang like) spaceship depicted on this website.;34.0501999999998;-118.529699999999
