I witnessed a diamond shaped craft with 4 white lights and one red light in the center hovering above Ashland Missouri twice.;2008-07-02 22:30:00;4 min;I witnessed a diamond shaped craft with 4 white lights and one red light in the center hovering above Ashland Missouri twice. Two nights ago my girlfriend and I were on our way back from Columbia, Missouri and traveling south on Hwy. 63. As we were approaching Ashland, Missouri we noticed four bright yellowish white lights spaced evenly with a red light in the middle that were very low in the sky. The lights were constant brightness except for the red light which appeared to dim at random times. At first we thought it was a plane because there was an airport near by and we thought it was so low (about 150 to 200 yards above us) because it was about to land. But then we realized that we had already past the airport about 3 miles ago. As we got closer we realized the craft appeared to hover and was moving to slowly for it to stay in the air. There was also no sound like that of a helicopter and was also to big to be a helicopter. If I had to guess its size I would have to say it was about 70 yards wide and was symmetrical in a diamond shape. We turned around and put the pedal to the floor to get a better look at it but by the time we got to where it was it had disappeared. We went on the outer road to see if it had landed somewhere but didn’t find anything. Then tonight July 2, 2008 I was driving home and from the road by my house you can see across the river to the area where Ashland is. I noticed the same lights and couldn’t believe my eyes! I put the car in reverse and watched the craft float back and forth for about 4 minutes like it was searching for something (hopefully not me). It was also thunder storming so every time the lightning hit u could see the out line of it. Then all of a sudden the lights almost looked like they disintegrated and lightning hit two more times and there was no outline. The craft had just disappeared. And I’m not making this up I never really believed in ufos until now and if you knew me you would no I wouldn’t waste my time to make up a bogus story. It really freaked me out cause I’ve seen it twice in the last 3 nights and the way it disappeared was what really shocked me… Hopefully some one else will report something so I won’t feel like I’m completely crazy.;38.7917;-92.2543
