We saw on our local news that in Jefferson City,(20 minutes from our home), a craft was spotted reciently. We have not actually observe;1999-10-10 21:00:00;two seperate times, 10 se;We saw on our local news that in Jefferson City,(20 minutes from our home), a craft was spotted reciently. We have not actually observed a craft but have think that our information may be note worthy. The sighting in Jefferson city has prompted me to write. We live on 10 acres in the country. Three actual seperate events have occured involving four individuals. On the first occasion my husband ((name deleted)) was working on a ladder. We are constructing a new home on our 10 acres. He was inside the house under construction, which at the time was just framed in. It was sometime in October, about 10:00p.m. He was using a spot light to work.  He suddenly felt a very distinct presence around him which appeared crystal/dust like. It was different than anything he had ever observed or felt. He stated that it only lasted a matter of seconds. He told no one about this event as he did not want to frighten any of us. He kept quiet until our 16 year old daughter, ((name deleted)) told us about a simular occurance that happened on her birthday, November 10 1999. She loves to jump on our trampoline at night which is many yards from the work shop we are currently living in on our 10 acres until our home under construction is completed. Around 9:00pm she was jumping. She said,it was like a light all around me, right in my face but yet it was not a light.  It felt like time had stopped. I am not sure how long it lasted. I was frightened and started to run up to the house when it happened again, it made me stop, I felt like it was all around me. My husband then told us about the event he had experienced. Our 17 year old daughter ((name deleted)) then told us about a event that happened sometime in October on our property. ((name deleted)) had a girl friend spend the night. They decided to sleep camp out in our house that is under construction. The house was framed in but the shingles were not on as yet. The girls were awake and talking around 1:00am when they saw a bright light filtering down through the rafters in the roof. Their first thought was that it was! an airp lane. The light lasted approximately 20 to 30 minutes. They were very frightened. We do not have any lights on our property that would shine on the roof. We did not have any electricity to the house under construction except for drop cords. The girls had no electric drop cords or flash lights with them. They were in the dark.  Nor do we have any neighbors close by. We all compared notes on the day that our 16 year old daughter ((name deleted)) told us about her experience. We do live about 7 miles from a local airport and planes do pass over head but that last only seconds. We never have planes at that time of the night. Have you had any reports in our area? We will let you know if anything else occures. ((deleted)) is at school as I write this. I have not asked her details about the light such as color or amount of intensity or sound.;38.7917;-92.2543
Three orange lights traveling slowly at a low altidude.;2014-06-08 00:15:00;1 minute;Three orange lights traveling slowly at a low altidude. I was driving home from work on Highway 63 North.   There were three orange lights diagonally lined up (heading south bound).  At first appeared to be bright stars.  As I got closer the objects appeared almost stationary but were moving very slowly south bound.   The objects were NOT blinking and appeared at a lower altidude then the average aircraft including helicopters.   They appeared to be to small to be aircraft.   In short they looked like very bright orange stars at a very low altidude not much higher then average lightning tower.   They were NOT meteors, satilites, lightning towers, or any identifiable aircraft.   I reported this because I have a reliable backround.   I am college educated and work for a state agency. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.7917;-92.2543
