Triangle shaped object with lights on each corner. Bright strobe lights leading in direction it was going. Going very slow and then sto;1997-12-07 03:00:00;1 minute;Summary : Triangle shaped object with lights on each corner. Bright strobe lights leading in direction it was going. Going very slow and then stopped and hovered about 300 ft in air. Driving back to Jeff City, MO in early morning. Saw object with what looked like bright headlight. Going very slow and kinda turning towards my direction. Thought it was a plane. Started heading towards my left. As I got parallel with it I noticed it was hovering about 300 ft. in the air.  It was triangle shaped with orange lights at each corner. Thought it was a plane so I continued on but then I thought about it and I realized that only Harriers hover I thought.  I thought it coulda been a stealth, but I don't think they hover either. I turned around to go back and look, but it was gone.. oh well.  I am a distributor of a newspaper in the area and I was on my way back to JC to distribute it.  I do the newspaper thing because I can't find an attorney job at the moment.;38.7917;-92.2543
Triangular shape object in the sky with very bright lights!;2007-06-15 22:30:00;10 minutes;Triangular shape object in the sky with very bright lights! We were on Highway 63 traveling North.  My husband, who was driving, spotted a very bright light in the Western sky-almost looked like a spotlight.  It all of the sudden started flying over the highway and over our car.  We pulled over to the side of the highway and stopped.  There was no noise.  As it went over us, we noticed a very bright light at each point (3).  The craft was triangular shape and very big.  As it went over us, it had a red light going back and forth on the back of the craft.  It descended and disappeared into the trees.  Again, it made NO noise!  I called KOMU-8 TV station on the following Monday to see if anyone had reported anything similar.  The gentleman said that no one had.  I also called KMIZ-10, but the man I spoke to was very rude and I felt I was wasting his time.  I did no further follow up.  I was almost afraid to tell anyone for fear they would think we were crazy!;38.7917;-92.2543
