Extremely bright light and no noise.;2004-12-15 20:30:00;15 minutes;Extremely bright light and no noise. I don't remember the exact date as it was well over a year ago but I remember what I saw like it was yesterday.   I was traveling north on Hwy 431 on my way from Dothan, AL to Atlanta to visit a friend before Christmas.  Just outside Headland I saw a very large, very bright white light directly overhead.  For lack of a better description, it was like a strobe light but was not flashing.  It was constant and as I got closer it was so bright that it was painful to look at it (I was trying to see exactly where it was coming from).  It was a clear, cool evening with no cloud cover and there were no street lights, businesses or billboard advertising signs in the immediate area (my first guesses).  I slowed down to about 10 mph and looked for something that would give me some idea of what it was (I was afraid to stop and get out of the car).  I saw what appeared to be the an outline of dark metal (black or dark gray) several yards forward of the light which was still bright and non-flashing.  I opened all of the windows on my SUV and heard no sound other than my vehicle's engine.  The object appeared to be approximately 100 feet above the highway and must have been huge as I was never able to see anything more than the outline on one side.  My guess is that it was either triangular or chevron in shape and appeared to be moving south very slowly.  There were no other lights besides the white one.  I observed this object for approximately 15 minutes before I decided to continue heading north and watched it in my rear view mirror, until it was just a faint glow.  I was almost 40 at the time and have never seen anything like this in my life. I like to believe there is a logical explanation for just about everything but have not been able to explain this one.  When I came home a couple days later I asked around to see if there had been anything on the local news or in the paper about anything strange that weekend and nobody had heard anything.  I would have reported this immediately but had no idea where to go that I wouldn't be thought of as nuts.  I recently found this site by clicking on a link in an unrelated story and after reading some of the other accounts here thought I would share this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));31.356;-85.3342
