2 large spheres of light moving quickly, followed by 4 silent orange lights in L formation an hour later.;2013-10-19 21:11:00;1+ hours;2 large spheres of light moving quickly, followed by 4 silent orange lights in L formation an hour later. I live and work on a horse farm.  I went out of my apartment  at approximately 8:10pm.  It was raining slightly, so the clouds were low.  Something caught my eye and I looked toward the river, which is west, and then I saw the shapes racing through the clouds on the horizon. Initially, I just stood there, shocked.  I went to my co-workers residence and made him come out. The spheres were moving very quickly, back and forth on the horizon. The higher sphere didn't move as much or as quickly as the lower sphere.  They must've been quite large, but we never saw anything but the reflected light in the clouds.  The lower sphere was looping up and around under the higher sphere. The higher sphere stopped occasionally, but the lower one never stopped. I heard the truck then, at the end of the driveway, and we went to get the horses.  I drove to the road because I was afraid, and when the driver got out, he was shaken and said the spheres had been almost on top of his truck for the last 2 miles.  The driver said at one point, he had to lean forward and look up out of his windshield (he drove a tractor trailer) to see them.  The entire time we were talking, the spheres continued to move on the horizon.  We then noticed trails of light reaching from the objects to the ground, that moved from place to place.  My co-worker videotaped the spheres with his phone, and on the tape the spheres don't show, just tiny red and yellow twinkling lights. The truck left  we went to work, periodically checking on the spheres, which were still there. At about 9:10pm I walked out of the barn and looked west, the spheres were still there, but the light they made in the clouds was dimmer, as of they were moving away.  Something else caught my eye just then coming from northwest in the sky.  Four bright orange lights moving in an L formation toward where I was.   I called out and my co-worker came out to look.  I thought they might be helicopters so I shut off the tractor and the aircrafts were completely silent.  As they came closer to our location, they broke formation and went up into the clouds, where they disappeared.;39.1339;-77.4103
