Large UFO hovering  50 feet above farm-house, in Alberta, witnessed by Police Officer.;1984-11-15 10:15:00;45 minutes;Large UFO hovering  50 feet above farm-house, in Alberta, witnessed by Police Officer. My wife and I were travelling from Edmonton to Camrose.  The route we took was Highway 14, to Highway 21, to Highway 13 to Camrose.  The totasl trip would be only 1 hr at 60 mph.  It was night, and the evening was cold.  We left Edmonton at approx 10:oo PM, and at about 10:20 pm we exited #14 to travel S on #21.  We were driving our 1975 red chec 1/2 ton, no camper, open box.  We had our 1 year old daughter in a baby seat betwen the wife and I, I was driver.  We traveled at 60 mph (100 kmh).  As we approached the RR crossing at Looma, AB, I noted a aircraft, I assumed to be a plane mid sky at my 11 o-clock.  I usually look at the night sky while driving.  about 5 minutes later, I noticed that the plane did not make any progress and pointed it out to my wife.  Her I watched as we travelled along #21, and we noticed that the aircraft was still at out 11 o-clock (left of our vehicle)  As we approached a small twon of Hay Lakes, I noticed that we were getting closer to the aircraft.  Now, there is a two story farmhouse, that is situated just n/w of Hay Lakes.  It sits only 40 g=feet N of the highway.  We always drive by this house.  The highway curves to the right about 300 ft past the house.  As we we getting close to the house, we saw that the aircradt was very large, and hovering only 50 feet directly above this house.  Brights lights were on the side, but the lights were not round.  The whole side of the craft was lit up.  As we got closer, we actually drove under the craft, so I estimate the size to be about 100 feet in diametrer.  As we passed near and uder, the craft blocked out the stars, and I noticed that the bottom was not lit up, but I could see the shape to be a circle because it was black and blotted out a circle in the sky.  The sky was claer so the stars could be seen around the object. I slowed down and rolled down my driver side window, and all I heard was the sound of my vehicle tires on the pavement.  No sound came from the craft.  I should also advise that at this point we were only 90 feet below the craft.  I kept driving because all I could think about was my baby.  My wife yelled, stop the truck  but I didn't.  I kept my eyes on it by shifting my view to the side view mirror.  My wife looked back through the rear window of the truck cab.  I then noted an RCMP  (Royal Canadain Mounted Police) approach me from the S/B lane, I watched as his car passed under the craft,, and as funny as it sounds.  He did not stop.  He kept driving and were silent all the way home.  Hay lakes is nly 30 minutes from out home in Camrose.  I did not report this because of two reasons:  1.  At the time I was a City Police Officer and reporting this would kill my credibility as a crown witness.  2.  The RCMP officer driving the car I would have known, and no-one in the local detachment said anything, so I kept quit as well.  I did tell a few close friends and my father.  But only after a few years.  My wife and I still bring this up from time to time.  I should have stopped. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));53.197;-113.0497
