HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  UFO sighting and video taped;2003-08-11 18:20:00;3 minutes;UFO sighting and video taped New Westminster UFO Footage  Report From HBCC UFO Research Director: Brian Vike ©2003 HBCC UFO  UFO Footage Shot On August 11, 2003 at 6:20 p.m. PST.  I was contacted a while back by a gentleman by the name of Mark who had told me he had some excellent footage of a UFO, or an unknown object which he took on August 11, 2003 using his new JVC mini DV, GR-d90 camcorder.  Mark's wife was the first to take notice of the unusual object.  She was standing in her kitchen at the time. She moved quickly onto the deck of the family's home and was surprised, or should I say shocked to see an unknown object hovering over the trees close by. She said it flipped over and it turned a bright blood red. She screamed to her husband to come quick to watch this strange thing in the sky.  As he arrived on the deck he saw a cigar shaped object.  He thought quickly,  ran back into their home and grabbing his brand new camcorder he scanned the sky for the object and began filming. Eventually when he lost sight of the object he went back inside and played the tape over and over.  To his surprise and everyone else's .. what he saw completely shocked him.  Mark quickly contacted Peter Davenport at the NUFORC in Seattle, Washington in the United States to file a report and told Peter what he had caught on tape. Mr. Davenport passed the report onto myself (HBCC UFO Research) and Gavin McLeod. Gavin made arrangements with Mark to visit him  and take his report and to view the video footage.  A couple of days after speaking with Gavin, Mark sent out a portion of the footage to myself, Gavin McLeod, Mr. Jeff Rense and a number of others who may have found the Quick Time Player UFO footage of some interest.  Many did find it interesting but one  immediately ruled it as a helium filled foil balloon.  This material below is from my observations of this tape.  Mark and I corresponded and discussed the video footage. In one of our telephone conversations he mentioned that he'd not bothered to slow the tape down. When the running speed of the footage was slowed down greatly, some interesting things started to appear. Mark suggested sending me a copy of the original tape he'd filmed so that I could have a better look at it.   When it was slowed down it was apparent that this was no ordinary helium filled balloon.  As the fellow started filming, the object drops down from the sky, then enters from the top of the screen.  Mark at this point has the camcorder zoomed in and catches the object making sharp turns as it goes down, moving to the right, then back to the left, drops down, moves right and back to the left, always making sharp movements downwards until it disappears very quickly........  Mark was still filming when the object left his view.... however when the film was seen slowed down .... it was still there. It had moved rapidly across the sky. One blink and it would be missed !   Suddenly in the distance one can clearly see it re-appearing and entering the camera's field of view looking like a white dot in the sky. As it travels a great distance to the east, over a good portion of the sky, with a reflection that could have been caused by the sun ...  it finally disappears.  What it does next is very interesting.  From out of the east (its position where it disappeared) .. it reappears, still glistening, and travels west at a steady pace.  At one point it makes a complete stop.!!!  Then it moves south towards Mark's position.   When using the Quick Time Player to view his footage one can notice that Mark zooms in on the object and catches what looks like an aura surrounding it ... for a short period of time.  He also films what may be the underside of it, until it slowly moves away, turning on its side, taking on a clear saucer shape and  it appears to be discharging a dark unknown substance.  The strange discharge occurs  twice.  One from the left side of the object and the other from the right.  Again Mark tries to find the object in the sky but can't seem to locate it. He zooms back out and finds nothing.  He continues his search  zooming out and in and for a split second he captures it once again in the very spot he was searching and where previously there was nothing.  The camera again picked the object up and it seemed to come out of nowhere and was gone again as quickly as it appeared.  Regarding the Quick Time Player internet clip..... I have heard a number of things about the footage, but not once have I heard anyone mention the discharge which comes off the object just after it flattens out and before it disappears from view  (or when the object is lost due to Mark trying to focus in on it). If you take a good close look at the internet footage, you will notice two of these types of discharges , one to it's left and the other to its right. )  I found it interesting when viewing the footage that the day before, on August 10, 2003, Mark was filming his family's visit to the Abbotsford Airshow, which is a major happening every year and draws aircraft from all over the world.  The video footage clearly shows an aerial display of known aircraft  taking place the day before the sighting happened.  One other note I would like to make, which I found to be very important also, was the remark made by Mark's mother-in-law who was speaking in her native Romanian tongue as she watched the object perform in the sky.  She made a comment and Mark translated for me... the bottom of it has turned brilliant bright red.  Conclusion:  1. The object makes extreme sharp maneuvers. 2. The object travels at a great distance and then returns from the direction it came from. 3. At one point in the video, the object comes to a complete stop and hovers. 4. The bottom of the object changes it's color to almost a blood red. 5. The object ejects  a black substance on two occasions. 6. In some parts of the film it travels at an extreme rate of speed. 7. In one portion of the tape the object looks like it has an aura around it. 8. There were a number of witnesses to this sighting.  What the object is for sure I am not certain.   It was extremely interesting, extremely puzzling, and who knows what it was.??  I spent hours viewing the video .. over and over again.... at all types of speed to try and determine what it might have been .. all to no avail.   I enjoyed it immensely and found it very exciting.   With Mark's permission I will be forwarding it on for further examination.  Mark's video footage is copyrighted M.M 2003   Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;49.2007879999999;-122.922412
disk;2003-08-11 18:30:00;5 min;On August11, ,2003 around 18:30 I was sitting at the kitchen table talking to my daughter.  At one point she was looking throught the window saying what's that above the trees?  Next moment she run outside and I followed her.Looking in the direction she was looking at I could see above the trees a black disk spinning.  From where I was I could say its size was of a round big plater.It flipped over and I realized it was flat.The other side was bright red with a silver bright ring around it.I was in shock.I never seen anything like this before.;49.2007879999999;-122.922412
a disk black on one side,bright red on the other;2003-08-11 18:30:00;3-4 min;a disk black on one side,bright red on the other It was the evening of August11, 2003, around 6:30pm when I was sitting at the kitchen table talking to my mom.On my right hand side beside my chair I had the big window facing the patio and the back allie of the house.At one moment I've spoted in the corner of my eye something black above the trees on the allie.I run outside and I've seen a black disk about 3 feet diameter spinning above the trees,hovering toward East. As soon as it cleared the trees,it flipped over and I've noticed it was flat.The other side was bright blood red.It has a staggered movement while gaining distance away.For few seconds I was speachless.Finally I called my husband who came on the patio and after a quick look at the sky,he ran inside to grab the camcoder.He came back and caught it on tape how it was hovering on the sky still flying in the distance.;49.2007879999999;-122.922412
