Strange unusual crafts emitting e.m.p blast then leaving at high speeds.;2001-12-17 21:30:00;21:45;Strange unusual crafts emitting e.m.p blast then leaving at high speeds. it was getting dark and i was heading home from basketball practice with two of my freinds when i noticed something in the horizon i pulled the car over on the side of the road near a lake, i got out while the other two waited patiently in the car. i watched as two objects flew side by side. there deminsions are hard to explain but they reminded me of the epcott center in disney world, hundreds of little tringles put togetherto form not quite a sphere but more of a strange diamond. they each had a strange light on the bottom of the craft that seemed to be going on its own, darting around going from place to place as they slowly examined the lake as if they were looking for something. then suddenly both lights stopped coming together on an unknown object then a brilliant flash of lights which immediately caused me to devert my eyes. when i looked back up the crafts seemed to be leaving with no lights on and at incredible speed. what made this encounter even more stranger was that the flash of lights caused my car electrical system to malfuntion and i had to call my father to come and get us. later on i found out that my cars computer system and all electrical devises were useless and on longer worked. i did some studying of my own and found out that only a blast from an atomic bomb can cause such in effect called and electro magnetic pulse. if a nuclear bomb of low yeild was detonated wouldnt i feel the effects of radiation or would i have been incenerated in the blast? after this, the ride home was quiet my freinds and i didnt say anything about it until another student mentioned seeing a strange object strike a mountain near the lake. later on we discussed what had happened and decided to go public with our information on the internet. ((NUFORC Note:  No other reports received from this area of Washington State for this date.  No reports of electrical grid failures for this time and date, as far as we know.  PD));48.7194;-119.3943
