Alaska - bright light over Prince William Sound island blinks off when noticed during the middle of the night.;2018-04-12 01:30:00;30 seconds;Alaska - bright light over Prince William Sound island blinks off when noticed during the middle of the night. I live in a remote part of Alaska along the coast of Prince William Sound (eastern side, Port Fidalgo).  I was opening up my cabin during the spring, when a cold front come through and I went outside at 1:30am to check on other buildings and crack water lines so that they would not freeze during the night.  As I was walking back to another building we have a dock that is on the oceanside.  It was a calm, still, clear black night with many stars out, so I went down to the dock to see if the northern lights were out.  I looked to the East and there was a slight shimmer of northern lights (green).  Then I looked to the West and immediately saw a star I didn't recognize above Bligh Island to the Northwest.  The white light seems to be in proximity to a small native village called Tatitlek about 5 miles away.  The white light was brighter then any star and shimmered across the water like the moon does at times.  It compared it to the top light of a massive commerc! ial boat light when night fishing.  But this light was above Bligh Island and I could see the outline of the island so I could tell that it was not someone standing on the island and estimate it was around 300' above the ridge.  I've looked that direction many times at night and had never seen this bright light before and realized that it was actually in Port Fidalgo above Bligh Island.  As I started to zone in at closer, I noticed that there was a ribbon of rainbow like lights undulating around it horizontally.  I immediately gasped and blurting out oh shit aload and at that very moment, the light BLINKED OFF.  This was my first unknown sighting and I actually thought if I ever saw something like this I would be excited to have witnessed a UFO.  But the feeling I had was utter dread the moment after it happened.  The reason for this I think is because I feel like it heard me somehow and hid the moment it realized that someone saw it.  Which tells me that it did n! ot want to be seen.  I looked for it from the safety of my cabin deck for another hour and did not see it again. I did see a small plane approach Blight Island from the West and changed direction over Blight Island and started heading southeast at about 8000'.  Possible coincedence?  I estimate the object/light was hovering at 300' above the top of Blight Island.  It was completely stationary.  And when it blinked off the light that reflected across the ocean as bright as a full moon also disappeared. I wrote down notes that night and sketched the sighting. And finally have a chance to report it now. Conditions - Clear night, 35 degree's.  No wind.  No sound. Sighting - 30 seconds on the dock.  5 seconds witnessing object, then disappear.;61.101;-146.9
Intelligent light in sky disappears when spotted by observer.;2019-08-08 00:00:00;3 minutes;Intelligent light in sky disappears when spotted by observer. Aug 8, 2019.  Where:  Prince William Sound, (Port Fidalgo) Alaska  Title:  Intelligent Light in sky disappears when spotted by observer  Duration:  3 minutes  Exact time: 11:57pm to 12:00am  Weather Conditions:  one low lying wispy cloud, slight sunset still on horizon.  Few bright stars starting to show.  Still night with no wind. Event:  I witnessed a bright red/orange light rise up from on top of Bligh Island to my west from my bedroom window.  It took 60 seconds to raise up to a stationary position and hovered for 2 mins., then “blinked” out.  My cousin also witnessed this from a different vantage point.  The light was very bright and seems to be recurring each night.  I’ve put out a game camera at to capture 20 second time-lapse intervals to see if it occurs at the same time every night.;61.101;-146.9
