very low slow flying, very strange sounding craft near DC;2001-04-23 01:15:00;2 minutes;very low slow flying, very strange sounding craft near DC Burtonsville is located between Baltimore and Washington DC about 3 miles west of 95. At approximately 1:15 am we noticed a very low and slow flying object approaching from the south.  It sounded very strange emitting an low electric humming sound changing in pitch.  As is approached the sound increased in intensity but was then also accompanied by a jet engine sound. Not a jet engine in flight, but a jet engine idling. As the first approached we noticed a second craft in the distance coming from the same direction.  The first craft passed almost directly overhead and was probably less then 500 feet off the ground and flying slower then 100 mph, probably slower! Slower then any aircraft i've ever seen.  I've lived near an airport all my life so i know what planes and helicopters look like.  This didn't fit either description.  I saw 4 or 5 whitesh yellowish lights. Some of the lights appeared to be spinning to me,  but my friend could not recall them spinning.  The lights looked like standard aircraft lights, but the position of these lights on the craft looked strange. I could not make out the shape of the craft.  Though the most noticable thing about it was the strange noise it was making and it seemed to float across the sky rather then fly. After the first craft flew overhead, a second followed about 30 to 45 seconds behind. On this craft we could only see 1 light of the same white yellowish color.  It too was flying very slow and directly overhead in the same direction.  Though i don't think it was making the same strange hum the first object was.  It sounded like a jet but was flying way too slow.  And it did not sound like a helicopter. No strange electric or magnetic effects were objerved.  My guess is its probably ours, a craft which still uses conventional jet engines while also having some anti-gravitic technology integrated in. Could this account for the jet-engine sound and the strange loud humming noise?;39.0913;-76.9377
