Glowing orange teardrop with pulsating red glow on one end.;1999-10-28 22:00:00;15 minutes;Glowing orange teardrop with pulsating red glow on one end. I don’t recall the exact date or time, but it was in 1999, it was cold outside, and late at night. A friend of mine paged me (remember pagers? lol), and I called him back, and he tells me a ufo just flew over his house which was a few miles away from me.  He said it morphed as it went by, and made a strange whirring sound.  I go outside to maybe see if it came my way, and it did.  There’s this orange glowing thing just sitting in the sky. Friends with me fetched some binoculars, and I saw it was almond/teardrop in shape, the entire thing flower orange, no sign of anything metallic, and on the larger end of it was a red, slowly pulsating glow.  It would then move sightly in one direction, turn, and go in the other very slowly.  I watched it for 10-15 minutes until it turned again and flew away in the opposite direction as me. Over time, I’ve seen them here and there, much further away.  I always felt watched, too, but it never felt sinister or malicious to me. It was an incredible experience.  I never heard any sound, though, just my friend who saw it fly over him.  He also said men in black visited his neighbourhood the next day. Also, I had a dream after that night of seeing an alien lying on the ground in what looked like a waiting room.  I sat on a couch, and to my 11 o clock was a hallway that had walls of bright light that led to a dark room.  I look over at the alien, and its eyes open, glowing orange, and I suddenly have a piercing pain in my head. I closed my eyes, and then saw myself sitting on a surgeon’s table in a dark room lit only by the hallway.  Then I woke up.  Makes me wonder if I was abducted.  It still didn’t feel evil to me, though, and I swear my cognition improved the next few days.  It was insane.  I even spotted a small needle-like incision above my left ear which was there for years, but is gone now. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));29.7933357142857;-95.1250619047618
