3 separate incidents of large saucer shaped object(s) and small round lights, reddish orange-ish, witnessed by 2 or 3 people.;2010-07-22 22:00:00;seconds;3 separate incidents of large saucer shaped object(s) and small round lights, reddish orange-ish, witnessed by 2 or 3 people. We had three separate incidents on the same evening, which was Thursday, July 22, 2010. 1.  Sometime between 9 pm and 10 pm, my sister and I were sitting side by side on the second floor porch of our beach house looking towards the ocean when we saw one small reddish, slightly orange light appear out of nowhere.  It reminded in the sky for a few seconds, then disappeared poof it was gone.  Brief seconds later it reappeared in the same place then suddenly become two and moved apart slightly, then disappeared: poof gone. Brief seconds later the single light reappeared and then quickly blinked out.  There was no sound.  They seemed very far away  The lights were not the same red as lights on airplanes or helicopters.  My sister is in her mid- 40's, very intelligent, very down to earth.  I was surprised when she said,  I saw them too.   2.  Later, after 10 pm, my two sons (14 and 17) and my brother (early 40's) were sitting on the same 2nd floor porch looking towards the ocean.  My son (17) saw a large, saucer-ish shaped object, about the size of the moon only not the moon, not round, not white, but red on the outside, fading into bright yellow on the inside. It appeared out of nowhere. It slowly (but still in brief seconds) moved to the left and remained there for 2 seconds.  It slowly (but still in brief seconds) separated in 5 objects, reddish orange in color, saucer-ish shape.  but smaller than the original mass.  It was as though the large saucer-ish shaped light was covering the 5 smaller masses and it disappeared to uncover the 5 smaller things.  Then they disappeared from the outside in: they went from 5 to 3 to 1 to none.  My son (14) had the impression of a red light that  looked sort of like fire that  looked like it sort of came in and then  went out.   My brother was not looking in the same direction and missed all of this because happened so quickly.  My sons both have good heads on their shoulders as far as I know.  My brother is ultra logical.  I was down stairs.  My sons came and got me and I went back up to the porch. 3.  Now my 2 sons and my brother and I are sitting on the 2nd floor porch (between 10:30pm and 11pm), raptly studying the sky over the ocean.  After about 30 min. suddenly a large (moon sized) saucer-ish object came out of absolutely nowhere.  It was the reddish, orange color. No sound. It seemed to have movement, as thought it was vibrating or something.  It was there for seconds and then POOF! it was gone.  We were all amazed. I have seen 2 maybe 3 things in the sky that I cannot explain during my life.  I'm 51.  I am open, but also try to be a critical thinker and question everything.  I would not mistake the moon or the planet Venus for an alien craft or a manmade craft!;34.6954;-76.7402
