UFO over Blanco River in Wimberley, TX, November 1st, 2015.;2015-11-01 23:00:00;3-5 minutes;UFO over Blanco River in Wimberley, TX, November 1st, 2015. Unidentified Flying Object Sighting   Date:  November 1st, 2015  Location: Wimberley Texas  Time: Approximately 11:00pm CST  Duration of sighting: 3-5 minutes  Distance:  Less than 1 mile away  Size: Approximately 100 feet in diameter   	 On the night of November 1st, 2015, around 11:00pm CST, I left the house to go get a pack of cigarettes.  My road, Wayside Dr., when heading into town goes straight down to River Rd. which follows directly along the banks of the Blanco River.  Turning right out of the driveway theres a hill that you go up as soon as you start going down the road.  When I reached the crest of that hill I first saw a light through the trees, that was also obstructed by hills partially as well.   Now since literally the day before, our area was hit once again by severe flooding, especially the Blanco River and its estuaries, for the second time within the past 6 months.  The first flood being the epic Memorial Day flood that was the absolute worst we have on record, causing millions of dollars in damage as well as several deaths.   So since we just experienced another severe flood the day before and there were people still missing, I just thought at that moment first seeing light down by the river it was probably just another helicopter flying over the area.   Driving a little over a mile down my road I finally got to see my first unobstructed view of the object, at the beginning of a short straight away less than a mile away from the river.  Realizing immediately this was not a helicopter or any sort of aircraft I am accustomed to seeing.  It was moving slowly from right to left, pulsating light from bright white to a dim yellowish/orange color and appeared to be flying directly over the Blanco River. 	So I then promptly grab my cell phone and begin snapping pictures of the object after stopping in the middle of the road, realizing I only had a few seconds before it was going to move behind more trees and would be obstructed again once it moved farther to the left of the clearing I had at that moment.  Once it was obstructed, I continued down the road to try and quickly get to the river so I could possibly get closer, better and more defined pictures of the craft.  Once I got to the bend in the road at the end of the straight away where I took the first two pictures, I had the opportunity to capture two more clear/unobstructed pictures of the object.  Then I sped down to the river as quickly and as safely as I could, the whole time I had limited visual contact with it through the trees but could absolutely still see it moving and pulsing the whole time. 	Nearing the end of my road where it intersects with River Rd. there are several quick “S” shaped curves right before you get to the intersection, it was at that point through the trees I could see it was in fact flying right over the river.  The craft was approximately the size of a small house but in an oval/funnel shape, illuminated as well and flying approximately 200 feet above the rivers surface.  There are cliffs on the opposite side of the river from where River Rd. runs that are around 100-150 feet tall and this craft was only about 50 feet above those cliffs.  Then before I could even get to turn down River Rd., which I would have had to turn left to go toward it the craft flashed extremely bright, shook in place rapidly (like a trembling motion) and shot off unbelievably fast going up in altitude as well as heading Southeast, in the same direction the river flows.  Once it shot off it was totally out of sight with in a second, gone, no sound or any sign of it in ! the distant sky. 	Unfortunately I was unable to get anymore pictures of the craft before it took off once I got down to the river.  Which I regret not just taking video of it while driving even if it was obstructed by trees, because you still would’ve been able to see its rapid departure through the trees as well as the flash and trembling it did before shooting off.  But the deer in this area make night driving very hazardous and having had several encounters with them on the roads at night here, 2 of them ending in impact right on my road alone and driving our new car (we just bought literally a week before), I was absolutely not going to video tape and drive at the same time. 	The whole time I was driving down to river from my road, I was hoping and looking for someone else to be on the road.  Thinking someone else could be seeing the same thing.  But that made it even more strange because even after the craft took off from its slow cruise over the river, I did not see a single car on any of the roads on the way to the only 24hr convenience store in town. The whole trip I only passed one car on the way home and that was on the main road that runs through town, Ranch Road 12.  Also since the river had flooded the day before, I’m pretty sure most of the houses on the river were totally unoccupied, either because of flood damage or because they evacuated.  So theres a very good chance that there wasn’t anyone who saw it from their river home simply because no one was there.  Even though if they were, they’d have a front row view of it from any window in the house that faced the river on either side.  Also, my girlfriend works at a coffee shop in dow! ntown Wimberley so she kept an ear out for anyone talking about anything out of the ordinary, but never heard anything.  Neither did I hear anything from anyone about seeing anything. 	Lastly I wanted to describe the landscape of the area of the sighting a little more.  From where I took the pictures of the craft you can tell the altitude it was flying was very low.  If it were daytime you would be able to see that it was below and in front of the hills that crop up less than a mile or so across the river.  So there was no way it was something in the sky farther away simply because it would’ve been completely obstructed by the hills. 	I hope this report is helpful and informative, as well as a good group of usable photos. Thank you for your service,  ((name deleted));30.0225;-98.1137999999995
