Brilliant light hovers over mountain.  ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a star or planet, we suspect.  PD));2008-08-15 01:30:00;1:30-2:39;Brilliant light hovers over mountain We've seen this extremely large, bright, glowing light on three occasions past week, the most recent was this morning and it was alarming! The object hovers silently over Caesar's mountain which is located close to our home.  Caesar Mountain is 3,323 feet above sea level, and the glowing object is suspended well above the summit the majority of the time it is visible.  At times the object will dip below the tree-line, then reappear minutes later high up over the mountain and in a completely different location from where it disappeared!  We've tried to use binoculars to get a closer look, but can't distinguish a shape. The binoculars do, however, sharply bring the intensity of the lights into focus. The lights on the object will glow a brilliant white, then dim.  It also has a brilliant blue haze within the white light.  We were alarmed this morning when the light winked out and suddenly disppeared after hovering high over the mountain for almost 30 minutes, then abruptly became visible miles away over a ridge.  It briefly shined intensely, and discharged what looked like a beam of light from underneath the object.  It actually (briefly)illuminated the trees beneath! It then shot off with a remarkable acceleration of speed and disappeared from our view.  We've tried to find a rational explanation for this object.  It's most definitely not a star, and we've also ruled out headlights from vehicles on Lobelia road as the binoculars proved that the object is far above the treeline most of the time.  The object is silent and there is no audible aircraft noise from rotor blades or engines, so we're positively sure that it's not a plane or helicopter.  There is a small airport in Lewisburg, WV which is located about 30 miles away in Greenbrier County.  The aircraft traffic that utilizes that particular field consists of small jets and prop aircraft.  The noise they make is audible when they fly over our area.  Caesars Mountain is quite close to our home, less than three miles away, so it stands to reason that we would be able to hear any noise the object emitted-if it were a conventional aircraft.  In addition, the conventional aircraft traffic flying over our area has visible flashing red and green running lights.  The object we witnessed does not. ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a star or planet, we suspect.  PD));38.1137;-80.2672
