Two orange, white, & red flare type objects in a semi-circular pattern overhead made seven passes;2013-04-13 22:30:00;1:15;Two orange, white, & red flare type objects in a semi-circular pattern overhead made seven passes My neighbor called at 10:30 PM telling me he had just spotted 2 objects in the sky. I immediately went over with my cameras and we talked about the sighting while still watching the sky and within 10 minutes another one appeared coming from the North on the horizon. (Note – we both witnessed these)  In total there were 7 passes overhead with the first one having two objects next to each other but all subsequent sightings had one object at a time all coming from the north circling down over our location then turning east. We captured 6 of those passes on video as best we could but had multiple trees in the way and they were constantly moving in a large circular pattern.  We spotted then while they were over the area of approximately over Mount Tom on the East slope in the valley. The followed the mountainside southerly toward us from the Holyoke Range south over the Chicopee River and then in two cases along the river east and out of sight. It might even be fair to say they followed the Connecticut River southward to the Chicopee River and turned East around that point. The rivers are only a rough guide, they did not stay exactly on the rivers but rather it appeared there paths were roughly along those lines. The average altitude is estimated to be 800 to1200 Feet overhead.  They maintained the same colors (shifting) and circular shape the entire time. The colors went from white to red and orange with the otter edge staying red while the center was what changed to white and orange and even into very dark red. We agreed the all looked like flares but were of course too large to be a flare and no flare could move in this type of controlled pattern time and time again. I did hit one with a laser and it appeared to stop momentarily but kept going.  We noticed after the first and second sightings they had a time interval, each sighting was about to 15 minutes in-between – roughly, we didn’t time them but it was approximate and the intervals were about equal. The loops they made kept moving southerly progressively moving coming nearer and nearer to us. The first passes turned short of our area with pass’s number 5 and 6 directly overhead and number 7 was slightly south of our position.;42.1245;-72.4464
