Very intense orange-yellow light moves from south to north in early A.M. and late P.M.;2002-10-01 06:30:00;15-20 Min;Very intense orange-yellow light moves from south to north in early A.M. and late P.M. Since I live on a farm with my parents, I have to get up to do chores in the morning, and I do the same at night. During the winter months, it is usually dark at those times, so the night sky can be visible if it isn't cloudy.  On several occasions, I have witnessed a bright yellow-orange light off to both the east and west of our house, which remains stationary for a period of about ten minutes. One particular evening, the object appeared in the southwestern sky, clearly visible in the twilight. I observed it slowly (very, very slowly) moving from south to north for a period of about ten minutes (to hazard a guess, I would say it moved about an inch from my perspective in the sky). I walked into our barn to feed our animals, and about three minutes later when I walked out, the object was due west, having moved significantly in that short amount of time.  It can also be observed off to the southeast sometimes in the morning, and it usually does the same thing. Look away for a few minutes, and it will have moved significantly across the sky.  I know for sure that it isn't a form of aircraft (such as the MedFlight that flies around every now and again) because there was no sound emitted. The light is also very intense, and it never blinks. In addition, there are no major airports anywhere near us, only a small one across town that houses small aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.5951;-89.6322
multi colored lights moving at impossible speeds;2014-05-09 10:10:00;40 seconds;multi colored lights moving at impossible speeds I was riding in the car with my friend going to his house. this blue light shot up from the ground in the distance it changed colors of the rainbow and moved at crazy speeds in different directions back and forth.  it didn't last long.  I lost sight of it as my friend pulled in his driveway I got out to look and couldn't see it.  it was not a plane it couldn't move the way it did. classic impossible manuveurs! my friend didn't believe me and he was driving!;42.5951;-89.6322
