Daylight spherical object projects vertical electrical blue column to four times its diameter downward while over NASA Goddard SFC..;2004-10-06 13:02:00;~ four minutes;Daylight spherical object projects vertical electrical blue column to four times its diameter downward while over NASA Goddard SFC.. I thought you might like to have my illustrated report of a UFO I saw yesterday, October 6, in Greenbelt, MD, 13:02 to 13:06 hours.  At first it was only the white sphere (very clearly outlined), and then , it seemingly suddenly (See below.) 'generated' the strange (seemingly high-speed pulsing at maybe 10-12 Hz) column beneath it.  There was no wobble, pendulation, pitch, or roll that I could detect.  It remained perfectly stable and vertical at all times, while traveling at about ninety degrees to the rather brisk wind.  It made a sharp and substantial change (but a bit less than ninety degrees) in course, suddenly, at about 40% up the vertical component of its course.  It disappeared due to altitude at about 80 degrees elevation in my ~ south-east.  Sphere became brighter as it sped up and with distance, but the electric blue column seemed to keep a constant light level.  Attached are, (1), how it looked before extending the column, and, (2), a version of how the object looked after the electric blue column was extended.  One comment: That drawing of the sphere, alone, does not show the thing nearly as clearly as the actual view I had of it.  The edges were very sharp, and clear as could be -- much sharper than the moon's edge on the clearest of days, because it was so close.  Until the object climbed very high (almost vertically), it was of sufficient angular size as to be seen quite sharply and distinctly.  The white, spherical object had NO COLUMN WHATSOEVER until I took my eyes off it for a moment because a car in the parking lot honked near me, and when I looked back up after only a couple of seconds, the strange column was there!  No camera with me. :(    I'd have gotten some spectacular, sharp  images, otherwise.  At closest, the sphere, per se, subtended at least half a degree (moon or sun angular  size), but as you can see, the electric blue column made its vertically subtended arc larger.  The initial sighting location was a few blocks W-SW of the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Maryland, and would guess the object made its direction change when it was approximately right over the space flight center. Come to think about it, that would possibly have been what it was over when the electric blue tube beneath the object appeared, but I would caution against any undue speculation about what, if anything, it might have been doing over Goddard.  Of one thing I am certain, it did not come from there, because I am quite familiar Goddard.  I waited, overnight, to report this until the drawings were complete, wanting to make the drawings while while what I saw was very fresh on my mind.   Ray Stanford ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Ray Stanford, noted author and UFO investigator, for sharing this report.  Other witnesses to the event can reach him at <tracker@earthlink.net>.  PD));39.0013;-76.888
