Low, slow moving craft over NASA Goddard Space Flight Center;1986-06-01 19:00:00;> 10 mins;Low, slow moving craft over NASA Goddard Space Flight Center I don't know the exact date I saw this -- I can say that it occurred between 1984 and 1988. My mother, father and I were at the Cipriano Square shopping center which is right across the street from the main entrance to the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, MD. My mother and I had just finished using an ATM when my father, who was waiting next in the parking lot, waived us over quickly to point out the unidentified object. The object was hovering at approximately 1000-2000 feet, about 1/2 mile SE of the shopping plaza. The shape of the object was not discernable, however it had, as I recall, three white lights, situated what I assumed to be at its perimeter.  The most noticeable thing about this craft was that it made no noise and that it moved so slowly -- very slowly. The object was easily 300 feet long if all the lights observed belonged to the same craft. It moved very slowly to the NE. This craft did not have position/navigation lights typical of FAA approved aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of event is approximate.  PD));39.0013;-76.888
5 bright objects.  3 in a specific triangle shape.  Moved 1 yard from tree branch measuring spot of origin.;2015-03-16 00:40:00;5 minutes;5 bright objects.  3 in a specific triangle shape.  Moved 1 yard from tree branch measuring spot of origin. 5 bright objects not any known stars.  Too close to earth not airplanes.  3 in triangle shape 2 below the triangle.  The point of the triangle is the brightest and closest to earth.  An airplain flew directly under all 5 objects.  The airplain lights just as brights as unidentifiable objects.  They then moved slowly north all 5 together.  In 5 minutes about a yard away from the tree branch that i was using to measure their movement.  There were binerial sounds of low helicopters and low buzzing engines.  I have heard and viewed several times but this is my first time being 100% sure after looking up clcurrent stars and constellations viewable in my area.;39.0013;-76.888
Intense, pulsating, humming sound heard in Greenbelt Park around 3AM, Labor Day morning.;2016-09-05 03:00:00;Several minutes;Intense, pulsating, humming sound heard in Greenbelt Park around 3AM, Labor Day morning. While camping in Loop D of Greenbelt Park, I was awakened by what was the sound of animals walking in the woods surrounding our campsite.  At the time, there were no generators on nearby, no traffic sounds coming from the nearby roadways, and no airplane or helicopter sounds--just the sounds of insects and the continuing sounds of what were probably just animals moving in the woods. While laying awake, though, unable to fall back asleep, an unnatural, pulsating, humming sound grew from among the natural sounds I was hearing.  The sound grew louder and louder, sounding like it was approaching the area in which we were.  It reached such an immensely loud volume that I couldn't believe my wife hadn't awoken.  The overwhelming sound continued at this discomforting volume for what I believe was several minutes. Honestly, I was scared.  I continued laying there in our tent, only looking out the tent's mesh portions we left uncovered for the night breezes and not leaving the tent to actually take a look up or around.  I didn't see anything from inside the tent, but the sound was haunting.  Thankfully, as I thought at the time, the sound receded back into the the more natural sounds of the night, sounding like it had traveled away from the area, and finally leaving me in peace, but unable to fall back asleep for some time. During the entire experience, I had attempted to wake my wife up without being too loud because I didn't want to sound ridiculous.  The following morning, though, she told me she had heard me, but just went back to sleep.  She assured me, however, that she had heard some sort of sound like what I described to her, but in her sleepy state just figured it was a natural, insect-like sort of buzzing.  I've since assured her that it was not. It was nothing I've heard before, nothing natural, nothing heard any other night during our stay at Greenbelt Park. I reached out to Greenbelt Park via email after returning home from our long drive, as well as to the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center via Twitter.  Greenbelt Park has since replied, but had no answers for me, assuring me they would contact me if any information become known to them.  The NASA Goddard Space Flight Center has yet to respond to my message. I contacted them, specifically, because of their close, roughly two-mile distance from Greenbelt Park.;39.0013;-76.888
