Triangle UFO above Corning, NY.;1994-07-23 01:00:00;0:05;Triangle UFO above Corning, NY. My friend and I were driving around late at night. We stopped for a moment on Spencer Hill Road to drink some soda, eat some snacks, and listen to music on his car stereo. He had a Honda Civic with a sunroof and I took a minute to look up at the sky which was clear with only a few clouds. I noticed a set of 3 lights in a triangle pattern hovering about a half mile or so above his car. The lights were plain white lights which did not blink. The object emitted no sound at all. I guessed its size to be no larger than 200 feet but admittedly it is hard to gauge size at night with no reference.  I told my friend to look up and he saw the lights too. We thought it was maybe an airplane but it was not moving and was too quiet. It also was too big to be a helicopter and we would have heard it if it was. We even turned the car off and turned the music off to confirm it made no noise. We got creeped out by the situation and decided to drive down the road. As we started driving the object began to follow the direction of the car. I could now clearly see that it was an opaque equilateral triangular object and the stars within the triangle were obscured. We drove faster and faster and the object continued to follow in the direction of the car. We finally got to the outskirts of the city of Corning and the late night fog began to obscure the sky.  When we were fully into the city we drove to my apartment. My friend was spooked out as well so he drove home. I was so terrified that I could not sleep and I kept looking up at the sky. Later that night there was a loud thunderstorm. We were scared by the encounter and we told a few friends who believed us. We spent the next week or so driving around late at night seeing if it would come back but it never did.  Weeks later my girlfriend at the time(who I am now married to) says that there were military helicopters flying low over the city as if they were looking for something. I never told her about the UFO sighting until after she told me about the helicopters.  ----------------- Please do not include this final part of my message if you put this report on your website: I have grown up around aircraft and helicopters since I was young. I am now an Aviation Structural Mechanic for the U.S. Navy. I have seen literally thousands of foreign and domestic military and civilian aircraft at day and during night. I have seen military aircraft at night with just formation lights on. I have seen confidential and secret aircraft operating at night as well. I have also worked at several military installations in the desert. I can say that the object which my friend and I saw late that night was no military or civilian aircraft. I wrote down my experience a long time ago but never reported it until this day. This message I am writing now is basically a transcription of what I wrote a long time ago.  After I told a friend about this sighting he said that there were triangle UFOs seen in Belgium. I looked up a photo of one of these UFOs and the one we saw is similar. The only difference is that the UFO we saw did not have a triangle in the middle. It only had triangle lights near the points.  I am reporting this UFO sighting for historical purposes. I hold a security clearance with the military and I do not want to have my name connected to anything which could hurt my clearance. I believe in UFOs and I believe that the job you are doing is worthy of merit. I do not have any other UFO sightings to report except this one. I am sorry it is not sensational, but I assure you it is truthful. Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));42.143;-77.0456999999998
