Close up encounter.;1978-08-13 19:30:00;45 seconds;Close up Encounter My wife and I had a very close up experience while living in Santa Clarita Valley.  This occurred in 1978 but the memory lives in our minds as it were last night.  We feel highly appreciative for the experience and are not afraid to openly discuss it without any intentions of financial gain. It was the summer of 1978.  Santa Clarita Valley is located north of the San Fernando Valley and north of Los Angeles.  Santa Clarita was then a small and laid-back community mostly referred to as Valencia.  We recently relocated back from a two-year international management assignment followed by a two-year management assignment in Arizona.  We then were transferred to California and chose Santa Clarita because of the open spacious country living, low crime statistics, no smog, and nice neighborhoods.  I purchased a two-story corner house with a swimming pool. One Friday evening, around 7:30PM, I was using a long pole with an attached brush designed to sweep the walls of the pool.  Our children would probably swim early the following morning and I wanted the pool to be clean.  As I reached upwards on the pole to push downwards I saw a craft approaching.   The craft was at a distance equivalent one or two short blocks away and not flying parallel to streets but on a southeastern direction directly towards my position.  It was immediately obvious to me that the craft was not a helicopter nor airplane since these would not normally fly that low and the physical characteristics did not match these.  At that distance the craft seemed wider, with luminous lights in the circumference area of the frontal section (referred to as leading edge).  I stared at it for a brief perplexed 10 seconds.   After realizing that it was something out of the ordinary, I ran down the steps from the poolside deck platform where I had been standing.  The platform was about four feet higher than the pool water and the opposite surrounding pool deck area.   It was about 15 fast running steps from there to the backyard entry to the family room.  My wife and two children were watching television there.  I yelled for them to come outside and see, but only my wife came out, the children were watching television.   My wife and I walked fast, perhaps 30 feet, towards the side of the pool opposite the platform side where I had been standing.  By that time the craft was right over our pool area at an altitude of no more than 50-75 feet and perhaps even less. The craft had come to a complete stop in proximity over one end of the pool area as we stood almost bellow it.  The craft made no sound whatsoever.  It wobbled slightly as if it was moved by the wind, but there was no noticeable wind at that moment.  The craft leaned forward and downwards and then we saw a large forward angled window, located bellow the leading edge that was perhaps 8 feet in length and 3-4 feet in height. We could see an orange bluish glow from inside but no occupants or controls.  As the craft leaned forward I could see light emanating from its upper section and not from the pool lights reflection since the pool lights would be unable to reflect on the upper section.  The craft seemed to be manufactured as one solid piece.  There were no visible seams or rivets. The bottom of the craft was concave towards the center.  In the deepest section of the concave center two rectangular objects were visible, which ran the length of the deep concaved section and seemed to be a few feet apart from each other.  The craft had an upper dome with porthole like windows but no internal visibility.  The upper dome was round and centered in relation to the lower part of the craft with no visible seams.   The total height of the craft appeared to be the equivalent of a one and half story typical track residence or less.  I calculated the height by comparing it to our two-story house.  The diameter was a! pproximately 50-60 feet or less.  There were no visible markings, insignias or identification on the craft. Under the front leading edge of the circular craft was some ski like protruding devices with two side-by-side configurations.  The design I cannot replicate even though I always scored high in I.Q, tests where design progressions (similar to mathematical progressions) had to be decided from multiple drawing choices.  I also remember thinking they were too far forward from the crafts center of gravity something we studied in Group Propulsion in relation to the length and loading of aircraft.  The ski-like devices were similar to the letter “S” with the top of the S facing forward but with more elaborate details filling the gaps.  At the time my conclusion, at the time, was they were some type of hanging or anchoring device. During the entire experience lasting some 45 seconds or longer, my wife kept repeating “Oh my God!” over and over again.  I tried to concentrate on details and in my mind kept repeating “take me with you.”   We were both frozen in awe and disbelief.  It was like seeing a large bus that I previously described as a Greyhound bus floating over your house.   Both of us looked upwards and did not speak to each other during the sighting.  There was no fear, an unprompted paralysis, and a high respect to what we were seeing.  We both had the sensation of being watched primarily because the craft maneuvered downward at an angle towards us, and then regained a level position parallel to the ground. As a part of my analysis during the experience I listened for other engines, other craft, or the possibility that this craft was being suspended from another craft as a hoax but concluded there were no other man-made craft in the vicinity.  The craft then began to move at a very slow speed of around 20 miles per hour. I jumped on a wall that surrounded our backyard so that I could see the trajectory.  I saw it between houses as it continued at that speed for at least 7 miles from our house, and heading in a southeast direction from Santa Clarita over a mountainous section of eastward Los Angeles County.  I instructed my wife not to discuss it but to try to draw what she saw and then we would compare drawings.  My drawings had more details.  Then we began comparing the experience and both had seen the very same details. My conclusion is that the craft wanted us to observe it or perhaps was examining us. I am 100% sure this was not a man-made craft or technology.  I am also convinced by the event that U.S. Government intelligence agencies know we are being visited by extra-terrestrials and are hiding facts.  To me, the only rationale reason is because they lied once about their existence (perhaps Roswell and others) and the complex structured secretive system is unable to reverse course, or that disclosure may cause the loss of statutory governmental powers as citizens realize that borders, religions and global federal governments are meaningless and helpless.   My conclusion leads me to think that the visitors do not wish to work with a single government as they are roaming global skies making their presence known.  There were lingering questions in my mind after the sighting.  Since the craft must originate from an advanced civilization why do they need windows?  My technical assumption is that a! n advanced civilization would have cameras on the exterior that are able to duplicate exactly what is visible outside of the craft.   Why were we allowed to see the interior through the large window but not the occupants?   After reporting the experience to the local Sheriff, he said they had no additional reports.   Later someone who claimed he was with NASA automated airport sciences called me and said that his call was unofficial. The only somewhat related experience was during a father daughter overnight camping event.  The event was prior to our sighting experience.  Several of my neighbors were FBI agents.  During the outing two of the agents who had daughters were standing close to each other looking at the visible stars.  One of them whispered to the other that he heard that strange crafts were often visible in the area.  I was standing a few feet away from them and could hear them.  During my earlier education, I graduated and was certified in Group Propulsion Systems and had a choice to either continue studies as a Flight Engineer or Aeronautical Engineering.  I selected Aeronautical Engineering.  Afterwards studied business management and was an early participant in Information Technology, as a systems analyst, followed by executive positions in the computer and software industry.  I eventually formed my own international management consulting and international business services for Fortune 100 companies. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.4253760036489;-118.513900821168
Up close over backyard pool;1979-07-13 22:00:00;40 seconds;Up close over backyard pool Husband and wife state that an UFO hovered over their backyard. The location of the sighting was Santa Clarita Valley, California, United States on July 13, 1979    According to the husband it was 10.00 p.m. in the evening when he initially saw the object.  According to their testimony the object was 75-100 feet in diameter and directly overhead at a height of 50-75 feet.  The object was disk shaped and its colouring was silver/white metallic.  The length of the sighting was approximately 45 seconds. He writes, It was one warm summer Friday around 10:00 p.m. in the evening in California's Santa Clarita Valley. I was brushing the swimming pool with a long pole and attached brush so that the kids could swim the following day. The pole requires you reach up to push down. I was standing on a high platform next to and overlooking the pool and about 4 feet over the rest of the pool area. As I reached to the upper end of pole, I saw a craft approaching the house from about 1-2 blocks away and from the West and heading South East.  I knew right away that it was not a helicopter or plane. It seemed flatter and wider and with lights in a circumference of the main leading edege area. I ran towards the house, some 60 feet, and called my family to see it. Only my wife came out. By that time it was stationary directly over our house and pool. It was approximately 75-100 feet above us. We stood along side of the pool deck. It made no sound whatsoever, and it was at a complete stop over us for about 40 seconds. The only motion was a slight wobble and when it moved and tilted downwards at an angle. I was then able to determine that light was emanating from it's skin and not pool lights reflection. I took the downward tilting as some form of acknowledgment. It remained tilted downwards at a 30-40 degree angle for about 10 seconds. During the entire time, we were frozen in disbelief. It is a strange sensation knowing that what you are seeing is not supposed (to exist) and very foreign. It was (like) seeing a Greyhound Bus floating over your house!  Witness claims that it had a small portholes and lights around the upper dome section, He describes the object as solid, metallic and shiny. It had a dome on the upper section of the craft and seemed as if created from a single mold with no visible seams. The lower underneath section of the object was concave towards the center and had two rectangular shapes along side each other and the length of the concave under-section. The rectangular shapes were about 7-10 feet in width and ran along the craft's concave underside center. I also noticed 2 ski like devices on the front and on each side of the front underside. What caught my attention was that the devices were not in the center or the center of gravity for the craft's diameter and design but very forward. The skis were S shaped with the top of the S facing forward but a design I could not replicate even though I scored very high on isometric drawings and IQ tests that included realting drawing sequences. Upon the craft leaning in a downward motion we could see a window or cockpit like glass that was situated in the underside, it was on the front lower edge of the round craft. The rectangular window was approximately 4 feet in height and possibly 8-10 feet in length. There was a glow of soft orange and blue lights from the inside but we could not see anyone or any controls. It remained at a forward and downward angle for about 10 seconds. We both had the sensation of being watched. As it was angled, I noticed that light was emanating from the upper section that was not facing the swimming pool lights. Thus, it seemed to generate light through skin of the craft as the lights that first attracted me faced forward and was much lower than the upper section of the craft. My wife and I did not say anything to each other during the experience but she kept saying oh my God over and over again. The craft then left slowly at 30-40 MPH. I jumped on a wall around our property to continue seeing for at least 7-miles. I instructed my wife not to discuss it, to draw what she saw and then we would compare drawings. They matched, although mine had more detail and accuracy. I have a background that includes working with Group Propulsion Systems, studied aeronautical engineering followed by busines and later as an executive with several major computer companies. What we saw was close, real, solid, and a beautiful designed craft. I know from my aeronautical engineering background that mankind has no such technology, he concludes.;34.4253760036489;-118.513900821168
bright lights caught my eye as we were driving home it was round saucer shape with a triangle of lights under the saucer.;2007-03-30 23:39:00;2or 3 mins;bright lights caught my eye as we were driving home it was round saucer shape with a triangle of lights under the saucer. light sky at night on a dark road coming home did not see any trafic on this road at the time but it cuaght my eye off to the left of me driving by the time it was up close i got out of my car and it was write over my head no noise at all going very very slow seems to just hover over the top of our car for a few seconds then keep going by there was no noise and there i saw the bottom of what it looked like very easily i can send to you a drawing of what it look like with no problem it was very shocking to view it i have heard about sightings for years but this is the frist rel one i saw the lights were very bright on the top of it they were blue and white under the saucer they were all white light and dark ones.;34.4253760036489;-118.513900821168
