Two triangle UFO's sighted in the small Bergen village in Rochester, N.Y.;2011-06-01 00:00:00;2 minutes;Two triangle UFO's sighted in the small Bergen village in Rochester, N.Y. The sightings occurred in the backyard of my parents house approximately around midnight on 06/01/11 and on 06/02/11 in sequence with each other.   Allow me to state that these dates may be incorrect by a day or two, being that I cannot be absolutely sure they are correct, but I am certain it was in the first week of June. Periodically when I’m at my parents’ house I would like to go outside and enjoy a smoke and play fetch with my eight year old chocolate lab Brandy.  My parents’ back yard isn’t a large one, and is concealed by a wooden fence, with a fire-pit in one corner and a dog house in the other.  The property itself resides in the small village of Bergen, located west of the city of Rochester, N.Y., in Genesee County. Around approximately midnight of the first sighting, I had finished my cigarette and begun to walk back to the house, when I suddenly got this urge to look up at the night sky.  At first glance there was nothing out of the ordinary, but after staring up at the stars for about less than a minute an arrow head (or triangle) shaped aircraft silently flew over head.  On each one of the three points was a dim ball of light, and may I add that these lights gave off no reflection or glare what so ever, but instead had the tone of what a reddish orange blanket would look like if you were to put it over a light bulb.  As the aircraft flew behind the cover of some trees, I tried to run to maintain vision on the aircraft, but it was gone by the time I made it around the edge of the trees. My first reaction to this sighting was disbelief, and that maybe my eyes were playing tricks on me.  It felt almost as if I was stuck in some dream for about five minutes and woke up after it was all done.  So the next following night I decided to go out again, and once again I saw the aircraft. The second sighting took place around midnight as well, and when I saw it again for the second time, I knew it wasn’t my mind playing tricks on me.  It was different in certain aspects though.  This aircraft seemed to be flying on its’ side, but still maintained the triangle shape.  In between each of the lights seemed to be this very thin string of light between each of the three lights, and the lights themselves were rotating around each other. I have gone out every night since those sightings, and haven’t seen those types of aircraft since.  Now in both directions of my house, and I mean East and West are the Rochester Airport and the Buffalo Airport.  So being 24 years old now, I have some general knowledge of what planes look like and sound like, and I can honestly say that I have never seen anything like that before.  It hasn’t been too long since those sightings occurred and for some reason I have a very strong gut feeling that they won’t be the last.  Something inside me told me to stop and look up.;43.083;-77.9603
Triangle shaped flying object.;2016-11-26 23:33:00;2 minutes;Triangle shaped flying object. Driving through bergen ny at 1133pm.  There was a triangle shaped craft flying north east.  There were 3 white lights forming a triangle and a red light in the center.  I tried to look online to see if there are any airplanes matching this appearance but there were not any that came up immediately.  I turned down a road in the direction it was flying to watch it.  After about a minute I could no longer see it.;43.083;-77.9603
