it was green hovering;1996-12-25 22:00:00;30 seconds;it was green hovering it was 10:00 I was wide awake becaus my child was sick and i was worried about him and i looked out the window and i saw a green light hovering around the trees;60.1329;-149.3985
3 lights observed.  Pretty sure they were in orbit.  1 leading, 2 following equal distances from lead in triangular form heading in a n;1999-09-02 21:00:00;3 min;3 lights observed.  Pretty sure they were in orbit.  1 leading, 2 following equal distances from lead in triangular form heading in a north-easterly direction.  Pretty sure they were not military aircraft as there was no un-natural lighting.  Objects kept the same distance apart until fading in the earths shadow.  Never have witnessed satelites working in threes before on the exact same course.  They were three distinct objects as we could see stars between them.  If you know what we saw I would like to here from you.;60.1329;-149.3985
US Navy's Classic Wizard, aka White Cloud;1999-09-02 21:00:00;3 min;US Navy's Classic Wizard, aka White Cloud I am writing in response to an observation that was posted that incluided an accompanying request for information from anyone knowing what was being observed.  This was most likely the Navy's Classic Wizard system.  You may read about it from a Russian report here:  http://www.fas.org/spp/military/program/surveill/noss_andronov.htm   The brief description of the observation was excellent, leading to almost perfect confirmation of this being a White Cloud sighting.  Hope this helps.  As a synopsis, the White Cloud system has been know under other names, but its salient characteristic is always three satellites moving together and visible at approximately magnitude 2.5 to 3.5 in the night sky.  The posted observation reports the satellites in triangle formation.  This should almost always be true.  Due to the nature of orbital mechanics, the orbits of any two of the satellites must always intersect twice during each complete orbiting of the Earth as viewed from the ground.  The slightly elliptical orbits mean that the satellites are at slightly differing orbital altitudes during each orbital intersection.  Most of the time the White cloud formation will appear to be triangular, however it will occaisionally appear to for a very distorted triangle, or even a straight line.  It is possible that other agencies or other governments have ELINT tri-satellite systems in orbit, but the US Navy is the only agency I am aware of that uses this system in an orbital characteristic to create visible triangle formations.  By looking for electromagnetic emissions on the ocean and matching the patterns and characteristics of the emissions to a database, the satellites are able to identify with a high degree of accuracy the type of surface craft and country of origin.  Each satellite can do this, but to triangulate the exact targetting of such a vessel for an over the horizon strike, three satellites are necessary.  It is interesting to know this from Russian publications on the web.  If the information was not available in such a format, I would not write about it here.  Even so, I prefer to remain anonymous, as the national security laws may be misused.  -Regards ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the source of this report, who chooses to remain totally anonymous.  PD));60.1329;-149.3985
String of 9 bright lights, orange in color seen at mile 5-6 of Seward Highway moving slowly south.;2011-03-26 21:00:00;5 mins;String of 9 bright lights, orange in color seen at mile 5-6 of Seward Highway moving slowly south. While driving home along the Seward Highway, I was at ~mile 4 heading north when up ahead in the sky I saw what I at first though were very large stars although that didn’t make sense.  They were more of an orange color and much too large to be stars I didn’t count them, I guesstimate around 9, always staying an equal distance from each other.   When I first saw them one end appeared to be below the tree line so I thought someone must be flying a string of something from their house (this too didn’t seem likely but in my head I was desperately trying to make sense of what I was seeing), however as I proceeded along the highway I got to where I was right underneath the lights (Seward Highway and Stony Creek Ave) and found they were not below the tree line and in fact were very slowly moving along in a southerly direction (toward town).  They were not in any formation, more like a string of lights moving along together although when I first saw them and was ma! king my way closer (and therefore the angle of my view changing as I went) some of them formed into a pentagon for a short time.  I stopped when they were right above me, as it was night I can’t really say how high they were but maybe another trees length above tree line.  After I stopped I tried to focus in on one to see if I could make out the shape but it was too bright, also noted there was no noise at all.   I decided to go the rest of the way to my house and get a neighbor to look with me but as soon as I got just a ways down the road they were out of sight below the tree line and I did not go back for another look.;60.1329;-149.3985
Reports from witnesses in different locations confirm seeing 4 objects with flashing colored lights, hovering over resurrection bay;2020-03-30 21:30:00;Several hours;Reports from witnesses in different locations confirm seeing 4 objects with flashing colored lights, hovering over resurrection bay 2 people pulled over on Nash road, noticed an object straight ahead, They thought it might have been a drone. The object was flashing colored lights,  with a steady bright white light beaming out from it. The female witness called a friend who lived down the road to see if she was flying her drone, the witnesses friend looked outside and saw the object and noticed that there were three others in the sky further away forming a square pattern,  one object on each corner. She did her best to record it and we have video.  The objects were in the sky for several hours. later that night the two friends met up with another friend who mentioned seeing the same things in the sky. He had witnessed the objects taking off one by one moving very fast across the sky. Many brightly lit fast-moving unidentified flying object have been observed in the Seward night sky for the past few months. The frequency is increasing with sightings. There is a lot of activity going on in the sky at night and a few of us have decided to pay more attention and document these sightings to the best of our ability, but we don’t have strong enough cameras or telescopes, we are attempting to obtain.   The next morning the original witness got a call from her boyfriend who is staying out at a lodge on Resurrection Bay, he said he saw his first UFO sighting the night before and he described the exact same thing that we had all seen. He was about 20 miles away from the original siding on Nash Road, and he stated that when he saw these objects in the skyHis hair stood up, and he knew that he had seen a real UFO  It would be worth serious scientific examination from professionals and the sightings are becoming frequent enough to almost guarantee a sighting if someone were to come here to do research...;60.1329;-149.3985
