My hunting buddies and I witnessed this while camping in a sparsely populated area of Ohio.;1996-12-05 23:00:00;1 hour;My hunting buddies and I witnessed this while camping in a sparsely populated area of Ohio. The objects that we encountered were a good distance from us on the horizon. We were outside at the camp fire when wew first saw them. I got up to go to the bathroom and noticed the lights. They were small plain white lights, nothing multicolored. I told the other guys to checkit out. For approximately an hour, we watched these things dance across the sky in awkward patterns. The seemed at times to defy the laws of physics. One very prominent feature was their ability to accelerate at a very fast rate. When they did so, the craft expelled sparks (or what seemed to be sparks from a great distance). These craft could turn on a dime and sometimes seemed to stop. It almost appeared as if they were playing tag. At one point there were at least 5 flying across the sky. I am not an astrophysicist, but I am an Air Force brat, and I have seen every make and model of military and civilian aircraft fly. These things were not performing routine maneuvers. In fact, I don't know of any aircraft that can do the things that the craft were doing. The craft were pretty far from us on the horizon, I am guessing a few miles. I could tell that they were flying at speeds exceeding any mach level we have achieved. My buddies and I are fairly convinced that the craft we saw were either experimental government projects or something paranormal. ((NUFORC Note:  A similar report was submitted by a group of hunters near Watkinsville, GA, on Saturday, 27NO99.  The video from that event was inconclusive, since the camcorder was being hand-held by the photographer at the time of filming, and was not on a tripod.));38.9833;-83.3686
Orions belt, Brighter than I ever saw anything, then two aircrafts departed in opposite directions from it.;2004-12-08 18:45:00;1.5 mins;Orions belt, Brighter than I ever saw anything, then two aircrafts departed in opposite directions from it. I was feeding my horses as i do on any other night when i saw some light on the hay. I looked up and saw what looked to be the three stars on orions belt light up brighter than any aircraft light i have ever seen. It lasted about a minute and a half, fluxuating color and intensity about every 2 seconds. I then saw two aircrafts depart in opposite directions from where the lights were. They seemed to be going pretty fast and making maneuvers I have never seen in a modern day aircraft, they flew off and i watched them until i could not see their lights anymore.;38.9833;-83.3686
