light seen with air traffic all around not consistintly mobile with too long of a wait for a copter, though still seems to have movemen;2009-02-06 20:00:00;still-20:42;light seen with air traffic all around not consistintly mobile with too long of a wait for a copter, though still seems to have movemen a bright light was seen and noticed too close to earth then a star and shown to a sibling. when later looking and keeping track of such light it was seen at a nother spot and when out side smokeing it seems to seperate like an illusion and appear in a mind altering apperiance of approximitly 10-20 feet away looking like eyes and a bit creapy. it is now about an hour later and such object has not left the area and neather has the two to three air plains in the area. no blinking lights indicateing that the object is fitting with air space requirements. when looking at it with a teliscope the lense is too unclear and all can be is a circle with some brown colored lights in the center. when looking at it with binoculars three lights can be seen two side by side and one above it in compairison in size the third light seems to be a tad bit smaller. this is not the first time bright lights has been noticed out there but no never mind has been taken though this is the first time that it has been closely examined in person i believe that it or some like it has been there before and the air traffic is always jets and helicopters. some really high some so low its like there going to crash into the house but never loud enough to really cause consern. thank you for your concern i hope it leaves or stops in for a smoke cause it seems to be intrested in the times i step out side for a smoke because it then brightens up. oh yeah did i mention that i has moved from the first time seen by my self it was in the western direction in witch it could be seen more off to the left then what seemed to be the direct center behind ththe house and now twords the right and can be discribed in a 8 differince to a 5 difference;42.3771;-76.9031
3 Separate Sightings 15 minutes appart;2010-07-03 21:30:00;4-6 minutes each;3 Separate Sightings 15 minutes appart July 4, 2010   We heard of object sightings over Seneca lake the weekend of June 26-27 from 2 separate and unrelated sources . . . .BUT- last night (July 3, 2010) at around 9:30 my wife & I were with 6 friends - (one of which had seen the lights the week before) were on the east shore of Seneca Lake about 10 miles north of the Village of Watkins Glen (located at the southern tip).   We are all professionals between 35 and 56 years old.  We were watching fireworks around the lake from the dock.  We saw 3 separate sightings of similar UFO objects about 15 minutes apart-they were NOT an aircraft that anyone could identify-no flashing lights typical of aircraft, movements were not typical of planes, and no airplane noises were heard. The objects sight came from the horizon at the south-west (the first object came from a point furthest to the west compared to the other two) and traveled northerly up the lake pulsating a orangish/red glow. Their sizes at their largest point was about twice that of Venus, which was visible just above the western horizon and at least as bright if not brighter.  Each time, their altitudes were at least a few thousand feet (guessing-based on the height of the surrounding hills from the water). Most of their movements were similar in character to each other with erratic speed (fast then slow) and motions -veering off to one side or the other, sometimes instantly reversing their direction - sometimes appearing to stop or hover along their mainly northern route before continuing. None of the movements were super-fast. All three sightings ended similarly in that they appeared to stop in about the same location to our south (distance unknown and very difficult to even guess) although their routes to get to that area were slightly different.   After being stationary a few seconds-they got brighter and brighter then began to move south and upward slowly (in relation to our position) as their light dimmed and then vanished.  The second object re-appeared briefly (and dully) after a second or so of turning south disappearing, remaining visible for one or two more seconds again - which helped to verify that it was still moving after we lost sight of it before it then vanished. The first sighting was approximately 5-6 minutes long, with the second and third being a little over 4 minutes.;42.3771;-76.9031
Three lights in the night sky over upstate NY moving erratically and very quickly;2011-07-13 22:29:00;10 min;three lights in the night sky over upstate NY moving erratically and very quickly We received a call from my sister, quite excited and agitated, saying that she was following some UFO lights. I was very concerned and asked her son and my son and one of our nephews to drive with me to find her, mostly to make sure she was all right since she was all alone driving in the dark. We left Watkins Glen and turned up the hill on Rt. 79 at its intersection with Rt. 227. Once we reached the top of the ridge, my son who was driving and our nephew who was in the front seat of the van started yelling that they were seeing something, and my sister’s son joined them in the front and also started spotting these lights. I am older and don’t see as well at night as they do, but I did move to the front of the van to see. I could make out three lights moving much faster and more erratically than any plane or helicopter could, traveling first in the sky over Ithaca ahead of us (due east) and then whipping around to swing in the sky to our left, which would be northeast. Their movements were unpredictable, very swift, and jerky. The lights I saw seemed to have a reddish-amber cast alternating with a yellow-white color. They were very far away and very high in the sky. I am president and owner (with my husband) of an editorial services firm, college-educated, in my late 50s. I do not seek after paranormal or other-worldly events and was only along on this ride because I wanted to make sure my sister was all right. Though I definitely did see something that was not like anything I had seen in the sky before, I have no theories about what those lights might have been nor am I in a big hurry to find out. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see other two reports from Watkins Glen for this date.  We spoke with one of the witnesses via telephone, and we found her to be exceptionally objective and eloquent in her description of her sighting.  PD));42.3771;-76.9031
Strange, Non-Aircraft Moving, Pulsing Lights Observed in Rural Upstate New York;2011-07-13 22:30:00;10 minutes;Strange, Non-Aircraft Moving, Pulsing Lights Observed in Rural Upstate New York On Wednesday, July 13th 2011, around 9:45 pm, we received a call from my Aunt that she had seen a UFO and was tracking other UFO’s associated with it between Watkins Glen, NY and Ithaca, NY on her way home from our family reunion dinner earlier that evening.  After speaking to her on the phone for a few minutes, I got into the car with my mother and two of my cousins, one of whom is the son of my Aunt to whom we’d been speaking, to find my Aunt since she sounded frightened.  My mother called local police who asked if my Aunt needed assistance, and since we did not know, they advised us they couldn’t do anything. We got onto Highway 79 at the intersection of Highway 227 heading East toward Ithaca, still communicating with my Aunt it was at that intersection that she had told us she first saw a large glowing orb and then up to 7 other moving, pulsing lights as she continued.  We saw nothing, but as we crested the first hill, I saw two lights over the trees, at a high altitude, to my right (South) pulsing and alerted my cousins and my mother.  We watched these lights for a few moments, debating on whether or not they were stars at first.  Both lights were blinking/pulsing very rapidly and then they moved across the highway to our North and joined with a third blinking light.  During this transition, there were a few aircraft flying toward Ithaca, and we were able to compare these lights to the light of a commercial aircraft, and the two were definitely not the same. We observed these lights for nearly 10 minutes and our movement during this time resulted in the lights slowly shifting to the north of us so that I could no longer see them from my position in the driver’s seat without completely ignoring the road.  At this point, my cousins (my mother was in the backseat talking with my Aunt on the phone and no longer actively observing) began to get very excited, saying there was a fourth object that joined the other three, which had maneuvered into a triangle formation at that point.  My Aunt’s son said that if he observed the three lights that were in the triangle formation through the tinted rear windows of our van that he could make out a huge, dark triangle shape with the lights at its corners.  He also reported that the fourth object “flashed” and disappeared. As we entered Ithaca, we lost sight of the objects and met up with my Aunt, and observed local air traffic for nearly twenty minutes so that we could confirm none of us could see the objects we had previously seen any longer. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see other two reports from Watkins Glen for this date.  We spoke with one of the witnesses via telephone, and we found her to be exceptionally objective and eloquent in her description of her sighting.  PD));42.3771;-76.9031
