Bright somewhat cylindrical object with white lights/windows along the side.  ((NUFORC Note:  SpaceLink satellites??  PD));2019-05-24 02:00:00;~30 seconds;Bright somewhat cylindrical object with white lights/windows along the side. Sturgeon fishing around 2AM downriver from Swan Falls Dam/Power Plant.  It had been raining and was still partly cloudy.  So visibility was not excellent.  We noticed what we first believed was meteor debris.  However the light from it did not fade, fall, or separate the way meteors I have seen normally do.  The object appeared to be at high altitude and was a long oval tube shape without clearly defined edges.  We realized it was quite unusual when we noticed what at first glance seemed to be stars shining through actually were at least 5 bright white lights along the side of the proposed craft.  They were equal in size, shape, separation, color, and placement along the visible side much like the windows of a train or bus.  The whole object had somewhat of an undulating white color which we both agreed reminded us of translucent deep sea creatures.  While it was in view it was travelling North at a very normal pace.  We were able to see it move from clear sky, then behind a small cloud and back into clear sky and then disappearing completely behind thick cloud cover.  As we stood discussing what we had just seen the clouds past and it was gone and there were no stars even remotely in alignment to what we believed to have been lights. There was no noise, colors besides white, shape changing, separation, or any other defining things about it.  Airliners consistently flew overhead during the night which we were able to easily identify and hear.  I cannot judge the altitude other than above the clouds.  It appeared to be many times larger than the airliners that passed during the night but the fact that we could not judge the altitude I cannot say much about the size for certain.  We could not think of any rational explanation and were left dumbfounded and a little unsettled.  And we didn't catch a sturgeon. ((NUFORC Note:  SpaceLink satellites??  PD));42.848;-116.6325
