Close up with a UFO;1979-10-31 00:00:00;<5 minutes;Close up with a UFO I’ve decided to write down my story after listening to Peter on the Richard Dolan show where they had admonished people for never writing down their UFO stories. This is my story. I was 22 years old and lived in my home town of Springfield, Illinois.  I worked in a local grocery store and had finished my 3 to 11 shift and heading home. It was a weeknight as I recall and I had nothing to do, so I decided to grab a couple of beers and go for a drive in the country. Keep in mind that at this time, I had no interest in UFO’s and rarely considered them.  If you were to have asked me about them I would have shrugged off the question and considered it strange. I don’t remember the date because this happened so long ago, but the year was 1979, late October or early November. The leaves were off the trees, it was seasonably cool and the corn stubble left after the harvest in the fields had yet to be soaked and laid down by snow. The county roads in central Illinois at this time of night were completely deserted and at the time, the area I was driving in was sparsely developed and only a few lights from windows in a few houses could be seen. It was an overcast, moonless night and it was very dark. I was heading west on a very familiar road, away from town. I saw ahead of me, maybe a mile or less, three very bright lights suspended low above the ground, in a triangular configuration, motionless. My first thought was that I was looking at a helicopter with search lights, but that idea quickly evaporated as I neared the spectacle. It was just a matter of a few seconds before I was upon them. I looked out into the adjacent field and marveled at how brightly these lights illuminated a field of corn stubble. A shimmering blue-white light that lit the ground like nothing I had ever seen. I noted these lights still above me and to the right. There was a crossroads at that spot and I turned right and stopped to get a better look.( My intense curiosity and utter amazement must have pushed away any other thoughts, fear or self preservation). As soon as I did, the lights went off. I looked up out of my windshield and I could see hovering above me a large object. It was close enough I could have hit it with a underhand toss of a rock. I noticed the object had a convex bottom and had a shimmering brushed metal appearance reflecting the light of my headlights. It had a bluish color like some metals take on when exposed to extreme heat. There were two bright red lights on the side of the craft, shaped like thin, foot long tubes laid almost end to end, but aside each other with their ends touching side to side. These lights blinked alternately in one or two second intervals. I could tell ( I think) the object was rotating in place because of the slow arch they were ma! king above my car. Again, in utter fascination, I set the brake and got out of my car and stood by the door to get a closer look. Amazingly, without a sound, the object had vanished. I looked across the darkened field and could see, barely, maybe a hundred yards away, the outline of a craft sitting above a windrow of trees.  The shape was like two dinner plates, one up, one down with a cheesecake ring between. It was barely back lit by the lights of town on the horizon behind it.  I watched as it slowly lowered itself behind the windrow and as it did, without putting of any light of its own, illuminated the ground and trees around it with a dim yellow glow, as if it were somehow irradiating the objects around it.  I then watched it take off from behind the windrow, back across the road I was just on at incredible speed, again, without a sound. I stood there for a moment, awestruck. That’s when I began to formulate what I just saw in my mind, and decided get away from there as fast as possible. I’ve only told this story to a few people, including my wife of 30 years.  I don’t believe she or any of the others I’ve told ever believed me.;39.7842676056337;-89.671866197183
In the sky over my head 2 bright white disk shaped objects that seemed to be chasing each other just playing around. Then they just too;2003-10-25 02:00:00;2 minutes;In the sky over my head 2 bright white disk shaped objects that seemed to be chasing each other just playing around. Then they just took off into the sky.;39.7842676056337;-89.671866197183
Large stationary saucer shaped object over Springfield, Illinois;2007-07-03 18:45:00;55 minutes;Large stationary saucer shaped object over Springfield, Illinois I was outside in our backyard around 6:45pm CST getting the hose to fill our bird fountain. While filling it I stood facing north so that I was not looking directly into the very bright sun to my left (West).  I started looking up into the northern sky when I noticed an object that was stationary and gleaming in the very bright sun and was at the altitude of normal airliners. After I completed my honeydew chores and rolling up the hose, which took about 15 minutes in total I again looked for the object and I found it was still in the very same spot including that it was still stationary and apparently had not moved.  I called for my wife thru our patio door and asked her to come and look at some object and tell me what she thought. I pointed to it and she said, “I don’t know what that is, but it is not moving at all and maybe it is a big balloon”. My wife then went and got me our binoculars so we could take a better look.  WoW, came out of my mouth while looking at it, as it was visibly quite large, circular with a weird combination of red-green-silver haze around it. I then gave the binoculars to my wife and said, “You got to take a look at this”. Well, to say we were both astonished is an understatement.  The object remained stationary for another 25-30 minutes and then started moving directly north at a very slow pace and in fact so slow that I initially thought it had stopped moving again. As the object moved northerly the red-silver glow was more apparent and the greenish hue totally disappeared.  I watched the object for a good 40 minutes and I still do not understand what I was looking at, but I can definitely tell you it was NOT a balloon or any type of man made aircraft including a helicopter at that height.  I am still stunned thinking about it and wanted to report it accordingly. My wife and I have never seen anything like this and we both thought it should be reported, discreetly. I again want to state that this object was extremely large and far bigger than any airliner I have ever observed at that height.;39.7842676056337;-89.671866197183
white glowing craft travels overhead and changes direction;2008-09-22 19:55:00;5 minutes;white glowing craft travels overhead and changes direction I was just starting to walk with my dog for the evening.  I looked up to scan the night sky and saw an object coming from the western sky that did not appear to be an airplane.   It was coming directly from the west and I was hoping it would be a satellite reflecting the light from the sun that had set an hour earlier.  I did not see flashing lights, or colored lights just a steady glow.  As the object drew closer, it appeared it was about as high as some of the jet airliners that often pass overhead to other cities.   I was just outside of my house, so I ran back in to get binoculars (7x35) to see the object better.  It appeared to be traveling as fast as military jets at high altitude, but it did not look like a plane.  Using the binoculars, I was then able to tell that the quality of light was much brighter than reflected sunlight and that the object appeared to be creating the light.  It was a round shape glowing a very bright white with a slight hint of blue at the edges.  Again, I could not see any standard aircraft lighting.  Based on the altitude of normal aircraft, the diameter of the object appeared to be as big as the length of an airliner.   It was now about overhead, and I was thinking it could still be a satellite, when it then began changing its eastern course and then began heading in a northeastern direction.  I could not see jet thrusters or wings on the craft. I continued to watch it as it disappeared.    If it was satellite, it should have lost intensity as it went further from the horizon, and it would not have changed directions.;39.7842676056337;-89.671866197183
