4 foot being produces orb of bright light and disappears.;2003-06-10 22:30:00;3-4 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  No other reports of this alleged incident.  We do not know if this is a serious report, or not.  PD)) 4 foot being produces orb of bright light and disappears. My wife arrived home from work late one evening in a state of panic and terror. She was pounding on the front door so shaken, she was unable to get her key into the lock. It was very disturbing for me to see my wife going through the fear she was experiencing. I assumed she had been assaulted or raped. As I was getting ready to call the police, she was able to calm down somewhat and she told me to put the phone down, that it would not do any good anyway. Confused and shaken I asked why.  She explained that as she was pulling into our apartment complex, she was slowing down to select a parking spot (in low level light) when she noticed what appeared to be a small child playing around a large steel waste dumpster in the corner of the parking lot. The steel dumpster was located underneath a large stand of trees about 15 feet from her location.  She got out of her car and walked over to the rear passenger door (facing the dumpster)to get her brief case and saw movement out of her periphery that further caught her attention.  Her next concern was if this child was too young to be playing out in the dark late at night. She began to slowly walk towards the dumpster to ask where the childs parents are at.  As she approached the dumpster she could make out the contrasting shape of a head peeking out from one corner as she calmly spoke. She approached to within 6-8 feet when she heard a loud banging noise and this child suddenly had an ability to high jump 5 feet. It was then standing on top of the dumpster's steel lid staring down at her.  At this point she described feeling a pressure in her head, nausea and dizziness (this may have been a physical reaction to fear.) She told me she strained to identify if it was a neighborhood child who was staring at her for about 20-30 seconds, a kind of stand-off.  Just as she realized this was not a child, the being produced a glowing-white orb of light about the size of a volleyball in its hands and held on to it at about chest height. The light cast off from the glowing orb illuminated its head for several seconds and she described a large almond shaped head with big black eyes staring intently at her movements. She told me that she just stood there in stunned silence trying to understand what was happening and that everything seemed to be happening in slow motion. The being seemed to tighten its grasp on the glowing orb of light and it jumped feet first into the dumpster and disappeared without making any noise. Right after that is when she began to break-down emotionally and run into the apartment.  Between the time she entered our apartment and calming her down and debriefing her was about an 1-hour. With much reluctance (I'll admit I was really creeped out to do this). I went back out to the exact spot she described with my metal softball bat and D-Cell Mag-Lite. I had to know what it was that terrified my wife.  I examined that whole area, even to the point of looking inside the dumpster and I did not see or notice anything.  Over the past several years we have seen many electric-white blue streaks of light in the area around this parking lot, during late evenings without any cloudcover and have had frequent but brief power outages. My wife and I conclude that these may be related to what she experienced. This is going out on a limb here, but my wife thinks that the orb of light was some kind of device that gave this being an ability to disappear, conceal or transport itself.  At this point, we choose not to be contacted. Based on the emotional trauma she went through, I prefer that she moves on and put all of this behind her.;39.7842676056337;-89.671866197183
Fire in the sky.;2016-02-05 19:00:00;1 minute;Fire in the sky. I was sitting at a red light at the corner of Mcarthur and South Grand, when I saw what I thought was a floating lantern.   When it got closer I noticed it was not a lantern but a sphere of electricity.  It was like lightning trapped in the sphere with the color of fire.   It was flying low like a helicopter and heading towards Washington park.;39.7842676056337;-89.671866197183
