8 orange lights.;2008-08-20 01:25:00;20;8 orange lights. ok. i was watching tv laying on my broken futon and when i was feeling sleepy , i turned off the tv and turned my self to left side and saw 8 orange cirlce lights floating in the air and i stood up and looked at one moment it was close and suddenly it was flying away from me and in about 5 second it was gone!!! i found a same article on a site called myufo.com by a girl.. here it is...Name: Christy  Date of Event: around 5:10a.m., 8-19-08  Location of Event: Sylacauga, Alabama, Coosa County  Message: I was lying in bed, trying to force myself to get up. I was looking out the window, and I saw three sets of what looked like headlights floating by, as though they were in a convoy. They were not bright, and caused no reflection or light movement inside the room, as a car's headlights would do.  Each orb-shaped light had a haze around it, but I couldn't make out an actual object. They moved in pairs, one pair behind the other, moving towards my house, hence my description of headlights. I saw them for about 10 seconds, as they passed in front of my house and out of sight of me. They moved fairly slowly, my best guess being that they were traveling about as fast as a car moving at about 15-20mph.  The burnt orange orbs appeared to be about the size of tennis balls from where I saw them, and they were just above the tree line along the road that passes in front of my house, about 120 yards in distance from my house,but they did not seem to get larger as they moved towards my house. I have no idea what they were or what they could have been, hence unidentified flying object. Just an odd occurrence.  I honestly didn't think much of it at the time, except that it was strange, until my neighbor asked later in the morning if I saw anything that was odd at about that time earlier in the morning. Apparently, they saw it also, but wouldn't say what they saw or fully admit to seeing anything (that is why I said I was the only witness). her story ends here.  i am a 13 year old and i was not certainly dreaming or faking this because i went to my kitchen to drink soda and i was pretty amazed what could it be ???i know it is not normal but to show you what i looked at here is what it looked like;40.9238;-73.9989
