Daytime sighting of 7 to 11 lights, some hovering and some darting in random directions;2001-07-15 15:00:00;2 minutes;Daytime sighting of 7 to 11 lights, some hovering and some darting in random directions I was sitting in a hot tub in the back of my house looking up at the sky at 3 PM. I am an 18 year old college student who never saw UFOs before or thought much about them. The sky was blue and there were few clouds at the time. The circle of the sun was completely behind the slant of the roof and only the corona of the sun was visible to me. Around the corona, I saw from 7 to 11 white lights. Some were hovering and about 3 were darting quickly and suddenly in random directions. After a few minutes, they drifted away. They seemed to go behind the roof so I could not see them anymore. I saw them between the roof and trees that were nearby. They were so close to the sun that I suppose I would not have looked up unless the circle of the sun was hidden by the roof and did not hurt my eyes. The lights were a steady white which stood out among the blue of the sky. They reminded me of diamonds (such as a diamond with a silver background) that were sparkling. The lights were not well defined to be a particular shape but I think they were circular. They were unlike anything I've seen before. When I heard the next day that other sightings had occurred in New Jersey, I felt I should report what I had seen. These UFOs were in no particular formation and did not blink. ((NUFORC Note:  We have not received any other reports from this area of New Jersey for this time period.  If other individuals were witness to this daytime sighting, we would like to invite them to submit reports, using the NUFORC Online Report Form.  PD));40.9238;-73.9989
The W shaped object contained no lights, produced no sound, and banked left to right constantly as it flew from north to south.;2003-11-22 23:06:00;35 seconds;The W shaped object contained no lights, produced no sound, and banked left to right constantly as it flew from north to south. I was outside with my telescope looking at M34 (open star cluster in Perseus which was at the zenith) As I backed away from the eyepiece and looked up at Perseus, I saw out of the corner of my eye an extremely large W shaped object (shaped like a B2 bomber) floating slowly through the sky heading South. It was about 700-1000 feet up and about 3-5 times larger than a Boeing 747. It was much larger from wing tip to wing tip than it was nose to tail. The object was completely flat with no tail fin or physical objects sticking out of it. Its color was gun metal grey with white.  The object banked left to right several times before I lost it behind my trees. The strange thing was as it got into a brighter area of the sky, it disappeared. Even though it went behind my leafless trees I still should have been able to see the object a little bit, but it was gone. The object produced no sound and had no lights. Before the object dissapeared, I quickly ran inside and got my dad to come out, him and I watched the object slowly make its way behind our trees until we couldnt see it anymore.;40.9238;-73.9989
Fast moving Vshaped 5 lighted craft seen moving north from the south;2003-12-28 18:29:00;20-30 seconds;Fast moving Vshaped 5 lighted craft seen moving north from the south I was outside with my telescope searching for comet C/2002 T7 when I saw in my finder a very small v-shaped lighted object moving quickly north I was able to pick out 5 lights. I first spotted the object about 10 degrees from the constellation Triangulum. I quickly moved to my eyepiece and tried to follow the object. It was difficult to make out any detail except for five gold colored lights, the rest of the object was unidentifiable. At first I thought it may have been a plane but there was no noise, no strobe or marker lights, and it was way too high up. If I had to give it a magnitude in comparison to the stars Id say about magnitude 3 or 4. The object dissappeared and reappeared 3 times until it finally disappeared about 25 degrees east of Polaris(North Star).;40.9238;-73.9989
Three stars in a perfect v formation, one drops slowly out of the sky.;2004-01-10 05:50:00;45 seconds;Three stars in a perfect v formation, one drops slowly out of the sky. I was getting ready for work on the second floor of my house in the early morning, and I looked out of the bathroom window as I often do to see what the weather was. I was looking due west over the rooftop of the neighboring house. I saw the moon on the left (full moon) and to the right of the moon I saw three stars that were blinking. All three were twinkling blue/white. They all appeared equally bright. As I was looking at the three stars (which were lined up in a v or isosceles triangular formation, and two of them were exactly lined up from north to south), I noticed that the star lowest to the ground somehow was moving in a downward motion. It slowly dropped straight down until it was behind my neighbor's roof and I could not see it any more. The other two remained stationary, and as I had to hurry to work, I could not stay longer to watch. Interestingly, another member of my household saw a larger group of very similar UFOs on 7/15/01 (see reference in database) in the exact same spot over the neighbor's rooftop, but at a different time of the day and exhibiting different behavior.;40.9238;-73.9989
May 25, 2007 - Silver object with lights in the eastern sky hovering in NJ;2007-05-25 14:15:00;5 minutes;May 25, 2007 - Silver object with lights in the eastern sky hovering in NJ The sky was clear and blue – a warm, sunny day, few clouds. I was sitting outside on my front step and noticed an object in the sky, southeast. I had been watching some planes overhead, and my first thought was that this object looked like something had fallen from a plane – it was silver and seemed to be “falling” in the sky.  I kept my eye on it and as I focused on it, it appeared almost “M” or “E” shaped, but rounded - hard to explain.  It then seemed to stop “falling” and seemed to hover in place for a bit, which made me think maybe it was some sort of balloon or some sort of toy or something.  Almost like when you’re at the beach and watching people flying kites in the distance – how they just seem to hover and rock in the wind. But then it moved again, and came more towards the northeast – that’s when I noticed blinking lights.  I also noticed a plane seem to fly right over it.  (We live near several airports here.)  This is when I decided to run inside and get my video camera.  When I ran back outside, I had trouble spotting it again, but I did manage to catch something on video as it lowered out of sight behind my neighbors rooftop. I have to add - the little bit that the video did pick up did not look the same as what I had seen with the naked eye.  On video, it appeared sporadic and quick, as a silver object, round in shape, seemingly jumping around until it disappeared.  And it’s hard to catch on the video at all unless you go frame by frame.  I’d say the whole “sighting” lasted about 5 minutes from the time I first noticed it to the time I ran outside with my camera and captured a few seconds of it on video.;40.9238;-73.9989
