We saw a dark round fast moving object engulfed by fire/plasma that vanished;2007-09-29 23:10:00;2 seconds;We saw a dark round fast moving object engulfed by fire/plasma that vanished As we were checking out stars and constellations, we witnessed a round dark object streaking across the night sky at a very high rate of speed. It was visible only because of the fireball/plasma that fully engulfed it, and it's lines were not vague, but distinct.  In the front (foward section based on direction of travel), the plasma was sparse, heavier on the sides, and formed a tail in the rear that was approx. 50% of the size of the object itself. The object was travelling south to north (approx.). As the object entered our field of vision, it disappeared completely without changing any direction or speed.  The sky was not clear, but contained light, sparse cloud cover that I believe helped us to see it better.  Altitude is unknown, but it was either under/in the clouds, or very bright/ burning through from above the clouds.;38.8875;-84.6327999999999
Busy night in the sky above northern KY;2007-10-06 21:15:00;1 hour plus;Busy night in the sky above northern KY We pulled in the drive and my wife and daughter got out while my son and I finished his movie, about ten minutes. When we got out my wife was lying back on the steps and I asked if she feel asleep. She said know those stars are moving here, here and here. I looked up in the southwest sky but almost directly overhead and sure enough whatever it was was moving. But not real fast. It hovered then moved with purposes toward a nearby light. First a light would bean out it followed and left a small light trail. There were three main stars with two or three around them in the sky, but the middle one was the brightest and most active so we focused on it. We went inside and got our binaculars and telescope. The binaculars gave us a look at everything going on but like from a distance. Details couldn't be made out. But it was hard to stay focused because it kept moving. The telescope was almost useless. It was almost too loe for it, but one time I got a good look at it. It was round with a flat gray surface. After an hour we came in with sore necks and tired kids but as I type this it is still going on. I didn't know where or who to report this to, so I googled and found this site.;38.8875;-84.6327999999999
