Object seen over Harrington, WA on June 13, 2008;2008-06-13 23:10:00;45 seconds or so;Object seen over Harrington, WA on June 13, 2008 Friday, June 13, 2008.  At approximately 11:10 PM Pacific Daylight Time, I saw a sub-orbital object traveling in a south to north trajectory. I first saw the object as it came into my peripheral vision as I was looking at the moon which was quite bright. The object passed to what was the east of the moon from my point of view and traveled towards a bright star just to the north of the moon.  It traveled towards a smaller, less brilliant star located just west of, and below the brighter star and continued on this course for a distance that put it in line with another dim star whereupon it began to accelerate very rapidly. It continued to accelerate, and passed between the inner star of the handle of the big dipper, and the bottom star that forms’ the corner star of the bottom of the cup of the big dipper. As it passed through the intersection of the stars in the big dipper it accelerated fast enough that I lost sight of it.  It was of a consistent size, speed and course trajectory before it accelerated and I lost sight of it. From the time I first saw it to the time I lost sight of it was approximately 45 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  This witness is well known to NUFORC.  He has over four decades experience in aviation, and considerable experience in the military.  A highly qualified witness, in our opinion.  PD));47.4564;-118.2729
	Two of my acquaintances were on their way back into Harrington from a trip we were on. I at this point was in another vehicle then the;2014-07-05 00:12:00;35 minutes;	Two of my acquaintances were on their way back into Harrington from a trip we were on.  I at this point was in another vehicle then the people that I mentioned before.  We were several miles behind them, so they beat us into town.  They turned around and we met in our cars on the main stretch into Harrington.  As we pulled up next to them they were telling us they saw a UFO a few miles back on highway 28. 	As we went back on highway 28 towards Davenport to see for ourselves we turned off onto the beginning of Scott road just barely out of Harrington.  Off to the southwest we saw a yellow light in the sky which appeared to me to be a circle at the time.  It was definitely not a farm light because of its great height in reference to the hills.   As we sat there staring at the light we saw, without warning, it expanded in size by a massive amount in under three seconds.  We couldn't accurately tell how large it was since we had not point of reference to base it upon.  The mood was frantic as everyone was trying to figure out what this possibly could have been.  Could it have been a firework?  No it couldn't as it was a solid color and last there for nearly twenty seconds in the sky.  Was it a lunar eclipse that was momentarily obscured from cloud coverage.  No there was no eclipse that night.  And then the light started to shrink very slowly.    We headed onto the Odessa highway to see if w! e could get a better look, but the hills were obscuring our view on both sides.  We couldn't see it at all now. We called in a night at that point and headed home. 	One thing I know for sure is that I will never forget the experience I had.  I wasn't what you would call a skeptic on Alien vessels or other unexplained spacial phenomena.   I can't tell for certain what exactly it was that saw, but I am definitely more open minded about the talk of alien craft now. 	 ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and we consider him to be highly reliable.  He is well known to us, as is one of the other witnesses.  PD));47.4564;-118.2729
Very slow moving object in night sky.;2017-02-02 01:35:00;20 minutes;very slow moving object in night sky On February 2, 2017, I saw a lighted object moving through the sky straight north.  It was moving very slowly, at a low altitude.  It was 1:35 am when I spotted this through the window.  I watched this for about 10 minutes in the house. I stepped outside to continue watching.  It seemed to be about 2000 feet above the buildings. I didn’t hear any engine noise or any noise of any kind, no running noise.  There were blinking red and green lights on opposite corners of the object.  It did not appear to be an airplane, helicopter, etc. We live in an area where there are frequent airplanes, helicopters, life bird flights at various times of day.  The object I saw did not seem to be any of that.  What I saw seemed to be egg-shaped or oblong, about 30 to 35 feet across both ways. ((NUFORC Note:  The source of this report is well known to us, and we hold him in very high regard.  We strongly suspect that the event is described quite accurately in this report.  PD));47.4564;-118.2729
