Very slow moving huge black triangle shaped object, no sound, crosses in front of me.;2000-09-15 02:30:00;15 minutes;Very slow moving huge black triangle shaped object, no sound, crosses in front of me. It was sometime in August 2000.  I am a drummer and had just packed up my gear and was heading home.  We had played at a place called ‘Rosie’s’ in Harrington.  I lived in Wilbur Washington. I have not drank nor done drugs since May 28th, 1998.  I have a full time day job, music is my hobby. It was about 2:30am and I was traveling toward Hiway 20 ((sic.  Route 2)) on a back road from Harrington that comes out by the power transformer station (I guess that’s what it is) onto Hiway 20 west of the Davenport Refuse Transfer Station.  I think the back road is called Rocklyn Road. I was in my Ford van which had a big windshield.  I glanced out the driver side window and noticed a huge jet black triangle shaped object outlined against the clear night sky.  It had one small red light in the very center.  This red light did not blink.  This object was moving very slow towards Spokane, Washington.  I pulled over to get a better look.  Even though it was dark out, I could distinctly see this object.  It was huge.  About 300 feet long, maybe 200 feet across the back.  The sides went straight up about 40 feet.  I rolled down my window (I did not get out of the van because I was pretty freaked out by now) and it made absolutely no sound.  I sat and watched as it slowly passed in front of my van.  It was about 200-300 feet off the ground.  It took about 15 minutes to pass in front of me if that tells you how slow it was moving. As it passed my van I saw 5 very big square lights across the back of it.  They spanned the full width across the back as well as went almost from the top to bottom of the object.  I am absolutely sure there were five lights because there was a dark line between each of them.  These lights were intensely bright.  Even though they were bright, they didn’t seem to give off light outside the object itself.  They didn’t seem to light anything up.  I thought to myself, Llights that bright should throw some light onto the ground,  but they didn’t.   I watched as it silently disappeared from my view.  My heart was pounding and I was scared to death.  The next day I told some friends.  They immediately told me I was seeing things.  I know what I saw.  I have no reason to make up story like this.  I don’t care if anybody believes me or not.  I know what I saw.  I will never forget it.  I was going to send this report in several years ago, but could never get myself to push the send button.  Seeing  that you are now located at Davenport, I thought if nothing else you should know. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hi Peter.   It's hard to pinpoint where I actually was that night because of the darkness.  I was probably 5-6 miles out of Harrington heading toward hiway 20.  ((sic.  Route 2))   I know I had passed where there is a Y in the road.   For the life of me I can't remember how long it was untill I came upon one of the old farm houses after I watched it.  Like I said I was very freaked out by then.  We usually played every other weekend at Rosies.  We always played the first and third weekend of the month.  My best guess would be August 19, 2000.  Rosies has closed since then but I could talk to to the other band members and see if they remember the exact date.   I kept running it through my mind the rest of the way home and do not remember much of the surroundings after that.  I kept asking myself things like could it have been a helecopter?  Then I would remind myself just how big this thing was and how it made no noise.  So then I thought maybe a balloon.  Again, it was so big and so quiet with absolutely no blinking warning lights, just the small red light on the bottom in the center.  I ruled out balloon.  Maybe a big plane from fairchild?  It would have fallen out of the sky it was moving so slow.    I have always had this missconception that UFO's were round, saucer shaped objects.  That UFO's darted about then hovered, then darted about some more.  This did not fit that category at all. In my wildest dreams I would never have thought of them as being triangle shaped.  I always thought of them as being lit up with multicolored lights.  Again, only the small red light and the 5 sqaure lights across the back.  This object was totally black.  No lights on the sides.  I thought they would make humming or whirring sounds.  There was complete silence.   I kept questioning myself about the 5 lights across the back.  They did not fit the norm for lights that bright.  If you were to look at 2 bright headlights that are 2-3 feet apart, you would see two distinct bright points of light.  The light from those two headlights would join at a distance and you would probably not be able to see a distinct gap between them unless you were standing right next to them. From a distance they would blend together.  The gaps between the 5 bright lights on this object were very distinct.  Even at a distance.  The light formed definite edges that were perfectly straight.  I mentioned in my letter to you that they were square.  Actually they were more rectangular.  Taller than they were wide.   I am 51 years old and have never in my life seen anything that even remotely resembled what I saw that night.  It defied all logic.  The only thing that could move that slow and stay in the air would be a balloon.  This was not a balloon.  I can not tell you exactly how big it was because I had no reference points.  In the darkness I could not see buildings or trees, just the outline of the hills.  I can tell you that my Ford Van was a 1989 E250 Custom van.  It had a big front windshield and that at one point this object completely filled it.  This object was probably 400-600 feet directly in front of me and 200-300 feet off the ground at that moment.  It was very, very big.   This expierience has changed the way I think. I don't take things for granted anymore.  I don't believe that just because the Theory of Relativity states we can not travel  faster than the speed of light, we can't travel faster the speed of light.  I am full of What If's and Why's  What if we simply do not have a calculation that would prove that theory wrong?  What if a life form millions of years older than ourselves had the capability to travel through space at speeds we can't begin to imagine?  Only 500 years ago people would have said you were crazy to think it possible to talk to someone  5000 miles away instantly in real time.  Why do scientist's and engineers continue to develop ways to travel faster if it's not possible to travel faster than the speed of light?  Even at the speed of light things are simply so far away it would do us no good.  I believe they are hoping the Theory of Reletivity is also wrong. The universe is huge. Just because we can't do it, does not mean another  much older inteligent life form can't.    As humans I believe now that we are self centered and very, very small in the grand scheme of things. I believe that we have conditioned ourselves to think if we can't do it, it can't be done.  I believe if we can imagine it, eventually it will be done.  I also believe something, a life form or entity, whatever, just beat us to it.   As I stated, I don't care if anybody believes me.  I know what I saw and nobady will ever convince me otherwise.  I know in my heart that the object I saw that night, was NOT from this planet.  As for my credibility... take a drive to Wilbur, go into Sandy's family foods.  I worked there 10 years as a shift supervisor, ask them.  Everybody in Wilbur knows me.  I am not a publicity seeker and have nothing to gain by making up a story such as this.  I have palyed music proffesionally for over 30 years and have had all the publicity a person would ever want.  My wife and I are very private people, almost to point of being hermits.  I just wanted you to know what I had seen in your area.  I will draw you a picture of what I saw if you would like and attach it to an email.   ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this witness, and he has appeared on the Jeff Rense Radio Program, to tell his story.  The witness seems to us to be a quite sober-minded individual, and we find his description of the event to be quite convincing.  PD));47.4564;-118.2729
