Two military jets chasing illumnated object over Wisconsin.;1993-09-23 00:30:00;2 minutes;Two military jets chasing illumnated object over Wisconsin I live on a dead end private lake road.  Across the road, from my cottage, is a well treed woods .  My brother came over to talk about mothers estate after I had gotten out of work late .  After talking for a few hours , I walked my brother out to his car parked in my driveway .  The conversation continued out at the driveway for a while and was interrupted by the sound of a jet.  My brother, whom knows more about aircraft than I do, said it sounded more like two jets and that they were military.  I moved back towards the cottage to get a better field of view and witnessed an illuminated object being chased by two military jets . I called my brother over to the spot in witch I was at to see what I was seeing .  When he got there he thought that the jets were F-16s , and that they had their after burners on.  The object was elevating and taking a zig zag pattern.  Every time the object would make a radius turn , the jets would take an intercept angle .  The object seemed to be a bit faster than the jets and seemed to me that it was checking their capabilities.  After three or four turns , my brother , told me that the jets were at their max ceiling and that they would have to stop elevating .  About twenty to thirty seconds later , the two jets , turned off their after burners and turned 180 degrees as we watched the illuminated object fly straight out of the atmosphere and disappear into the stars.  From what I could tell , the craft was disk shaped and illuminated , and from what my brother and I could tell , it was about twice the size of one jet .  We also could not tell exactly how far from us this had occurred, it could have been two miles or several. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));44.0061070901039;-88.5476307237812
Glowing orange flying saucer above UW Oshkosh seen;2000-09-28 21:00:00;10 seconds;Glowing orange flying saucer above UW Oshkosh seen I wanted some fresh air to clear my head, I'm up on the UW Oshkosh campus. I was in Donner Hall. Outside the window was a parking lot and to the left of that was a grass and a bench under a tree. I went outside and layed down on the bench so my feets were towards the building. It was nice. I was staring up through the tree branches (no leaves). From my view an orange clowing like thing came from the left. I saw it and fallowed it through the tree branches wondering what it was. It came out into the clear and it looked like a saucer, just like I see in the movies sort of and it was glowing orange, but it was clear enough to make out and see little ovals that might've been windows. It was a saucer bottom and a little hump in the middle (the way people say they usually look). There was only one and I was the only one that saw this I'm pretty sure. Suddenly as t continued going it did a spiral manuver (flying in a spiral) and disappeared from my sight behind the building (I don't mean it landed). It took me a few minutes to finally realize what I saw. But I DID see it. I told my now ex-girlfriend and my........about it. My girlffriend believed me of course (they believe you all the time), but my......didn't quite believe me. I had some exams that week and I'm attention starved and stuff like that. He tried to convince me that those were the reasons I saw what I saw. In the first place, I wasn't stressed at all. I had a lot on my mind and I did not do this for attention. No way. I can't be 100% sure of what I saw, but I god a damn good look and I saw and didn't imagine it. You don't imagine a glowing orange thing flying over you in the shape of a UFO. I didn't see any scifi movies or anything. It came out of the blue and wasn't even thinking of anythig realated. Sorry this is a late report, but better late than never. I feel kind of special that I saw a UFO.;44.0061070901039;-88.5476307237812
Black disk,changing course,going straight up very fast for half a second and continuing on its course.;2001-07-21 13:45:00;1 minute;Black disk,changing course,going straight up very fast for half a second and continuing on its course. I just stepped out my front door which faces east and looked up. There were white cumulus clouds floating across the sky and it was mostly overcast and hazy. Just to my left,coming from the northwest,was a black disc. It was clearly visible against the white clouds. I looked very close and it had no wings,no markings of any kind. It made no sound. It turned and moved straight to the south. When it was directly in front of me to the east it went straight up in the air about 500 ft. That is just an estimation. Then it continued south but was gaining a little altitite as it went. I watched it untill it was out of sight. I called my son outside and he also observed the craft for about half a minute. I can't estimate how high it was but it was under the cloud cover and was easy to see because of it's black color. I observed it about one minute and my son for about half that time. It was moving fairly fast but not extremely fast. Faster than a jet would go across the sky.;44.0061070901039;-88.5476307237812
7 white, saucer shapes flying in v formation on live TV in Oshkosh, WI;2004-08-20 14:59:00;3-4 sec;7 white, saucer shapes flying in v formation on live TV in Oshkosh, WI I actually viewed this on a live, breaking news broadcast on the local NBC news affiliate, WTMJ4 here in Milwaukee. There was a breaking news story on the 4:30 report, there had been an accident on I41 just outside of Oshkosh and they had live footage from a helicopter. I happened to look at the clock it was 4:58 then turned 4:59, I was watching the footage and noticed 7 silver/white on the top, and dark on the bottom, saucer/oval shaped objects fly in a v formation accross the bottom of the screen, I have Tevo so I pressed record, because what I saw shocked me.  I told my husband whom I was on the phone with at that time what I had seen, and he just laughed a little.  Later that evening when we viewed the recording we were totally amazed and a little freaked out.  These objects were absoutly NOT birds or anything else like that.  We watched it for almost 45 minuted, rewinding it, in slow-motion, freeze frame, frame by frame, we tried to analize it but still could not begin to explain it. They flew in a v formation and at one point it almost looks as if one of them get too close to another and sort of bounces off of the other, and at times you can see the formation adjusting.  You can plainly see that they are in between the helicopter and traffic that was backed up from the accident on the ground.  You can also tell that they are traveling over at least 75 mph, because they are going faster that the traffic on the highway below.  I have the footage but I am not sure how to record it so I can email it.  I suppose I could get a DVR and hook it up to our TV then record it that way.  I actually, video taped (with our video camera)the TV so I could show my parents what we saw.  I also contacted WTMJ4 via email but have yet to hear back.  I suppose you could get file tape from that day???  Anyway, we are totally amazed and confused, and think you will be too. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and she sounded sober-minded to us.  We have requested still images from the tape.  We do not know what appeared on the screen of the television.  PD));44.0061070901039;-88.5476307237812
White disc against blue sky;2005-07-28 15:00:00;15 minutes;White disc against blue sky Myself and my step-son were outside painting my house when I was observing a jet airliner going across the sky from west to east. I then spotted a white disk crossing the path of the jet contrail after the jet had passed the object. The white disc was in the southern sky moving to the north. It was moving slowly so I went just inside the house and got two binoculars so we could observe this object. The sky was mostly clear with only a few white clouds. The object could be seen very easily since it was reflecting sunlight. It was very high in the sky but looked like a white disk through the binoculars. We could see the shape of the wings on the jet but not on the disk. It moved slowly north to almost directly over us and then stopped and remained stationary for about five minutes as we observed it. It then looked to be getting smaller like it was climbing straight up and eventually vanished from our view;44.0061070901039;-88.5476307237812
Object hovered for a few seconds, and then disappeared in to Lake Winnebago.;2007-09-15 14:00:00;few seconds;Object hovered for a few seconds, and then disappeared in to Lake Winnebago. My brother-in-law took this series of pictures on Lake Winnebago, attempting to photograph a rainbow. He said an object appeared in the sky, and hovered for a few seconds. Then it let out a puff of dark smoke and splashed in to the water directly below. It floated for a few more seconds, let out the large plume of smoke and three chunks of debri, (pictured in the third and final photo), and then disappeared under the water. I would like to submit copies of the photos. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));44.0061070901039;-88.5476307237812
