Same Triangular Shape Seen Back in 1983.;1983-04-23 08:30:00;15 minutes;Same Triangular Shape Seen Back in 1983. Just wanted to let all those who have reported a triangular shaped sighting in May and I noticed two of them mentioned were close to my area -Oshkosh ...that being Mosinee, WI and Holland MI that back in 1983, myself and my two daughters pulled over to see the same triangular craft, hovering just above the trees. It made no sound and took off at a right abrupt angle and soared back up into the sky. Two weeks later, we went back and the trees/vegetation area was all defoliated and it took about 6 years life to come back to that what seemed to be the take off point. It was so close that I didn't want to drive under it...Something just made me stay put in our car. My girls to this day never forgot what we saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));44.0061070901039;-88.5476307237812
Triangular Object in 1983 exactly like one reported here May 2003 from Kirkland, WA;1983-04-23 20:30:00;10 minutes;Triangular Object in 1983 exactly like one reported here May 2003 from Kirkland, WA I am responding as I read a reported sighting posted here (May 2003) that a triangular shaped object was reported in Kirkland, WA in Feb. of 2003. This person's description is exactly what we saw.  I was driving home with my two daughters and first I noticed what appeared to be two close aircraft flying quite high together and a high speed. My daughter, who was in the front seat, then noticed that after they crossed the sky (coming from east and moving west) all of a sudden turned around (in perfect formation) and came right back what seemed to be toward us. I was curious, and didn't want to continue driving on the highway, so pulled over into a school parking lot just off the highway. The object was just above the tree line and that was when I saw the outer shape of it, we then realized it was one object and those two bright lights were on each end and an amber light in the center front point and the huge size (I went back in the daytime with a friend the next day just to figure out just how big this shape was) and it was the whole length of the parking lot plus almost the length of the school building...so maybe 200'??. There was just enough light to see this shape of a long V or triangle shape. My girls were quite upset, one in the back kept saying she didn't want to die and I didn't want to drive under it as the exit was underneath what seemed to be the front of it. It had the light arrangement similar to the Washington state one and my observed object did stop and hover just above the treeline in front of my car. It too did on/off of lights especially in the center edge closest to us. Those lights were colored like the old computer screen green and I got the feeling as they were pulsating back and forth that it was taking pictures of us. It then abruptly made a right angle turn and departed south and accelerated up at a very rapid speed with absolutely no sound. About two weeks I went back again and noticed all the trees in the path of its departure were defoliated. To this day, they are dead still. My girls were in denial and didn't want me to go blabbing all around about it...and only a year later on the Today show was there a sighting in New York that around 400 people saw/called in and an artist drawing of the description was on TV and it looked exactly what we saw. My younger daughter finally after seeing that on TV opened up and we started talking about it again. I have never forgotten this incident (It is my second sighting...other one was back in 1960 in broad daylight and others saw it (people eating at a Sandy's drivein)...but it was a small metallic disk with something rotating and hovered just above the telephone in my back yard. I was out working in a tomato patch and again I had a feeling of pictures being taken and then it just moved vertically up at an incredible speed and disappeared. (amongst all the gaping people chomping on their hamburgers)...so I continue to search the skies, read other people's sightings and feel some comfort that my triangular object has been seen by others. Fortunately, we did not have any missing time or strange marks on us....just my mental imprint that other things are out there. I am a passenger in a Cessna 170 and many times we have flown over the area....at night there is a striking strobe light acorss Lake Winnebago...maybe the triangular craft was honing in on that or mapping in picture form of the area??. I just can't imagine it singling out our car to play light games with.;44.0061070901039;-88.5476307237812
Black Triangle with white lights on each corner and a darker black triangle inset.;1995-06-15 23:00:00;15-20 seconds;Black Triangle with white lights on each corner and a darker black triangle inset I have never told anyone about this outside my family and close friends.  I apologize if this report is too old.  It happened in the summer of 1995 when I was 11 years old.  It’s been awhile, but I can remember every detail vividly and for the past 23 years, every time I go outside at night this moment crosses my mind. One night in the early summer of 1995 my parents, niece and I were driving home around 10-11pm from night fishing on the Fox River in Oshkosh, Wisconsin.  My mother, niece and I were in a separate car from my dad who did not see the UFO.  We were driving South on Ohio St (Oshkosh, WI) right after passing the intersection of Ohio St. and 18th St..  My Mom and I both noticed at the same time a dark triangular object above and to our left out the front window of the car.  It was moving at this time East to West and was crossing the street above us just above the tree tops. The craft was a perfect triangle, maybe 2-3 times the size of our car (90’s Buick Lasabre), or about the width of the two lane street. It was black or very dark gray with steady white lights on each corner of the triangle. It also had an inner triangle centered on the craft that was darker than the rest of the craft. Our windows were rolled down and the craft was completely silent. When the object passed over the street it turned south (now on the west side of Ohio St.) and flew parallel to our car for approximately 1/3 of a city block going slightly faster than us. We were traveling at this time only approximately 15 mph. If I had to guess I would say the craft was traveling 25-30mph. The object was getting ahead of us, still on the west side of the street. It went behind some trees and we lost sight of it. We sped up and when we got to the clearing around the intersection of 19th St. and Ohio St. the object was gone. We lived very close to the sighting location. When we got home we all sat down and drew pictures of what we saw. My niece, who was only 6 or 7 was very upset and crying but was able to draw the exact thing my mom and I did. About a half hour after the sighting we could hear loud military jets flying around very high up. We all went outside and watched for awhile as the jets circled the entire night sky. It was an absolute incredible experience that has been ingrained in my mind since childhood, and to this day I cannot go outside at night without looking up at the sky. ** I will email a computer drawing I made off of my memory and the original drawing I made in 1995.  I will also include a map of the UFO’s path.  The title of the email will be 1995 Oshkosh WI UFO.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));44.0061070901039;-88.5476307237812
