Driving through the craft!!!;2019-05-02 23:00:00;8 minutes;Driving through the craft!!! I was traveling south on highway 102 on my way to Fertile, Minnesota.  As soon as I came the intersection to turn to highway 41.  I seen a object in the distance in the middle the highway about seven miles from me.  The object had two bright orb style lights that were very large.  As I approached the object the top of it started changing colors kind of like a jellyfish.   I then started to get very close to the object and realized the light did not make any reflection so irridescent.  Then preceded to drive under the object at about 30 mph.  As I passed under it I could see the outline of mass of the craft.  This was a very large ufo that did not make any noise which was very strange too me.  After i passed it on the highway it disapeared.  The next few day was extremely ill and could not hold any food down.  These resulted in me loosing 12 pounds.;47.5352;-96.2888
On my way home from work on a clear night In the end of March. The road I travel is straight , s curve, then straight again for about 8;2019-05-28 22:50:00;8 minutes;On my way home from work on a clear night In the end of March.  The road I travel is straight , s curve, then straight again for about 8 miles before another s curve then straight four about for miles to town.  I had just went around the first s curve and was getting into the straight part of the road, when I noticed tail lights in front of me.  Thinking nothing of it I watch as they went around the s curve about seven miles ahead of me.  As soon as the tail lights were out of sight two bright lights “ clicked” on in the sky about where the turn was.  I remember thinking that’s weird I don’t remember seeing a plane.  It was odd enough I kept an eye on it as I was driving.  After about a mile or so I thought ‘ why isn’t it blinking like a plane’?  My next thought was maybe it was a helicopter with spot lights.  After about four- five miles of watching this thing I began to get creeped out because it wasn’t moving.  At about two miles I realized I wasn’t looking at a helicopter, but a U.F.O. . The object looked like a pair of glasses in the way that it was two orbs connected and overlapped by a bar of light.  The whole thing I could see was uniform in color.  The tips of the wings were about to the far sides of the ditches with orbs being roughly the size of the lanes on the roads.  If I had to guess how think it was I would say  12-15 feet across the orbs.  The object was about 300-400 hundred feet above the road.  At this point I was freaking out and grabbed a weapon (unsure what effect it might have had) from my back seat.  Now less then a mile away and having to drive under It not though it, it started to pulse a very light pink color just on the iner sides of the orbs.  Now I was about to go under i looked up a saw no real “parts” just a black void behind the white orbs and bar. I was able the see it had a triangle shape to it. A couple of observations I made were that it didn’t reflect light off the ground or my truck and it didn’t seem to make any noise as I was gong under it.  Now under it I opened my sunroof and the object was gone!  After that I went home had a beer n went to bed. The next morning I woke up feeling a bit sick so drove into work early.  On my way to work I received a text from my wife.  This is extra weird.  She was apologizing for the rough sleep due to her dreams.  No kidding.  Her message was along the lines of “ I was dreaming we were in a camper driving and aliens were fighting in the sky around us!  I had to pull over and read the message again.  Now not wanting to put any ideas in her head about what I saw I told her I seen something weird last night.  At work I made it a half hour and was sicker the shit so had to leave.  Once my wife came home from work I asked her to describe what she saw in her dream.  What she described was two triangle shaped crafts the had dislodged their orbs to fight each other.  ((obscenity removed));47.5352;-96.2888
