3 Glowing Yellow, Medium Large Trucks Have no visible Wheels, Painfully Bright Lights all over surface;2014-08-07 03:00:00;3 minutes;3 Glowing Yellow, Medium Large Trucks.  Have no visible Wheels,  Painfully Bright Lights all over surface Witness awoke in bed due to strange noise outdoors.  Looking to road, saw a truck with lights on the front, lights on the back, lights on the top.  Object had lights all over the surface.  Witness said some lights were white, some lights were orange, some were yellow. Looking at surface of object, on the side witness could see, it had at least 14 lights visible on that side of the object.  Lights about same size as car headlights, or somewhat smaller.  Light intensity was so bright that it hurt witness's eyes to see it.  Object made a swishing sound.   Witness could not see any wheels.  Entire surface of object glowed because of the light intensity.  Witness could not say if the light was emanating from inside of object.  Object appeared to travel on road surface.  Witness thought this was a service vehicle, by which witness meant that it was probably military.  Object was moving on road at about 25 or 30 mph.  Distance from witness about 100 feet.   After this object passed by, the road was dark again but witness could hear the same sound approaching again from same direction as before.  Watching, witness saw identical object moving along the road, same speed, same description, same color etc. (Color described as bright yellow glowing.)  Brightness still so intense it hurt witness's eyes.   Another witness was not able to awaken in time to see the objects.  Same thing occurred object passed, with weird swishing sound.  Witness did not think this was a streetsweeper but again, a service vehicle, by which the witness meant military, and secret.  There are some things we are not supposed to know, witness said.   After this second object passed, the road was briefly dark again, and another identical object came by.  (Three objects total sighted.)  Witness could not understand why a road vehicle would be covered, absolutely covered with such powerful lights.  Some light emanated from underneath the object also.  No wheels were noticed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.6117;-68.2403
