enormous rectangular extremely low-flying silent craft with visible panels moving at est. 30mph;2001-09-20 23:00:00;60 seconds;enormous rectangular extremely low-flying silent craft with visible panels moving at est. 30mph I am a 33-year-old recent graduate of the UNC-CH School of Journalism and Mass Communication.  For three consecutive years, in the late 1990s/early 2000s, I worked the fall cranberry harvest at the Oceanspray fruit-receiving plant in Middleboro, MA, in the Cape Cod region.  The plant is in a remote area amongst historic cranberry bogs.  In late September of 2001, I was working through a second shift break on the outside of the large facility. I never talked about this with anyone at the plant, but it is likely that I was the only person working outside at that time. I looked up to see a craft passing over the factory. Briefly, I thought it might be a stealth airplane or some military craft related to 9/11. However, there were details of my sighting that make the craft I witnessed irreconcilable with known crafts of human origin. It was so low and large that it filled the sky to all horizons/tree lines(the factory was surrounded by pine forest). It was completel! y silent, and this was disorienting. It kept going and going and going. The bottom of the craft did look like something humans could make. There were panels, and it bore a slight resemblance to the bottom of the millennium falcon/starship enterprise. The colors were dark like a stealth bomber and it had the same smooth flat texture. I saw one red light on the end of a stem-like apparatus descending from the craft. It took about 60 seconds from the time I became aware of the object passing overhead to when it disappeared behind the tree line north of the plant. Generally, I would say that its shape was rectangular. More specifically, I would describe its shape as two large rectangular shapes joined in the middle but slightly offset, each the size of an extra-large football stadium. However, the size is difficult to estimate because it was a disorienting experience, but I would guess that it was 400 yards long and 300 yards wide. I couldn't determine any depth or height. That! is not to say that it was flat, but its width and length were! of a much larger scale then its height. I estimate that its speed was 30mph. When it happened, I said to myself that I was going to keep this to myself and that it was my special weird moment. I don't know why I had this psychological reaction. It was somewhat traumatic, and the memory came back to me a time after the event. I can't explain this, but I did feel that the craft was affecting my brain/thought process in some way that encouraged my disbelief. Was the craft silent or is there a superior technology that can make crafts inaudible to our brains etc.? I didn't tell this story to anyone until this thanksgiving and I am going to try and track down people from my shift at the plant at that time. Subjective speculations I have now about what it might have been are: secret human technology cargo ship, alien ship, alien slave ship. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));41.8879;-70.8887
