UFO's seen in Middleboro Massachusetts;2006-03-16 20:00:00;20 minutes;UFO's seen in Middleboro Massachusetts Side Notes Befor Detail: The reason it took a day longer to report is because I checked with the state of Massachusetts to see if any objects over Middleboro are known. They had said that they didn't know of any military planes flying over Middleboro last night.  Details: I was on my computer until I heard some loud noises outside. When I looked out of my window, I seen the triangular shape aircraft fly over my house. When I couldn't see the lights from that, another aircraft of the same kind went by my house. It kept on going until a few more came by at the same time, there was two or three this time and lined up, then kept on driving and broke the line then disappeared from my eye sight. I believe these were UFO's. I said there was on witness and that is me. But I talked to some people today and they said they seen the same thing. The hovercrafts looked like a triangle, with steadt lights at the bottom. I will draw it out on the e-mail I send you. I have seen air-planes at night before, but I know this wasn't an air plane because this looked a lot different then an airplane. The UFO's were flying low and much lower than normal air traffic. Anyways, Air Traffic does not come by this low and this frequent. After 20 minutes, this calmed down and got back to normal.  I am only a student at school. I am not going to give my last name for safethy reasons, but yes, I would like to be contacted by e-mail if that is possible.;41.8879;-70.8887
Strange Very Slow Moving Red/White V Shape Vertical Triangle Balloon Spheres;2007-07-15 14:30:00;25 min;Strange Very Slow Moving Red/White V Shape Vertical Triangle Balloon Spheres I and a Friend were reroofing my house on a rather hot mid-summer day and as we were taking a break  I happened to look up facing east and I saw this object which had just passed our zenith a few seconds before,  It was traveling rather slowly also due east. The only way I can discribe this object was that it was made up of 10 spheres all grouped together in a triangle shape 4 at the top then 3 then 2 and one at the very bottom with a trailing cable off of the bottom sphere and a small white box at the very end of the trailing cable.  The spheres were all half white and red in color, and I then climbed down asap and grabbed my 70mm binoculars from my room as my friend tracked it. We both took turns looking at this object up close as it slowly gained altitude and slowly went out of sight due to haze and it's distance. Now I know that this object to me sounds like maybe it could have been a civilian or military weather balloon and radiosond but there are no military bases near my local and the nearest weather radar station is 25 miles away to the north.  It's altitude was only between 700-1000 feet as it passed very slowly above my home. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date in July 2007 is approximate.  PD));41.8879;-70.8887
Let me start off by saying that I work in a very famous well known area of Massachusetts that has always been known for it's paranormal;2015-12-20 23:10:00;5 seconds;Let me start off by saying that I work in a very famous well known area of Massachusetts that has always been known for it's paranormal activity where movies have even been made based on certain ufo sighting events as well as movies related to paranormal activity.   During my overnight shift when I walked outside for a smoke break I looked up into the sky and first off noticed how clear it was and how many stars were actually visible. Immediately after having that thought and looking directly above me,  all of a sudden out of nowhere without warning,a triangle shaped object traveling at a VERY VERY LOW altitude with 5 softly glowing lights round in shape on its underside shock was traveling from EAST to West flew directly overhead faster than any plane a fighter jet I have ever seen with my own eyes in my entire life.  The object made absolutely no sound and seemed to have a light bluish color glow around the object with what I can only describe as a blurry trail l left behind in the objects path of travel.  The entire event only lasted approximately 3-5 seconds before the object was out of sight, but that was all it took to literally leave a fear in me that has truthfully kept me from going back outside.  Within minutes of seeing this I not only heard but could see planes and possibly a  chopper flying in the same direction I observed the object traveling towards.;41.8879;-70.8887
Very Bright Lights in the Sky Near Middleboro, MA;2019-07-30 03:00:00;1+ hours;Very Bright Lights in the Sky Near Middleboro, MA Woke up at 3 a.m. and when I looked out my bedroom window, I saw what I thought was an airplane.  When I realized it was not moving, I stared at it for a time to try to determine what it was.  The object was distant, but not so distant that I could not see a little detail.  It had bright lights, seemed to be pulsating, and moved almost imperceptibly from left to right.  The lights appeared to be in a triangular shape.  At one point, an extremely bright, perfectly vertical, thin beam of light appeared next to it (think of a flashbulb, but quicker).  This happened twice.  This thing remained in the sky, in the same spot, for over an hour.;41.8879;-70.8887
Very bright lights in the sky that hovered in place for over an hour;2019-07-30 03:00:00;1+ hours;Very bright lights in the sky that hovered in place for over an hour Woke up at 3 a.m., and decided to go downstairs.  I rolled over, put my glasses on, and I saw bright lights that I thought was a plane.  I thought it was odd to see a plane on the flight path to Logan Airport at that hour.   Then I realized the lights were not moving, and noticed the lights were sort of shimmering and blinking (mostly white with what appeared to be only one red light).  I kept staring at it thinking maybe it was a planet or a star, but this was no planet or star since I could see individual lights.  It seemed to be moving to the left then to the right only a tiny bit, and seemed to be rotating.  Then to the left of it, there was a very, very bright flash that lasted for less than a second.  Then the same thing happened to the right of it.   Laid there still awake for about a half hour, then looked out the window again. It was still there--not moving, but blinking and shimmering.  Around 4:45, it was further away. The flashes were more like thin beams of extremely bright white light that travelled in perfectly straight vertical lines.  They appeared in a flash, in a nanosecond—and these flashes were blinding.  I cannot imagine I was the only person who saw this.;41.8879;-70.8887
