bright orange object moving across horizon.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible contrail??  PD));2006-05-11 20:25:00;5 min;bright orange object moving across horizon at 8:25 pm on 5/11, my wife and i were going to a local store in folsom ,ca. my wife noticed a long glowing yellow-orange slitlooking or line/disk looking object  towards the west during sunset moving across the horizon heading south. while driving, it appeared to be still. we pulled over and got out of the car to get a better look. it was definitly moving. we watched it for a few minutes, trying to figure out what it was, when it suddenly vanished completely.  im not sure where this object was located exactly, maybe over the bay area or ocean. it was pretty far away. if anyone else seen this or has any information on what it might have been, please let us know!!!! ((NUFORC Note:  We wonder whether the witnesses might have been observing a contrail behind a high-altitude aircraft, which was being illuminated in the western sky by the setting Sun.  Just a guess, since we did not see the display.  PD));38.6711989690722;-121.1498
Bright lght  with glowing red lights top and bottom changing speed and direction over Folsom;2010-11-11 01:00:00;10 minutes;Bright lght  with glowing red lights top and bottom changing speed and direction over Folsom Nov 10th 2010  My brother in law and I just got off work at 12:45 a.m. and where on our way home. We take White Rock to Old Placerville road every night.  Like every night I’m on the lookout for strange things in the sky. Last night we came over the hill and I noticed a bright light with a flashing red light and it was moving slowly east coming right at us. It got over the top of us and it started moving north toward Folsom at a high rate of speed.  The top of the craft had a glowing red light as well as the bottom. The middle was lit up with three dull white lights and the middle of the craft was wider so it made it looked saucer shaped.  We headed down east Bidwell following it into Folsom.  It stopped over the housing project where I live and turned and headed east again. We tried to follow it but it eventually flew off and we lost sight of it. When I got home at 1:00a.m., my wife was up waiting for me.  I asked her if she had herd a helicopter or any planes flying over in the last couple of minutes and she said no.  The craft was flying low enough where she would have herd something.;38.6711989690722;-121.1498
Something showed up in old picture;2017-06-18 18:30:00;?;Something showed up in old picture Hi Peter, I'm not sure what to do with this and although I'm a member of MUFON, you've always been my go to guy. My husband and I were coming down hi-way 50 on 6-18-17 returning home to Lincoln, from Tahoe and I had my camera with me.  I like to take shots of cloud formations and we had some clouds rolling through with all the pretty colors.  Not sure what time it was but I'm guessing towards sunset and I believe we were around the Prairie City Rd. exit.  I snapped some pix and decided to look at them later.  The weather was beautiful that day.  A few clouds but no rain in Tahoe or in the valley.  At some point after that I checked them out and they were in my gallery.  All the pix are less than 1 square and I didn't look closely at any of them. Two weeks ago, I was going through the gallery pix, deciding which ones to keep and I came across this one. I did not see this object or whatever it is at the time I took it.  I do remember when I took it because it was my late mother's birthday and if I had seen it at the time, I would have showed it to my husband. I don't know if you remember, but I emailed you or maybe wrote an account of possibly taking a photo of a ufo, it was pink/purple colored football shaped object and I immediately showed my husband and got all excited about it.  I'm not very good at the tech stuff and couldn't figure out how to send you the picture.  Turns out it was something on the window as the next time we went somewhere, I wanted to double check it and the same thing happened so I discarded it.  I also sent in the account dating back to 1960 with my twin brother's experience. I've taken a picture of the picture on my phone, I'm determined if nothing, and that's how I'm able to send it now.  My phone is a Samsung 4G LTE and my camera is a Canon ELPH 350 HS Powershot.  Oh, and my husband is a huge skeptic and when he saw this, he was amazed and told me I needed to send it to someone.  Of course, my first thought was you. I know you are a busy man but when you get the chance could you please take a look and get back to me with any thoughts.  I would really appreciate it. Thanks!;38.6711989690722;-121.1498
