A blue light that looked like a plane shot off at light speed after 1 minute of normal speed.;2011-07-20 01:00:00;2 minutes;A blue light that looked like a plane shot off at light speed after 1 minute of normal speed. My close friend (to this day in 2018) and I were driving from Houston, TX to Austin, TX between 11pm-2am sometime during the 3rd week of July. I merged on TX 71 West from Interstate-10 in Columbus, Texas.  About 20 miles down TX 71 West, I noticed what I thought was an airplane about 30-50k feet up, with blue glowing beacon lights.  Even back then, when I was 18 years old, I knew that no airplane (to my knowledge) had glowing blue lights.  I pointed this out to my friend (also 18 then) and we were watching the light move across the sky like an airplane, as I explained to him for about two minutes how planes don't have blue lights and I wonder if it's military etc it's hard to describe this how I saw it so bare with me.  The light was  moving slowly across the sky like a plane - very normal, then in 1 second it shot off at light speed into the sky - - NOT across the sky into the horizon, I mean in to the clouds directly away from the ground, the way it zipped off, I have and never will see anything like it again. That object zipped away so fast, like a movie, I think about it all the time up to this day, and nobody believes us.  It was not a comet, I see those weekly when I am in Texas.  I investigated all the Texas July 2011 reports and nobody has reported this, even though somebody near Columbus, TX, HAD to have seen it. The only color I saw was blue, and the craft was not close to the ground.  This was at 1am with good visibility.  Whatever this light was, it left the Earth at light speed.  I have personally never seen a UFO, or anything abnormal in the sky aside from this incident when I was 18 back in 2011.  My girlfriend at the time thought I was crazy. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));29.695;-96.5524
