Fast lights in a Zigzag pattern;2007-03-08 22:00:00;45 sec;Fast lights in a Zigzag pattern I sent this in the day after and it was never added. Please take me serious. I am a Petroleum Engineer and would like input on what this was........... I live out in the country on a small ranch. I went out in the backyard around 10:30 PM to take the dogs out, a normal routine prior to going to bed. I usually have a great view of the sky and love to star gaze. Blinking lights on the NW horizon amongst the trees caught my attention. At first I thought it was bright stars in the distance. But I noticed they would disappear while I stood in one place and reappear in another. As I moved to find them they would appear and disappear. I tired of this event and began looking straight up at the brilliant stars hoping for a shooting star when a series of flashing lights appeared in the western sky. At first glance it looked like a plane but as it got closer overhead I began to watch and follow its unusual movements and shape. The object was moving from west to east at a speed that was faster than an airplane, its shape was unrecognizable even though there was a full moon. The object moved in an erratic nearly snakelike formation. Many lights could be seen flashing across its middle girth in a very random, flickering red and white pattern. I couldn’t judge its distance from earth nor its size but I believe it was larger than a plane. Once the object disappeared in to the eastern horizon, I heard the tremendous trailing noise of a jet-liner back to the east where the object first appeared. I noticed a flash of dull white light, similar to a lightning flash, illuminating a cloud in the sky, as the rumbling of the aircraft tried to catch up to the object. Could it have been traveling faster than light? I watched the object for 20-30 seconds and the noise lasted nearly as long.;29.695;-96.5524
Unuaual aircraft flies in snake like formation breaking the sound barrier.;2007-03-08 22:30:00;30-45 sec;Unuaual aircraft flies in snake like formation breaking the sound barrier I live out in the country on a small ranch.  I went out in the backyard around 10:30 PM to take the dogs out, a normal routine prior to going to bed.  I usually have a great view of the sky and love to star gaze.  Blinking lights on the NW horizon amongst the trees caught my attention.  At first I thought it was bright stars in the distance.  But I noticed they would disappear while I stood in one place and reappear in another.  As I moved to find them they would appear and disappear.  I tired of this event and began looking straight up at the brilliant stars hoping for a shooting star when a series of flashing lights appeared in the western sky.  At first glance it looked like a plane but as it got closer overhead I began to watch and follow its unusual movements and shape.  The object was moving from west to east at a speed that was faster than an airplane, its shape was unrecognizable even though there was a full moon.   The object moved in an erratic nearly snakelike formation.  Many lights could be seen flashing across its middle girth in a very random, flickering red and white pattern.  I couldn’t judge its distance from earth nor its size but I believe it was larger than a plane.  Once the object disappeared in to the eastern horizon, I heard the tremendous trailing noise of a jet-liner back to the east where the object first appeared.  I noticed a flash of dull white light, similar to a lightning flash, illuminating a cloud in the sky, as the rumbling of the aircraft tried to catch up to the object.  Could it have been traveling faster than light?  I watched the object for 20-30 seconds and the noise lasted nearly as long.;29.695;-96.5524
