Flashing star, moves in small increments all directions varying speeds. Ascends 45 degree angle in 1 hr. Stops flashing static.;2014-09-23 03:40:00;1 hour;Flashing star, moves in small increments all directions varying speeds. Ascends 45 degree angle in 1 hr. Stops flashing static. Flashing star like object scene from upstairs bedroom window. In the sky.  Moved in sporadic up down, side to side and diagonal directions.  Speed would vary.  I spotted it rising in sky over eucalyptus trees near Cabrillo College.  I suspect it was in the Watsonville area, but don't know.  The flashing star continued to rise in a 45 degree angle ( to the right )  for an hour.  Stopping at times, but always with tiny ricochet movements that seemed random.  At times fast and at times slow. Around 5:00 AM it completely stopped moving and flashing and stayed put.  There were two tiny stars on each side that appeared dim.  Husband woke up and saw the static bright star with two tiny dim stars.  By that time there was no ricochet movement.  I fell asleep.;36.978;-121.894
Fast light in the sky slowed, dimmed, and disappeared as an aircraft approched.;2019-02-05 22:10:00;3-5 minutes;Fast light in the sky slowed, dimmed, and disappeared as an aircraft approched. MY wife (a skeptic) and I were walking the dog a little after 10pm and I was looking up at the stars, as I always do, and I saw a small light in the sky.  I called out the UFO, pointing at it, to my wife.  I always do this with what is obviously planes which amuses her, and I actually did think this was a plane at first.  As usual, I asked her if she saw any blinking (planes have blinking lights), and she watched it ready to tell me she sees it blinking.  This took longer than usual and we both stopped walking.  She said “there, it blinked.  Wait, no it just got dimmer… I don’t like the way it’s moving.”.  This was as the light started moving faster, faster, in my opinion, then most planes move across the sky.  In all this time there was no blinking lights, though the light did get brighter and dimmer.  I noticed some barely seen substance, or objects, falling from the light as it was moving,  It almost looked like dust, but faintly glowing just as it dropped and then stopped glowing.  I told my wife that I thought that was a real one.  And I flashed my flash light at it, not that I thought my light would even reach that far, but immediately after I flashed my light at it, the UFO blinked and then started to fade out as it seemed to rise in the sky.  Looking to the right, I saw that an actual airplane was flying in the general direction the light seemed to be.  As the plane got closer the light faded completely and did not reappear.  My wife still doesn’t want to admit it was an actual UFO, but she has no explanation for this one. - It's not an option below, but I'd prefer to be emailed than called. ((NUFORC Note:  We assume the date of the sighting was February 05th, and have amended the original date.  We will confirm the date with the witness, and repost the report.  PD));36.978;-121.894
