Flying white lights that disappear when you bring attention to it accompanied by humming noise, clicking sounds and driving the dog cr;2014-09-13 22:00:00;5 minutes;Flying white lights that disappear when you bring attention to it accompanied by humming noise, clicking sounds and driving the dog cr Several different flying lights were seen in the sky.  Saw a white ball of light moving rapidly across the sky, just above the tree line.  My daughter pointed it out and it immediately disappeared.  There was another ball of white light higher in the sky moving all around, not just in one direction.  It too disappeared.  Saw a blinking white and red light rapidly flying across the sky and as we pointed it out, it disappeared.    Before these sightings, my dog started maniacally barking at something behind my shed in the backyard.  We could not get her to stop, so my daughter started taking pictures.   Several strange lights appear behind the shed including a circular shaped light and a triangular group of three lights that seemed to move in two different pictures.  It is possible that the circular looking shape is an entity.   We let the dog loose and she ran around the shed and across the yard like she was chasing something.  However, we could not see what she was chasing.  We also heard a strange clicking noise, unlike any night insect or animal we have ever heard.  It sounded like the clicks were communicating from two different sides of my yard.  We also heard a humming noise, like the engine of an aircraft hovering.  Eventually both noises stopped. This is not the first time we have experienced the flying lights and humming.  Almost every night, my dog goes crazy barking at the same part of the yard behind the shed.  The first time I saw the light hovering over my neighbor’s house, I pointed it out to my daughter and it vanished.  Will email images.;35.4897;-78.7249000000001
Light over Angier, NC.;2015-12-03 07:03:00;7 minutes;Light over Angier, NC After waking up we saw a bright light in yhe sky thru our window.  It hovered in place for a few minutes and them it rapitly got smaller as it moved not across, but out and up towards space.   It did not fly like a plane or helicopter.;35.4897;-78.7249000000001
