Humming craft with 3 dim cream colored lights moving through thick woods.;2008-08-15 01:00:00;15-20 seconds;Humming craft with 3 dim cream colored lights moving through thick woods. A group of friends and I were hanging out back of a restaurant my friends worked at having a good time. There was an aurora borealis that night. It had been unseasonably warm and so around 1 in the morning a thick fog started rolling in. There is a patch of woods behind the restaurant about 100 feet across the rear parking lot that goes back about 75-100 feet to houses and apartments. I started to hear a strange buzzing and brought it to my friends attention, we then saw 3 dim lights that appeared to be attached to an object  starting from top left in a diagonal line to bottom right and moved from left to right.  The bottom of the object was about 4 feet above the ground and the top of it was about 12-15 feet above the ground.  It looked as though it were ghosting through the trees as it was in the thick of them about 20 feet from the edge of the parking lot.  We stood dumbfounded as it moved through the woods until it disappeared and the thick fog with it.  I w! as excited and said &quotholy &@!? Did you guys see that?  It was a UFO!&quot 4 of the group were speechless but the looks on their faces said i was crazy and the 2 others who were preparing to enter the marines laughed and agreed that it was a helicopter.  The topic was quickly dropped and they resumed having fun.  I am convinced to this day it was not a helicopter as at that distance it would have been very loud and it was about as loud as the traffic going by on the road in front of the restaurant and a helicopter can't fly in the woods below the tree line.  Also the fact that it stopped us dead in the middle of what we were doing to stand still and silent as we watched.  I am a very curious individual, when I see something unknown I like to investigate yet I stood still and did nothing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));42.9966;-78.776
