Three orange glowing objects flying over Jefferson, Wisconsin;2013-08-24 20:45:00;5 minutes;Three orange glowing objects flying over Jefferson, Wisconsin Witnessed three glowing objects traveling from the south east, headed north west.  The objects maintained a constant speed and were traveling in a single file formation.  It was hard to tell how high they were or how fast they were traveling, but they made no discernible sound and appeared to be traveling faster than any plane or helicopter that you'd normally see in the area.  At first, they looked almost like Chinese lanterns, as they flickered like they were on fire.  Their color was also orange.  Because of the flickering, you were unable to determine their exact shape.  They maintained travel until I could no longer see them over the horizon.;42.9997;-88.8105999999999
Saw abnormal lights over jefferson county;2013-10-13 20:00:00;20 minutes;saw abnormal lights over jefferson county my girlfriend and i were on hwy 26 coming up to the last jefferson exit before johnson creek when she abruptly pointed out several moving lights and several still lights flashing on and off in 1sec(ish) durations, north of us.   we pulled over on the exit ramp to observe and noticed more to the east of us.  as some would disappear others would reappear great distances away.  some were moving in abnormal fashion and varied in speed.  the fastest of them were faster than any plane/satellite ive seen flying at night and had very irregular trajectories.   my girlfriend said she had witnessed several fly off and vanish extremely fast almost like something from starwars.  we also noticed what looked to me to be several aircraft heading towards said lights and then when they disappeared would head a different direction only to see more had appeared in that new direction.   we then got back in our car and drove down to hwy X and pulled over to observe 3 more, one of which was substantially brighter than any of the others.  this one appeared around the big dipper, was still for about 20 seconds, and then proceded northeast of the dipper from about my 12oclock to 2 oclock before vanishing within 15-20 seconds of beginning movement.  it was solid light, not strobing like some of the others, and was as bright as some of the brightest stars out observable in that area.   all of the lights were about as bright as an average star in moderate to low light polution.   id like to note that their seemed to be an abnormal amount of plane/helicopter traffic during this event and once we made it to our destination in watertown their was several high-altitude helicopters w/ spotlights on which was abnormal to me because i would imagin that a helicopter standing still would need to be much lower than it was to be able to affectively use any sort of spotlight and it is pretty rare to see a helicopter shining a spotlight period in that area let alone that high up.   what we saw was nothing ive seen before, not only the lights themselves but even the behavior of the known air traffic during and after.  by no means am i an expert of any kind in anything aircraft related but it seemed as if known aircrafts were responding to what was unidentifiable to me.   this was nothing ive seen before and never having seen anything i believe to be unidentifiable in the sky i felt obligated to share this in hopes that we werent the only ones who witnessed this.;42.9997;-88.8105999999999
Glowing Object Streaking Across the Sky;2013-11-11 22:00:00;1 minute;Glowing Object Streaking Across the Sky While taking my dog outside, I immediately observed what appeared to be a brightly glowing meteor streaking across the sky.  Orange in color, it moved in a westward direction, toward Madison, in a swift and precise fashion. In its wake, a sustained flickering remained in what seemed to be the object's path.  It remained visible for upwards of a minute.  There was no noise associated with the sighting.;42.9997;-88.8105999999999
