Planes guided into the Trade Centers by UFOs.;2001-09-11 09:00:00;Many Hours;Planes guided into the Trade Centers by UFOs. I can't believe not many people reported this.   I saw two ufos hit the World Trade Centers.  Is America blind.  The centers went down.  I'm not talking about the planes.  I saw 2 sebarate crafts watching from the sky.  In the confusion people might have missed it.  They seemed to guide the planes into centers.  Maybe I'm going crazy, but they weren't just spectators.  I saw them while watching the events unfold on TV.;42.0978165110845;-80.0375993582272
An unusally loud, low flying , fast aircraft, with no lights, heading north of Erie County, PA dissappears.;2011-01-10 17:45:00;8-10 seconds;An unusally loud, low flying , fast aircraft, with no lights, heading north of Erie County, PA dissappears. It was a mixed clouds/ clear skies evening, I was leaving work when a strange engine noise drew my attention to the sky.  The object I noticed nose dived then plateaud  suddenly to about 1000 feet.  The object had no lights, and the front of the craft was pointed.  The wings of the craft drew back at a sharp angle.  The rear of the vehicle had one engine but no exhaust/flames coming from it. The engine produced an irregular, loud noise, unlike any aircraft i've ever heard before.It had no propellers, was like a jet engine.  The sound coming from the aircraft was very loud and had a very deep clanking noise,although the speed of the craft did not match the sound it was producing.  It was heading north for a few seconds and abruptly disappeared because of it's speed.  It was impossible to track because there were no lights marking it's spot in the sky.;42.0978165110845;-80.0375993582272
Reflective cigar shaped craft sighted over erie, pa gone in seconds.;2011-06-28 14:55:00;20 seconds;Reflective cigar shaped craft sighted over Erie, PA gone in seconds. Leaving the local landfill today, my friend and I saw a flash of light just north of us, and overhead.  At first we thought it was an old airplane, the kind that was just made of all sheet metal, because the reflection off of this object was extremely bright, almost blinding.  As I pointed out to my friend that I didn’t think it was an airplane due to its movement (of which there was none, it was just hovering there), it rolled (it was almost like a tumbler rolling in midair), and spun overhead.  With that simple twist, it became a bright circle, and it shot ahead of us towards the lake.  Within seconds the point of light was across Lake Erie, towards Canada, and could not be seen anymore.  It left no trail, no sounds, nothing.   The person I was with is a skeptic, and even he was dumbfounded as to how it could just disappear without a trace.   I was able to snap a photo on my cell phone camera, right when it was doing its little tumble.  It is not the greatest, but you can tell there is definitely something there.;42.0978165110845;-80.0375993582272
Obj. with a single, white light appeared over city and Lake Erie and moved in ways I have never seen any aircraft move.;2011-07-16 23:52:00;00:15;Object with a single, white light appeared over city and Lake Erie and moved in ways I have never seen any aircraft move. I have been a police officer for ten years, and I served active duty in the United States Army in a reconnaissance unit.  One of my duties in the military was to observe and be able to identify aircraft from many countries, primarily those from the United States and the former Soviet Union.  I am also a huge fan of helicopter aviation. I was working patrol on the night of 7/16/11 on the 2230-0630 shift.  I was in uniform and in a marked patrol car.  While patrolling on a main street in town, I was driving southeast away from the lake and toward the downtown area.  At approximately 2352 hrs., I noticed a single, white light in the sky moving northwest.  The light appeared to be at an altitude of approximately 1,000-2,000 feet over the downtown area.  I first thought the object was a helicopter.  Just up the street from me was a large hospital which averages probably 4-5 medical helicopter transports a week.  I am very familiar with the medical helicopters which frequent my area, and after a few seconds I realized that what I was seeing was not a helicopter.  I also heard absolutely no sound from the object. As the light came toward me, I realized that it had no navigational or hazard lights (the green and red lights which flash on an aircraft).  It had a single, white light.  It was very bright at first.  As it got closer to being directly overhead, I noticed that the light appeared to be cigar shaped.  But as it got even closer to being overhead, the light seemed to dim.  By the time it was overhead (approximately one minute since I first saw it), it was as dim as most of the stars in the sky.  In fact, if it hadn't been moving, I probably would have thought that it was a star. I actually stopped my patrol car in the middle of the street and had to stick my head out of my driver's side window to look up at the object because it was directly overhead.  The object continued to move northwest, but it was dim and appeared to be much higher than when I first saw it.  In fact, it appeared then that it was 10,000 feet or higher. Then I was amazed when the object stopped dead in it's tracks and began to zig and zag, back and forth!  It went in all directions.  I would estimate that if it was 10,000 high it was probably moving maybe 200 feet in each direction around the point where it had stopped. It became difficult for me to watch the object with my head sticking out the car window and looking over the roof of the car to my west, so I made a u-turn and parked along the curb.  I could now see the object by looking out of my window toward the west.  Shortly after I parked, I phoned my wife to tell her what I was seeing.  My cell phone indicated that I called my wife at 2353 hrs. on 7/16/11. Just after I started talking to my wife, the object stopped zigging and zagging and it began to move toward the east.  Just then, another police unit with two officers pulled up and asked what I was doing.  I ended the phone call with my wife and I informed the officers about the object that I was watching.  We then exited our respective vehicles while we watched the object.  Both officers saw what I was seeing.  One of them believed it to be an aircraft.  The other officer said she wasn't sure what it was. As we watched the object continue east, we noticed an aircraft far out in front of it, also flying east.  The object and the aircraft appeared to be around the same altitude, but the object had become so dim that it was hard to determine how high it was.  In fact, several times the object's light appeared to fade out completely and then quickly fade back in.  However, at no time did the light of the object appear to flash or blink. All three of us watched the object move east and, once again, it stopped in mid flight and began to zig and zag around the point it stopped.  The one officer continued to believe that the object was an aircraft, and the other officer said she didn't know what it was.  Then the other officers had to move their vehicle because they had stopped in the travel lane and they were blocking traffic.  I got back into my vehicle and drove east and parked in a parking lot one block east of my original location where I continued to watch the object.  It continued east and its light faded in and out a few more times.  I lost track of where the aircraft, which I had seen in front of it, had flown.  Then I received a call for service from my dispatcher and I had to leave the area.  The total time I watched the object was approximately 15 minutes. Later that night I looked to the sky in the direction I last saw the object but I didn't see it again.  Through the course of the night I did see two meteorites, one to the north of town over the lake and one to the south.  However, I am familiar with what meteorites look like and the object I watched was NOT a meteorite. Later in my shift I tried to call the local international airport to see if they had any aircraft or any other contacts on radar at that time.  But I only got an automated system and was never able to get through to anyone there.;42.0978165110845;-80.0375993582272
