I saw an amzingly bright light in the night sky and then it disappeared.;2010-10-28 19:50:00;30-45 seconds;I saw an amzingly bright light in the night sky and then it disappeared. I live in a very small town of 1,500 people and tonight I was on my driveway looking up at the stars with a friend of mine looking for Orion (but its not summer), and she wanted to download an app on her phone called the Google Star Map. I was looking at something similar to Orion’s belt towards the West, when I saw a “Shooting Star” shoot towards it.  Immediately after that occurred, she said her phone wasn’t downloading right. I didn’t think much of that, so we started walking towards her car to charge her phone. There was a problem though, everything was dead silent. Usually you can hear my dog barking, but nothing, dead silent. So then, I look back in the direction of the “Shooting Star”, when I see an EXTREMELY bright light coming towards us. It was heading East. I asked my friend if that was a satellite, (but I’ve seen satellites before, and it was moving way to fast to be one) she said no, its too bright. As it moved closer, it got brighter and brighte! r from a light blue to a violet haze at its peak, just to the north of us.  At the UFO’s peak it took a dramatic turn heading Northeast. The entire time it was “wobbling” from side to side. She yelled for me to go get my sister and simultaneously, the craft started to get dimmer. So I ran to the house, and got her out there and she spotted it too. Then, it vanished. This thing was moving at a phenomenal speed. From one part of the sky to the other, it took around 30 seconds tops for the UFO to go to from one horizon the other.. There were planes in the sky at the time, so we indicated it wasn’t a plane, due to the fact it didn’t have any red or green lights illuminating from it. Also it was moving way to fast. After it exited our sight, everything went back to “normal”, the dogs were barking and her phone was working too. If I had to estimate the height, I would say around 20,000 feet, and if it was at that height, it had to been huge. And, if it was a supersonic jet, you w! ould of heard the sonic booms because I’ve seen the space shut! tle take off.  I didn’t know what that thing was, other than a UFO. Just earlier today I was watching things all about these kind of events. I just want to get this situation figured out. I was a skeptic before this, now I am a believer, and trust me, it takes a lot for me to get shook up like this.;41.9114;-97.2124
