Strange object in night sky;2011-05-07 00:00:00;1-2 min;Strange object in night sky My boyfriend and I had a few friends over Saturday night.  We were sitting around a fire in our backyard.  We seen two jets fly by going really fast.  We did not think anything of it until someone noticed something strange hovering over our house.   We all turned in the direction of this object.  I was not the first to see this.  The person who did said after we all moved to get a better look it looked alot smaller.  It resembled a hot air ballon, but not right side up.  It looked sideways instead of up and down, left to right.  Its really hard to find the exact words to describe it.  It looked like a fire burning on the end of the object but inside.  Like a candle would flicker, I could see this at the small end of the object.   I really couldn't believe that this thing was right there in the sky.  It almost looked like a lantern like the outside of it, or the material it was made of was sheer.  Like I said you could see a flame or something flicker inside.  ! No sound was made.  It looked to be an off white color, then a reddish, last was an orange color. The colors were throughout the object at the same time.  It didnt change color.   The weirdest thing about all of it was when I tried to take a picture of it, my camera malfunctioned.  It took about seven tries to get a picture taken and by that time it was almost gone. All you can see is a red dot in the sky.  I will eventually try to have these magnified.   Also my camera low battery light started blinking when I tried to take the picture.  Later it stopped and still has the same batteries with no problems.   I am quite unsure about what good this report is going to do.  I feel very disturbed by what I have seen and I believe that no one will ever be able to explain what I saw.  I am scared that I will be laughed at or ridiculed if I speak to others about this.  I would love to learn more about what I have seen or talk to others.  I'm sure you probably get alot of reports but I assure you that this account is true.   I have seen shows before where people say they have seen things and I was never decided if it could be true or not.   Now I know how they must have felt.;44.0286;-91.6957000000002
