2 yellow lights over Lancaster, NH.;2010-06-07 22:00:00;8 mins;2 yellow lights over Lancaster, NH. about a week ago i was watching a UFO show on the history channel.  and they showed a UFO in the sky over Ohio in the summer of 2010.  as soon as i saw the ufo on the TV my heart started to beat like crazy.  i saw that something, the same night. it was around 10:00 pm in Lancaster NH.  i sometime lay out in the yard and just look up at the stars trying to see if i can see a shooting star, or sometimes the space-station.   well this night i was looking into the north west sky about 30 degrees above the horizon. when i saw what i thought was the space station, but this time of the year it would not be in the northwest sky.  it was coming east to west.  it started a big bright ball moving steady.   i looked and looked for any kind of airplane lights but it was just one solid yellow light.  then out of know where it looks like something on-docked from the light.  now there was two lights and the second light seemed to stop but the other kept going.  once it got about a finger length away the 2nd light started moving the same speed and stayed that length away.   after watching these two lights for about 8 mins they just faded into the distance.   i was not shore what i had just seen so i went to my Facebook and stared to ask people if anyone had seen it.  shore enough  i had three friend tell me they had seen the something i did.   i didn't know how to report a UFO so i just didn't say anything about it till now.  i hope you people can find what i'm talking about. i don't want to keep thinking i'm crazy. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));44.4946;-71.5654
3 lights decended and then rose up and faded away.;2012-09-02 21:00:00;appx. 3-5 minutes;3 lights decended and then rose up and faded away. Upon taking a break from work at a resteraunt I went outside and noticed a small light that looked like a star falling slowly from the sky.  As the light fell it got brighter and bigger.  Then I looked to my right and I noticed another light falling but faster.  The hovered near each other for some time when another light decended.  When the third met the equal altitude as the others they all slowly rose up and faded away.  Note:  There was no noise of helicopter blades or any engines.I have a video on my cell phone of the event.;44.4946;-71.5654
Three horizontal lights appearing, disappearing, and reappearing close to the ground.;2015-01-15 18:16:00;18 seconds;Three horizontal lights appearing, disappearing, and reappearing close to the ground. The sighting began north of the town’s fairgrounds it was seen from a vehicle heading south on route 3.  It lasted about fifteen seconds and consisted of three horizontal white lights.   The lights were estimated to be three hundred feet off the ground and moved very quickly.  They first appeared for two seconds then disappeared, it reappeared to the south (right) about one hundred to two hundred feet from its original spot.  When it reappeared for the fourth time with a second set of lights appearing half of a second later to the right of the first set.   We lost sight of the lights in the trees before we came around the corner before the fairgrounds.  It was seen for the last time as we came to the clearing of the fairground, by this time it seemed to be at the same height but half to three quarters of a mile away from vehicle, and heading south.   No actual shape was seen only lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.4946;-71.5654
