I was trimming hedges.  took break, looked up an saw object appear the disappear;1998-09-01 10:30:00;3 sec;I was trimming hedges.  took break, looked up an saw object appear the disappear I was trimming my hedges on a sunny morning, wearing sunglasses.  There were two levels of clouds. The lower clouds were wispy, about 8,000 feet I'm told.   I took a break and looked East.   I was looking at approximately a 45 degree angle thinking how nice the day was and observed a dirty copper colored round disc appear.  The disc appeared to be travelling Southbound. I observed the disc appear to bank to it's left as I could see the bottom of the disc, and it's shape - round.  The best I can describe is hang an object from a string. Push it away, and as it swings back you'll see the bottom for about that long in time.   This object was huge.  It then disappeared as fast as it appeared.  I never saw it until it started to bank, and it disappeared after banking.   It was unbelievable at the time. It was above the lower cloud level. Using basic geometry, if the clouds are about 8,000 feet and I'm looking at an approximate 45 degree angle then A squared plus B squared equals c squared.   ( right triangle )  My best guess is it was 2 1/2 miles away.  I have travelled to the country and gotten about 2 1/2 miles from barns to estimate the size of this object.   My best guess is this was approximately 100 feet in size. It was far larger then the moon when full, and a half dollar held at arms length. I work in Law enforcement. Have for ten years.   I 've been within  400 feet of unknown objects, twice 25 years ago on separate occasions at night.   I'm not crazy.   I know something exists.  I have thought a year about writing to you. I also have dated a person who states her brother works in the military and they monitor all UFO sites on the Internet, and he told her to stay away from them.   Whether you get this remains to be seen. You may email me should you choose to do so.  Thanks;39.9773;-88.2568
Out cutting hedges and saw object in sky;1998-09-20 10:30:00;3-4 secs;Out cutting hedges and saw object in sky This is a resubmission.  I have tried to establish the approximate date. I was outside my home, cutting hedges on the East side of my home and took a break.  I was looking at the sky admiring the light clouds and blue sky.  There were 2 cloud levels.  One up high, maybe 12-15,000 feet.  A lower one, that was approximately 8,000 feeet.  I know it was fairly high, as the lower clouds were wispy, not stacked cumulo Nimbus clouds.  I also live 2 miles from Willard Airport, outside Champaign, IL so I am used to watching planes fly overhead as they use the transponder here at the airport. I had on sunglasses due to the brigth sun, and my eyes are sensitive to it.  I was looking East and suddenly observed a round object appear out of nowhere.  The object was circular in shape. I observed the object appear to make a lazy left turn.   The object appeared to be a dirty copper in color and was huge.   I state the object appeared to make a left turn as I observed the underside of the craft.  It appeared to swing up.  The underside tilted up towards me at an approximate 30 degree angle.  I could definitely see almost the whole underside of the craft, and see it's circular shape.  The object then slid back flat, and disappeared !!   I couldn't believe it. Thinking about it, I could not see the craft until it tilted.  This has bothered me.   Why couldn't I see it until it tilted, and then after it returned it disappeared again.  It was large enough, and close enough that I should have seen something !!! Using basic geometry I figured out it's basic size.   A cloud level at 8,000, even less, and an approximate angle of 45 degrees in the sky one can reach some conclusions.   I figure the object was approximately 2 1/2 miles from me.   I live in a small town, and estimate the size of this craft to be approximately 100 feet in diameter, based on comparing barns from approximately 2 1/2 miles away.   Smaller then a full moon. Would be approximately the size of  full moon and add a half moon to it.  Larger than a half dollar held at arms length. I declined to report this for fear of what our gov't is doing.  I work in law enforcement and don't need to be labeled crazy.   I have dated a young woman who has a family member in  the military.  He told her to stay away from Internet sites that delt with UFO's, as they are all monitored by the gov't.  When pressed for mor info, he refused to answer more.  I do listen to you on Art Bell.  I think he's doing great work, as you are.    Recently I heard you on Art's show and decided to report this.    Thanks;39.9773;-88.2568
