Mushroom picking on Blewitt Pass area about 730-8pm....;2004-09-25 20:00:00;5 minutes;Mushroom picking on Blewitt Pass area about 730-8pm.... The wife and I were returning from mushroom hunting in the Blewitt Pass/Snoqualmie pass area on Saturday afternoon. We stopped by a river to fish around 7pm, and I decided to rest a bit, and have a smoke break and watch my wife fish the river. The sun was going down over the mountains, and the sky was clear. There were some faint stars becoming visible and I looked up towards the northeast, over a mountain and saw an unusual looking 'star'. I say 'unusual' because it wasn't a 'whitish' color but more of a whitish/bluish color, about half the size of the north star. I watched this object for a minute, then realized it was moving very slowly, what appeared to be coming towards us.  It was difficult to estimate the distance or altitude of the 'star', but I would guess it to be at around 7500 AGL, and I can't even guess at the distance. I am a commercial pilot and have been flying for close to 30 years, so I know what aircraft and other types of objects look like. Anyways, about maybe 2 minutes later, the object is getting brighter, again with a bluish tint, and it appears to coming towards us.  There is no noise, and at this time, I yelled to my wife to come look at this object. She came over, and quickly ran to our SUV to get my binocs. I stood watching the object while she was looking through the binocs, saying........'oh my God!!'........I got a look through the binocs and could make out what looked to be a perfectly round, translucent 'orb', with lights around the outer 'edge', if there is such a thing, on a round object. About this time, the hairs on the back of my neck are standing straight out, and I get this very uncomfortable feeling of being 'watched'. I'm probably mumbling someting while watching this thing for another minute, and then, suddenly, it shot straight up and disappeared. It was one of most unusual objects I or my wife have ever witnessed. There was no noise from the craft, and where we were fishing, there was no sound at all, we could not even hear the sound of the river, since the water was so low, so, it was dead silent out. I would estimate that we watched it for about 4-5 minutes total. The sky was clear at the time and no other aircraft flying in the area.;47.4422;-121.4349
