dark to light brown rounded boomerrang or crescent moon shaped object moves silently overhead.;2005-03-14 23:00:00;15 to 20 seconds;dark to light brown rounded boomerrang or crescent moon shaped object moves silently overhead. I was at the local track just before midnight with my dogs. just us, and was looking up at the stars when the movement of an object almost directly overhead caught my eye. The best way to describe this object was sort of like a boomerang or crescent moon shape, uneven on 1 side, dark to light brown in color.  A few words came directly to mind, Bird, as in hawk or eagle, or pterodactyl. Wing Boomerang Kite Stealth, and aircraft. And an adjective that came to mind was gliding.  I said softly, outloud What the heck is that. I put my hands up around my eyes to block out the lights along the horizon and at ground level. It moved straight and swiftly towards the north at a constant speed. When I thought bird, the thought came that there was no flapping and I've seen birds soar or glide and this was much more direct and constant more like an aircraft.  When I thought stealth or aircraft, I subconsciously made a note that it had no lights and there was no sound, and noted the uneven 1 side. I even had a subconscious thought that it looked sort of prehistoric, yet was modern, as if it were a remote control aircraft built to look prehistoric.  I was uncertain what I was seeing but certain I was seeing it. The lights around the high school are particularly bright, with numerous streets with street lights and houses just to the north as well. The sky directly overhead however was particularly clear and black, and the stars more visible than common. Although I saw it somewhat well, it was much more the movement that made me see it to start with, and follow it, otherwise it sort of blended in with the night sky.  It seemed to be moving at a constant height or altitude and faded into the sky within about 15 seconds as towards the north over town the sky wasn't as dark.  I clapped my hands at 1 point to see if it perhaps it were a bird and if I could get any reaction from it.  I could not really estimate how high overhead except to say when I thought of it as a bird, it seemed to be maybe 100 to 200 feet overhead. When I thought of it as an aircraft it seemed to be like a low flying plane, maybe 1,000 feet or so overhead. But again it seemed way to big to be a bird, perhaps the reason the thought pterodactyl or prehistoric came to mind.  I made note of the constellations overhead, it seemed to have moved between or through the constellations Leo and the big Dipper, right to left as I faced East. It was cold out. I estimated the time to be around 11:43 p.m. I looked up for a few minutes afterwards without stopping but saw nothing more. I then was looking up for much of the remainder of our time at the track.  I will make a few drawings of the object.  Misc. An example of the way it blended into the sky, in the movie Close Encounters, when richard dryfuss's character is in the power company truck at the railroad crossing, as he sees the lights,and then it becomes silent, and he looks up directly overhead out his front windshield and you see the object moving in the sky, it reminded me of that somewhat, although this was moving faster and more steadily.  Another thought came to mind, the government tested the stealth aircraft in this region back in the '80s, and for a few years people in this region, particularly a county maybe 30 miles away, were reporting sightings of a ufo in the shape of a bat. It was later learned this was the stealth aircraft.  There is a rural county airport, Mercer County airport, directly to the north in the direction this object was moving, maybe 6 or 7 miles as the crow flies from this location. This is not a south to north flight path for low flying aircraft for this airport. Aircraft approach the airport from the east.  I have never seen anything like such,, or something that I haven't been able to explain before.;37.2697;-81.2212
White light and flash?;2014-02-02 21:00:00;5-10 minutes;White light and flash? My fiancee and I were traveling back from West Virginia to South Carolina on Sunday.  I had national guard drill on this weekend.   We left WV around 6-615pm because the snow storm started and I had to work Monday night and didn't want to be stranded and miss work.  It takes about 2-3 hours to get to the East River Mountain Tunnel where this occured.  (Bluefield WV - Bland County Virginia I-77 southbound).  We exited the tunnel which enters Virginia - Bland County?  Not 100% on that.   After exiting I looked to the right because cops/state police usually sit there and a car passed us going over the speed limited which is why I looked there.  The next thing I remember I was facing forward without remembering changing the way I was looking.  It almost looked like it was daylight outside, but the light seemed like a white light with a extremely light haze/fog.   During this time I remember thinking why is it light outside its 9-10pm at night in the winter, then a bright flash came over and the light was gone.   My fiancee next said did the car just die or are the lights off?  We both looked and the car was still running and the lights were still on, the transition from the bright light to just the car lights may have caused us to think the car died or the lights were off.   We had also slowed down from about 55 mph to about 35-40 mph, as well as the car in front of us and cars in the opposite lanes.  This is when we questioned what just happened it all seemed to happen in a short amount of time.  I remember looking back and the tunnel was not in sight...which means we traveled a good distance in this white light before the flash and us slowing down and it seemed like several minutes passed by during this.   Has anyone else experienced something like this?   I would also like to add I saw a strange formation of lights with no particular pattern that we both saw in Charleston, WV, about 2 hours before exiting the tunnel.  The colors of light in the staggered! formation were a bright white to a burnt orange;37.2697;-81.2212
