While observing Venus through telescopes, my friend and I saw several lights at high altitude that were able to come to complete stops,;1969-03-01 21:00:00;2 minutes;While observing Venus through telescopes, my friend and I saw several lights at high altitude that were able to come to complete stops, When I was 13 years old, a friend of mine and I had our telescopes out to view the planet Venus, as it was in close proximity to the earth during that period of time.   There had been reports of UFO sightings in the Perth Amboy area for several days before this.  These events were even reported in a local newspaper.  My friend and I laughed about these reports as we both thought the poor ignorant fools were actually witnessing Venus and didn't know any better.  We were a bit cocky since we had a little knowledge of astronomy, and we were young.   Several minutes into our observing Venus, my friend said to me, what's that?  I looked up and saw two small lights moving in a northerly direction toward us, side by side, and about to move directly over my (parents) house. Since we lived in the flight path of Newark airport, I thought the lights were the wing lights of an airliner, and I said to my friend, it's just a plane, why?   I then went back to looking through my telescope.  My friend, who was older then me and a very intelligent kid, said, but there's no plane in the middle.  I thought that was a silly thing for him to say, and I then looked back up.  Sure enough he was right there was no plane in between the lights.   Now we just kept looking up at these small moving lights, not sure what they were, but not thinking UFO's.  We were just curious as to what aircrafts would be traveling so high up (20,000 feet or more), next to each other in this way.   When they were almost directly overhead, one of the lights came to a complete stop while the other light made a 45 degree turn around it and then both lights started to travel easterly, at a right angle from their original path.  This was absolutely shocking since there were no crafts either of us had ever heard of that could do such a thing.  We were stunned into silence as we watched the small lights continue their new easterly path.  After a few more seconds both lights stopped altogether, at a point that a small star was between them (we thought it was a star).  The two lights turned around this star in such a manner as to resume their original configuration as they had been when they were traveling northerly.   At this point all three lights started to move north together!  Obviously, the center light was not a star, but it was another craft that had been waiting for the other two crafts (lights).  Up to this point my friend and I didn't say a word, we just watched in sheer, silent amazement.  As the lights traveled north toward Newark airport, we started to talk to each other and ask, what did you see?   Neither of us has ever been able to explain the event.   To this day I do not believe that the earth is being visited by aliens, simply because of the incredible distances and time involved in traveling from solar system to solar system.  However, I do not know how to explain what we saw that day. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.5141;-74.27355
Lighted symmetrical “CROSS-HAIR LIGHT EVENT” Nov/2011;2011-11-15 21:45:00;Less than 5 mins;Lighted symmetrical CROSS-HAIR LIGHT EVEN Nov/2011 This event was reported to me by a relative on Thanksgiving Day, 2011. It is by  a senior female of high reliability and standards yet she felt compelled to relate this observance to me because of it’s strangeness and visibility in the night sky.  She also wishes to remain anonymous  She took the dog out for it’s nightly walk at approx 945 pm EST.  her attention was drawn to the south-east sky by a commercial jet on landing approach to Newark Airport, the  sighting location is within the landing/takeoff patterns of Newark and she thought this was normal  However, in the clear night sky she observed a LARGE LIGHTED CROSS-HAIR being formed in the SSE sky, the rays of this cross were razor sharp, thin, white and seemed to emanate from an unknown source (not Ground based) and when they converged at a center point in the sky they all WINKED OUT  the same time , the process was repeated many times. The timing of the event was approx 10-15 secs with a brief interval between occurrences.  They repeated at least 8-10 times as she walked back into the house as  the cross-hair  rays were still being formed, extinguished, and formed again and again. From her telling this to me at Thanksgiving  I took her out front of the house and she pointed out in the night  sky where this event happened, it was high over water approx 50-60 degrees off the horizon SSE,  and her statement of size was it was bigger than her hand held outstretched it did not block it out.  Since I cannot pinpoint this exact date on that week of Nov 2011  it seems that this event was high in the clear night sky, stationary  and not of any terrestrial origin, advertising or aircraft production, it happened high over  coastal water in the sky over southern NY  but was viewed from Central NJ (Perth Amboy) location   Anybody else ever see this type of light show event here or other parts of the country? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.5141;-74.27355
The object was bright white at times stem like branches, object moved in various vertical and horizontal movements very slow.;2020-04-11 22:30:00;30min;The object was bright white at times stem like branches, object moved in various vertical and horizontal movements very slow.;40.5141;-74.27355
