Driving south on Curry Pool rd after leaving a gas station at dusk, as we came to a stop sign at a T-intersection (Curry Pool rd and FM;2020-10-29 21:15:00;~15 minutes;Driving south on Curry Pool rd after leaving a gas station at dusk, as we came to a stop sign at a T-intersection (Curry Pool rd and FM 2231 W), my wife and I noticed two horizontal red lights about a mile southwest of us and a couple thousand feet in altitude which I took to be unusual wingtip lights on a Cessna. As we were stopping at the intersection the two lights rotated clockwise until they were vertical. I was expecting to see a plane in a hard bank however the lights just winked out and there was nothing. Turning east onto  FM 2231 W, we were curious about the lights we had just witnessed and parked at the intersection of FM 2231 W and County Road 229 to watch the southern sky from a small hilltop. A few moments later a brilliant red light with a faint yellow tinge, round in shape, popped on a couple miles south at about the same altitude as the two lights seen a couple mile west. This intense red, singular light, sat stationary as another red light ! popped on to it's southwest another mile or so behind the first. Then a third popped on in the distant south maybe 5 or so miles back, difficult to estimate. In all there were about four separate lights. They were silent. They never made a formation, changing locations seemingly randomly. They would burn intensely for only a few seconds before winking out and popping on a mile or so away in an instant. Occasionally one of them would wink off but stay in it's place while flickering a very tiny faint white light before popping on again. This continued until they were hardly noticeable in the distance near to Cisco Texas. I was commenting on the unusual lack of air traffic over our area when we noticed the lights coming back our way. In three or four winks they had traveled back to FM 2231 W. All this taking place west of and parallel to Highway 183 S. We got our daughter (8 yo) out of the car to see as one popped on about a quarter mile south of us and 1000 to 1500 feet up. I! t was very bright. At this point all the lights went dark. A f! ew secon ds later two fighter jets tore behind us no more than 1000 feet up heading due east between FM 2231 W and Breckenridge city limits. These guys had no lights on. After the jets passed we saw nothing else. The precise date I am not sure. Either October 28th or 29th.;32.7488;-98.9143
