On August 11th 2005 my son and I seen a large triangle UFO with 3 lights, with the broad part of the tiangle moving forward.;2005-08-11 20:40:00;around 3 minutes;On August 11th 2005 my son and I seen a large triangle UFO with 3 lights, with the broad part of the tiangle moving forward. My son, and I were coming home from work. It was right after dusk, around 8:40 P.M. We were about 3 miles from Edmonton on Highway 68 & 80 going east. At the top of a hill I seen two lights in the sky. There was a red light an a green light. I said to my son look at those lights. They looked like they were about 300 to 500 yards in the sky. The lights were not flashing. I drove a few hundred yards, then pulled my truck off the road onto the gravel. We both got out of the truck. As we got out of our truck, My son said look it's a triangle I said yes it is. When I first looked up, it was right over our heads around 300 to 500 yards off the ground. I could see the triangle shape by seeing the outline of the UFO, and not by just connecting the lights to see the UFO, the bottom of the object was a dark color, maybe black, and There were 3 lights on each end of the triangle. The wild thing about this UFO was the broad side of the triangle was going in front. There was a yellow light in the back. The UFO moved west away from us, with the broad side of the triangle moving forward. I tried to listen for noise from the object, but the cars that went by us interfered. My son said for a few seconds when the cars past he couldn't hear anything from the UFO. I didn't hear any noise from the UFO during this whole event. When I got home. I drew a picture of what I seen. I didn't show my son, who is ten years old. The next day after school. I had my son to draw what he saw. Both pictures were the same, except for the color of one light. I had the green, and red light in front on the broad side, with the yellow in the back. My son had the red, and yellow in front on the broad side with the green in the back. Everything else was the same, including the color, shape, and the broad side of the triangle moving forward.;36.9931;-85.6123
Several lights on the bottom of the craft that were white, flashed about every second, and were in the form of a triangle.;2010-09-04 09:35:00;1-2 minutes;Several lights on the bottom of the craft that were white, flashed about every second, and were in the form of a triangle. I was driving on a back-road leaving Edmonton heading to Glasgow to drop of a friend who was with me. I was driving and I looked into the distance and saw two flashing lights, I thought both of them were just cell phone/radio towers. One was much more bright than the other. As I approached the lights, I noticed that there was only one tower and the other light, which was the much brighter one, was moving south (I was headed west). I figured it was an airplane. The light was flashing about every second. When it flashed again, I saw that it wasn't very high in the sky. The next time it flashed, I realized that there were several lights and they were in the form of a triangle. I knew this couldn't be an airplane. The aircraft changed direction and started heading east parallel to my friend and I. I stopped my vehicle and my friend and I looked at the aircraft. I had the window down and I attempted to get a picture with my cell phone. The aircraft stopped and hovered in one spot about the same time we stopped. I got a very close look at it, It was very dark, so all I could see was the bottom of it when it lit up. It was only about 100 feet in the air and only about 250 feet from my vehicle. When it lit up, the light was white, like LED lights. I could also see a triangular metal frame around the outside of the aircraft. I was so frightened that I decided to put my phone down and floor the gas pedal. I drove as fast as I could to the highway. My friend said that it looked as though the craft was following us. I came to a stop sign and turned left, which immediately we had to drive underneath a bridge. After coming out from under the bridge, I remember seeing the ground, and reflection of the signs, light up with the same color of the aircraft, as if it were directly above us. After that, we approached the highway and I drove the rest of the way to Glasgow. I haven't seen it again.;36.9931;-85.6123
