Was on back porch. I looked up into the sky, and there was a bright object that lookes like a star but it was moving very slowly. It wa;2003-12-30 17:00:00;30 minutes;Was on back porch. I looked up into the sky, and there was a bright object that lookes like a star but it was moving very slowly. It was still daylight. There were no stars in the sky. I continued to watch the object until it vanished. I have seen this same object on several other ocassions. This occured during daylight hours. At times it appeared brighter. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));39.9192;-85.3676
Four round, bronze lights which traveled erratically at odd speeds before suddenly disappearing against clear night skies.;2019-07-07 00:35:00;5-6 minutes;Four round, bronze lights which traveled erratically at odd speeds before suddenly disappearing against clear night skies. My family was enjoying a night of sitting outside and watching a small fireworks show we’d planned.  Our attention was on the nearly direct west-side of the night sky.  About twenty minutes into our firework-watching, we noticed what looked like very distant, bronze-toned lights which were flying in perfect unison—making what looked like an enlongated triangle formation.  There were four lights, total.  One light made the point of the enlongated triangle, then two more lights, perfectly spaced, which made the bottom of the “triangle” formation.  There was, at a distance behind the formation, one more bronze-ish toned light.  This light was exactly like the other three, but appeared to fly at its own pace, and was not part of the formation.  The “triangle” and independent light were headed southbound and seemed to be traveling at a slow rate, almost at times appearing at a stand still.  The triangle formation stayed that shape for about five minutes.  The light that h! ad been trailing behind independently suddenly “dashed” off at such a fast rate that the only way to describe it is to compare it with a shooting star.  But between six sober, adult eye witnesses, it can be said, without a doubt, that the bronze-colored light that zoomed off was not a shooting star.  It was definitely a light on some sort of flying craft that had “shot off” in the opposite direction it had been traveling, and then completely disappeared from sight. The other three lights disappeared from sight as well only seconds afterwards, but unlike the independent light that had been trailing, these just “went out” and nothing more of them was seen. These lights were not bright white like search helicopter lights, and they were not white, nor blinking, like those seen at night on commercial aircraft.  These lights were small, bronze, round in shape, and stayed constantly on until their sudden disappearance from the night sky.  The night sky was clear, with no cloud coverage at the time.;39.9192;-85.3676
