Bright diamond objects with pulsating blue lights.;2002-01-11 20:00:00;20 plus minutes;Bright diamond objects with pulsating blue lights. On the evening of Jan. 11, 2002 around 8:30 p.m. and again on January 12, 2002 around 9:00 p.m. diamond shaped objects were observed in the sky over the Pacific Ocean just off the coast of Santa Barbara. On Friday night, I noticed what I first thought was a very bright star from the window of the second floor of my home. I went downstairs and outside for a better look. It was too bright to be a star and it had the shape of a diamond with a blueish color and it seem to be flickering. I waited to see if it was an airplane or helicopter. I waited. It was not. After about 5 minutes I went inside to my office and got a pair of binoculars and was followed outside by two other persons, who witnessed this object. What appeared diamond shaped to my eyes was actually(looking through the binoculars) something very large and round. It was spinning in a vertically. Colors of bright unique shades of some light red, blue and greenish yellow could be clearly seen. The colors were in circles and spinning in alternating directions. The blue color was pulsating and their was white like sparks all around the edges (like electricity popping out of a broken line). At one point a beam of wide white laser like light went from this object towards the mountains. This made us nervous and concerned. We remained outside for another 5 minutes and it remained in the same position. Everyone went in and I called the airport tower but they had a recorded message that sounded like it was for piolets. During the next evening my 31 year old daughter was visiting about 9 p.m. I told her about the previous evening and what we experienced. She said it was on the news because several people had called. The news said it was space debris from a satellite that probably broke up. I told her it was to low, it would have fallen or something. It was visible for at least 20 plus minutes. I took her outside to point out where it was when we noticed three of the objects. One over the Pacific and two almost overhead. There was plenty of space between them. One was almost in the same place it was the previous evening. She used the binoculars  and we were joined by three others who also looked at them and reported seeing what I stated above except that one of the objects had a something like a tail extending from it, that looked like a long streak of electricity. We remained outside for about 15 minutes and during that time all objects remained stationary. Around 10 p.m., I looked again and they were no longer visible. No noise. No movement except for within the objects themselves. This was a very concerning sighting. The laser beam triggered thoughts of some sort of high tech a terrorist controlled satellite. Because it remained undisturbed and returned as three the next night, I assume this is some sort of government project. I don’t but space debris.;34.4301388888889;-119.718623202615
