I observed an object rising slowly up from about 2000 ft. until it disappeared into the low clouds.  It was star shaped and rotating.;1999-09-19 08:50:00;8 minutes;I observed an object rising slowly up from about 2000 ft. until it disappeared into the low clouds.  It was star shaped and rotating. I was looking out my bedroom window (facing North) because I heard many sirens in the neighborhood.  At that time I observed an object in the sky which at first looked like it might be a plane.  However this object was rotating while at the same time moving slowly up and to the south east.  I saw lights flashing on and off intermittently.  I also photographed it (although by the time I got my camera loaded it was pretty far away).  I thought it might be a balloon because of the way it was rising but the way it was rotating vertically and the lights on it were not consistent with a balloon.  It was black on the underside and possibly yellow on the top.  It really looked like a plane the way it looks when it is free falling from the sky but it was going up and the vertical rotation (rolling motion) was slow.  I want to know what this strange object was and if it was reported by any other people in the SB area.  I will email you the photos when I get them developed if you are interested. Thank you.;34.4301388888889;-119.718623202615
Slowly moving crescent shaped object seen for 3+ minutes then disappearing.  ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  PD));2007-05-11 20:35:00;3 min;Slowly moving crescent shaped object seen for 3+ minutes then disappearing. Myself and 3 other friends were standing outside our dorm room throwing a ball around and looked up to see an object floating through the sky.  It was moving very slowly but not with the wind.  It seemed to hover above an area about 1/2 a mile from us and then we lost sight of it in the evening sky.  I know this sounds sorta hoaxy but it looked like a half moon shape with a elongated triangle protruding from the middle out between the arms the best way I can describe it is to say it looked similar to the Klingon (spl?) ship style in the Star Trek movies I saw as a kid. ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  PD));34.4301388888889;-119.718623202615
Bright light in broad daylight changing intermittently to black object moves slowly across sky in Sant Barbara.;2008-01-01 11:00:00;8 minutes;Bright light in broad daylight changing intermittently to black object moves slowly across sky in Sant Barbara. ON January 1st 2008 at approximately 11 am. in Santa Barbara California I noticed a bright object in the sky at about 75 degrees above ground level if one were to consider 90 degrees directly overhead. Weather conditions were bright and clear with blue skies and some very patchy, high, thin, hazy and mostly transparent clouds. The clouds were not as high as cirrus clouds but they appeared quite high and were much higher than what one would call coastal haze. The brightness of the object caught my attention through the window as it was quite intense somewhat like a bright star at night or the landing lights on a plane at dusk. This was however quite out of the ordinary as it was a very bright sunny day. The object also appeared to be still in the sky. After staring at it for a while and asking my friend to take a look and tell me what he thought it might be  I went outside for a better view. I was visiting my friend and asked it he had any binoculars but he didn’t so I was left to scrutinize the object with my naked eyes. I am a visual artist and an avid birder so my observation skills are fairly strong. It was to the north of my position and the sun would have been to the south east. The object was moving in a straight line from east to west very slowly. I could observe that it was traveling just beneath the high clouds as it would occasionally dip slightly into them. When I was viewing it through the some what dirty window I noticed that it would disappear and then reappear with the same intensity. I thought that perhaps it was becoming obscured by the clouds. However when seen from outside the house I could see that when it was not shining with a bluish light it would turn completely black as in pure black and not at all grayish as it might have been if there were some atmospheric interference. In it’s black phase I got the impression that it was shaped somewhat like a very shallowly curved fingernail clipping with the con caved side down, the convex side up and pointed on the ends. I am not an aviation expert but I believe I could safely say that no conventional aircraft could fly that slowly except for an ultra light and I don’t think that ultra lights fly at such high altitudes. There was an airliner flying above it and it’s rate of movement across the sky was much faster than object in question even thought the air liner was at a much higher altitude. I considered that if it were an ultra light the top side of the wing might be made of a highly reflective material such as a blue tinted mylar while the bottom was either non reflective or simply not catching the light. In that case it would have had to be changing it’s degree of tilt in relation to my point of observation in order to cause the on and off effect. However it’s trajectory looked straight, slow and steady. When lighted it seemed to be emitting light just like a bright star but I wondered if it might not simply be reflecting the sun. As the object moved far into the west and eventually went out of sight it continued to appear as thought the light were emitted from it. Im not sure if anything could change it’s position that much relative to my point of observation and still reflect the sun with the same intensity directly to my eyes. I have never seen anything like it and I’ll be watching for other reports about it. Some brief info on me: 19 years employed at UPS as receiving counter clerk, 14 years teaching art and music in state prison as a contract teacher for arts in corrections. Well known as an artist and musician in San Luis Obispo. Graduated California College of Arts and Crafts in Oakland California 1972 MFA with high distinction, major sculpture. Resided in San Luis Obispo for 35 years. My friend who was cooking breakfast and did not look at the object as much as I did is a well known musician and educator in Santa Barbara. He is a graduate of Cal Poly State University in San Luis Obispo where he received his teaching credential.;34.4301388888889;-119.718623202615
long ovel shape flying in the sky over Santa Barbara;2010-09-03 20:57:00;30 seconds;long ovel shape flying in the sky over Santa Barbara We were looking in the sky and saw a shape like a bird with a full open wing span about 30 - 40 thousand feet high.  It was moving from north to south cost.   What caught our attention was that it was a lighter blue than the sky with a very slight glow to it on the out side.  It never changed shape through out the duration of the sky we could see so it was not a bird and moved at least 3 to 4 times the speed of a boeing 747 at full flight.   There was no aircraft lights or sounds from it.  So what could it be?   It was so quick that we did not have time even to record it because it was across the sky within 15 seconds.;34.4301388888889;-119.718623202615
Another closeup.  ((anonymous report));2019-09-08 21:50:00;3 minutes;Another closeup Conditions at the time of the sighting were dark, clear, and windless. While driving southbound on the 154 at the dead top of the pass I witnessed what at first seemed to be a meteor flying directly overhead in the same direction as I.  San Marcos pass summit is at approximately 1000 m in elevation and drops rapidly to sea level.  At the summit there is a clear view out over the Santa Barbara channel for about one half mile. The initial brightness of the object as it passed directly overhead entering my field of view through the windshield is estimated at -8, i.e. much brighter than Venus.  Within seconds the object had descended to at or below my elevation and was approximately five miles ahead of me now directly over Santa Barbara town.  The brightness of the light did not change in this period even though I now witnessed it from behind rather than below.  Within thirty seconds the white light changed to red flashing port side and green solid starboard which seemed like domestic aircraft but the lights weren't distinct and separated as normal aircraft lighting is.  Both red and green lights displayed laser-like qualities rather than incandescent or led.  Furthermore the lights seemed to blend with one another to a degree as though seen through a haze.  The flashing of the red light was not metered in any sense either as though it was randomly flashing in about one second intervals. At this point my view was obscured (and I hadn't crashed the truck (I refer to this stretch as the death zone due to the number of car wrecks here)).  Within seconds the view opened back up and the uap was now at least fifteen miles to the southeast over the channel off Port Hueneme.  The light now appeared further away, but more intense which defies my understanding of the physics of light.  At this point my view was obscured. In retrospect I estimate the object traveled approximately 500' overhead at a rate of 1000 mph.;34.4301388888889;-119.718623202615
Another closeup.;2019-09-08 21:50:00;3 minutes;Another closeup Conditions at the time of the sighting were dark, clear, and windless. While driving southbound on the 154 at the dead top of the pass, I witnessed what at first seemed to be a meteor flying directly overhead in the same direction as I.  San Marcos pass summit is at approximately 1000 m in elevation and drops rapidly to sea level.  At the summit there is a clear view out over the Santa Barbara channel for about one half mile. The initial brightness of the object as it passed directly overhead entering my field of view through the windshield is estimated at -8, i.e. much brighter than Venus.  Within seconds the object had descended to at or below my elevation and was approximately five miles ahead of me now directly over Santa Barbara town.  The brightness of the light did not change in this period even though I now witnessed it from behind rather than below.  Within thirty seconds the white light changed to red flashing port side and green solid starboard which seemed like domestic aircraft but the lights weren't distinct and separated as normal aircraft lighting is.  Both red and green lights displayed laser-like qualities rather than incandescent or led.  Furthermore the lights seemed to blend with one another to a degree as though seen through a haze.  The flashing of the red light was not metered in any sense either as though it was randomly flashing in about one second intervals. At this point my view was obscured (and I hadn't crashed the truck (I refer to this stretch as the death zone due to the number of car wrecks here)).  Within seconds the view opened back up and the uap was now at least fifteen miles to the southeast over the channel off Port Hueneme.  The light now appeared further away but more intense which defies my understanding of the physics of light.  At this point my view was obscured. In retrospect, I estimate the object traveled approximately 500' overhead at a rate of 1000 mph.;34.4301388888889;-119.718623202615
