Huge chevron-shaped object seen above Burnaby, British Columbia at night.;2020-10-16 22:45:00;<1 minute;Huge chevron-shaped object seen above Burnaby, British Columbia at night. I am a fifty-nine year old male writer. My distance vision is excellent.  At about 10:45 pm, on October 16th, 2020, I was walking eastbound on Arcola Street in Burnaby, BC, Canada, near the Tommy Douglas library. The area is semi-urban.  I stopped to look up, south by southeast. The sky in that direction was mainly clear and Mars was very bright. Small cumulus clouds were blowing past rapidly, eastward, creating a picturesque view.  The clouds appeared to be at an altitude of about 1,000 feet over my position – roughly 1,400 feet above sea level.  I suddenly became aware of something unusual in my field of view: an extremely large, chevron-shaped object, moving at roughly the same altitude as the clouds blowing past. It was, however, flying directly opposite the direction of the clouds, westbound. It seemed to meander in the sky, following a curved path. Its speed was leisurely.  Given its approximate altitude, based on its interaction with the clouds, the object appeared to be several times the size of a Boeing 747. It showed no lights, but was illuminated by light sources on the ground.  I can only guess at the color of the object, as it seemed to reflect the ambient light, blending in with the color of the sky. Equally, it may have been semi-transparent. Its sharp, perfectly geometric shape, however, was highly visible.  I listened carefully and heard no sound whatsoever. A jet aircraft would have been extremely loud at that altitude.  (My location was about 26 km from the Vancouver International Airport in Richmond, B.C. (16 miles.)  The object did not follow a straight path, but curved back and forth in the sky, oddly like a gigantic bird riding the wind.  I was able to observe the object for approximately one minute. It moved steadily westbound, disappearing behind clouds low enough in the sky that my view became obscured by light pollution and I lost sight of it.;49.2483045584045;-122.976296296296
