The reports above you…;1970-06-08 00:00:00;0;The reports above you... Mr. Davenport Sir:  This is not  UFO report.  I have something I think might be an implant on my right thumb. This was not there a couple days ago. This looks like a small brown purplish color dot.  Before I have a weird small lump on that same hand above mu wrist.  Now that's gone.  This lump felt weird when I touched it.  Like it moved when I touched it.  Now it's not there.  I was wondering if that small lump moved under my thumb nail.  This is weird and I can not explain this. When I was in my teens I witnessed a what you might call a craft.  I was hitch hiking towards Port Hardy.  I know what a searchlight is.  This sighting was near the airport runway.  First is looked like a large flashlight beam of light coming from the skies.  It came down pretty fast.  Then it stopped.There were strobe lights on and off as it floated to the left very gently.  Then this craft floated behind the trees and I couldn't see it anymore.I finally got picked up for my ride.I told this guy what i seen he no interest in it.  That's my sighting. When I was younger, I started to have this thing they call flying dreams.  I was little then and we didn't know at that time what this was.  One dream I had I was walking towards the back yard of the house.I came a cross this small hobbit looking being sitting on a small rock.  It had this alien ears looking being I might say.  This little creature got up with a flash ran.  It was behind some large stinging nettles.  I placed my hands and divided the nettles trying to find this creature.  I did not even feel a thing when I touched the nettles.  I came a across my dads large fence and there inside was a some pulsating lights.  I did not know what this was.  It threw a beam of light rays through the fence.  Pulsating.  Then I woke up.I was about 8/9 years old then. The above stories are adding up to what going on with me.  Even though I am a 1st Nations and wondering why I am choosing for this events.  I am an artist and I did a painting of Jimmy Page playing a violin bow on his guitar.  On the top of the painting there's a UFO craft shooting a laser beam towards the end of the violin bow.  I placed a diamond on the end of the bow.  There's a small rainbow effects coming from it.  There is also a dolphin watching Jimmy Page playing this violin bow to.  I do not know why I have choosing a dolphin.  I still have that painting to this day.  It's on my website on page 2. http://sky-lite-stencils.bravepages.com  And I will stop here for the time being.   I am in Vancouver area living in Burnaby BC.   Thanks for your time.;49.2483045584045;-122.976296296296
On Friday evening, August 24th 2001, after shopping in Metrotown area of Burnaby British Columbia Canada, my husband and I were heading;2001-08-24 18:05:00;30 Minutues;On Friday evening, August 24th 2001, after shopping in Metrotown area of Burnaby British Columbia Canada, my husband and I were heading back in our car to our home of Surrey, B.C. when I looked up in the South West sky, I noticed a object that at first I thought was a blimp. The object was much higher in altitude than a blimp should be.  The alititude that this object was at was at least the cruising altitude of a aeroplane.  It was bigger in size than a aeroplane by a huge amount. The object was very stationary, and had a reddish rustic tinge of colour to it (there were no obvious trails of smoke, there was no movement from this object, it was just suspended there. I told my my husband look at that up there.  Of course, he was driving the car so he had a few seconds here and there to gaze up and look at this object.  He said that's strange what is that?.  I continued to observe the object in the sky, and he continued to drive the car as we were heading back to our home in Surrey, B.C.  We turned right onto a main road (called Willingdon Avenue) this road would lead us to the freeway back to our hometown.  The journey down Willingdon Avenue would probably take us about 7 minutes to get us onto the freeway. I kept my eyes on this object in the sky, as we travelled down Willingdon Avenue. I could see the object the whole time, aside from the occasional tree, in the way.  My husband glanced over many times to confirm for himself that it was still there.  So, for about the next several minutes, I observed the object sit there in the sky and not move at all.  As we now came in sight of the freeway sign to take us Eastbound back to Surrey, I looked behind me to get a fix on the object.  It was still stationary for a few more moments.  Then the object moved across the sky at an increadible speed towards the North West. I told my husband oh my god it's just moved over.  He said where, where?  I asked my husband to pull over and check this out.  We were on the left side of the HOV Lane (2 or more person freeway lane) we slowed down and stopped the car. (Not a particularly safe place to stop) but we both wanted to check this object out.  I told my husband look up there as I had been keeping very close tabs on where the object went.  The object now appeared as a dark dot in the sky.  The size of the object at this new location (North Western sky) was about the size at the end of a ballpoint pen.  The colour of the object now was black and the shape of this object from this distance appeared to be a circle.  The object was definately a lot further away than when originally spotted. My husband and I watched the black dot in the sky on the side the freeway. We were running out of time, as we had an engagement that evening downtown Vancouver,so we left from that location, and headed home. We could not believe what we had seen.  My husband said he had never seen an object move with that speed and could not imagine any man made engineered object with propulsion capabilities such as would move a great object of that size at the speed we witnessed. About 1 1/2 hours after we got home to Surrey, my husband and I, had to get back onto the freeway to go to our engagement with family members in downtown Vancouver.  I was again the passenger in the car, and we were now travelling West towards downtown Vancouver.  I was observant of the skys, and I was talking to my husband about the object the entire journey into Vancouver.  We were near the border of Burnaby and Vancouver (but still in Burnaby at this point), I noticed a black object, stationary in the sky again.  I said to my husband honey, If I told you I can see it again right now would you believe me!??.  He said what?  I told him pull over again and get a look at this.  He then looked up into the sky, it must have been around 7:30 - 7:45 pm and he couldn't believe his eyes. It was the object again, oval shaped and very dark black background, no light or colours eminating from it, just a large oblong/shaped thing in the sky.  We watched for a few minutes.  Again, we were very pressed for time, so we took off heading for the downtown part of Vancouver. All the way driving into downtown Vancouver , I was fixed on the object which didn't move location for a long time. I observed it for a least 10 minutes more, but after that, it seemed to be getting smaller (probably either moving away (such as going south or it was moving upwards towards the atmosphere), but it definately was going somewhere.  I lost complete sight of the object when we got to the location of 1st and Main Street in Vancouver. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and we found her to be exceptionally eloquent and credible.  We believe she is not describing here the laser-based advertising light, that apparently was seen over Victoria, B.C., later on the same night.  PD));49.2483045584045;-122.976296296296
