One of many;2008-03-06 20:00:00;1 hour;One of many My girlfriend and I were on our way home from the mall a couple of nights ago. We were laughing and singing along with the radio. I looked up into the sky and I saw a strange orange light. I felt almost hypnotized by it, then it disappeared. Immediately I told myself that it was only a glare from a passing vehicle. As I was turning to ask my girlfriend if she saw anything. She was actually turning to ask me the same thing. so was a loud, simultaneous, Did you see that!!?  Now skeptical, but still thinking logical, I assumed it was a cloud passing over a bright star. Or even a planet. That's when I looked and about 3/4 mile northwest of the initial observation. I saw another one and then another right next to it. Each time one appeared... one disappeared in a timed sequence, and in a perfect, counter clockwise circular motion. Like a domino effect. Now intrigued, I frantically rolled down my window despite the cold winter air. Just when I thought it was gone another sequence would appear. Each time it appeared to multiply or pulsate, and always in a perfect sequence. There were never more than three lights in each one. I saw a total of three individual sequences on the way home, (like a 5 minute time period). When we got back to the house my girlfriend was trying to convince me that it was probably a helicopter or something. It wasn’t. So now we're standing in the driveway waiting on these things to show up again. It didn’t take long for them to appear. This time there are 2 sequences in the sky at once about a mile apart from each other, (she no longer thinks its a helicopter), and we can barely see super small twinkling lights in between each pulse. I also noticed that there were suddenly several of the small twinkling lights all over the western sky, moving in random directions. some fast some slow. some times disappearing/appearing. I noticed a low distant rumbling during the sequences. Like an engine, or explosion, or breaking barrier. Every dog in the neighborhood was barking. Just as fast as the show started, it ended. I personally cant think of a logical explanation. Fireworks? In the winter, with no sound, and in 2 different parts of the western sky... doubt it. Maybe a flare? Why? and how so timed in 2 different areas? Could be a hoax... but someone would have to have a lot of time on there hands because I did some research on this today. I discovered several, damn near, to the T, same observation as me. not only that, they were in different years and in different locations. Something else I noticed in my findings is these sightings almost always occur in the western sky.;40.4803488188976;-86.1434157480313
The three bright objects seemed to be fading from dim to very bright for about fifteen minutes, just as we have seen before many times.;2008-11-16 18:32:00;15 Minutes;The three bright objects seemed to be fading from dim to very bright for about fifteen minutes, just as we have seen before many times. My fiance and I saw a bright light in the southern sky, about 10:00 high, while driving south on U.S. 31 heading home. It appeared to be about 5 or 6 miles away from us. As we came up to the intersection of U.S.26 and 31, a second object appeared to the left of the first. They were fading from bright to dim. As we turned the corner and pulled into our drive, we observed the the first object get very bright, then vanish. Then a third object appeared just left of the second one. They were about 2 miles from us at this point. They seem to have red and blue (or greenish) lights flashing when they became very bright. I watched them for about 10 minutes longer, fading in and out, then, they both vanished. There were clouds moving behind the ojects, so we know they were not stars. We have witnessed these kind of events many times from our back yard. We know they are not Air Force jet flares, because, the night after, when we have reported these events, the jets are in the same area as we report, shooting off flares. There is no comparison to the events we have seen to the flares. The following night, at approximately the same time, but closer to us, we witnessed the same event, except there were only two this time. The first showed up, fading in and out for about ten minutes, then the second showed up. I called my daughter, who said that one was over the top of her house. Then she said it dissapeared. About the same time, the first light seemed to have moved to the west close to the horizon, then shot off to the north. After about ten minutes longer, the second object, just seemed to fade out, and was gone.;40.4803488188976;-86.1434157480313
8-10 glowing orange red-ish orbs passing by as if migrating.;2016-08-19 18:56:00;4 minutes;8-10 glowing orange red-ish orbs passing by as if migrating This was a group or fleet of orange glowing orbs.  I live just outside my hometown Kokomo and Russiaville, Indiana.  I was on my way into work driving from 26 to Dixon road heading north towards Mikes Pizza and the Speedway.  At first I only saw a couple and thought it wasn't anything special because I always am searching the skies and usually find nothing.  There were a few ahead of the rest and at first I thought it was a few of planes, but they had no sound and glides like dancing orange balls.  2 leading and 1 dancing around them.   Have you ever watched how ash off of a campfire floats away off the amber?  This is how the entire group was moving but one of them seemed to enjoy moving back and forth up and down dancing with the rest in this same motion. As I passed Center round heading towards alto the orbs had fallen down a lot to a point where I could see very clear it wasn't any plane or flares.  I called my wife in excitement telling her I had just seen 3 orbs dancing in the sky heading from the west to the east, as if they were coming from Russiaville area.  As I quickly approached Alto road I was still looking around to keep my eyes on them.  This is when I noticed the massive group of about 7-8 more.  They were not in any particular order or formation. I quickly told my wife I would call her back because I had to get some kind of proof of what I was seeing.  I pulled over and got the best video recording of it on my phone.  Had I seen the entire group earlier I would have pulled off the road much earlier when I was closer to them to get a better recording.  They glided in the sky farther away and extremely quick as if they were just passing by and on a mission.  It was truly magnificent to see. In the short video clip, 975 o! f excitement I called them crafts but they weren't.  They were orange red -ish orbs and seemed very peacefully in the air.  This is the second event in Kokomo I have experienced but first time ever getting something caught on camera.  In 2008 and 2013 we had similar glowing orbs flying in the sky as well. When I was underneath them, they seemed to act alive and not like a vehicle of some sort.  My thoughts would be the orbs were entities themselves passing by or through our deminsion or realm.  They glided up and down and moved left to right in a clean soundless dancing motion.  This is why I did not think they were flares or Chinese candles.  They moved too quickly and decisively in an intelligent manor.;40.4803488188976;-86.1434157480313
