glittering white lights accompany bright orange spheres.;2000-11-15 20:00:00;1/2hour to 45min.;glittering white lights accompany bright orange spheres. Setting was dark and in farm country.Brilliant white (glitter like) flashes in the western sky above the tree lines but not overhead.These objects were moving around but in no particular pattern, Yet briefly staying in the same area of the sky. I didn't feel comfortable, so I turned my quad around in the field and headed back South towards home, when I felt compelled to turn around again and face Northwest.As I did I seen two of the (glitter like objects) moving off to the South in a arching pattern, and two moving north. Rate of speed excedes what I have seen from commercial and military aircraft at that elevation.Once they left my periffial vision two very large orange spheres approximatly 2 inches apart from my perspective, and half the size of a moon after 12pm. appeared (explosion like) in the sky in the same location all the previous (glitter) activity took place. These spheres lasted about 5 to 6 seconds, from appearance to fade. In a seemingly pulsating motion. Then again as many as 6 to 10 various (glitter) activity began again in the same area. The 4 that left the area returned as well. Being very alarmed by what I seen, I raced to the house and told the husband to come out and see if he could view the same. From the time he got on the quad with me and headed North the time we hit the field 5 minutes might have passed. We did see the various patterns of (glitter) activity Move from one lacation to another, always staying in that Western area. knowing they were (NOT STARS), His otherwise skeptical nature was lost. we continued North in the field for a block and turned aroun facing South when we stopped and turned out the lights. Then at that moment, the Nothern most orange sphere showed itself in the very same fashion and location as it had previosly. All the (glitter) activity then consintrated around it. He was thinking they were millitary jets, but the (glitters) were to eratic and in to close of proximity to each other for that to be possible. We did at that time return to our home uncomfo! rtable a nd baffled. I then took a vidio camera outside, I managed through the static on my camera to get some of the (glitter) on tape. During much of this activity there was a very low dull almost silent roar. Neither disipating or becoming closer. The sound as well was recorded on tape. After we were back in the house I tried to make several phone calls, but the phones were all a busy signal. About 20 minutes later, the folks I tried to call became available, none had saind they were on the phone at all.That it had to be our phone.;40.4803488188976;-86.1434157480313
