Bright light at high alt. traveling at very high rate of speed over Galloway NJ from S to N.  ((NUFORC Note:  Iridium flare?  PD));2014-09-01 20:35:00;45 seconds;Bright light at high altitude traveling at very high rate of speed over Galloway NJ from south to north. White light at very high altitude moving from south to north at high rate of speed.  Thought at first it was an aircraft, no position lights or strobes noticed.  Light flared bright for a second, then dimmed back down to the way it was when first sighted.  First noticed it overhead and just south of my position, was out of sight towards the north within about 45 seconds.  No tail noticed.  Sky was very clear and outside house lights were on and could see object clearly.   I have seen satellites before moving at this kind of speed, but never this bright and noticeable, especially with outside house lights on. ((NUFORC Note  We wonder whether the witness may have observed the characteristic flare, or reflection of sunlight, from an antenna on an Iridium satellite.  Such reflections can be seen from almost anywhere on the planet, and on almost every night.  PD));39.4722;-74.4566
Bright light making strange movements in the sky;2018-04-13 20:45:00;5 minutes;Bright light making strange movements in the sky @ 20:45 Walked outside and noticed what I thought were two bright stars next to each other in the sky, right then the one blinked out.  I was a little shocked.  It then blinked back on just below where it had been.   Then it fired up a bit like an Iridium flare, but it wasn’t moving, then blinked out again and moved lower in the sky, blinked on again, then out, then on and back in the original position.   I opted to run and get a camera when I got back out I only saw one faint light and a pale blue light dropping from it which I was unable to photograph in time.  Then nothing there at all.   Stayed a little while but they didn’t come back. Way to high to be drones.  I do a lot of sky watching and hope someone else saw these, very cool.;39.4722;-74.4566
