triangular shaped craft moves to join huge circular formation;2003-04-06 03:05:00;4 min.;triangular shaped craft moves to join huge circular formation The time change occurred this night. The time I recorded reflects that change. I recently purchased new binoculars (20X60) and that day had found a tripod adapter for them. A few minutes prior, I had finished focusing the binoculars on one of the brightest stars. I took a break for a few minutes to let my eyes adjust after having been looking at the brightness. After that, I had spent a while enjoying the magnification power of the binoculars, realizing how much of the night sky I'd been missing before. I would find an area of the sky to view, lock the tripod and binoculars into place, view for a while, then move to a different spot, and do the same thing. Once while doing this, after locking into place, I looked through the binoculars and saw that three stars were moving horizontally, simultaneously, across the viewing field. After they moved out of view I looked without the binoculars and realized they were quite visible with the naked eyes. To get a closer look, I unlocked the binoculars so that they remained on the tripod, but I was able to pan across the sky while looking through them. I realized then, that I could actually see a dark silhouette of a triangular craft. I watched it moving for about three minutes until the silhouette began to be difficult to discern, then the movement stopped. It was then that I noticed the outline of a HUGE circle. Like the triangle, the darker, black image was visible (only through the binoculars) against the background of an already pretty dark night sky. Without binoculars, the perimeter of the object was indicated by a circular (nonmoving) formation of lights, with one very bright light in the center and an average star-like intensity light down and left of the center light. Also visible without binoculars, was a circle of lights inside the larger circle. The front light of the triangle seemed to be a part of that circle, while the two rear lights of the triangle made up two of the ten lights of the perimeter of the circle. It was as if the tri! angle had moved into the pie shape, filling in one of the wedges. As I stood there, trying to make sense of it all, clouds moved in, obscuring all the stars. As I type this I feel like readers will find it laughable, but I swear I'm not crazy! I am levelheaded, don't drink, am a great Mother, graduated magna cum laude from college, am successfully self-employed, and am not a kook! ((NUFORC Note:  We are grateful for the report.  We have checked the <www.heavens-above.com> website, and there are no bright satellites that were visible over Isle of Palms at the time, and on the date, indicated.  Moreover, most satellites would not be visible at the time of morning indicated by the witness.  PD));32.7897;-79.7702
