We were looking towards the city of Charleston from the Isle of Palms when we noticed an extremely bight orange object moving slowly ac;1998-11-07 21:50:00;7-12 minutes;We were looking towards the city of Charleston from the Isle of Palms when we noticed an extremely bight orange object moving slowly acoss the sky.  The object was four times the size of the north star Polaris. It was at least 10 times brighter than the brightest star in the sky. At its brightest moment it appeared to have the structure of a cross which bulbed out at each end. It traveled N.W. to S.W. at a consistent speed and appeared to be floating, instead of being propelled across the sky. Between 7-10 minutes later, as it approached the South West, it came to a complete stop for about 10 seconds. Then between 5-8 smaller objects began to fall out of the larger object. The smaller objects which fell out of the larger one fell for 15-25 seconds.  Each object that fell from the larger one, fell straight to the earth for 2-3 seconds and then another one would fall. The smaller objects were extremely bright and moved at a high consistent speed. After each of the smaller objects made their way to the earth, the bigger orange object became less bright.  After the last small object fell, the larger orange object dissappeared for a split second and then re-appeared brighter than before.  This is when the cross shape structure of the object was visible. It remained at a dead stop for a few seconds and then dissapeared completely. My girlfriend and I have just recently moved to the Charleston area from Denver Colorado.  She was raised in Atlanta and I was raised in Denver, Colorado and Seattle Washington. She has been living on the Isle of Palmes for about five months.  On November 7, 1998, we had just returend from dinner.  It was between 21:50 and 22:00 when we both noticed a bright orange object in the North West.  There was no clouds in the entire sky. It was about four times the size of the north star and at least ten times brighter.  It was a bright consistent orange light and it never changed color or brightness until the end. It moved towards the South West, traveling very slowly at a very consistent speed.  It appeared to be floating instread of being propelled.  It made no sound. We watched it float across the sky for at least five minutes before it came to a complete stop in the South West sky.  It stayed there for about ten seconds. The stop was extremely sudden and abrupt. After about ten seconds, smaller objects began to fall from the large orange object. They fell for about 15-25 seconds and there was between 5-8 total objects that fell from the bigger one. They were very bright and fell extremely fast. Each small object fell for about 2-4 seconds and then another one would fall.  Each time a smaller object would fall, the orange object became less bright.  After the last small object fell the orange object dissappeared for a split second and then re-appeared brighter than before.  At the objects brightest moment, it appeared to have structure.  The structure resembled two perpendicular bars that bulbed out at the end.  My girlfriend discribed it as two dog bones perpendicular to each other.;32.7897;-79.7702
