Strange red lights over the ocean - Isle of Palms, South Carolina;2002-08-21 22:30:00;20 to 30 seconds;Strange red lights over the ocean - Isle of Palms, South Carolina Five of us, on vacation, decided to go for a walk on the beach at approximately 10:30 p.m.  All of a sudden a red light appeared in the sky, approximately 35 degrees in the air, over the ocean.  It looked like the headlight of an airplane, large and bright.  Quickly though, we realized the light was not moving and looked peculiar.  It was red and glowing.  Within about 5 seconds another red light appeared to its right.  This light was far away, perhaps 500 yards (just guessing here).  Suddently four or five more lights turned on sequentially between the two outside lights.  All the lights together seemed to make a formation.  I was looking through my binoculars and thought I could makeout the shape of an aircraft.  But it was hard to tell for sure if it was one aircraft, or two, or whatever.  If it was one aircraft, it would be the largest aircraft I have ever seen!  The lights did not appear to move at all and there was no sound.  Then, suddenly, and all at once, the lights blinked off.  Gone.  The was a very real and unusual sighting, leaving all of us scratching our heads.;32.7897;-79.7702
very bright orange light  moving steadily across the sky being pursued by an airplane;2003-01-17 00:30:00;7 minutes;very bright orange light  moving steadily across the sky being pursued by an airplane We live a few blocks from the beach on a barrier island outside of Charleston. Around midnight, several nights a week, I spend an hour or so on our third floor deck listening to the ocean, looking for shooting stars and satelites (wondering about UFO's). This night I saw a very bright (brighter than the bightest star/planet) orange light in the sky moving from the shore, inland WNW. It appeared lower than a plane when it is on approach and holding. Behind it was a jet. We live near an Air Force base and often see airplanes traveling in tandem, so I assumed it was a pair of Air Force jets although an object moving across the sky with nothing visible but a bright orange light, looked quite peculiar. Less than a minute passed when I realized I was observing a jet in pursuit of the orange light. The two traveled back and forth and up and down, with the plane clearly following whatever the orange light was doing. It really looked like a rather slow chase. They were both moving at about the same speed of an airplane on appraoch as well. After about six minutes, the plane followed the orange light SE and out of my view. On 23 January at the same time of night, my boyfriend and I saw the same orange light in the sky moving inland from the ocean. It was a cloudy night and it disappeared behind some clouds in under two minutes. There were no airplanes in pursuit.;32.7897;-79.7702
7 lights sighted off of Isle of Palms, SC, 9/14/09;2009-09-14 22:30:00;15-20 mins;7 lights sighted off of Isle of Palms, SC, 9/14/09 Me and and friend of mine were walking down the beach just left of the IOP pier when i was stoped in my tracks by 3 orange lights in a line with the middle one closer than the outside two.  The three ufo's started to rotate counter clockwise and another light droped staight down from the center at a rapid rate of speed about twice as fast as free fall.  All four of the lights disappeared and showed up three more times.  The second time it was only one light that stayed in place for 5 seconds and disappeared. The third time there were 5 lights that were seeming to be in a flight patteren.  The fourth time there were 7 lights in a line very close to each other rotating counter clockwise.  These lights were about 5-7 times the size of a Boeing 747.;32.7897;-79.7702
