On March 23rd 1987 at 0055 a object broke up above us to the left of salt river dam, and we heard a crash near weaver's needle.;1987-03-23 00:55:00;30 seconds;On March 23rd 1987 at 0055 a object broke up above us to the left of salt river dam, and we heard a crash near weaver's needle. ((name deleted)) and I ((name deleted)) were out exploring, earlier in the day checking out different parts of the Salt River Dam.  We ended up below the dam.  We were trying to catch fish in the puddles in an area that supports the dam -kind of like a second dam but not.  We became stuck in the sand with my mitsubishi mini pickup.  We'd jack it up and get out then get re-stuck.  We rested for a while and hiked around goofing off.  We didn't care we'd get out.  I'd turn on the headlights and light music and we'd fish from the head lights.  Then al of a sudden streaking through the sky we could see what ((my friend)) called a shooting star at first.  I said that isn't far enough away to be a shooting star and you can hear the damn thing.  As it got close we could immediately see it in several pieces spreading out.  We about 1/8 to a 1/4 mile away we watched a trasformer blow up into pieces.  Then seconds later we heard a distant crash noise.  We went home and told our friends and family.  We were listened to -politely, but not taken seriously because the MIR had broken up at the same time and landed in water.  Well, Wes and I believe that there is more to the MIR then meets the eye, and that more than one piece came down, multiple pieces came down.  We went back and looked around the desert where we thought the bigger piece(s) came down.  It was like looking for a needle in the hay stack.  As a matter of fact we figured it had fallen within a mile and a half from Weaver's Needle (a rock formation were gold is suppose to be hidden long ago).  Oh, I let a lot of air out of my tires to get all the way out of the sand -and drove to a gas station slowly!  Thanks,  RJ;33.39835;-111.5213
I saw three elongated oval lights in my peripheral vision. I quickly pulled off the dark highway and turned off my headlights. I watche;2017-05-11 22:00:00;15 minutes;I saw three elongated oval lights in my peripheral vision.  I quickly pulled off the dark highway and turned off my headlights.  I watched one hover over the mountain range and not move.  The one to the east went up then down behind the desert brush.   The one to the west kept flying up and down--back and forth--like it was playing.  This went on for a good 10 minutes then it finally went down into the brush and I could no longer see it.  The one hovering above the mountain range disappeared behind the mountain. I got back on the road went two miles, turned right and looked to the west and there was another one hovering over a house.;33.39835;-111.5213
