My son had just gotten a telescope for a birthday present in April 2018, and he and I were outside using it to look at the moon, and a;2018-05-01 20:00:00;30-90 minutes;My son had just gotten a telescope for a birthday present in April 2018, and he and I were outside using it to look at the moon, and a couple planets near by. I asked him what else he wanted to look at, so he turned around and was looking toward the Superstition Mountain(facing east now), looking for a star to pick. While he was looking, he pointed to a spot above the point of the mountain and hollered mom a flash! I looked and waited and saw the flash, so turned his telescope on it.  There were 2 bright lights, that could only be seen through the telescope, and they were white. Then a third one appeared and they moved into a triangle formation, after chasing each other around in the sky just above the saddle of the mountain, when looking from Apache Junction.  Once they settled into the triangle formation, they began crashing into each other, for lack of better description, almost in turns. When this happened, they would glow bright and then dim back down, and would change color as they got hit, almost like it was showing damage. They went from white, to green, to red to an orange or amber color. Every now and then, one of the lights would shoot off and disappear, and another would come back to replace it in just a few minutes.  This went on for at least an hour, until 2 extremely bright lights flew in from the south, moving like helicopters, and chased the color changing lights behind the mountain, where they did not reappear from behind of. These lights were only visible through the telescope, but the flashes could be seen with the naked eye. My son was very freaked out, and I was texting multiple people a play-by-play as it was happening, eyes glued to the telescope. I was unable to get any photo documentation due to this fact.  Times and dates are estimated, but within reasonable range. The event occurred between the middle of april to end of may, and it had been dark already for a while. I did not realize such a thing as this existed, or I would have reported this the moment it happened;33.39835;-111.5213
