While leaving my brothers nearby home (approx, 1 mile from my own) I was at first struck by the beauty of the night sky. The cresent mo;1999-04-18 21:00:00;2145;While leaving my brothers nearby home (approx, 1 mile from my own) I was at first struck by the beauty of the night sky. The cresent moon was bright enough to show the 'unlit' protion in silouqete. I then noticed that there was a blinking light near to the lower left of the cresent. It seemed about as far away as the moon itself. At first I wondered if it were perhaps a star that was partly obscured by the moon, but it blinked red,yellowish-white and blue regularly. I informed my brother and his wife to observe it as well. As we watched it for about 5 minutes or so it moved slighly beneth the cresent itself. I came home, a drive of a couple of minutes tops, and grabed my binoculars to observe it. It seemed to be in relativly the same position and viewing it thru the binoculars confirmed that the object was outside the orbit of the earth. In fact it seemed to be holding a position close to the moon itself. I continuted to observe it for 10 to 15 minutes and the object maintained its position continuing to flash in the same manner as before. I came in to phone a friend in central Illinois to see if he was able to observe the same thing near to the moon as I, but unfortunatly the moon had set already from his vantage point. I came outside some short time later (about 2140) and the object was still in the sky however its position was further below the setting moon than previously. See above;33.39835;-111.5213
Tinkerbell? ball of fast moving white light;2000-06-27 21:40:00;5 to 6 minutes;Tinkerbell? ball of fast moving white light Driving home from work ,  I had just  turned east on Mckellips rd. from Meridian  when I saw a ball of bright white light traveling east to west along the top of the mountains,  as it got to the large butt (Signal Butt?) on the east side of the Butt it stopped and went straight up and down twice then up once more went in a circle at the top.  On the second downward movement I saw light reflect on the side of the Butt. It went around the front of the Butt slowly.  I was stopped on the side of the road watching this ,  when I first stopped I called a friend to have him mark the time and listen to me. I decided to get home and get my bionoculars, when Idid this the ball of light was gone.  I could just kick myself for not waiting to see how it left! and in what direction, etc.  I watch the skies often, I now what aircraft look like, falling stars, meteors,  but I have never seen anything like this before! VERY white, bluewhite, fast silent reminded me of Tinkerbell in Peter Pan.;33.39835;-111.5213
There were 4 very bright unusual lights appearing suddenly & disappearing just as suddenly.;2001-06-09 21:00:00;3 min.;There were 4 very bright unusual lights appearing suddenly & disappearing just as suddenly. At 9pm in the lower southeast sky suddenly 4 very large very bright lights appeared at different highths but close together. They were a yellow color, the sky was black since the moon wasnt up yet. We live out in the country away from city lights. After about 3 minutes they just disappeared one at a time. ((NUFORC Note:  NUFORC has received many reports of unidentified yellow lights seen in the night sky above Arizona since February 2000.  We do not know if they are generated by the same source, or whether they are of terrestrial origin.  Please seen other reports from Prescott, Baghdad, Bouse, Tucson, and other locations.  They have been reported from other states, as well.  Please see multiple reports from Rockford, IL.  PD));33.39835;-111.5213
Red and blue over Superstition Mountain;2003-08-30 04:30:00;ongoing;Red and blue over Superstition Mountain We saw a light in the sky,hoveing Southeast of the Superstition Mountains, in Pinal county. As we observed it, we realized it was flashing red and blue lights. At first we thought it was an airplane, but the lights were flashing too rapidly, and it was just hovering, not moving. Then we got a set a binoculars, and we saw distinct lights, red and blue. We don't know that this is a UFO, but we are sure hoping that it is. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the first possibility to be addressed would be a twinkling star.  PD));33.39835;-111.5213
BRIGHT MOVING LIGHT FADING IN AND OUT VERY LARGE VERY BRIGHT OVER EASTERN SUPERSTITIONS;2004-07-18 03:00:00;hour;BRIGHT MOVING LIGHT FADING IN AND OUT VERY LARGE VERY BRIGHT OVER EASTERN SUPERSTITIONS;33.39835;-111.5213
2 big, white orbs of light spotted near the Superstition Mountains.;2008-05-04 08:00:00;1 to 1 1/2 hours;2 big, white orbs of light spotted near the Superstition Mountains. When I was waking-up, I went outside to smoke a cigarette and have some coffee. When I sat down to my patio table, I noticed my plants looked different, more vibrant, as if I was wearing rose tinted glasses. I dimissed it, but then I noticed that the birds that come to my yard were absent, and it was extremely quiet. I was very confused, because I have so many birds that come all day, and this was strange to me. While looking in the sky, trying to spy any birds I noticed a very big, and bright orb of white light. It was very high up, traveling in a rapid path from the east towards the west. As I watched it for awhille, a second orb appeared along side of it. They flew in tandem for what seemed like 5 minutes. Then the second orb turned bright red, then disappeared. Then I thought about waking my boyfriend up, to watch it with me, and just then it vanished in thin air. I went outside at about 8am and when it was over, the clock said it was 9:38. It seemed like 15 minutes. I have also noticed strange electrical phenomena occuring when I walk past electronics, I seem to set them off. I'm very befuddled by the whole experience. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));33.39835;-111.5213
Just wanted to confirm the Queen Creek, AZ sigthing;2009-03-14 19:30:00;30 sec;Just wanted to confirm the Queen Creek, AZ, sigthing. I was the same lights at that time.  This sighting was in my back yard. I saw what appeared to me to be two blue colored lights, when I frist saw them they were not moving.  Maybe 30 secounds and then they moved up at a arch into the S.E. sky,  And like the Queen Creek sighting they just faded to nothing. There speed was amazing.;33.39835;-111.5213
Helicopter chases white light  at high speeds over Apache Junction, AZ near Mesa border.;2011-03-09 19:30:00;3 min.;Helicopter chases white light  at high speeds over Apache Junction, AZ near Mesa border. I came home from my parents house and my neighbors are outside.  I am talking with my neighbors when I stop them mid sentance because I see several hovering lights and one that is very close.(mabey 10 miles away). I came to find out later that the other lighs were jets on a particular flight path, and are completely explainable. But there is one light that is not. the one that was really close. I hear an apache, well what I am assuming is an apache coming from the southern part of the sky, from what I am guessing is williams air force base. I thought at first that the white light was the helicopter until the helicopter came in to view and started to chase the white light. It chased the light at very high speeds probably 200+ miles an hour and was as close to him as one football field at times. I remarked that it was strange that the light wsa heading in the opposite direction as us yet we could still see it's headlights. I also said it is strange because plan! es aren't allowed to get that close together. The only was it makes sense to me in my head is if an orb of light with intelligent control was either being held by a silent helicopter which had no flasher and pretty good but not to fantastic maneuvering capability better than the one that was chasing it at least.  or being moved under it's own power.  I think mabey the light was something that the helicopter was supposed to follow as like training or somehting it didn't make a lot of sense in my head so I thought i would report it. I googled it before I came here and see that alot of people have seen what I have, there is even pictures.I don't know if this is explained or not actually. But it was really strange. On my way to work in the morning there was an commercial on the radio that talked about car accidents , news and aparently they said that there would be planes doing training excercies, at wiliiams throughout the day. was it the night before too?;33.39835;-111.5213
Bright white light that changed colors red greed but was no sound and hovered over the Superstition Mountains then went straight down.;2014-03-30 01:00:00;20 minutes;Bright white light that changed colors red greed but was no sound and hovered over the Superstition Mountains then went straight down right above houses then went back up above the mountain several times before we went inside do to the hour of night/early morning tried to record with phone but it was too dark 100% sure it could not have been a plane or helicopter it definitely was a UFO no idea what else it would have been with no sound and the high and low dropping;33.39835;-111.5213
I witnessed a hovering line of super bright white lights  over the Superstition Mountains . I first noticed these lights because of the;2014-12-22 21:30:00;20 minutes +;I witnessed a hovering line of super bright white lights  over the Superstition Mountains . I first noticed these lights because of there super bright lights.  I tried to dismiss it as a helicopter but the lights did not flash like beacon lights do on a aircraft. There were approx, 4 to 7 lights that i could make out.  They weren't in a perfect linear straight line ,they started from the front  which my guess would  of looked like it was pointed south  and the straight line angled downward about 9 or 10 degrees then straight again.  I first started watching the lights over the Superstition Mtns when i was leaving work off of Baseline and Country Club in west mesa.  The lights hovered and stayed still all the way till I got to Meridian and apache trail in AJ.  That's 20 minutes of driving on the Rte 60 heading east.  They were high above the mountain and stayed there till i got 2 other guys to look.  They just said, THEY'RE EVERYWHERE now!!;33.39835;-111.5213
Bright green light moving in every direction before shooting up and disappearing.;2015-04-15 23:15:00;5 minutes;Bright green light moving in every direction before shooting up and disappearing. There was a bright green light over the superstition mountain moving up then would twirl down before shooting back up and staying stationary for a few seconds making it look like a bright green star.   After about a minute it started to go in all different directions before doing circles and then doing figure eights.   I went to record it and my phone started acting weird, froze then died (after putting it on the charger for 2 seconds to turn it on, the battery had 30% and was not dead).   I went back out to see the light had moved south and was twirling down and shooting up then it fell down, shot up quickly and then disappeared with a small flash.   We continued to watch for 1 minutes and not one light was in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.39835;-111.5213
I received a phone call stating that I needed to go outside and look at the lights over South Mountain.;2016-10-26 22:15:00;~7 minutes;It's October 26th, and I was sitting watching TV I received a phone call stating that I needed to go outside and look at the lights over South Mountain because there was 5 of them and they hadn't moved.  I went outside still on the call with the individual I was speaking with.  I came out the garage looking west across the street, and witnessed the lights in the sky that were over South Mountain from our driveway I could look West and over the garage and the neighbor's house you can see the orbs that were flashing in the sky they would get brighter and then diminish in brightness.   I got off of phone.  I opened my video camera on my phone and started getting what I could of what I was seeino.  It was pretty amazing.  I've never seen anything like that ever!  5 orbs all hovering in the sky.  Together not moving.  In a second at 2216 the orb on south side of group vanished.  At that point there was now 4 of them together in the sky 3 looking like a stoplight figuration stacked and then one look as it was moving towards the Southwest because it got smaller and higher and then you can still see there was three that still look like they were stacked on top of each other and the way that they were stacked it didn't look like they could be aircraft at least not commercial planes anyhow.  Tthen two proceeded rather quickly to continue out into the North Area of the sky ratherrather.  They just went out of eye sight. the other one just kind of hovered in the air and then went up and disappeared. that I got  on video.  for a while you could see it flashing different colors before it was gone.  Then, I looked to the north again.  Out of nowhere there were 2 very bright light that flashed and they look like they were hovering in one spot their brightness was very noticeable.  Much like dimmer switch. they were in one spot then would separate. and then they proceeded to get even brighter and I was able to get that on my camera then I came back to look in the same spot over across the street in the sky.  And it was back!  Bright and it looked like it was getting closer and bigger and brighter and then it started to get smaller as it look like it was climbing in elevation on a 60* angle, across the sky coming towards the east.  It moved across the sky above our north  corner of the house out here in Apache Junction I watched it come all the way from the other side of the valley over South Mountain toward my home, and its lights just disappeared.  The lights cut smaller as it got closer and went up.  There was no sound no nothing. It was gone like it went right up.  Nothing like an aircraft when it goes by over head, you hear jets.  I was coming back in and then all the sudden I heard this loud deep rumbling and you couldn't see lights or anything just a odd void.  I have it on video.  Then I started looking up airport flights etc to rule out planes.  I could not believe I witnessed this.  I began to fill out report sitting on my truck when my neighbors friend walked over asking what that noise was.  He was waiting smoking a cigarette, and asked if I seen the weird lights. and then I heard that odd deep rumbling again.  The guy was looking around to see where it was coming from.  He could not see anything nor could I.  That was at 2249..I was working on report so I looked at time on phone.  I and this other guy witnessed a black void go across the sky fast towards the east like the other one.  Only a little further north. It looked to be above the houses next to field.  The guy grabbed my arm when he seen it first, (as I was looking up), pointing at it.  About 6 seconds later we heard another rumble.  I decided I had enough so did he.  He went back to friend's house.  I came in to finish report.;33.39835;-111.5213
Yellow round flashes;2017-02-12 22:15:00;Round flash;Driving home in AJ, me and my girl saw 2 huge yellow round flashes of light just off the horizon to the west, over phoenix area.  About 2 minutes apart, the second one looked like it might have been lightning in the clouds, but didnt see arcs, it was yellow, and lightning tracker showed clear skies all the way to california.;33.39835;-111.5213
