Fuzzy black object, followed by a helicopter;1998-02-03 02:45:00;< 2min.;Fuzzy black object, followed by a helicopter On the 3rd of Feb. 1998 . I was camped out about 12 miles south east of Apache Junction , up in the foot hills . It was a heavy over cast night with occasional heavy rain , I camped on the top of a ridge so as to not get caught in a flash flood . At 2:45 AM I was awoke by the thud, thud, thud of a choppers rotor . I sat up and out of the NNE direction ,about 1/4 mi. I could see a chopper with a rotating red light , coming straight at me . because I was on a ridge, I was at the same level as it was comming down the vally next to the ridge. The shocker was that it was following a black object that was smaller then the chopper and they were about 40 ft off the ground . The black object made no noise and I could not determine the shape , it was like looking at a blacker then black moving hole . When they went by at about 25 yards from me I noticed that the following chopper was a CIVILIAN not military chopper . The chopper had a two tone paint job, white on light gray or blue with a red rotating light on the under side. The chopper was about 50 yards behind the object and I watched as they flew by me and across Hwy. 60 , at about 35-40 MPH, heading SSW .;33.39835;-111.5213
A group of three encounter a formation of 10-12 ships that interacted with the group, and made close visual inspection possible.;1999-10-19 22:00:00;5-8 hours;A group of three encounter a formation of 10-12 ships that interacted with the group, and made close visual inspection possible. We were east of Phoenix, AZ in a place near the Superstition Mountains called Canyon Lake.  We arrived at an observation point that included a small parking lot and a roofed scenic looking area.  It oversaw Canyon Lake and its surrounding mountains.  We all proceeded to leave the vehicle and stepped out to the railing that protected one from a fall down the observation point's steep rocky terrain.  It was a very clear night with no wind.  It was warm enough where you would not need a jacket.  We then began looking towards the horizon line above the mountains where we noticed a formation of lights that encircled the canyon area.  Some of them were actually inside of the canyon.  We didn't say much at first because they were about a 1/2 mile to a mile away and shape and dimension were lost especially at night time.  We then pointed them out to each other speculating as to the nature of these lights.  Helicopters?  Airplanes?  There is after all an airport due west in Phoenix about 30-50 miles away.  We slowly began to realize that these UFOs were not moving in any conventional manner. we counted from between 10 to 12 of these objects.  And they began moving in a westerly direction right towards us.  The closer they got the more detail we could interpret.  Some of the craft appeared to be scanning the ground below with a white light beam and thats when we realized exactly what we were looking at.  There appeared to be about 10-11 disc/saucer type craft and one or two flagship type craft.  One ship appeared to our right and we could make out its very large size and the fact that it did not make ANY noise whatsoever.  This was one of the flagship type.  It was large, football field size, octogonal with a series of lights (white, blue and red) that went at differing patterns on the bottom and sides of the ship.  The craft underneath was whitish/tanish and the foreward area was very dark and shaped like a boomerang.  (My speculation is that it protects the ship through high radiation activities and is! dark be cause it is thick lead plating.)  It had several compartments underneath and a command area of some sort.  It had no markings of insignias.  It moved 20-35 MPH and soon disappeared behind some mountains.  We became shocked into a half fear half awe state.  Another ship may have noticed this and came up from behind a Prudential looking mountain and emitted a blue light beam at us.  It then generated a great wind or force of some sort that coupled with the blue light had a very calming effect on us.  It seemed to energize us and we could feel our chi-energy accelerate.  We began doing tai-chi type physical movements while they seemed to communicate with us telepathically.  The images and messages to seemed to be sharing with us we later verified the same experiences.  It then stopped after about perhaps 5-10 minutes.  Then another ship that appeared to be scanning to the left of us stopped its strobing light beam, elevated and turned towards us very deliberately.  It began moving at us and we proceeded to reenter our car.  It slowly came right over our car.  We rolled down our windows and studied it while it went past.  This description matches the flagship from above.  Definitely octogonal with a series of lights and ducts or compartment passageways evident underneath with a command center complete with boomerang shaped forward area.  And again it made absolutely no sound. Somesort of anti-gravity drive to be sure.  Our car was not on and we had no other electronical devices so performance interference was not monitored.  It then went behind us and disappeared behind some mountains in the east.  The other remaining craft all slowly disappeared before sunrise.  We explored the areas that we could access and found no traces of their visit.  Perhaps they were searching for a mineral or have a base nearby.  Maybe they were sightseeing. We KNOW they were NOT any terrestrial technologies responsible for these ships. We returned every weekend after and experienced many more UFO encounters but have ! never th ought to bring a camera and two of us no longer live in the area. ((NUFORC Note:  Report seems to be serious-minded.  Witness identifies himself.  PD));33.39835;-111.5213
half-moon shaped objects that just winked out;2005-10-10 09:00:00;30 seconds;half-moon shaped objects that just winked out While driving west on the us60 hiway, I looked up and observed two half moon shaped craft that appeared to have like a tail wing almost translucent,  I watched them for about 5 or 6 seconds and then they where just gone.   Later on my return trip I again observed 1 craft on the east side of the hiway I watch it for about 10 seconds and it also then just disappeared. background: BA in computer information systems MA organizational management married 28 years raised 4 children;33.39835;-111.5213
Green beam from 3-5 miles alerting us to its location 7 times, lasting 30 minutes.;2018-05-08 00:00:00;30 minutes;Green beam from 3-5 miles alerting us to its location 7 times, lasting 30 minutes. My sister and I were driving a back road.  A green beam from 3-5 miles away shot a straight beam at us.  My eyes still hurt.  It repeated 7 times at first it seems it was a lost hiker.  I pointed me headlights at the light and turned them off and on.   The light appeared to climb the mountain side very quickly.  The it became 2 light sources.  Sudden flicker appeared as stardust, then again back to a green beam.   I flashed a flashlight in flames of 3 hoping for more communication.  And only a faint light remained then disappeared.   The event lasted about 30 minutes.  This was not my first encounter, just a new experience!;33.39835;-111.5213
Omg.   I was just out back and towards Florence southeast of the valley I saw 3 distinct separate bright lights a distance from each ot;2018-05-16 20:57:00;2-3 minutes;Omg.   I was just out back and towards Florence southeast of the valley I saw 3 distinct separate bright lights a distance from each other a  white bright light it flashed, stayed on about 3-4 seconds as it turned off sent light to second beam out of nowhere and flashed off a beam to another bright light that turned on and off and a third light that flashed on and off happened three distinct times.  Three distinctive connected lights shooting beam to next light when other went off it shot white beam  to next one it went off other went on.  I believe it was triangular.  Although didn’t see a craft outline.  The three distinct white lights were I believe triangular If they had of been lit all at once.  It disappeared as quickly as it came it wanted to be seen.   Did anyone see them????  Omg too cool never have I seen something like that.  Happened at 8:57 pm      Not as big as moon but bigger than Venus very white bright light big.  Lasted less than 2/3 minutes.  It was freaky and exciting all at once.  Not anything I have ever witnessed.  It was east of Apache Junction just south of Superstition Mountains out towards Florence, Az. or Superior, Az.  What a sight.;33.39835;-111.5213
