Very bright object coming down from the sky that was not a meteor.;2013-03-27 03:29:00;~10 seconds;Very bright object coming down from the sky that was not a meteor. The UFO appeared to be be a translucent blue in color. It came down falling from the sky looking towards the West. It was similar in nature to a shooting star or meteorite sighting. Although there were a few major differences that certainly made it very easy to distinguish that it was not a meteor sighting. I have seen many meteorites and this certainly was not. Indeed it did look like a teardrop shape. It resembled the teardrop type ornaments you might see on a Christmas tree. I saw this with a friend. We were both sitting in our vehicle. Immediately upon seeing this the both of us went into shock.  I screamed out something about it as did my friend at the same instant.  The object moved very slowly. It moved about triple the time slower than a typical shooting star would. The object was also incredibly bright. So bright that it lit up our surroundings. It kind of reminded me of when I have shot tracer rounds out of a rifle. Except this object was much slower! . It appeared to be dropping down in elevation. Unlike a shooting star that would move across the sky. This object came down from the sky. We both then proceeded to discuss what we had just seen. We both had exactly the same impression and feeling that this certainly was not a meteor. We both felt that this was not normal. We both felt that we had just seen something very special. I have a background that involves me being familiar with all kinds of aircraft. Military and civil. 5 minutes after we witnessed this a aircraft did come into the area. It was indeed a military aircraft. The aircraft had its navigation lights turned off. It turned them on and then back off. I do not believe that we could have been the only 2 to experience this. Even though it was 3:29 in the morning I am sure somebody else must have been awake in this area. It could not possibly be missed. It was just so bright. I came here to report this in the hopes that somebody else saw what we saw too. Or per! haps somebody may have some insight into what we saw. Thank yo! u for re ading.;49.2815;-122.847
