The widely seen BLACK TRIANGLE UFO;2001-02-10 21:00:00;3 mins;The widely seen BLACK TRIANGLE UFO I am almost certain this is the black triangle UFO that many have spotted before. It hovered just above the tree line in Abita Springs for a few mins, I was in my friends car, the passenger seat and him driving. I spotted and he confirmed it was out of the ordinary. From what I can tell, being at night, it was a large, black triangle moving very slowly. There may have been three lights, not sure... was just in awe when I saw it and didn't pay notice to the details. We turned the radio off to see if we could hear anything, but we heard no sound coming from this craft. If it were a regular craft, even with the radio on we'd still be able to hear it. As we drove on it disappeared behind the tree lines, whether it did or disappeared altogether I'm not sure. My brother claims there is an airbase somewhere near because he always hears army helicopters in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));30.4831;-90.0013
Triangle 'floating' in the sky and observed between tall pine trees;2004-08-19 15:05:00;1 minute;Triangle 'floating' in the sky and observed between tall pine trees I did see something in the sky August 19th 2004 around 3pm CDT in Abita Springs, Louisiana. From my porch, I saw a triangle of 3 white/silver balls/cones in the sky between two tall pines. My first reaction when I saw it was:  What the hell is THAT !! The 'interior' of the triangular object seemed to be almost invisible from my viewpoint. I saw it at about a 45 degree angle, not directly up, therefore the 3 'balls' or 'cones'were close together and it was difficult to judge thickness of the body. The left and right ball/cone was toward me, the center one, the middle one, a bit more forward on the object. There were distinct lines on these balls/cones, perhaps like on booster rockets or similar to propulsion engines. The object could have been fairly close, not too far away, or it could have been higher in the sky from another viewpoint and then perhaps much larger. Don't know how to draw the body shape at the angle I observed it at.... (Sending photo of the trees/sky where the object was seen.My drawing is not good, but this is how I saw it with the approximate color and size. Photo was taken after the sighting so I could draw the object in while fresh in my memory.) Hard to say if the left and right tips were rounded or not, my minds memory says they were rounded, nothing protruding out from over the balls/cones. The 'object' didn't change in its shape, just 'floated' for close to 1 minute. Suddenly it turned left (north) (behind the left pine tree in the photo) in a perfect triangular shape. I was perplexed. Got my camera and continued looking up at the sky from my porch. About 20 min. later, a silent triangular object flew high in the sky at a much faster speed than an aircraft. No sound. It went right overhead, reflecting a light orange/amber hue through a thin mist or haze.....on what looked like a metallic body. There was not a cloud anywhere in the sky and many hours till the sun would set the orange/amber hue must have come from the object itself. I took 3 pictures, all had bright blue sky, no mist or clouds around. The object went over too fast to capture on my Sony digital camera. Former airline employee, retired.;30.4831;-90.0013
