Three small white lights in triangle formation flew over head at night then disappeared suddenly.;1998-10-06 20:45:00;12 - 16 seconds;Three small white lights in triangle formation flew over head at night then disappeared suddenly. A friend and I were observing the night sky when I spotted 3 white lights flying overhead in a formation of a triangle. No other lights were noticed in between the other white lights. These lights were very high up, probably much higher than any air plains that fly over and the three white lights were the same size as many other stars, as well as being as bright as many other stars. The reason it caught our eye was the formation the three white lights were flying in and they remained in that position flying at a steady pace overhead towards south Jersey. There was also no sound, it was very quite. The sky was very clear. While quietely watching the triangle of three lights fly over head in a straight line a sudden scurry of birds flew out of the trees behind us very quickly. I always thought it was unusual for many birds to want to fly in the dark especially in an area without much light around. After about 12 - 16 seconds of watching the flight pattern, we watched as the one front light went out (disappeared) quickly, which then the second white light then went out about a second after the first one and then the third light went out, dissappeared, after the second one, until there were no more lights to be witnessed. It was'nt that the object had flown way out of our sight and slowly faded out, rather it had not flown that far off before the lights started to go out one by one. I did not have my camera equipment with me on this night. Now a days my camera equipment goes every where with me. We had never seen an air craft with lights like this do this sort of thing. It had also seemed that this craft had to of been very high up because of the size of the lights and could not get an idea of speed. After we calmed down and discussed what was unsual with this object compared to an air craft/ air plane we finally headed home. When I came back home my cable was out and was unable to watch t.v., not that this could have anything to do with this event, but it did'nt help me to relax that night. I am a nature photographer of 4 years, my friend was in the Navy in the past. We had become interested in unusual sightings and have witnessed a few before and after this particular event and had become very good at knowing what does not move, or act like any air craft and if something does not have the normal lighting to an air craft. I would only be interested in being contacted for information by email or snail mail. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witness was watching a group of three satellites, which were orbiting in formation.  We believe that they are launched periodically by the U. S. Navy, and we believe that they are referred to as the N.O.S.S. satellites.  PD));40.1393;-74.4605
