UFO Sightings in New York State similar to those reported on the June 20, 2012 Coast to Coast AM show.;2012-06-16 22:20:00;3 separate 1-10 min;UFO Sightings in New York State similar to those reported on the June 20, 2012 Coast to Coast AM show. UFO  Report to NUFORC    I have experienced three UFO sightings, one with my daughter, one alone and most recently with my daughter’s boyfriend.   I had no intention of reporting my experiences until I received the Coast to Coast AM e-mail update on the June 20, 2012 show dealing with red-orange-yellow spherical UFO’s.   This is exactly the type of UFO I experienced all three times and the C2C show inspired me to report my experiences to NUFORC.  I did not have any way or chance to video any of these sightings.  The first sighting was my very first experience and it happened approximately 11:15 pm about 10 miles north of Syracuse , NY on August 30, 2011.  I pulled over to the side of the road, got out of the car and watched the object approximately 10 minutes until it “disappeared” instantly.  It was moving very slowly overhead at maybe 2000 feet from NW to NE moving maybe a quarter of a mile along a straight path at constant altitude. There was no sound at all.  It appeared to be “pulsing” from red-orange and some yellow, kind of like a “glowing” ball almost like “fire”.  It was hard to estimate the size of the object  but it was larger than the lights of a landing aircraft or helicopter and much larger than when Venus was very visible this spring. (2012)   I KNOW it was NOT an aircraft, planet, balloon, flare, parachute or star.  I wonder if it could have been a secret military drone.  The following two sightings were essentially “identical” to the first in the appearance and characteristics of the objects.  The second sighting occurred on June 14, 2012 at approximately 8:45pm in  Oswego, NY.    The object moved in a straight line NW to N. I observed it for about one minute and it moved out of site...it did not disappear. The last sighting was June 16, 2012 about 10:15 pm also in Oswego, NY.  It moved in a straight path S to N over the roof of my house I estimate at 2000 feet.  No sound and VERY slow and we observed it for about 5 minutes when it “disappeared” instantly. I KNOW it was not an aircraft, balloon or satellite . There was one difference in this object over the first two. I wear glasses and the object was so bright that it seemed to cause “ radiant spikes” from the general spherical shape. I took my glasses off and these “spikes” disappeared and I was able to make out a king of pulsing between the spherical shape to a kind of cubical-elongated shape. This made me think of a military drone of some kind.   I have no idea what my 3 UFO’s were other than “unidentified.”;43.2458;-76.3081
Ball of light seen in night sky.;2015-07-03 21:20:00;15 minutes;Ball of light seen in night sky. On Friday, July 3rd, 2015, at 9:20pm, as I was leaving the Nice-n-Easy parking lot in Phoenix, NY, I saw a stationary object in the southern sky above St. Stephen’s Church.  I extended my left arm toward the object and raised my thumb as a reference for size.  This object was the size of my thumbnail.  I estimated it to be approximately eight hundred feet above the ground.  I based this estimate on the objects location in relation to the peak of St Stevens Church below it, and the cumulus cloud cover behind it.  I would describe this object as a ball of light.  It was bright red, and twinkled orange to yellow at its core.  I had determined at this point it was not an airplane, helicopter, drone, or fire work flare.  It was stationary.  There was no sound associated with the object. I drove out of the parking lot on to Culver Street and traveled west intending to cross the bridge to lock island.  I continued to view the object.  I slowed down in order to observe the object for three or four seconds at a glance.  The object was now moving west parallel to my line of travel.  It had matched my speed of fifteen miles an hour and was visible at sixty degrees to my left as I traveled South West.  While I was on the bridge I again compared the object to the landscape and my thumb nail.  The cumulus cloud cover remained a reliable reference in the background.  It was now just above the trees located in the area of the old paper mill.  I estimated the object to be approximately two hundred feet above the ground.  Its size was still consistent with my thumbnail. I continued on Lamson Road and turned onto Pendegast Road. After traveling only a short distance, I pulled to the side of the road.  The object was behind me.  I stepped out of my truck.  At this point the object passed very close to me, approximately fifteen degrees off my zenith.  As the object moved in front of me I began to record it on my cell phone.  It was now in front of me traveling in a Northwest direction.  The object climbed steadily and maintained a trajectory of approximately sixty degrees above the horizon. The length of my recording was forty-one seconds. The time stamp of the recording was 20150707_213513.  I estimate the entire event lasted approximately fifteen minutes. If you have questions please contact me I would be happy to talk with you.;43.2458;-76.3081
