It  had my head in a vice-like grip and was reading me.;1994-05-05 02:00:00;5 minutes;It  had my head in a vice-like grip and was reading me. It wasn't SEEN,it was heard.Read the whole story,as it is weird. The head of my bed is up against my bedroom window.  I was asleep,when i woke up to noises like a computer beeping directly behind my head-outside of the screen (the window was open).  More like spaceship's computer beeping noises, like on old TV shows.  I tried to turn my head to see what it was,but i was unable to move my head at all.It was like it was in a vice.I could sense that my brain was being read,and i mean that i was CERTAIN!  I thought maybe i was dreaming,but couldn't shake it,and started to get scared.I heard my daughter in the kitchen(right next to my room)and so i tried to yell for her,but i wasn't making any noise!So I tried,and with ALL of my might,to scream her name.This time it worked,and she came running.I still couldn't move,by the way.She opened the door and saidwhat's wrong? So i yelled(since i couldn't move still,and the noise continued)The light!Turn on the light!  As soon as she did,the noise stopped and i could move. As creepy as this was,I figured it was a dream.But my daughter insisted that I sleep on the couch,and I was happy to comply!  Anyway,I pretty much dismissed this,but the next morning when we went out onto the porch,we looked at the huge tree behind my window.I have a second floor apartment,and this tree is so big and heavy with leaves that it hangs over the porch.Until THIS morning--most of the branches and some of the leaves were still there,but all of the bark had been stripped off the tree!!OVERNIGHT!! And the tree is in the exact spot where the noise came from!  By the next day,the tree was dead.This was a healthy,green and leafy tree! If it weren't for the tree,even though i was sure that i was NOT dreaming,I'd still believe i was asleep.But what about the tree? ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));43.2458;-76.3081
Orange light flying away from an airplane, then vanished.;2014-05-25 22:50:00;3 minutes;Orange light flying away from an Airplane, then vanished. Was standing in Down by the boat launch in phoenix fishing.  Looked away from the dam and saw two lights.  One was white, and one was Orange and they appeared to be moving away from one another.   As the White one got closer to my location I could see that it was a plane, due to the red and white blinking lights on the bottom.  The orange one had vanished from sight at that point.  I turned back to look at my fishing pole and I noticed that the orange one was now flying a crossed my field of view. as it flew past there was no sound, no blinking lights.  It was a very bright orange, and it bobbed up and down slightly at times as it flew passed.   No markings or lights that would be seen on a commercial aircraft were visible.   It was also moving at an odd speed for an aircraft.  As it got further away, the light just went out and it vanished.;43.2458;-76.3081
