Fire orb grabbed my attention through closed blinds, and wouldn't let go of it for multiple hours.;2014-12-25 02:00:00;3+ hours;Fire orb grabbed my attention through closed blinds, and wouldn't let go of it for multiple hours. I arrived at my parents' home Christmas morning, at approximately 2 AM.  Since it was late, and my parents had turn my old room into my niece's play room, I took my spot in the living room on the couch which is about 8 foot from the door that leads to the backyard.  (Backyard is surrounded by woods, except for our cow pasture). Ready to go to sleep, I remove my glasses and sank into to the couch.  Immediately, an intense orange glow caught my attention through the close blinds on the door.   I put my glasses back on to get a better look and observed what I thought to be an orange lamp post that I'd never seen in my 24 years between the woods and the cow pasture.  As I watched I could swear I saw moving up-and-down and a little side to side.   For the first 15 minutes I just sat there stunned at what I was observing and then I noticed that it looks like this orange or was touching down in the pasture and sending off some sort of electricity all around it.   Shortly after I noticed a smaller white blue orb hovering higher in the sky but keeping to the right.  I started to believe I was crazy so I pulled out my iPhone to see if I could confirm what I was seeing with my eyes. I not only got pictures but videos, but as I lay on the couch trying to record these orbs I realized suddenly that it was aware I was watching them and every time I focused on one of them it would start to shape shift.   Now frozen in fear nearly an hour later I begin to feel that I needed to hide.  The red orb began to come as close as 20 foot from the back door.  The fear that I felt was more real than anything else I can remember.  So much that I was too terrified to even get up and wake up my parents or my brothers. Next thing I know, it is 6 AM, and I wake up in a cold sweat and find myself in the same spot. I am totally forgotten what I'd seen and videoed.  Shortly after my family woke up and I showed them my videos.  They were shocked and had no explanation.  I remember telling my dad that I watched it for three hours or more, and that I eventually discovered that it met me no harm and went to sleep.   It wasn't for several days that I came out of the fog I was in to realize that I actually have no such memory of thinking that.  To this day I have no explanation.  I feel like something is definitely happening all around us and because not enough eyewitnesses of come forward, the general public is waving off this phenomena.;34.8987;-82.7073
