I saw a brightly lit object hovering near Lake Ontario in Port Hope, Canada, and suddenly it vanished - in a split second.;2014-04-09 20:35:00;2-3 minutes;I saw a brightly lit object hovering near Lake Ontario in Port Hope, Canada, and suddenly it vanished - in a split second. My husband and I were driving home along Lakeshore Road in Port Hope, Ontario, (from Cobourg).  We live in a new subdivision built by Mason Homes the subdivision is now called Lakeside Village (Phase 2 of Penryn Village).  Before we were to turn left onto Strachan Street which leads to our street, I happened to look at the sky.  I saw a few stars, but then noticed one large, brightly lit object – which at first I thought must be a star or planet.  But I quickly realized that it was far too large and long and bright for it to be that kind of object.  Next, I assumed it must be a plane.  I pointed it out to my husband, who was driving.  Then I said, ‘Is that thing moving at all?  It seems to be staying in the same place.’  My husband wasn’t sure, either. Just to clarify: We aren’t SURE of the shape of the object.  If we were seeing a side view of it, we would say it was cigar-shaped. We stopped the car for less than a minute just to see if we could tell whether or not the object was moving.  It didn’t appear to be – but of course we told ourselves that planes often don’t seem to be moving IF they are flying AWAY from you.  We both commented on how big the item was – far larger than ANY plane we’d ever seen near Port Hope.  Port Hope is about 60 miles ENE from Toronto – and the only big planes we ever see are jets that are very high up and, therefore, don’t appear large.  This particular object was very bright, as I mentioned – a lot more well lit than any plane I have ever seen in the sky. It was either a huge thing or very close and low. 	We began driving again, turning left onto Strachan Street.  Then, when we got to our new road, Maple Boulevard, we decided to stop once more.  We really wanted to find out IF the object was moving, as it seemed to stay in the exact spot we’d first seen it in – getting neither larger nor smaller.  I also wanted to open the window to find out if I could HEAR anything we hadn’t heard any sound at this point. 	When we stopped the car for the second time, I began to press the button to lower the window – and suddenly my husband said (just as I looked up to see the object), ‘It’s gone!’  We couldn’t believe it. It had disappeared in the SPLIT second that I took to reach for the window button. We looked and looked, and drove around our housing development site to see if we could find the object somewhere else.  We never saw it again. 	Cathy Carlyle 	(Patrick Gray – my husband PS The lights looked yellow to me, but my husband felt they were yellowy-white.  In either case, they were extremely bright.  It was the stationery aspect of the object that caught my attention first, after I’d seen the object in front of me. We couldn’t tell if the thing was our over Lake Ontario or just over the land.  Our development is just off the shores of Lake Ontario, and the land swoops out a bit.  It was night and we couldn’t see precisely where this object was.  NOW we are at our cottage when we go home next Thursday the 17th, we will drive along and look in an attempt to ascertain where the object was situated – if we can figure that out!;44.0171256410257;-78.4027666666667
