Four guys see five teardrop/candle light objects spreading a mist, turn into cones, becomes long slivers, and split in the sky.;2010-10-29 17:30:00;Twenty Minutes;Four guys see five teardrop/candle light objects spreading a mist, turn into cones, becomes long slivers, and split in the sky. I first saw a shiny teardrop-like object around 5:30 PM while working Friday night.  My co-workers also saw it.  One guy said, It's just a hot air balloon.  I was a bit more suspicious.  We parked the truck and all got out, soon to be astonished.   The object in the distance sat suspended almost completely still aside from its candle light sort of bob (I can best describe it as a shiny, glowing, white candle light...maybe not so much a teardrop).  It begins to appear to fly up and left in a curve.  I tell myself that most planes fly straight.  It moves very slowly.  I begin to notice a small tail behind it.  Then, we notice two more.  We did not see where they came from.  One begins making a slow descent toward the ground or maybe into the horizon.  Very slow.  It begins to stretch vertically across the sky into a long, thin sliver.  It takes about five minutes for the object to completely stretch out and eventually split apart.  At this point, it looks lik! e it has made a slice into the clouds.  By now, the second object began doing the same thing but much less dramatic (possibly further away).  The first object moves ever closer.  The tail is very apparent now.  It is very much shaped like a cone moving across the sky.  We start to make out a body.  When it comes in really close range, I notice another candle light-like object off in the horizon.  The one nearest to us now appears to be splitting between the body and the cone.  It also appears to be dropping some sort of mist out of the back - very similar to a crop duster releasing pesticides.  I see no propellors.  I can vaguely make out what appears to be wing(s).  There is no sound coming from the object.  It gets near enough to where it flies almost directly over us.  There is still no sound.  At this point, I believe I am seeing an airplane of some sort.  It looks like an airplane, but it is odd.  I want to say it is an airplane, but I have an odd feeling that it i! s not.  It has a strange, round shape in some places.  And I c! an only make out one wing.  I see that it is silver, and the round part may be red.  No lights.  Not that I can tell.  Also, the speed and altitude at which the object is traveling not to mention the misty trail it leaves behind are perplexing to say the least.  We snap a few photos and later find the object in the photo to look quite different from what we believed to have seen.  After flying behind the trees for only a few seconds it seemed to disappear.  The other object off in the horizon is still there.  My co-workers go inside, and I stay outside still in awe.  The one begins to stretch just like the object before.  Again, this object stretches out vertically and splits making a cut / slice in the clouds off in the horizon.  I go inside, do my work for a few minutes, and come back outside.  I see one more that never gets past the shiny, teardrop, candle light stage.  It bobs like a candle light in the distance and moves a little to the left.  It instantly disappears after abou! t 30 seconds.  I have never seen anything like this in my life, but I have found other pictures on the internet of EXACTLY what we saw.  The stories entail very similar descriptions as well.  The photos taken of other accounts I have discovered to be of higher quality than the photos we have.;33.3490160000002;-86.988965818181
