orange/red teardrop looking with many bright lights object stopped before us above a field and then left.;2008-03-20 22:30:00;ufo;orange/red teardrop looking with many bright lights object stopped before us above a field and then left. Witness one,  On Thursday march 20, 2008 my friend and I where on our way home at about 10:29p.m, when my friend saw an object in the sky to our right above a field, which to her appeared to be an airplane, Kidding with me she said, Look, a ufo .   I looked and the more we looked at it, it wasn’t moving like an original airplane, it was stopped in the middle of the air.  As we watched it the object seemed to have a lot more lights then a usual aircraft. The lights looked as bright as the lights you would see at a pro baseball game shining down on the field.  The object in the air seemed to be square in the front, and that’s where all the lights where as well as the back end that came to a point with a bright red light that was not blinking it was solid RED! Looking as if it was a  bottle cap from the side.  We sat there and watched this object for a good solid two minutes, but no longer.  As it flew about in the sky at a sharp angle with fast speed, my friend and I where so frightened of what we have seen we took off with no more words left to say. Witness two, Thursday March 20, 2008 around 10:30 p.m., my friend and I were driving on our way to her house. I was in the passengers seat and she was the driver. The road that we were traveling on t-boned onto a road we had to turn left onto at a stop sign, which would be going East. As we approached the stop sign, I saw bright lights sinking diagonally downward past a group of trees. Jokingly I screamed UFO just trying to scare my friend. We turned left at the stop sign heading East towards her house. I was staring ahead at the road and, from the corner of my eye, I saw the flying object we had seen before, over a field. I knew it was the same object because from the side it looked like the shape of a flattened cylinder, and the lights were extremely bright, it was as if I was staring at a stadium from a distance. The lights on this object were incredibly bright and , the lights flashed once but, they never flashed again. I told my friend to stop the car, and she put her hazards on. We sat in her car on the side of the road, for about two minutes watching this object, which had stopped in the sky above a field, to our right. The object was about the height of a water tower above the field, so we knew it couldn’t have been an airplane because, airplanes don’t usually fly that low to the ground. After about two minutes, the object started to move away in the same direction it came from, but it went diagonally up at a fast speed, in the almost exact same path it lowered in. As the object was going up, I saw a red light which was not blinking at all. Frightened, I told my friend to just put the car in drive and leave. I knew we couldn’t have mistaken the object as a light from a city because, we were on back roads in the country and there aren’t many tall lights like we saw around, in a field.;40.8623;-81.854
