I saw an extremely slow moving plane shaped object that neither sounded like, nor acted like a normal plane.;2006-09-02 23:30:00;3 minutes;I saw an extremely slow moving plane shaped object that neither sounded like, nor acted like a normal plane. At approximately 11:30pm Eastern Time Saturday September 2, 2006 my wife and I saw a very odd object in the sky.  We were returning home from seeing a movie, and we were driving westward on New Scotland Rd, Albany, NY to our home in Slingerlands, NY.  I commented to my wife that the plane outside the car was flying really low.  This also seemed odd because the object was is not in the normal flight path of planes coming to or leaving from the Albany International Airport.  I slowed down my car, turned off the radio and put the windows down.  It was surprisingly quiet, emitting a sound that was similar to a jet engine from far away, but the object was very close.  It was either moving very slowly or hovering in one location.  My wife commented that we were traveling faster than the object and I would estimate that my speed at the time was around 30 mph.  The object was in the general shape of a plane.  It had 2 headlight like lights in the front of it, that were emitting beams that could be seen in the overcast skies.  There were several other points of light along what looked like its wing and also several points of light along the fuselage.  The object's headlight beams were pointing in an eastward direction.  The object was just too bizarre so we had to stop and pull over.  I pulled the car into the lot of a private school, Albany Academy of the Holy Names.  The parking lot curved back towards the east and at that point the object began flying away.  It disappeared from our sight in several seconds, most likely less than 10 seconds.  It appeared to be heading in an eastbound direction.  We waited approximately a minute and we could not see or hear the object.  I turned the car around in the parking lot and headed back towards New Scotland Rd.  Just before we turned right onto the road (heading west towards our home), we saw the object very far away heading in a northbound direction.  It was traveling much faster now, like the normal speed of a jet.  I called the FAA Flight Service Center at approximately 12:05 am Sunday September 3, 2006 and asked him what the cloud ceiling was at approximately 11:30pm in Albany, NY.  He said the latest report that he had was from 11:00pm ET, and the clouds were overcast at 3500 feet.;42.6919153374249;-73.8105366483691
