While watching the Luner Eclipes with a Meade Telescope, passing objects have been videotaped;2003-11-08 19:55:00;40 seconds;While watching the Luner Eclipes with a Meade Telescope, passing objects have been videotaped While I was watching the lunar Eclipse from my open window with a dead direct view of the moon through my Meade Telescope ETX-90EC with a 26mm lens to get a closer look along with a B/W camera hook up which is connected to my Color 17” TV/VCR. I thought it will be cool to videotape the eclipse session which it was a beautiful cold night. I observed on the TV screen while recording something flying by enough to watch it on TV (Monitor) passing the eclipse, It seem closer to me than next to the moon. I could not see it with naked eye, which I am near sighted and wear glasses, they were not glowing or shining, nothing blinking that I could see. I know colors don’t show up on B/W cameras, I’m not saying that it was UFO’s but it drew my attention and excludes the fact that there were not airliners. Where I am the airliners fly low pass my home heading to Newark Airport, also there is La Guardia, JFK airports in NY as well. Here is the clincher these objects were almost one after another, within 3 to 8 seconds apart passing the same direction approx. 8 that I saw on the TV Monitor. It was spooky at first then I could not see the objects anymore. Since I had the window open I was getting really cold so few moments later I stopped and shut the window. I then rewind the tape and sure enough there it was on tape. It may be meteors or debris or I don’t know. What made me write this today was I saw the other post from Parker town NJ which is about 75 miles south East and Bridgewater NJ is about 18 miles North West from me. Did they see the same thing as I did? I cannot make an accurate decision as what shape these objects were. There were passing slow enough to see something passing by (Very Obvious). The time maybe off a little and yes the video was date time stamped. The view of the moon that I saw the passing objects was lower right meaning if you look at the moon it will be around 4:00 in direction. Oh well I have it on video so I will show it around.  This Is a great sight!!!!;40.4631;-74.3454999999999
