Silent, chevron shaped craft moving across sky and disappearing--not moving out of visual range.;2018-10-11 21:00:00;1 minute;Silent, chevron shaped craft moving across sky and disappearing--not moving out of visual range. I was sitting on my deck looking at the sky.  The weather is clear. 2045 I saw a bright light (like a search-light at a distance)  It was in the western sky approximately 2 o clock, traveling north to south.  After about 15 seconds it simply faded and vanished.  Again, no clouds.  No noise and no aircraft strobe.  It was a point of bright light about 3 times the size of Venus and many times brighter.  Venus had already set behind the trees so it wasn't Venus, and Mars was in the 10 o-clock position.  I initially thought it might be the ISS but the shape was not correct.  I've seen the ISS many times and it is bright and fades from view, but it is angular in appearance, almost like a Greek cross. Five minutes later I saw a roughly chevron shaped craft with bright lights emanating from the front leading edges.  This appeared to my north at about the 11 o clock position moving west to east. It also slowly faded and vanished.  No clouds, no noise, no strobe.  I immediately went inside and checked the plane tracker website on the chance it was a plane and I merely misidentified it somehow.  No aircraft were shown in the vicinity. I'm retired and I spend a great deal of time plane watching day and night. I am also ex-military (police) and I've worked for the dept. of defense.  I know a military aircraft when I see one.  And these were not. I often have fighter planes from the neighboring AFB train in the airspace above where I live. (During the day)  The sound is deafening. I know it sounds corny but the way these objects/craft moved, fading and vanishing reminded me of the old Star Trek and ships cloaking themselves.  I know how that sounds but I'm trying to be accurate and convey exactly what I saw.  I have only seen/interacted with an unidentified flying object once before and that was in 1989 in Alabama.  So its not like I see these things regularly.  I know what I saw. (No it wasn't satellites either.  I've seen satellites pass over my place on clear nights and they are tiny TINY points of light---these were larger and much more substantial.  So satellites, planes, planets and the ISS are OUT as explanations. Forgive me for not taking your call earlier this evening.  I was in my workshop.  If you have any further questions please call me.;30.182;-82.8445
