V shaped craft sighted twice over rural area.;1985-07-13 22:00:00;30 seconds;V shaped craft sighted twice over rural area. I was dropping a friend off at her house on our way home to watch the television broadcast of Live Aid on 07/13/1995 (that’s how I can remember the date of the event). When I got out of the car in order to let her out of the back seat I looked up and saw a V shaped object fly in a southerly direction over the car. It had something like 6 or more round white lights indicating the shape of the infamous V. At first I thought it must be 6 helicopters flying in formation but there was no sound at all coming from the object. I have a hard time judging it's height in the sky with no frame of reference but I guess it to have been about 500'. All four of us discussed what we were seeing but had no explanation of what we saw. We went on our way to drop off a second friend and on the way to his house we saw the same object still flying in a Southerly direction even though it should have already been far away if traveling at a constant speed by the time we got to the second location. We all jumped out of the car and watched it until it disappeared out of view over the distant tree line. This object was defiantly neither an airplane nor a squadron of helicopters. We still talk about the incident and still have no explanation. ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION WITH WITNESS)) It was in 1985. I remember the date vividly because I was on my way home to watch the Led Zeppelin reunion concert the first of it's kind since Bonham died in 1980. I did however think that the concert had taken place in 1986 and always looked for other similar sightings that took place then. Yesterday I saw an article about Live Aid and it had July 13, 1985 listed as it's date and when I crossed referenced I noticed a similar sighting nearby in NY. I wonder if there is any connection. I live in a very rural area just 15 miles outside NYC and thought that surely others must have noticed this craft flying low over their homes but was very surprised when I heard no corroborating events. I have been looking up in wonder ever since. ((END));40.9457;-74.1826000000001
