A stationary bright light appeared and started getting closer,  than reversed and quickly moved away.;2002-07-27 22:30:00;1 minute;A stationary bright light appeared and started getting closer,  than reversed and quickly moved away. While attending a professional party and camp-out, we (my wife, a friend and myself, all mid forties to mid fifties) were observing the sky to view constellations using a reference book our friend had recently obtained.  We also like to look for satellites and shooting stars.  The evening was about 70 degrees with humidity around 65%.  We were approximately five miles from the nearest village, so light interference was minimal.  The sky was clear.  My wife and friend had gone into an open field ahead of me.  As they were looking into the sky nearly directly overhead, they observed a greenish colored light, slightly bigger than most stars, but at quite a distance.  No sooner had both of them spotted this when three white lights came out of the one green light and headed in different directions moving faster than satellites would and then all four quickly disappeared.  They informed me of this observation upon my arrival only a minute or less later, but I gave it little thought.  We continued watching the stars and saw a few shooting stars when we all turned to look at the north-east sky, not far from directly overhead when we saw a light which I initially labeled landing lights.  Very shortly after saying that, I realized the light was not moving in any direction, but was coming closer and getting brighter.  It had the appearance of a bright car headlight coming at us from a distance.  Just about the time I thought the light was getting close enough and bright enough to almost cast a shadow, it immediately started moving away, but still not moving in any linear fashion.  It became so dull in appearance that it resembled the satellites we've observed on numerous occasions.  At that time, it began moving in a south-easterly direction much faster than any satellite until it disappeared.  All three of us stood in awe of this site, not knowing what to think at that time.  This particular event lasted about one minute from the time the light was first observed.;42.99;-74.9853
3 Golden Lights, Appear and Disappear;2004-11-16 19:15:00;10 seconds;3 Golden Lights, Appear and Disappear My daughter and I had just gotten in the car. It was about 7:15 pm. Still sitting in the driveway, I looked out of my window - northern horizon. I saw 2 golden glowing lights that I thought was an airplane. I said to my daughter, Look at that airplane! She turns her head to look, the light on the left dims and disappears, then just as it disappeared another appeared directly over the remaining light on the right. Then I said What are those planes doing? At that time my daughter and I both saw the upper light dim and disappear, the final light instantly disappeared. We can see the beautiful night sky each night and we see lots of planes, meteors etc. But the location of these lights were out of the ordinary. Its the darkest part of the viewing sky for us, not many stars and even fewer aircraft is visible. It was a totally clear night.;42.99;-74.9853
