Like the headlights of a car hovering over the interstate;2007-11-30 22:30:00;3-5 minutes;Like the headlights of a car hovering over the interstate On Friday night, November 30, 2007, I was driving down I-75 from Forsyth, Georgia to Macon, Georgia to work a night shift at the hospital downtown.  The time was around 10:30 p.m. and the sky was crystal clear and full of stars.  A few miles south of Forsyth, I noticed a light over the interstate approximately a mile or two ahead of me.  Because it was brighter than the stars “behind” it, I fixed my gaze on it as I made my way south.  I immediately noticed that it wasn’t moving in ANY direction like an airplane would with its blinking lights.  So, I thought it might be a helicopter with a bright front light.  It’s not unusual to see one hovering overhead day or night.  However…as I approached this hovering light, I noticed that it wasn’t one light…there were actually two lights.  They were large, round, white, and spaced apart like headlights of a car.  (In fact, that was the image I described later to my co-workers that night—-like a car hovering 500 to 600 ft. over I-75.)  My heart started racing when I realized this hovering object didn’t have any blinking lights of normal aircraft, the two lights were oddly spaced far apart (maybe 20-30ft ???), and it wasn’t moving at all.  It just seemed to hang there over the interstate facing north.  I couldn’t make out a specific body shape or identify any specific dimensions.  I wondered, “Do any of these other cars see this thing, or is it just me?”  Other drivers MUST have seen it because it was so close to the ground and the lights were so prominent.  As I drove under the object, I tried to take a picture of it with my camera phone…b/c that’s all I had with me, other than a stethoscope.  Unfortunately, all that captured was a dark screen (night sky) with one of the “lights” in the very bottom corner of the screen.  Apparently I am unable to photograph UFOs and drive at the same time. :)  I’ll end this by noting that I am a very conservative, analytical and typically skeptical person by nature.  However, what I saw was so unusual that I am now a believer of UFOs…even though my co-workers and my family all rolled their eyes at my story.  I’m glad I found this site.;33.0498;-83.9395
