sauntering lights across the night sky left me woundering what this could be....;2008-11-25 19:30:00;10 min;sauntering lights across the night sky left me woundering what this could be.... I was about to leave for Hockey that evening when out of the sky I noticed a shooting star so in my curiosity I preceded to look for more.  On my view of the night sky there was an object with three lights across a disc like craft, with a red light circling around the other lights.  This object was cruising at a low altitude at a slower than normal speed for a plane, which crosses the air traffic from our local airfield.  Normally you can clearly hear the roaring sound of these planes approaching the airport as the fly around the front side of my house a few hundred feet above.  This object was not a plane, there was no sound from this craft as it sauntered across the night sky in what was a south easterly direction.  Watching this object for ten minutes I came to my conclusion that any plane flying out from the nanaimo airport would have clearly left my site as it faded into the black with the sound still lingering in the distance though the ten minutes or so. There was also a second much smaller craft that was higher above which seemed to stay in a perfect parallel in relation to the bigger craft.  With planes you notice the opposite flash of a green then red light on either tip of the wings, two bright landing lights usually are turned on for visual during night landings.  This was not the case in my sighting.;49.1802458015267;-123.993842748092
A strange object in the sky above mount benson.;2016-09-22 22:00:00;3;A strange object in the sky above mount benson. So, I am recalling all of this almost a year later, but there were quite a few witnesses there with me that night and I think it would be interesting to compare our experiences.   I was living in south Nanaimo with 3 of my friends as roommates, and we were housing a couple friends who had been traveling.  Our house had a deck on the second floor with a great view of mount benson from south nanaimo.  We were all hanging out on the deck as it got dark we noticed a bright light like you would see on a plane stationary in the sky above Mount Benson.  This light was very bright and it was hovering in the sky at about the level smaller planes fly at.   We took a look at the object through a pair of binoculars and although it was hard to keep steady I could make out yellow red and blue lights along the outer edge of a disc shaped object that looked as though it was spinning.  I could see the different colored lights rotating around the edge of the object.  Beneath it looked li! ke glowing blue tentacles resembling a jellyfish's.  All my friends looked at the object through the binoculars and saw the strange spinning disc.   The object stayed in the sky for the next few hours as we lost interest.  About 3 hours after we first noticed the UFO my friend and I were sitting outside again and I was drawn to look at the object again.  Just then, I saw a huge bolt of lightning shoot up FROM THE MOUNTAIN towards the UFO.  The lightning bolt stopped a few stories below the object, and I alerted my friend, asking if she had seen it, and in the next moment a huge flash of light in the sky above the UFO.  My friend saw the second flash of light and we watched for awhile, after that, but there were no further flashes.  The sky was clear with no clouds.  There was no sound coming from the object.   It continued to hover in the same spot for a couple weeks, with no movement or further flashes of light. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));49.1802458015267;-123.993842748092
