Two bright, large pill shaped objects fly very quickly across the sky, hover and then slowly fade until gone.;2005-02-22 20:10:00;10 minutes;Two bright, large pill shaped objects fly very quickly across the sky, hover and then slowly fade until gone. My friend and I had just got coffee and were walking downtown. We had to wait at the busy streetlights to cross, and while we stood around for the light to change, I looked up in the sky and there was a bright, kind of pill shaped object rising out of the horizon to the north (or so?) and it was getting what seemed very close very quickly. I know very well what a regular plane looks like flying at night, and it wasn't like that. There were no individual lights or colours it seemed more like an ambient orange-red-yell-white strip of colour. At first, I thought it was an illuminated blimp, but it was moving what seemed very quickly and I don't think one could have gone so fast. I yelled to my friend, who also saw and was shocked. For a moment I felt extremely afraid, because I thought it might be a burning aircraft or meteor headed our way. It got to be about the size of an eraser on the end of a pencil, before it stopped and seemed to not move at all for about 10 or 20 seconds. Then, it started moving south (we were facing the east, towards the harbour), much slower than before. It kept moving until it was south and lower in the sky than the moon, about the four o'clock position of the moon. We thought it was immobile again, until we realized that it had moved up a tiny bit, but now was getting very slowly smaller and smaller. My friend yelled something, and I turned to see another one come zooming up exactly where the other had been. It seemed brighter and bigger than the first one, but travelled the exact same path as the former, albeit a bit faster. The colours were also a little more distinguishable - mostly what looked like overlapping orange and yellow white, with bits of red. it moved accross the sky until it was about a thumb's length away from the first one, which now could be mistaken for another star in the sky, were it not for its bright red (almost Mars-like) colour and the fact it was still fading away. Then the second flying thing also began to move up a little, and fade out of site. Soon, the first one had completely vanished, and about two minutes later (we stood and watched the entire thing) the last one too became smaller and smaller and more and more red-coloured, and it also went out like a tiny red star. Really weird. There were plenty of other people downtown that night, so maybe other people saw it too. I have seen lots of different things in the sky but nothing like that - nothing so bright or large. Or something so big move so quickly, and seemingly low (but it was very difficult to tell just how faw away it was).;49.1802458015267;-123.993842748092
Size of two houses, no noise and moving very slowly, lit on the bottom not super bright.;2014-07-28 22:00:00;5 minutes;The size of two houses, no noise and moving very slowly, lit on the bottom not super bright. UFO Sighting 2014 Summer I was sitting outside on my deck at approximately 10:00 pm I saw what I thought was a helicopter out of the corner of my eye in between two tall cedar trees close to the house.  Then it registered in my brain that there was no noise.  I looked again and it was a humungous object (about the size of at least 2 houses) with  light and it was moving very slowly and there with no noise!  I realized that I was looking up into the bottom of the UFO.  I ran into the house to get my husband to look and he just looked at me as if I was crazy.  I went outside again and it was still there.  Within a minute, it just swooped up and away in seconds and very quietly. Since that night, every so often I see a thin, totally white, stream of light coming in my kitchen window and it hits my fridge. I get an eerie feeling from it and feel fearful of it.  Its happened about 5 times now and always between the hours of 4:15 a.m. to 4:45 a.m.  The first couple of times it happened there was a loud bang on the side of the house and heavy footsteps.  The outside security light does not come on either like it should.  Have you ever heard of this before?  I am a normal person and certainly not crazy.  I would not have written but for my sister trying and trying to get me to report it since then. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));49.1802458015267;-123.993842748092
Large circular/ovoid object, w. 4 others, bright flashing lights, in night sky over Nanaimo,BC, Canada;2014-09-28 21:00:00;45 minutes;Large circular/ovoid object, w. 4 others, bright flashing lights, in night sky over Nanaimo,BC, Canada UFO Sighting Sept. 28/2014/21:00-22:45 NANAIMO, BC. I had turned off the TV at 9:00, and before showering, decided to look out at the night sky.  I noted a particularly bright star in the n/e section of the sky above the harbor and the Strait of Georgia.  As I looked at it, it began to change color.  I assumed it to be caused by atmospheric conditions.   Then I saw red and green lights flash, and I assumed it was an airplane probably about to turn about to head toward Vancouver Intl. airport.  But then I also saw blue and yellow moving lights.   At that I thought it might be a UFO.  So I went to get binoculars and said to my partner, “I think I see a UFO in the sky”.  My partner said, “It’s probably a star.”  Then with the binocular I saw a small circle of flashing lights.  Again my partner said, “Ah, just a star”, as I continued watching.   The lights began moving quickly, and the source was moving about as well it was obviously not an airplane or a star.  I noticed another possible same thing lower in the sky on the left, and 3 other ! possible shapes in a kind of triangular shape in the lower right side which my partner confirmed.  My main focus though was on the first object (?) that I saw.  Then the object grew in size, or appeared to, probably moving closer.   Then I called my partner to come and see, with binoculars.  Before he got there, the object suddenly became ovoid in shape and I realized that it was heading toward me.  Suddenly it stopped, and “flipped”, apparently on its side, showing the full surface of what was probably the top side. I yelled at my partner to hurry up.  The side or top was almost perfectly circular but the top edge was slightly flattened, and the lights appeared to be on the outer edges.  However, the flashing moved across the surface in different ways, as in forming patterns.  The surface was covered with an irregular grid.  Visually, my partner and I both watching, the object now almost completely filled the visual field of our binoculars, which meant – we assumed- that it had come! much closer to us than originally.  After several minutes of w! atching the flashing lights moving about the surface, the object appeared to be moving backwards in a straight line to where it was before.  But it then began moving about in a display of aerial acrobatics and movements that nothing we know of could make in the air.  The movements were up/down, side to side, twirls, spirals, fast threads up or down or sideways or just about all over the place. Gradually, though, it settled back down and seemed to climb higher in the sky and become smaller to the sight.   We then noticed the other lights below and on the sides had disappeared.  There was some thin cloud moving about in the atmosphere, but it was otherwise quite clear during the time we were watching this wonderful aerial show.  However, the “close up” was quite unsettling, especially in its implications as to size, etc. and in regard to the possible meaning of this sighting.  It appeared to us that it might somehow have known we were watching it!  Not that we can prove that, however, but when it flipped on its side for the full view, the hair on my neck stood up!   As a professional social scientist, I am a relatively trained observer, and somewhat used to seeing anomalous phenomena. Nonetheless this was an amazing event.;49.1802458015267;-123.993842748092
