Orange Fireball passed North West over land in Nags Head, NC.;2013-07-27 21:10:00;1 minute;Orange Fireball passed North West over land in Nags Head, NC. While Traveling South Down S.Croatan Highway in Nags Head North Carolina, my friend and I spotted one orange object out of the car windshield.  It was low and moving slow. Thinking it was a helicopter at first we didn't pay any mind to it. Then we noticed that there were no other lights on the object. It was moving too slow to be a plane and we didn't hear any other sound that would suggest that it was an aircraft.  It finally crossed over top of us (North West direction) as we passed under it.  I caught a glimpse of it through my sunroof and asked my friend to look behind us to see if she could see what direction it was heading.  When she turned around, trying to look out and up of the car window, she lost sight of it.  She said she lost it amongst the street lights or it disappeared.  We came to the conclusion that it was a glowing orange fireball of some sort.   We are both creative educated individuals.  I’m artist and she a store manager.  We both are familiar wh! it what an aircraft looks like and this was nothing that we have ever seen before.;35.8862;-75.6027
Orange fireball traveling north along 21mile mark, Nags Head Turn northeast.;2014-08-15 20:45:00;30 seconds;Orange fireball traveling north along 21mile mark, Nags Head Turn northeast. Traveling below cloud level bright orange coming from south towards north, then changed directon northeast. Saw fireball orange disappear in a matter of seconds. No moon some light stars;35.8862;-75.6027
7 orange, glowing, silent fireballs moving along same trajectory, equidistant apart over Nag's Head beach, NC.;2014-09-03 23:00:00;7-10 minutes;7 orange, glowing, silent fireballs moving along same trajectory, equidistant apart over Nag's Head beach, NC. UFO Sighting by 7 people Nag’s Head beach, North Carolina, USA September 3, 2014, 11pm  I am a 51 year of woman.  I was on vacation with my brother, (55), my sister-in-law, (51), my niece and nephew and 2 of their friends.  My niece, nephew and their 2 friends are in there mid-twenties. On the date above we were all sitting on the beach having a bonfire and roasting marshmallows. We were facing east, towards the Atlantic Ocean. Suddenly, at approximately 11pm, my sister-in-law saw an orange glowing ball in the sky to the north above the land were the fishing pier meets the land.  She yelled out: “Look at that!”, “What is it?”  We all turned in the direction she was pointing and watched the orange, glowing ball move silently towards us and then out over the ocean, on a southeast trajectory.  It grew brighter (larger), as it moved towards us.   After about 1 minute another glowing ball, (exactly the same in appearance), appeared from the same location, (above where the pier touches the land) and began following the first ball’s trajectory, exactly.  Meanwhile the first ball moved out to a location over the sea and simply grew fainter until it disappeared totally.  The second ball did the same thing and then a third, fourth, etc., until we had seen a total of 7 orange fireballs move along the exact same trajectory and disappear over the ocean in the exact same location.  Each ball was visible for about 45–60 seconds.  These ball were exactly equidistance apart, as they arrived and disappeared. All seven of us witnesses were in awe.  We tried to capture the glowing balls on cell phone cameras and video, but they just look like specks on a black night sky as it was so dark there are no reference points in the images. Some of the witnesses had had a few beers with dinner, but were not intoxicated.  My sister-in-law and I were 100% sober as we don’t drink alcohol. I should mention later that night, I believe around 2am, (technically Sept. 4), my nephew and his 2 friends report seeing blue neon-type streaks of light flashing before them on the beach, at lighting speed and then going into the ocean, towards the same location the fireballs had headed.  They said when they ran towards the ocean to get a closer look the blue neon lights, now under the water, they slowly disappeared.  I personally did not witness these blue neon colored lights. I should also mention that earlier on the same day, Sept 3, 2014, at 9:30 in the morning we heard an incredible “sonic boom” type sound that was so loud and caused such a vibration everyone on the beach jumped up and was looking around in panic. There were no planes in sight or anything else to be seen in the sky or the ocean at that time.;35.8862;-75.6027
