Pulsing green light over the ocean horizon;1973-07-23 20:10:00;5 minutes;My wife and I were sitting at ground level on the back steps of a beach house in Nags Head, when we observed the aura of a pulsing green light over the ocean horizon, about seven miles distant.  The apparent size of the aura at that distance was about an inch across.  The light moved from the south extreme horizon to the north extreme horizon within five seconds.  It then reversed direction and moved south to the extreme horizon at the same speed.  It then re-centered and vanished.  There was no sound.;35.8862;-75.6027
20+ ufos seen by 15+ people launching from the ocean only to disappear in the sky;2009-05-22 21:30:00;30 min total;20+ ufos seen by 15+ people launching from the ocean only to disappear in the sky So first off, I am new to all of this. I have never seen anything like this in my life, and for a person who lives most his life by logic, this just gets to me. First off, this is all in Nags Head, NC, right on the Outer Banks of NC. So as me and my fellow employees go to stop the last go kart race and get the place closed down, we start seeing the lights come up just a couple miles from us(looked like it was coming from the ocean!, but maybe on the beach). It was kind of cloudy out, so all you could see is the lights. It wasnt a steady light, it was more like a flame going straight up, kind of fluttering. So the first that came were 4 of them, they stayed together in a 7 formation, staying so amazingly steady, it looked to form an outline of an insanely huge ship. The first thing that came to mind were those big imperial cruiser or whatever those huge ships that vaders guys rode in in the earliest star wars. Suddenly one of the ships darted off, and it became a straight line, then those broke up. If that wasn't weird enough, they kept coming. There must have been at least 20 of these. The rest did not fly in the same path like the first, more random. Then it gets to the last 2, this is the part that really made me confused. The last 2 were took off with what it looked like just mere feet between them! It was an amazing site, they were right next too each other, then one would get futher forward, then the other would dart out infront, and then the other would get ahead again. This definitely does not seem like a military formation...nor civilian or commercial. Also, for as close as they were, there were no sounds at all coming from that direction, but they looked to be going as fast as jets almost! It was really an amazing site, everyone working and the 15 people who just got off the track, just stood there for 15 minutes watching it. Overall though, I would say the lights lasted for a good 20-30 minutes total, but each one would go from launch to disappear in about 30 seconds to a minut! e, from launching around the ocean to disappearing right above us. Oh! Almost forgot to point out that the guy who owns the place, said the same thing happened last night! I will bring my camera tomorrow night in hope it happens again. But does anyone have any ideas? There has got to be some logical answer, but I am just baffled. Sorry the post is so long, I am still creeped out a bit from it, but any help at all would be greatly appreciated!;35.8862;-75.6027
