Cylindar shaped ufo and flaring light in sky;2001-06-19 02:00:00;7 seconds;Cylindar shaped ufo and flaring light in sky It's 2:30 in the morning and I'm exhausted so I'll do the best I can do document two sitings I've seen in the past year. Tonight, I had gone over to a friends' house with some other people intending to spend the night just laying around with sleeping bags in her backyard talking and just having a good time. It is an extremely clear night tonight. Very beautiful with all the stars showing. We checked out a couple falling stars until one thing seriously caught our attention. We just saw this dim light flare up suddenly in the sky. We all thought it was a meteorite that seemed to be heading for us and it gave us a quick scare. It dimmed again and we saw it fly slowly away and then suddenly jet off at an intense speed and then stop practically on a dime. It freaked me out the most because last year, on Victoria Day I believe, I had taken my girlfriend on a canoe ride late at night. It was an equally clear night and we sat in the canoe gazing at the stars. We had been drifting for some time when we'd seen a craft in the air jet from one side of the sky to the other at a blinding speed and then stop immediately. We were spooked but ignored it for awhile.Then we realized it was doing it again and once stopped and sort of shimmered back and forth. It was weird. We started to panic a bit but tried not to look at it. Then when we thought it had left my girlfriend told me to look in between two bright stars in the sky. No more than a mile away there seemed to be a cylindar shaped object just stopped dead in the sky. It seemed to be watching us. We heard no noise. We just saw a grayish object dimly lit near the bottom sort of spinning in the sky. It looked like just what you'd see on those UFO specials on TLC. We had not been drinking that night and I am a devout Christian who will swear by these words. It gives me the creeps to think about but it doesn't terrify me. I think it's probably just some top secret government experiment. Who knows. Oh, and if you'd like to know my mental capacity. I'm a second year college student. Thank you.;46.0506;-64.8177
