UFO sighting of a mother ship over our secluded country farm house.;1975-07-10 19:00:00;30 Minutes;UFO sighting of a mother ship over our secluded country farm house. Me and my parents finished dinner. I looked out the picture window as i walked by.I saw some lights coming over the hill . The house was a old farm house.It was a big house two story.The yard went back ten acres to the woods.That went up over a hill.I saw a line of red and green lights coming in are direction. There where five or six sets. They looked like flying police cars.As I think back I realise it was like close encounters.They cleared the way for the most spectaculer thing i`ve ever seen. OK it was timed so that it got dark when the next event happened.My dad called me to the back door. My mom and dad had just there heads out the door. When I looked out I saw that the whole sky had been blocked out.It was a clear summer night but you couldnt see the stars.There was a round ship so big it must of been two hundred feet across or more.It was low not sure how low. No sound at all.It was quite scary.Then a white light came out and shined on the tree under it.Strange light you could see every branch.My dad went out first to stand under ufo.I ran out yelling get back in here.Well they heard me because eight huge lime green x`s lit up across the middle.Mock wings I guess and a out of place tiny red light out on the edge.Then a faint sound started .It sounded like a bad tape of a single engine plane.They thought we where dumb I guess.The rest gets scetchy.I remmember tooking straight up and seeing windows in the front.About ten or so.I saw people looking out.I could not tell what they looked like.The next thing I remmember we are all sitting in the living room watching TV like noting happened...In the next five years and prier to that night I saw at least 30 others.I have stories man.I would see a lime green ovel shaped disk many many times.I even saw it land in Colchester CT.I have been changed by those events.When I here sceptics on TV. I l((name deleted)). ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate return e-address is not valid.  PD));41.6358;-72.4668
