While scanning the sky with binoculars for the planet Venus a strange object flew into the field of view.;2005-09-06 17:45:00;About 6 seconds;While scanning the sky with binoculars for the planet Venus a strange object flew into the field of view. Tuesday September 6th, 2005.  First I want to say I have been an amateur astronomer since 1972, or for the past 33 years.  I have seen many strange objects in the daytime and nighttime sky and have never seen anything that could not be explained, until now.  I also spent 20 years in the Air Force and know a little about what planes can do and cannot do.  At 5:45 PM (East coast of US) I was in my yard looking for the planet Venus with 7X50 binoculars.  I was scanning the southern sky at about 40 degrees elevation when an object appeared in the field of view. For a second I thought I had spotted Venus but quickly dismissed this as it was moving and I knew I was observing too far to the left of Venus.  If I had not moved the binoculars left to begin another sweep I doubt I would have seen this object. I next thought I had picked up an airliner, as there is an air corridor over my house for planes taking off and landing in Charlotte, North Carolina.  I then dismissed this as it was flying almost perpendicular to this corridor and moving much too fast to be an airliner and I mean fast.  I have also seem all kind of small planes from the old bi-winged planes to you name it kind of planes.  Even high up you can hear their engines. By this time the object had moved from almost due south of me over into the southwestern sky.  A fair distance and I cannot estimate how fast it was going other than to say it was exceptionally fast.  I have never observed anything that moved at this speed. I hate the term “Flying Saucer” so I will say the shape was more of a blob shape.  At the speed it was traveling it was hard to hold the object still in the binoculars long enough to get a good look at it and the entire event was over in a less than 6 seconds or so. I do know it was not an airplane, at least none that I know of.  The speed was too great.  The color was a light gray and almost blended in with the sky.  I have no doubt if I had looked right at it with the naked eye I would never have seen it.  The object appeared to be at a fairly high altitude.  I heard no sound and there was no vapor trail of any kind and I did not see anything like wings sticking out from the sides.  No mater how high airliners fly I do not always see a vapor trail but I have always seen the wings. The sky was very clear and a dark blue color.  This may be the only reason I was able to see it.  If the sky were the usual pale blue or grayish color the object would have been invisible to the eye. If it had disappeared at this point I would have thought little more about it.  What happened next made my knees weak. I thought it continue on over the southwest horizon.  While watching the object in binoculars the object suddenly made a very quick and sharp turn to the right and accelerated in speed, then it was not there anymore.   It just disappeared.   If this had been any type of normal aircraft the pilot would not have been able to withstand the G forces from such a sharp turn at that speed and maybe not even the craft itself. Was it some type of craft that had no wings, maybe?  But that takes us back to the old “Flying Saucer” concept. Unless some nation on Earth has come up with an extraordinary aircraft capable of performing astonishing feats in the sky, then what I saw was indeed what I would call a true UFO sighting where the “U” stands for “Unidentified” of course.   (cht);35.9567;-80.8514
