A light anomaly was seen in the southern Appalachian Mountains that would multiply and change colors.;2008-03-06 19:00:00;over an hour;A light anomaly was seen in the southern Appalachian Mountains that would multiply and change colors. In the southeastern Kentucky area, deep within the southern Appalachian Mountains, a strobing light was seen behind my parents', grandparent's, and brother's homes. (All three homes occupy the same land and are only a few hundred yards apart.)  According to their first hand reports, my mother called and told me that she could see a white strobing light in the woods just above and behind their home.  As she was speaking, she told me that the light was changing colors from white to red.  She was actually quite frightened over the situation. I next spoke with my brother who is a former deputy sheriff, EMT, and firefighter / rescue squad member.  He thought that it might possibly be the light from an aircraft that had went down in the woods, so he along with their neighbor (the chief of the area fire department) went to see what the situation was.  They could not tell exactly how far the light could actually be into the woods.  Some thought that it was close, while others thought the light might be larger, and farther away. As they went to examine the situation, the light (after changing colors, multiplying, and performing unusual movements) disappeared.  They eventually found an area that they all thought was the location of the lights.  There was an area of approximately four feet around that included broken limbs on trees, and the leaves and ground clutter was cleared. He got pictures of the light anomaly, but not of the possible landing sight.  I asked him to get photos of the possible landing sight for me, but there was a snow storm coming, which has now arrived.  I asked him to still get photos if he possibly could, to see if there was any reaction to the snow from the sight.  Either way, I told him to get photos of the area as quickly as possible.  I also told him to retrieve ground samples and samples from the bark of the affected trees in the area, and any other possible samples for future testing.;37.1511;-83.7793000000001
