Metallic, wingless, cigar-shaped object travelling west to east in early afternoon.;2005-07-10 15:00:00;40-50 seconds;Metallic, wingless, cigar-shaped object travelling west to east in early afternoon. I was working on the roof of my home in the early afternoon when I noticed something metallic to the south approximately 30-35 degrees above horizon travelling west to east.  The object was visible for approximately 40-50 seconds. The object was very bright silver/metallic sheen.  The color of the object was reminiscent of very highly polished stainless steel. I could not judge either altitude or speed, but it felt like it was very high and quite large based on the appearance of the object...which would also indicate that it was moving very quickly.  It felt like it was moving rapidly.  I realize felt is extremely subjective, but we see conventional aircraft fairly regularly, both large commercial and smaller, due to being approximately five miles from the local municipal field and also approximately 90 miles from MSP airport in Minnesota.  This object did not resemble either type of aircraft and it is normally very easy to identify the approximate altitude (very high, high, low) of those aircraft.  The object simply did not fit with what we normally see here. I watched this object for the full 40 seconds or so and it initially reminded me of an early 20th century airship or Zepplin.  I have seen the Goodyear (and other) blimps on a few occasions, and this was more elongated like the airships.  It was not stubby like a blimp. The object was blunt and rounded at both ends and was noticeably wider in the center...almost football shaped, but less pronounced. When smaller aircraft pass overhead, we can clearly hear their engines.  Although we cannot hear larger commercial aircraft, the shape is quite distinct, including seeing the wings quite clearly.  This object did not have clearly visible wings. Finally, it seemed to move smoothly across the sky.  Again, this is a very subjective evaluation, but the smooth poped into my head as I was watching the flight.  I currently work in the quality control department of a national manufacturing company.  My duties include running the test and evaluation program and all government and industry certifications of the products.  Prior to this job, I retired from the military where I worked in an intelligence field related specifically to trained observation.  I held a TS/SI/SCI clearance while in the service.  I am 51 years old, married, and I have two grown children. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));45.3525;-92.4027000000001
