Three rotating round  orange lights in the south-southeastern sky.;2001-01-31 21:20:00;20 minutes;Three rotating round  orange lights in the south-southeastern sky. My girlfriend, daughter and I were returning home from Washington when we saw a bright orange light in the south southeastern sky. At first I thought it was a grain elevator light so we rode around to an open field where the grain elevators are. Then we noticed there were more than one and thought maybe someone was using flares to get help, sometimes boaters use them to signal for help on the Pamlico river and they were orange like flares or fireworks look in the distance. We live near Pinetown, at an intersection on HWY 32 N. called Five-points. It is north of the Pamlico river and north-northwest of Cherry Point MCAS which is in Havelock, and we thought maybe they (marine corp) were doing some type of manuevers there, maybe using multiple flares. We watched and to our amasement, there were three lights, two lights closer together, southsouth east of our position, with one which was further to the west of the first two, directly south of our position. They were orange round lights and they turned, like a lighthouse, they would go out and after 3-4 minutes they would come back around. We were about 5-10 miles as the crow flys north of the Pamlico River and as distance is very hard to judge in the night sky, I would say these objects were at least as far away as the river. They were higher than the tree line but definitely in the southern horizon, not overhead. It put you in the mind of a helicopter with a search light flying in a circle looking for something only they were too high to be a coast guard or police helicopter and be effective and they had no other tail lights, wing lights, or other marking lights of any kind. They didn't do any exceptional manuevers but my 8 year old daughter did get a little scared when the southern one seemed to be getting closer. We observed them a good 15 to 20 minutes. I will not be surprised if this is explained but it was no burning space garbage or meteor, it was some type of aircraft or spacecraft. I would like to know what it was and if anything was seen on radar in that general vicinity at that time. This is no joke.;35.5886;-77.1452
Far away silver circular object, observed moving across clear, morning sky.;2017-07-19 07:30:00;Unknown;Far away silver circular object observed moving across clear morning sky I was in a car driving when I observed the object.  The sky was completely clear and it was morning.  The small circular object first appeared to me as if it was a fixed object in the sky but upon further observation it was moving from right to left slowly at a far off distance.   My first impression was that it looked like a small moon--it was the same color as the moon in daylight.  But then I saw it glinted silver from the sun.   Again, it clearly pretty far away, so no other detail from the object could be seen (other than it appeared circular and was silver).   Although it was moving across the sky like a plane, it did not have a plane shape.  I obviously have seen many planes in the sky and this didn't look anything like that.   Also, there was no white trail or anything from the object to indicate it was a plane. It was bizarre.  I saw it for the entire time I was driving that direction on the road.   Once I made a turn, I couldn't look that way anymore.;35.5886;-77.1452
