50-75' lights hover than streak away out of sight;2003-11-08 21:00:00;2-3 minutes;50-75' lights hover than streak away out of sight I was driving home from the grocery store on a road that I travel everyday, when I notice, about a half a mile away there were 2 lights in the air just above the treetops. The road that I was traveling was the same road that Fountain Powerboats Inc. is on, so I thought that it was the lights from the parking lot, but I didn't remember seeing them there before.  Then, as I was closing in on the lights, I noticed that they were starting to move. At first I thought that it was just an illusion because I was driving in a curve, but then I was on a straight stretch and I realized that it was not an illusion. There were two lights that looked about like street lights and they were about 50 -75 feet apart from each other. There movements were simultaneous which led me to believe that it was one craft, but I could never make out a shape.  As I closed in on the object it seemed to increase its speed and I was trying to keep up with it as there was another car in front of me who was also trying to follow it.  Due to the trees and the curves in the road, we would loose it for a few seconds and then it would re-appear.  I was trying to make it to the end of the road were it opened up to the river where I would have a wide open sky to view the object, but by the time I and the other driver had reached the end of the road the object was gone.  The other 3 people in the other car confirmed that they had seen the same thing that I had seen. We were all in disbelief. I tried to make sense of what I saw, but nothing added up. My house is in  an area that I watched the object fly over. When I got home I asked my wife if she heard anything a jet, airplane, heli-copter, blimp? She said she heard nothing. The only thing that I thought it could have possibly been was a blimp, because noone heard it, but that doesn't explain why I couldn't keep up with it in my car running 60mph. Or why it disappeared out of sight over a river that is 1 mile wide. I heard nothing about this sighting in the news or the paper so I assume that we were the only ones who saw this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.5886;-77.1452
large bright  burning slow moving white light at dawn;2009-05-13 05:40:00;about one minute;large bright  burning slow moving white light at dawn I was looking east in the horizon at about 545 on the 13th of May, a large white light appeared, the moon was still up and to the right and the light was about one forth the size of the full moon, it was traveling towards me at what appeared to be 400-500 feet, at lasted about 45 seconds to one minute and then went out instantaneously, at first I thought it was possibly a search light but after the light disappeared there was nothing there, the sun was about to rise and this light still shone brightly in the sly like something entering the atmospere.;35.5886;-77.1452
