Nobody's saying we saw ET, just want an explanation.;2013-08-24 00:00:00;15-25;Nobody's saying we saw ET, just want an explanation. The first object was witnessed by my employer and I while in our parking lot.  Noticing an orange glowing light in the night sky, we guessed at possibilities such as a helicopter with a searchlight, or a flare.  She briefly thought she heard a muffled helicopter type sound, but we were standing near an outside AC unit which also produces a hum.  We then took notice that outside of the orange light, we could make out no other lights on the object, which moved with what seemed like a controlled floating similar to that of a helicopter.  The brightness of the color varied but was always orange as it moved basically parallel and a few hundred feet above the tree line, until eventually disappearing.   Ruling out the flare theory, and assuming we had seen a helicopter equipped with searchlight, the darkness, or our angle of viewing causing the odd appearance, my employer leaves.  Three more fellow employees walk outside and as I'm filling them in, one points to what appears to be two, new, similar objects.  We watched for what I'd guess was around 15 minutes as they took a like path as that of the first object, but at various points seemed touch each other, fly in loose formation and be linked or connected(think one towing the other).  Again the constant orange color with varying stages of brightness.;35.5886;-77.1452
Loud vibrating low hum.;2013-10-23 21:30:00;10 minutes;Loud vibrating low hum. We are located in downtown Washington, NC in the historic district - a block from the river. I am a USAF vet.  Worked as a crew chief on F-16 & F-15 fighter aircraft.  I know the sound of helicopters, Osprey aircraft & of course fighter jets. During this last week of October we had Osprey aircraft performing exercises one of those day during the afternoon perhaps 4-5 pm.  The sound we heard from within our house while watching TV was not US military. The sound startled us because of the low persistent humming.  We spent a good 5 to 10 minutes in the street trying to locate the origin of this hum/vibration.  I can not remember if it ended or we just went back inside. Sorry it is not too terribly exciting.  No visual confirmation of the event.  It was quite bizarre. I have lived here for twenty years.  The Osprey do have exercises here ever two months or so. This was not an Osprey. It left us a bit unsettled to say the least. ((ADDENDA (3X) FROM WITNESS)) 1)  My wife is saying it was around the 23rd of October. Her recall is always better than mine. The time she places the event is 9-10pm ish but no later than 11.  Hope this helps. cheers, 2)  I have found that I did tecord the event on my iPhone. :-) 3)  Just uploaded to youtube for you. http://youtu.be/a_ly7b7d2NA  ((END ADDENDA));35.5886;-77.1452
