bright orange glowing saucer shaped object that followed our car;1971-06-01 01:00:00;2 to 4 hours;bright orange glowing saucer shaped object that followed our car I am writing this report to tell others of the experience I had when I was about 20 years old.  I am now 56.  It was a warm summer night up near Wichita Falls, Texas. This town is located in North central Texas, not very far from the Oklahoma border where the Red River separates the two states.  My two friends and I decided to take our 22 caliber rifles and see if we could possibly find some rabbits to shoot at.  I know it sounds cruel, but boys will be boys and I haven’t killed any game in years and have no intention to do so.  We all learn from our mistakes. We got in one of my friend’s car, a Mustang, and drove West past a town called Iowa Park, my hometown.  We continued driving West until we turned onto a Farm to Market road that led to a town called Holliday, Texas.  We again turned West and went down a dirt road that led to a ranch.  The name was posted on a sign there, but it’s been too many years to recall the name of the ranch.  We didn’t find any rabbits, which we thought was odd, but after shooting our three 22 rifles empty into a ravine we decided it was time to go. It was about 12:30 or 1 a.m. at this time.  After traveling back down the dirt road we rounded a hill, and I saw something behind me.  I turned around and there was a bright orange glowing saucer shaped object about telephone pole high over the road directly behind us.  I yelled at my two friends in the front of the car and they looked around and saw it too.  My friend that was driving punched the gas and we were literally floating on the rocks of the dirt road trying to get away as we were all so scared.  I told him to slow down as he was going to wreck us,  and he did,  and I asked him to shut off the lights of the car.  He was able to do this as there was enough light from the moon to see by.  The orange glowing object was still following us.  I asked him to just shut off the car and see what happened.  We coasted to a stop with the lights off and as soon as we stopped completely, it disappeared.  We looked around and it was now over a barbed-wire fence over some property next to us.  It had moved so fast from behind us, it appeared to have just vanished.  We couldn’t understand how it had moved so fast we didn’t see it do so.  I asked my friend to start the car and see if we could slowly move away without it following us, but it continued to move the exact speed that we were traveling as though it was somehow able to match our speed exactly.  Almost as though it was somehow locked onto us somehow.   We again turned off the car.  We talked about getting out and even joked about reloading our rifles  and shooting at it, but no one in that car was about to get out and shoot at it.  We were too scared to even get out of the car.  We got very quite and stopped talking as the realization of what was happening finally sunk in.  We don’t know what really happened past this point.  The next thing we know we felt like we had all been sort of frozen, looking at it for a long time, and the first thing we remember is we all saw it streak away until it was just a speck and then it was gone. We started the car and drove back into Wichita Falls where we all stayed that night.  I remember that it strange that we didn’t remember talking about it on the way back to town.  We told a few people about seeing it, but of ‘course they all had something to comment on, like what had we been smoking? That night we were cold sober and hadn’t had anything to drink as we never went shooting firearms if we’d had anything to drink. A couple of days later our local TV station had an interview with an older couple that lived in my hometown.  They told of an incident where the wife had seen an orange glowing flying saucer shaped object over her back yard while she had gotten up to get some water.  Her husband stated he’d had a hard time getting up at his wife’s urgent calls, but he had indeed seen something glowing orange that had streaked off into the distance after he had seen it. I looked over at my step-dad, and he was looking at me and starting to understand the story I had told him a couple of days earlier might have been true. The one thing we never could understand was it seemed like we were out there a lot longer than we thought we were as it was very early in the morning when we finally made it back to Wichita Falls.  The object never made any noise.  That was one thing that scared us the most.  That, and the size of it.  It was the width of the two lane road including the ditches.  From barb wire fence to barb wire fence.  We figured the orange glow came from it heating up in the earth’s atmosphere.  Traveling so fast through the air.  It looked like two perfectly round plates put together with no sharp angles.  It was round on the edges with no windows or other lights visible. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));33.8171;-98.6903000000001
