Encounter with a light form;2008-04-10 01:00:00;20 minutes;Encounter with a light form  This happened when I was living in Gray, Maine in the spring of 2008. At the time I really didn’t think of where or how to report it since I thought no one would probably believe it anyway.  But I still think about it quite a bit, so I’d like to share it now on your website. It was around 1:00 am and I was getting ready to go to bed. One in the morning is not an unusual time for me to retire.  At the time I lived in an apartment over a garage that was separate from the main house and at the end of a semi-long drive way. My bedroom window faced the driveway.  I had venetian blinds on the window and the window was on the other side of the bed. First, I want to say that I lived a half mile in on a long dead end road.  It was a country setting with no street lights, so when it was dark, it was pretty dark. I had just shut the light out and was getting into bed and I noticed a flashing light coming thru the closed venetian blinds.  This was unusual because at that time of night most people living on this road were in bed including my landlords. They might once in while have people over for an evening, but if they did it was on a weekend, and this was a weeknight. Still, my first thought was irritation because I thought they must be doing something outside and I wouldn’t be able to sleep with that light coming in. It had to be a pretty bright light to be coming thru the blinds like it did. It was like living in the city and having a neon sign outside your window that was slowly flashing on and off. I crawled over the bed to the window and peeked thru the blinds just enough to see who was out there without them seeing me. The landlord’s house lights were all off.  But there was a light flashing.  Down the driveway and across the road were some tall trees, woods really.  Through the tops of the trees way up high I could see a strange light source.  It was like it was stationary in the sky. And it was so far away I could not believe it was so strong that it could come thru the venetian blinds!  I was fascinated and mesmerized by it.  Another odd thing about it – it had no stream of light attached to it. There was no ‘beam’ of light.  Then it started to change locations.  At one point it was on the road – literally on the surface of the road -- like a giant bright firefly, except it was just a stationary point of light that continued to flash slowly on and off. My landlords had a canvas structure for a third vehicle that was located to the left of the driveway.  As I watched this light it moved to just the other side of this structure.  But it was so bright that I could see it flash thru the double walls of the canvas. Again, it didn’t create a bean of light like a flashlight would. I just kept watching it. It was so curious.  Then suddenly it appeared right over the window I was looking out of!  It seemed attached to the surface of the garage.  I could see it up close – it was like a self-contained elongated sphere of white energy maybe a foot long.  And even though it was very bright it didn’t hurt my eyes. It was still flashing at the same consistency. Then it struck me – as I had given my attention to it, it had come to me – it was responding to my watching it.  Then I was scared. All I could think was the next move it would be inside the apartment. I quickly moved away from the blinds and within seconds it was dark again. I was too frightened to sleep after that. A few days after, I felt differently – I felt sad.  I had missed an opportunity. If I had been brave enough I could have gone outside and maybe really connected with whatever form of energy it was.  It’s too bad I reacted out of fear. I’ve often hoped I would see it again. I'd love to know if this has happened to others. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));43.8946;-70.3479
