round light that had a unsual flight pattern, flew around 40' off the ground only 1-2 miles from us. we watched it for 30 mins.;2005-08-19 21:00:00;30 MIN;round light that had a unsual flight pattern, flew around 40' off the ground only 1-2 miles from us. we watched it for 30 mins. me and my wife were riding atv's on friday night and stopped for a break,we were sitting on top of the slate dumps near a coal mines.it was a clear night and we witnessed a round light that looked to be a vehicle about 1 mile from us coming down a hill thru the woods. I thought it might have been a another atv riding thru the woods and paid it no attention. We were observing the view of the land and then this lighted object caught our attention,it made very swift but fluent movement across the valley, it traveled atleast a mile then stopped suddenly and came back to where it was, it then went up and back down but stayed below the tree line. it was approximatley 40' off the ground, it then went from right to left,then left to right with a lot of speed, it made no sound nor did it have a beam of light, it came very close to us becuae it seemed to get alot bigger and had a greenish orange glow, the whole light flashed like it pulsated,it did this twice,  then continued flying around as if it was looking for something. we went to the bottom of the hill to get a witness, there were a few kids partying around a bon fire, we interrupted this party to and begged them to come to the top of the hill and witness this with us. they were not interested in what we were expirencing and did not witness this. i have never in my life seen a object fly in this pattern, there is no way a human being could handle the g-force of this object's flight pattern.We watched this light for 30 minutes. i no longer go riding at night without a video camera, i know i dont have proof, but me and my wife both witnessed something that has changed our way of thinking. i will continue to search for whatever we saw.;33.4455;-86.99
