Saw obj out window appx 0100. Enter E-W slow bright. Outside stared obj <5m. Time on clock, >1h. Hypn 5 yr later. Abduct, exam, unsettl;1984-04-15 02:00:00;2 hours;Saw obj out window appx 0100. Enter E-W slow bright. Outside stared obj <5m. Time on clock, >1h. Hypn 5 yr later. Abduct, exam, unsettling. I was sole percipient, had insomnia one night, sat inside bedroom gazing at night sky approximately 0100 on 041584.  Saw a blazing white light enter field of vision from east, moving to west.  A dead pine tree served as a reference point.  Object halted behind the tree.  The motion of falling leaf was observed briefly.  Object stayed in sky throughout sighting.  Feeling some compulsion to go outside, I watched it from the back yard for what I thought was only a few minutes.  The weather was cool and I was not fully clothed, so felt cold.  I noticed the object seeming to drift slightly westward, still looking like bright blazing star.  Suddenly it moved about 90 degrees to the west, without transiting.  Tired, cold, I went in, sleepy finally, and went to bed.  Told someone the next day at work about it, got laughed at and forgot it for three years.  The book Communion was published, the cover startling me and triggering a memory of that night.  For two more years I thought about it often, reading Communion and some other things on UFOs.  In 1989 I had a hypnotic regression to the night in question, remembering in detail being taken up through the air to the object, taken aboard, examined, having communication with the occupants, including some joking and prophecy.  The object appeared to have a considerable amount of detail on both the outside and inside.  The occupants were short, gray-brown in color, and wearing red suits with black trim and some sort of smooth, tight-fitting head gear that seemed to cover a part ot their faces. They stood away from the table I was placed on, behind a half-wall.  A scanning device examined me.  I got a very good look at it such that I can see it as I write this.  There were several instances of the occupants joking with me to relax me and quell my fear.  There was an instance of forced physical paralysis with total loss of muscle control.  I kept my eyes closed during much of the experience.  At the end, two of them floated me back to the yard between them.  I was unable to look closely at them out of fear, and had a screen memory of their appearance.  The content was bizarre, odd, and frightening.  I left the hypnotherapy session very upset.  For several years subsequently I had a hard time with the memory.  The session was taped.  I transcribed the tape and studied it carefully.  There was an internal coherency but the content was very unusual.  Later, I read that the things that the occupants discussed (telepathically) were not so unusual in abductions.  I saw another clinician, a published author and psychiatrist who studies paranormal events.  Two more abductions were uncovered, going back to childhood.  Another emerged spontaneously.  One of them explained a mysterious short term leg paralysis that I had as a child.  Many pieces fell into place about bad memories from childhood, fear of windows at night, always looking into the night sky, and three previous sightings I had had.  Of those, one was multiple witnessed by parents and their friends.  No subsequent UFO activit! y occurred to me.  My sense of the occupants was that they were insincere, though trying to appear to be genuine and helpful.  I did not like what happened, feeling violated.  I was 36 years old at the time of the last event.  The others occured at 12, 8 and 4 years of age.  I am a trained, State licensed psychotherapist and a trained, State certified hypnotherapist, practicing now for thirty years.  I do not, nor have I ever, talked about the UFO encounters or my interest in them, nor is there any visual cue in my office that would tip off a patient that I would be amenable to a discussion of same.  Since the event and the hypnotic regression, a patient came to me who subsequently requested hypnotherapy and was surprised to reveal a tremendous amount of encounters going back to her age of four years.  Multiple family members were also involved, three of whom (two sisters and mother)I was able to interview and study hypnotically.  The mother had a conscious waking memory of her experience, which happened also when the daughter was four.  A sister only could remember the screen memory of a wolf's face at the window.  Another sister remembered from childhood a screen memory of white horses with large, black, glassy eyes staring at her inside her bedroom, then chasing her across the house.  These sessions went on with this patient for over one year, often meeting three times a week for two to three hour hypnotherapy sessions.  Finally, I had to steer it to a close, as I had become drained and emotionally upset by it.  The woman's children were also being abducted, all of whom I saw in the office and who talked about their experiences.  This experience, of treating this patient who was such an active percipient, was exhausting personally, although did serve to relieve the patient of significant disabling symptoms.  My sense of the occupants of her objects was that they were not benevolent.  Such was also the impression held by the patient.  I will be happy to send the transcript of my experience with any other material requested by mail.  No phone calls or email, please.;26.6057514195583;-80.125452681388
A round  bright silver shinning saucer.;2001-06-15 07:00:00;Sunset;A round  bright silver shinning saucer. It was sunset, the sky was turning orange. We were swinging on a swing set. When out of nowhere we look up and see a silver and shinny saucer. It was going too fast to be an airplane and there were no lights. It was there and gone in less than 10 seconds. We were amazed by the site. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Source elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));26.6057514195583;-80.125452681388
Dark saucer with bright blue lights landing next to souther blvd in florida;2013-10-26 22:00:00;15 seconds;dark saucer with bright blue lights landing next to souther blvd in florida I was driving on southern blvd going west to Jog road. when I was approaching the light at the Haverhill exit my friend yelled what the F.  (now I had already seen a UFO 2 other times in the last year but didn't really tell anyone about them cause they were not as significant.  my mom and sister were with me the first time and the second time I was with only my sister)  I looked where he pointed..  it was to the right side of the road and was slowly LANDING behind some buildings.  they looked pretty run down but it was dark and I don't remember too well..  it looked like a track discus and had bright blue lighting around the sides of it..  I plan on going back to the spot soon to take a look around.  maybe I mistook it for... cant imagine what..  I had my window down and started yelling at another person so they could see it too but they didn't hear me.  nobody believes me..  impossible to believe were alone in this universe and there aren't highly intelligent life forms capable of visiting other planets..  it drifted in slowly at a slight downward angle and slightly to my right.;26.6057514195583;-80.125452681388
Definitely not an airplane!;2014-04-07 21:00:00;~10 minutes;Definitely not an airplane! I was standing outside smoking a cigarette talking on the phone with my fiance and happened to look up and saw what I first thought was an airplane.  But after a few seconds it just stopped and hovered in the sky, not moving at all.   I could see what appeared to be blue, red and white lights so I tried taking a picture of it with my cell phone.   What appeared in the picture was a saucer shaped object with a dome in the middle.   I ran in to get my grandma and came out and it was gone.  I can't possibly be the only one who saw this.;26.6057514195583;-80.125452681388
