Large white ball with green tail seen in Owatonna, MN.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor?  PD));2015-08-04 23:59:00;1-2 seconds;Large white ball with green tail seen in Owatonna, MN.  I have seen UFO's before such as a dim moving star that would glow bright red and cause other stars to all but disappear.  I, however, never felt the need to report it, since I didn't have much of a description besides what I wrote in the sentence above and it didn't really look all that exciting either. That all changed the night before last night.  Me and a friend of mine were walking to the local gas station to buy some cigarettes, as I was looking towards my friend my eyes were drawn towards the night sky by the most surreal/gorgeous thing I have ever seen. It had white (hot?) ball that was leading the descent and that ball was surrounded in a green light -Im not sure what an aura is but thats how I always pictured one-that extended backwards into the bright green (and very long…at least 10X the diameter of the white ball/rock) tail.  I actually got a little lightheaded from seeing something so cartoonish shoved into my reality.  It looked like a moving painting with how bright and vivid it was against the night sky. The smoke trail was still visible cutting infront of the moon. Here are some reasons why it seemed strange to me: - It was so jaw droppingly surreal and incredibly larger than the meteors/comets that I would see on youtube - There was not a single sound, although it looked so big that I expected it had hit  somewhere close by, but I can't even find other sightings let alone an impact. There was no flaring up of what I assume were the green flames, instead it maintained a uniform color/burn during the couple of seconds it was in my view. I don't know if answers are given here, but if there's anyway someone know what that was or has seen something like that please let me know. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hello, Thank you for replying so promptly.  It could have been anything since this is the first thing of its kind that Ive ever seen.  But I will say that that I spent a significant amount of time between then and now trying to find a picture or video similar to what I saw.  I found green fireballs and green meteors but the ones i saw all seemed to have yellow or orange flames at the tip of the tail or even along the entire tail. This one's tail was glowing green and is the part that caught my eye the most.  I'm really interested to know if its normal that meteors can appear to be so close and vivid yet make no sound?  Are there any resources that you would know of besides this website to find out who else has seen this in the area so I could try to find a photo, I already miss the view. Thank you, ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));44.0793999999998;-93.2188000000012
