Glowing orange object;2003-01-15 23:00:00;10 Minutes;Glowing orange object I was out side about 11pm.  It was a clear starry night.  I noticed off in the distance to the north a glowing light.  It wasn't very high, maybe 1000 feet or less.  I kept watching because the light it omitted was different from any aircraft, but it looked like a candle under a white bag.  The shape was strange.  It appeared to have the shape of an old fashioned radio.  It was domed, but not saucer like.  The entire craft glowed, but you could clearly see what looked like burners (lights) on the bottom.  It could not have been an airplane, because it was moving very slow, but too fast to be a hot air balloon.  It just lumbered by then slowly veered to the right, then back to the left.  Then it seemed to just hover for a bit.  It then took on it original course and disappeared into the horizon.  I had a total viewing time of about 10 minutes.  I have no idea what it was.  I tried to take video of the event, but it was too dark and by the time I had the camera working it was too far away.  I saw it through my binoculars.  Strange!;38.6614;-121.2636
Round orange glowing globes flying over Sacramento skies March 31, 2013;2013-03-31 20:45:00;20 minutes;Round orange glowing globes flying over Sacramento skies March 31, 2013 At about 8:45pm my friend and I went outside to load his ampliphier  and guitars ine his car . As I was going into my house I noticed two lights in the western  sky  heading in a NE  directinpon over my nieghbors  house across the street. At first I thought it was the landing gear lights on an  large aircraft but they were too big and rhad more of an orange hue to them. Iran inside and grabbed my hd camcorder and began filming. As the objects  came nearer they flew at a level altitude and slowed .There was a low clouddeck that night of aabout 700-1000' , the objects where now ove the  house on the right. Ttthey began to go upward very slowly aand appeaared to fade into the clouds. They seemedgto be about 3-5' in diameter. As they came into sightfrom the west  or maybe sw sky they were traveling about 50-80  mph.  Theyslowed  to a  few mph or hoveras they ascended into the clouds . They all came from the same approximate location and went up about the same lo! cation, perhaps a little futher east  each time .. They were silent.  The closeups look as though they were almost translucent with a faint inner orb inside the larger orb and a nucleous that move around as well giving the appearance of a glowwing eyeball with the top pefectly flat. In some closeups theflat top almost looks like asolid cap of sorts covering thetop of the glowing object. Also on the shot were I am heard saying I see bats or bugs when I reviewedthis on a lrger screen later I realized it was neither. Rather it  looked more like light reflecting off of the clouds aroud it or another layer around it similiar to the glass balls at a science store that you touch and the static electricity makes little lightening strikes. Inside the glass ball. I don,t knowwhat those are ca,lled but they have a large one at our local discovery museum. Itried to pan in and out. Theneighbors you hear at the start are about 100' away. I had trouble seeing my camcorder screen so I unscrewed thespotlight on the garage  and later turned o! ut the porch light. I thout the last one went into the x clouds but it was behind the tree then I realized. It wasn't and filmed t till it did disappear into the clouds. Sorry my typing I isn't the best here.  The other witness is my best friend I've known for oover 30 yrs. I,ve lived in my home for 13 yrs. This is not  a prank or joke. This was real and I have no explanation of what we saw.;38.6614;-121.2636
Multiple UFO's filmed in HD with close-ups at night in Fair Oaks, CA 3-31-13;2013-03-31 22:45:00;15 minutes;Multiple UFO's filmed in HD with close-ups at night in Fair Oaks, CA 3-31-13 I was on my driveway helping my friend load his equipment into his car when I saw the first lights. They approached from the west and appeared to be an orange like color.  When I realized they were not aircraft I run inside my house grabbed my video camera and came out and began filming.  The crafted seemed to slow as they came almost overhead. I switched my camera to night vision.  They were silent.  On my video you hear me call for my neighbor Tommy whose party was ending and people where leaving.  You can hear my dog barking and traffic on our street and on a busy boulevard about a quarter mile away.  After watching it now I realized that the bugs or bats I referred to was actually a light being emitted and reflecting on the clouds.  The cloud deck was about 700 feet that night.  They flew in each time a little faster and from a more southern origin each time.  They appeared to be translucent which became more evident on a larger screen when the two ca! me in simultaneously.  They appeared to have a dome or a disk on the top of the craft that was not illuminated.  There seems to be an inner globe with a dark spot which gives the appearance of a eye lens possibly a camera?  Each time they ascended it seemed to be a little further North. I called my partner as it was happening. I shot them using a Sony Handycam set on regular for the first 30 seconds or so and the remainder on night vision.;38.6614;-121.2636
Metallic sphere hovering over edge of Folsom lake, California.;2016-06-04 19:45:00;7-8 minutes;Metallic sphere hovering over edge of Folsom lake, California. While walking my dog, I observed a circular object at 1945 hrs in the sky that was stationary.  It was a dark metallic color.  It struck me as odd that the shape was not moving.   The object was just below the cloud deck.  I thought maybe it was a raptor riding thermal currents but I thought this was not possible do to the stationary status of the object.  Besides, this object did not behaving like raptors I have viewed before over my neighborhood.   I observed the object for a full five minutes after which I went to my house to retrieve my bird watching binoculars (@ 1950 hrs).  When I returned to the same vantage point to view the object it was still staionary, in they sky, below the cloud deck, not having moved.  By this time it was 1952 hrs.   As I viewed the object with my binoculars I could see a slight glint or light on the western side of the object.  Suddenly the object vanished.  I had the strange feeling that the object knew I was observing it when it dissapeared.  I continued the watch in and around the same area of the sky for another five minutes ... it never reappeared.  If I were to pinpoint the location I would have to say the object was over the city of Folsom, Ca, north and slightly east by Folsom lake.   One thought that crossed my mind was that this may have been a mylar balloon, however at the height which I observed it, I don't believe that to be the case.;38.6614;-121.2636
