Fair Oaks, CA 1990's UFO Sighting;1992-09-30 20:00:00;<60 seconds;Fair Oaks, CA 1990's UFO Sighting I wish I could put a date to this.  I was very young roughly 4-6 but I want to say 5.  This puts the time frame between 1991 and 1993.  I believe it was in the late summer months possibly early fall.  It was dark so the time would be roughly 7pm to 9pm  PST.  Couldn't be much later than that I would've been forced into bed at  around 8:30.  Fair Oaks, CA.  Roughly 15-20 miles east of Sacramento.  Within 1/2 mile of the American River. It was silent.  It was moving slow and seemed to be only 50-100ft off the ground.  It was disc for the most part much like if you were to take two plates and stack one upside down onto the other.  It wasn't just a disc shape though.  Imagine you have the two plates again now take 3-4 small plates, saucers, stacked properly or and set the original two on top of them.  That would be pretty much to scale.  A large disc section with this lower section roughly 2/3 the diameter of the main section protruding.  This lower section is round and flat on the bottom, it has a taper to it.  Smaller at the bottom tapering to somewhat larger where it was joined with the large disc section.  All around the edge smaller bottom section were panels, each a rectangle, but only about 30 around the entire ship.  These panels ran the entire height of the lower section, the bottom had no features that I recall.  Each panel lit with each color imaginable, changing colors every second, not in some un! iform pattern, it seemed each was doing its own thing. I was on the lawn of my grandfathers house.  I believe some family members had been over that evening and they were about to leave.  There were roughly 5 of us out there.  I saw the craft, low and slow, going right down my street towards the river.  I reached out for it and started running after it as fast a small boy can.  I recall one of my sisters screaming at me to stop.  It was all so fast.  I reach out and start running, simultaneously she starts screaming, No Matthew Stop! I didn't.  I ran about 25 yards and I was keeping up with its slow pace but suddenly it sped up and I mean like snap your fingers, boom, it's gone. I've asked all my sisters about this incident none of them recall this ever happening, but I know at least one of them was there.  Brought it up to a few family members but I don't get taken seriously.  Guess I'm crazy. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date.  PD));38.6614;-121.2636
Took photos of unusual chemtrails, after photos developed last week, theres a picture of a yellow round object with blue around one sid;1999-03-03 17:00:00;photo;Took photos of unusual chemtrails, after photos developed last week, theres a picture of a yellow round object with blue around one side, like saucer on its side - from the two photos, its going from right to left on its side, thats from north to south.  I didn't see the object in the sky, just after the photos were developed.  Its very visible in two.  One it's approaching a large chemtrail, the other photo it's in the chemtrail.  Good photos, 35mm.camera See above - if you wish the photos, I will send them;38.6614;-121.2636
I saw a disk shaped black and white very sleek and shiny, at least a 1/4 mile in front of me able to travel very slow or very rapid;2003-10-18 13:30:00;4 min;I saw a disk shaped black and white very sleek and shiny, at least a 1/4 mile in front of me able to travel very slow or very rapid Driving home from the groceries I turned onto the street which would be the nearest cross street to mine.  About a quarter mile in front of me I saw a black and white craft initially I thought it was an airplane as it looked so new and shiny in the bright sun.  I was curious because of its sleek apearance that perhaps it was some new type private jet I just assumed I didn't see the wings because of the angle I was looking at it from the side.  However I continued to watch it and it turned and continued off to my left as I watched it I thought it was strange that it was so slow moving and to my surprise it came to a stop.  I watched it another minute and it finally took off I even stopped my car in the middle of the road.  After it took off and I tried to continue to track it because of all the trees in the neighborhood I lost sight.  I never saw any wings on this craft.  I drove home immediatly to see if I could see it from my house and so I could show my son but it was gone.  Curiously it was following the path of the American River, flew over the fish hatcheries there and then over lake Nimbus when I lost sight.  Another odd fact..we have a very large company on about 20 acres, Aerojet General who builds and tests rocket engines right along side the fish hatchery.  I was broken hearted when I didn't see any additional reports on yours nor any other sites.  I've never been given to flights of fantasy and it was the middle of the day. I did see it.;38.6614;-121.2636
