Three redish lights moving across the sky in absolute synchronicity. Lights were far too much apart to have been an airplane. Visible f;2000-03-11 19:04:00;6 minutes;Three redish lights moving across the sky in absolute synchronicity. Lights were far too much apart to have been an airplane. Visible for about six minutes. The lights disappeared one by one. On 3/11/00 at 7:04pm PST, our 16 year-old son invited my wife and I to step outside and view some lights in the sky. We all saw three redish-tinted lights moving across the sky at about 45 degrees elevation in the northeast. The lights were traveling from north to south at about the speed of an airliner at a long distance. The thing that really drew our attention was the way the lights moved in synch with each other--as if they were a single object. However, the lights were so far apart that to have been eminating from an airplane, the plane would have had to have been extrememly close and visible, which it was not. The lights had a slight flicker, but they definately did not blink or flash. At 7:06, the middle light disappeared completely and never reappeared. The other two lights continued to move across the sky at the same speed and at their original distance from each other. My wife and son say they saw the middle light fall downward very rapidly before disappearing. I was focusing on the left light and did not observe the fall. Though there were some areas of patchy clouds visable, there were none in that area of the sky. We then moved from the back yard to the front in order to continue watching the prossession. The two remaining lights moved across 80% of the sky over the next four minutes. At about 7:10pm the rightmost light disappeared. Initially, I thought it might have gone behind a bank of clouds to the south. A minute later the leftmost light also vanished suddenly. The lights had disappeared instantaneously--not gradually as they would have had they gone behind a cloud. When the clouds cleared a few minutes later, we confirmed the lights were totally gone. This phenomenon was clearly enough visible that it should have been witnessed from anywhere in the Sacramento area.;38.6614;-121.2636
