I saw really bright lights in the sky that was neither a plane or a helicopter.;2007-12-10 17:30:00;3-5 minutes;I saw really bright lights in the sky that was neither a plane or a helicopter. The time was between 17:30 and 17:40 hours. I had gotten off work at 17:00 and was headed to a family gym close to my home in Fair Oaks, CA. It was getting dark quickly and I could barely see the sun disappearing on the horizon in the west. I was traveling west on Fair Oaks Blvd which is the main street where my gym is located. I could see in the distance that there were unusual bright lights in the sky just a little to the left of my view. The lights appeared to be anywhere between 1500-2000 feet in the sky. The most notable features were that the lights were really bright and the object was motionless. Now I was thinking to myself, this could be helicopter hovering with its search light, but then I realized there was no cone affect or motion of a search light. I’ve seen those enough to not be fooled. This wasn’t a star because this really bright light was too close for observation, but too far to actually see a true form of the object. It wasn’t the moon because the moon is usually in the east and the really bright lights were too small to mistake for the moon. As I approached my gym I thought to myself to park as soon as possible and jump out and get a look at this sighting and to see if anyone else had seen it. At about 200 yards from the parking lot I took my last look at these really bright lights. The lights in the sky are still motionless and still not sure of the form of the object. I pulled into the parking lot and parked. I jumped out of my vehicle and looked up in the sky to see nothing. I looked west, south, east, and north. These lights were high enough that if they had moved in anyone direction I would be able to see for at least a half mile in any direction, but there was nothing, like there was never anything ever there at all. What could move that fast in 15-20 seconds? I’m very puzzled. I didn’t check any news reports or police reports because I’m still not sure. It’s bizarre because I’ve seen planes and helicopters move in the night sky. I can guarantee that if indeed it was a plane or helicopter I would have easily had a chance to see it move from the area as I got out of my vehicle.;38.6614;-121.2636
