strange flashing light hovering in the sky around 1 am in northern california.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Sirius??  PD));2011-02-06 01:00:00;hour;strange flashing light hovering in the sky around 1 am in northern california we went on our patio to smoke a cigarette, and looked at the stars. That's when we noticed one was flashing. It was flashing blue red yellow and green.  It went from only one to two to three then back to one.  It would be really bright then dim,then really bright again.  It just hovered there and at time move up and down and side to side.  It was definately too high for an airplane or a helicopter. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Sirius??  PD));38.6614;-121.2636
Flashing lights playing in the sky.;2014-03-18 21:30:00;20 minutes;Flashing lights playing in the sky Girlfriend called me at about 21:30 to tell me she's watching UFO's.  I walked out onto the balcony and saw the two objects she described.  They were constantly flashing different colors, some bright, some very dim.  The two objects looked as if to be playing with each other.  They would speed up, slow down to a hover, go vertical and do zigzags.  They were very far away to the North of Fair Oaks so I could not see the shape of the objects. I have never seen any aircraft that could move in this way, not even the new F-35.  At first I speculated it could be USAF doing tactical maneuvers in a way not seen before.  My girlfriend then told me that she, my aunt and cousin were seeing at least 5 of these lights maneuvering around.  I do not believe the military would practice in this way- many aircraft doing random maneuvers at night, nor do I believe any known aircraft can move at the velocities and trajectories I observed.  Girlfriend mentioned she watched some ! of them rise up vertically and then suddenly drop a long way before going back to a hover.  She also described seeing them multiply as if duplicating themselves.  There were no sounds.  After the objects disappeared, an airplane flew to the area and seemed to be investigating the air zone that the objects were in.  I could see that this was an airplane due to the type of flashing lights it had, as well as it's forward facing ''headlights''.  After a few minutes investigating the area it flew back South East with the typical sound you would expect to hear from an airplane.  Rough estimate about 20 minutes activity before they dimmed out and the airplane arrived to seemingly investigate.;38.6614;-121.2636
