Orange light traveling over Lake Chelan WA at 20,000 MPH with a course change.;2013-07-05 22:00:00;30 seconds;Orange light traveling over Lake Chelan WA at 20,000 MPH with a course change. On 5 July 2013 shortly before 2200 hours six adult witnesses including one Deputy Sheriff from Washington State were at a residence in Chelan Washington on the back deck of the residence overlooking Lake Chelan.  The deck of the residence faces northwest and looks out across Lake Chelan with an unobstructed view.  The weather was clear and about 75 degrees with some light haze to the north from a forest fire about 20 miles away but the sky was clear directly over the residence. The group of six adults were all together when we observed an orange light in the shape of a circle or orb.  The relative size of the object was difficult to determine but our estimation is that it was about the size of a Boeing 747.  We believe the object was at an estimated altitude of between 20,000 to 50,000 feet traveling from the northwest to the southeast.  We believe the object was moving about twice as fast as a visible satellite so a rough estimated speed may be 10,000 to 20,000 miles per hour.  The object made no noise as it passed overhead.  As the object passed over the house the group ran to the front of the residence facing southeast and observed the object make a course change from a southeast direction to a south direction.  The course change was obvious but not instant (more gradual like an airplane might make). The glow of the object was that of a yellow orange steady color.  The relative light being emitted by the object stayed steady as the object came into and went out of view.  It did not fade like a satellite does as it passes into and out of the shadow of the earth.  Again the size of the object was difficult to determine but the speed was about twice that of a typical satellite viewing.  Just to be safe we did check where ISS was using the iPad app Starwalk and it was not in view at the time.  In terms of size if you were to hold a dime out at arms length the diameter would have been a little more then half the size of the dime.  The observers included four people in their mid-30's, and two in their mid-60's.  The group includes a business banker, deputy sheriff, retired medical assistant, a business owner, and two stay at home moms.  3 of the 6 have bachelors degrees.  The word that comes to mind on this one is &quotunbelievable.&quot  We did some research and are aware of the Boeing X51 but we are pretty firm on our minimum speed estimates of at least 10,000 MPH (that is a very conservative estimate).  The X51 is only at 4,000 MPH.  About 30 minutes after the sighting and the initial call into the UFO Center giving the above information we did observe a commercial jet liner pass overhead traveling west.  Estimating that the jet was at 30,000 feet at about 400 MPH to 500 MPH this helped confirmed the above stated speed, size, and altitude.;47.8438;-120.0335
I was viewing the night sky directly overhead using a pair of 7X35 standard binoculars. Within a few seconds of putting my eyes to the;2020-09-06 22:00:00;45 seconds;I was viewing the night sky directly overhead using a pair of 7X35 standard binoculars. Within a few seconds of putting my eyes to the lenses I observed a small white dot about the size of the smaller stars that seemed to be traveling at a very high altitude.  Much higher than any aircraft. It was moving rapidly from the northeast to directly overhead.  My first thought was a satellite.  My second thought said it was traveling much too fast and deliberate to be a satellite.  As I continued to follow it, suddenly a second small white dot appeared, in my binoculars field of view, coming from the exact opposite horizon, the southwest, and was traveling at what appeared to be the exact same rate of speed as the other white dot . I then was remarkably able to view both white dots, traveling at the same rate of speed, directly opposing each other and on what appeared to be a collision course. I then had an odd thought that they were aware of each other and weirdly I fe! lt connected. Very strange feeling . They continued along a direct collision course and at the moment they reached each other they very quickly (literally in a moment) looped around each other in extremely close proximity as if they were playing and then each white dot preceded back in the opposite direction that it came from. I was able to watch both and as one disappeared from my binoculars field of view I continued to follow and watch the original one as far as I could until it disappeared over the Northeast horizon. This entire viewing only lasted between 30 and 45 seconds.  Amazing to me is out of all the stars present in this clear night sky during this event, these two small specs appeared crystal clear to me and as though they were communicating to me.;47.8438;-120.0335
