I am now a believer in UFO's because of my experience with a Green object last night.;2003-10-26 22:30:00;Aprox. 3 minutes;I am now a believer in UFO's because of my experience with a Green object last night. Last night while I was waiting for my girlfriend to get home from work I became bored with computer work so I went outside to look at the success of my attempt at burning leaves. I live out in the country and the only light was from my porch light and a large streetlight that’s on the side of the house. After attempting to see if anything was burned and realizing it was too dark I took a deep break and looked up to see if I could see any stars. (Before I was heavily into computers I was very interested in astronomy so sometimes I just look to see what is out there). It was quite cloudy so I really couldn’t see any so I turned opposite of the house to look see if I could see any peaking between clouds. When I turned I noticed an object that looked green with a glow. As a very skeptical person at first I thought to my self that it was some airplane. Then I realized after further observation that it was not an aircraft and it was like something I remember seeing when I was about 10 years old at my grandparents’ house in Ozark, Alabama. I watched it closely and tried not to blink. After what seemed to be a very long time because I was so full of excitement, but was realistically around 3 to 5 minutes the craft flashed an orange-red color and then disappeared.  What I think is the most odd part and a part that actually gets me nervous for some reason, is the fact that I didn’t mention it to my girlfriend when she came home, nor did I even think about it the rest of the night. It wasn’t until this morning when I went to survey the progress my fire had made in the daylight I then remember what had happened. I ran inside and realized my girlfriend had already left for work and I had no one to tell. I then got on the Internet and searched for any information I could find about other sightings in my area and found a few, but none were like what I saw. I eventually found the National UFO Reporting Center’s website and reported my sighting.  As a person who was previously into astronomy and who used to wonder about life on other planets, but thought they were too far away to visit here and figured that most cases were hoaxes, I am now a true believer.;38.5684597402596;-89.8966575757576
