Outside of Belleville, a large disc flew toward us, hovered in mid air for a couple minutes then flew away.;1985-07-15 23:00:00;2-3 minutes;Outside of Belleville, a large disc flew toward us, hovered in mid air for a couple minutes then flew away. I’ve been reading over some of the reports on this site and I thought I’d take the plunge and report the UFO that I saw in the summer of 1985.  The date is not exact, it was in the summer but it could have been in 84 or 86.  Also, just to clarify, when I say UFO, I mean that as strictly an unidentified flying object because that is what I saw I make absolutely no claim that it was military, extraterrestrial, or something else altogether.  My mother and I where driving into Belleville at night.  A few miles from the small airfield at Mountainview we saw a large metallic disc flying towards us from the direction of Belleville.  We slowed to a stop and watched it.  It came to a stop about 100 feet in front of us and hovered about 50 feet in the air.  My mom and I were both speechless and just watched it for about 2 minutes.  It was very large (maybe 30 or 40 feet in diameter) and it didn’t make a sound.  I could only hear the crickets chirping in the grass.  It didn’t have any lights around it but (this sounds goofy, I know) it had what looked like a window or a windshield of some sort.  I remember looking in it trying to see if I could see anybody.  I couldn’t.  It was like looking into a 2nd story window of a house, all I could see was the ceiling.  It wasn’t frightening at all I remember only a profound sense of awe.  After it had hovered there for about 2 minutes it flew off in the direction of Trenton (it’s probably relevant to point out that there is a large military base located there).  Its flight was very smooth and extremely fast—it was gone in seconds.  The flight path of the thing was like a V, coming from Belleville, stopping in front of us, then flying toward Trenton.  I personally have never heard of any aircraft that can fly that pattern, that fast, stopping in mid air, and never make a single sound.  When it was gone, I looked over to my mom in the passenger seat and asked her if she had seen it too.  She said, Yes, but let’s never tell anybody.  I agreed.  Years later I told my sister about it and she didn’t believe me (no surprise), so I told her to phone mom and ask her for herself.  She did and my mom said quite plainly, I don’t talk about that.  Not corroborating evidence that would hold up in court but the fact that my mother didn’t deny it and at least implied that there was something to ‘not’ talk about convinced my sister.  So that’s what I saw.  I can’t prove it but I swear it’s the truth.  No little green men, no lights in the sky that would more accurately fit the description of a LEO satellite, but one very large metallic disc just hanging there in the air in front of me.  I really wish I knew exactly what it was and where it was from. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD));44.1706602941177;-77.3837654411765
I was driving back to Cornwall ontario from burlington for thanksgiving. It was approximately 0245 -0300 hours in the am. It was at the;2009-10-13 02:45:00;5 seconds;I was driving back to Cornwall ontario from burlington for thanksgiving.  It was approximately 0245 -0300 hours in the am.  It was at the start of Belleville travelling from Toronto.  On the side of the road, 40 feet off their was a fiew lightpost near the edge to a field.  Some trailers were also parked near these lamps and I just plainly seen it hovering about 2.5 stories above the lamp post.  This thing was huge, i mean huge, and I trully, trully feel priviledged to see this with my own eyes and at such a close distance at that.  I'm sure about 4-5 other cars on the road must have seen it as this this was BIG!  It was just hovering above and not doing anything, no noise or wind from the craft.  Theirs a reason why psyphy depicts them as circular saucers and this one was no exeption. It looked exactly in the movies. It had 4 circular lights under it but they were not in the middle of the craft.  They were kinda grouped and at the side of the underside of the craft facing away.  They were quite weird lights as they were clearly visible but emited absolutely no kind of lights nor beams of lights.  Just hovering in the night on the side of the road from highway 401 east.  I have never been so scared in my life.  My eyes were actually tearing as i almost crashed off the road in utter amasement.  I dont know why i was crying, its almost as if my body forced it, a natural process?  It was uncontrolable.  It was a dark color of some short, maybe black/grey.  This was kinda hard to judge as it was late and hard to see, let alone driving down the highway and seeing this thing.  So i have absolutely nothing to gain by this but hopefully this gets to the government as i am sure they keep track and what not.  If something were to ever happen years down the road, i hope we as human society will be ready because this thing was damn big and too be hovering with no noise nor wind- thats technology. i may be contacted by email at ((e-mail deleted)) if anyone is interested in further information although that! s basically it.;44.1706602941177;-77.3837654411765
