I saw the same type of UFO at two different times in my life, once at age nine and again at age 30.;1972-06-30 05:00:00;5-10 mins. ea.;I saw the same type of UFO at two different times in my life, once at age nine and again at age 30. I saw the same type of UFO twice in my life.  The first time I was nine years old. I had the habit of getting up very early in the morning.   One morning I got up around 5 a.m., I believe, looked out our picture window and saw it. It was a large round silver craft flying very low and slow. It had no windows or lights.  Needless to say, I went back to bed very quickly!  The second time I was thirty years old and had my young daughter with me. She did not see the craft for some unknown reason.  I had just gotten off work and was sitting in my car in the turnoff lane to go to McDonalds.   This day it was nearly 12 noon.  On the right side of the highway there is a bank with a ridge of trees.  The same type craft, large, round and silver suddenly appeared over those trees.  Once again, it had no lights or windows.  It stopped right nearly directly over my car and hovered sort of like a helicopter and then it took off very fast!  I thought that I would see it as I headed home.  You know how fast a jet moves, even when it is flying very low?   This thing had to have been AT LEAST 1000 times faster!    I didn't see it on the way home, nor did I ever hear anyone else say they had seen anything strange in town that day around noon.;35.903;-82.2875999999998
Glowing silverish sphere type object, with bright swirling, varying illumination.  Sphere appears quite often.;2012-11-02 22:00:00;Up to 30 min;Glowing silverish sphere type object, with bright swirling, varying illumination. Sphere appears quite often. While I go outside regularly to smoke a cigarette, my wife usually joins me.  Her and I have seen an object East of where we live.  As I try to keep an eye on whatever it is, it moves in uniform.  However, I checked the times of this objects appearance, for it only seems to appear around 11PM to 12AM. Furthermore, this object doesn't seem to be an airplane, because, it is stationary.  When it does decide to move, it moves like no helicopter I've seen.  It moves in a darting motion, for an instant stopping hover. There seems to be no noise but, the object it quite far East of where we are located. As I have been very interested in aircraft, this object seems to be nothing of this world. But, it has lights that look to sparkle like a stars glowing twinkle.  At a distance, I thought it were to be an aircraft because, it looks like the lights that glow from it could be red and green.  However, what makes me believe this to be no standard aircraft is the way it moves. I have a feeling it could be a military experiment, for it appears at the same time, several nights out of the week.  I have just started documenting sightings because I see this object quite often. My wife has also witnessed this object, and pointed it out to me.  As I have seen this object before, just never mentioned it to her because, I didn’t want her to think I was a crazy person. Appearance times are: 11 PM-12 AM, East of Burnsville, NC. Object description: The object is a circular shape, like looking at a floating ball. Color: Looks like a silver ball, bright swirling illumination (Lights could be red, green, orange, white).  The object’s color is too difficult to see without a telescope, and or binoculars.  However, object can be seen VERY clearly, to know it’s there.;35.903;-82.2875999999998
