Kentucky fireball.;2016-06-15 00:00:00;5 minutes;Kentucky fireball. I don't have a word processor.  I used to be an avid coon hunter.  I have spent more time outside at night than most people I would assume.  In all that time I never saw anything that was unexplainable.  We watched planes very regularly as they get in line from all over above Washington county in order to land in Louisville.  I got good enough to where I could use stars to navigate back to my truck as we would often end up several miles away from our starting point.  My ex wife and I had 5 kids between us.   One evening it was clear outside we had enjoyed a rare kid free day, but used it cleaning and organizing our house.  We lived way out in the country and realized around 11 pm we was going to run out of cigarettes.  There were no local stores open this late so we decided to take a nice evening drive to Harrodsburg to a store we knew stayed open til midnight it was about a 25-30 min drive from our house.  We went and on our way back I was driving we had the radio on n! ot real loud though.  We was quiet listening to music.  We was on the stretch of road about 6 miles long that connects macville to willisburg.  All of a sudden it was pretty far in the distance but this fireball shoots across the sky and it was good size but traveling at a very high rate of speed.  Immediately, it was so odd that it ran cold chills and goosebumps all over my body.  I was in shock this object appeared to look like the tip of a sparkler on 4th of July.  I wasn't going to say anything to my wife, but she said oh my God did you see that?  And I said yes I wasn't going to say anything because I wasn't sure if you seen it.  She said no I seen it.  Then she said oh my God look and I looked out of the passenger window and it had reappeared above a field this time much closer and this time it was hovering.  I was looking back and forth to keep from having a wreck.  She was freaking out and very afraid.  Then she turned around and said oh my god, it's right behind us  I couldn't see it at this point I was too afraid to turn and look out of fear of having a wreck this is a very dangerous road as animals are always a problem.  I had this overwhelming feeling we was being followed and watched.  We made it home and ran in the house we both couldn't believe it and was both afraid.  Nothing else happened but I will swear this to be the truth and I will never forget this.  This was not a shooting star plane comet although I thought it was until I seen it hovering. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));37.8395;-85.1321
