two craft dropping from the sky maybe chasing a meteor? and then rejoining as one and disappearing;2008-07-01 00:25:00;40 minutes;two craft dropping from the sky maybe chasing a meteor? and then rejoining as one and disappearing ...This event took place, Tuesday,  July 1, 00.25, over the city of Guelph, Ontario, Canada.    Initially, We thought we were seeing a bolide, or a very large meteor, which appeared directly overhead, very near the star Vega, in the constellation of Lyre.  As it proceeded directly northward, it increased, then decreased in brightness, and once more  increased magnitudinally,  and subsequently exploded into at least two parts, each diverging from the other, with the contrail appearing white, and the point of fracture an electric blue.  The time of the transit from zenith, or first appearance overhead, to obscurity, due to local roof tops, ( approx. 15 degrees above N) was estimated to be between 8 to 10 seconds. Now this would normally be considered a natural celestial event, were it not for the events that followed 15 minutes later.  While discussing what we had just seen, and looking straight upward, again, in the region of Vega, and through a thin ridge of Cirrus,  Two objects,  the brightness a bit less of Arcturus, suddenly dropped into the sky, and proceeded on a track Nothward and slightly West of the track of the meteor we had seen earlier.  These two objects were what i would describe as being a delta form wing,  almost bird-like, yet, gave not notion of being avian in intent or motion.  In fact, they reminded me of old Korean War era jet fighters with everything removed from the cockpit and wing on down...they had no tail assembly.  I thought perhaps they may be geese or something, yet, their light was constant and almost seemed internal, and not reflective at all.  The light from these objects did not change at all due to the ambient city lighting.  There was no sense of fluttering or wing motion.  They simply 'floated', did zig zags, heading Northward, and one always seemed to go off course, then return, as if seeking something.  The two would diverge, converge, and fly in unison.  At one point, within a second, one returned to the other in the snap of a finger, travelling si! deways. Lateraly, at speed.  These were no geese!!  There was no noise, no contrails, just the off white, egg shell glow, and they did travel quickly.  The time elapsed from dropping from the sky overhead to disappearance would be roughly estimated as 40 seconds.   I have no idea of size or speed, other than the were below the cirrus cloud from which they appeared, (20 K?) and travelled 70 degrees of sky withinin 40 seconds.  And  they were in clear sky all the way northward after the cirrus bank.   As my friend and i had discussed at the time, they seemed to be Searching.  Perhaps it was coincidental with the meteor.  OK... AND then, as if it could not get stranger, again overhead,  an object , not 20 minutes after the sighting of the two 'floaters', comes, from the south , a Tube or a Cylinder, again with the same glow, heading perhaps towards Toronto. And the reason i say towards Toronto is because a comercial jet flew its normal track 3 minutes earlier and this tubey thing seemed to fly in that direction.  I do not have friends in,  or access to ATC..but 5 will get ya 10 that either RADAR or one of the pilots saw something tonight.   There are things we see and things we miss, but having seeing this, i cannot dismiss the things that are in my gut.   Something fell from the Sky tonight.  Two things went and looked for it.  Later, a device, either conjoined or unique to itself, flew over my head.  Same colour, yet, as we thought, together.;43.5481803508772;-80.2506915789473
