4 reports of unknown objects;2005-07-15 22:00:00;15 SEC.;4 reports of unknown objects I went out on my front porch as I often like to watch the stars at night in the summer and when I looked up right above my home which at that time was right in the center of the city, I saw something just sitting below the clouds above my home. I saw a red light attached to something that was just sitting in the air not moving and then all of a sudden this thing just rises incredibly fast into the cloud cover above it and disappears.  A few weeks later I was again out at night doing the same thing and this time I was looking at the stars themselves when one of them began to move very fast, it was just a point of light very high up and I thought it was a star at first till it cut across the sky and then turned and disappeared into space.  My first expierence with weird stuff in the sky was in the early 90's, I had been out late at night and when I got home that's when everything got strange.  First off I was completely sober and when I went into my home I felt very unusual.  I also behaved strangely, I am afraid of the dark and don't like being in dark rooms alone unless a light is on. This night I walked into my dark house never turned on any lights and went and stood in the livingroom, I just stood there doing and thinking nothing and suddenly had an urge to go out the front door which we never used. We always used the back door to go in and out of the house. When I opened my door there was a huge ball of white light in the sky across from my home, this thing was massive and as I watched it I went out onto the porch.It glided or floated, it moved slowly and it passed behind a large maple tree, I remember wondering why it didn't come out the other side right away, it should've because of the size, so I went down the street to look around the tree but it was gone. I turned around and started to walk back to my house, I have no memory of getting to my house and it wasn't till a year later that I remembered this night.I got up the next day after this event and acted like nothing happened. Very weird.  My husband also had a sighting involving a large craft with 5 blue lights,I think it was stop sign shape or something like that. He works nights at a factory outside the city and he said that some guys were at a door and called him over they told him there was a ufo but by the time he got there it had passed over so he ran to the back of the plant by himself and saw the craft pass over and a short time later he saw a military jet coming flying through the sky, stop on a dime and turn in the direction of the craft. This was only an hour away from the Toronto airport but fairly high up in the sky he said.This also happened shortly after my first sighting in the early 90's. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.5481803508772;-80.2506915789473
