Blueish green sphere moving back an forth on top of Mountain.;2014-07-09 22:00:00;40 seconds;Blueish green sphere moving back an forth on top of Mountain. Blueish sphere on top of mountain moving slowly back and forth.  Sphere moved to the right roughly 100 yards then began to move back and forth again.   The light moved down the mountain about 75 yards then back to the top.   The sphere was changing from blue to green to blue it then shot down the mountain just above the tree line and sped off to the right at an tremendous speed.;44.0619;-71.6733
Strange light in distance mysteriously vanished;2019-04-25 07:45:00;~10 minutes;Strange light in distance mysteriously vanished So me and my buddy ((male name deleted)) we’re sitting at this road pulloff in the Kancamagus Highway at about a quarter to eight.  I’m pretty sure it was the highest point on the way up the mountain.  Out of nowhere we see this light in the distance that just looks like a normal light in the distance.  I give an assumption that it’s either a planet or just a really bright star.  However, as we look an just talk about what possible planet it might be we see an aircraft with a pretty obvious chemtrail goin in the direction of the light.  As that aircraft grew closer to the light it started to do something strange. The closer the aircraft got to the light it started to do a weird shift in brightness.  As if though the light saw what was approaching.  The light started to shift in some sort of pattern like a kind of blinking.  That’s when me and my friend thought something was strange.  We were joking around because we thought it was normal but then it started to pulsate an slowly vanished. The longer I looked to the sky the less I could believe what just happened.  As quickly as we realized the light was there it vanished.  The only thing I could think of that may have obstructed our view was a very small cloud.  However even then I waited to see if this light may return. It did not.  My eyes couldn’t believe what happened.  The light was there one second and as if it was spinning it faded slowly away. It honestly frightened me to the point where I need to reassure myself multiple times that I was not the only person who saw it.  I’m an avid hiker an I’ve seen the skies many times to know the difference between a normality and a anomaly. But I hope you can maybe figure out what this may have been because that’s the weirdest thing I’ve ever seen in the sky.  I believe this may have been an extraterrestrial.;44.0619;-71.6733
Sphere shaped craft disappears in the sky.;2019-04-25 19:41:00;~2 minutes;Sphere shaped craft disappears in the sky. Location On the top of the Kancamangus Highway, NH, at the height of the land Lincoln side.  My friend and I were watching the sunset over the mountains when we noticed a sphere shaped objects that was over the mountains.  According to the map that was at the lookout we where in the object was floating above the East Pond trail.   At first we thought the objects could’ve been a planet until a plane was starting to get closer to it.  At that moment it appeared that the object started to pulse, then fade.  The pulse moved on the object in a constant rhythmic pattern from one side to the other.  The fad away also started on the same side and moved in such a way.  After the event I made sure to get a photo of the location with a time stamp of 19:41.  Unfortunately, the object was to far away for me to get a photo of it, but this event will always be remembered.;44.0619;-71.6733
