Two UAPs seen on September 26, 2020 from Pemigewassett Overlook.;2020-09-26 20:30:00;15 minutes;Two UAPs seen on September 26, 2020 from Pemigewassett Overlook. The weekend of September 26th and 27th of 2020, a friend and I were visiting Lincoln, NH.  I wanted to the see the site thought to be where Betty and Barney Hill were abducted, and my friend wanted to go Geocaching.  On the evening of September 26, 2020, we decided to go to the Pemigewassett overlook, and do a little sky watching.  We got to the overlook after dark, around 8pm.  The weather was partly cloudy, temperature in the mid 50’s, and windy.  We got out a couple of camping chairs and sat to watch the sky.  Around 8:30pm, we noticed a bright red flash on the west edge of a cloud bank that was to our north.  An object emerged from the cloud bank, traveling from west to east.  The object appeared to be triangular, with alternating red and white pulsating lights.  The lights would start at the east edge and alternate red/white moving toward the west edge of the object.  The object was approximately 1000-1500 ft in the air, and was at an approximate 70 degree! angle above the ground.  At that distance, with arm outstretched, the object measured approximately ¼ to 3/8 of an inch.  The pulsating lights made the edges slightly difficult to distinguish. The edge of the object was approximately 1/8 of an inch in height (also slightly difficult to distinguish due to the lights). The object moved slowly from west to east, and was completely silent.  The object was in view for approximately 20 to 30 seconds, and then disappeared into the cloud bank.  While not completely familiar to the area, the object was estimated to be about ¼ of a mile away, based on previously seen landmarks.  Shortly after this object disappeared, a second areal phenomenon was seen. This consisted of a bright, homogeneous, rectangular, white light in the western sky. Unlike, a meteor, the light was homogeneous, did not taper, “unrolled” (similar to how a roll of tape would unroll if it didn’t stick to itself), stayed in this elongated state briefly, and then disa! ppeared all at once. This phenomenon occurred to the west of u! s, and w as oriented (unrolled) from the NW to the SE.  Since I was not familiar with landmarks to the west, it’s difficult to estimate how far away it was, and the altitude, however, it appeared to be higher up in elevation than the triangular object was.  With the arm outstretched, it was located at a 70-80 degree angle above the ground, and measured approximately an inch in length, with a width of approximately 1/8 of an inch. This phenomenon was in view for about 1 second. No noise was associated with this phenomenon.;44.0619;-71.6733
