My girl friend and I were leaving Ferriday La. about 10:00Pm. one night and just as we got even with the rest area about 3 miles out of;1984-06-01 22:00:00;8 seconds;My girl friend and I were leaving Ferriday La. about 10:00Pm. one night and just as we got even with the rest area about 3 miles out of town I looked up and there were seven rocket shaped UFos just starting across the road realy slow, I pulled off the road and looked straight up at them and they were like nothing I had ever seen before, They were completly silent,they were flat black and had these strange fins at the back and in the middle with like cilender shaped things at the end of the fins like ray guns,they proceeded across the road at a snails pace and just kept going.We took off and my girl friend said what in the hell was that ,I said I don't know but they wern't American,I don't even think they were from planet earth. We kept going toward Horse shoe lake and just as we got about the middle of Horse shoe lake suddenly there was a big hot red ball of fire coming down on the other side of the lake, as it neared the Earth it broke into three pieces and went down on the other side of the lake. My girl friend realy freeked out but I allready knew about alien space craft from my experience in the army.I was catching a military hop from Ft. Polk, La when a Airforce Pilot sat down beside me, He threw me a half inch thick book and ask me if I wanted some good reading. I looked at the book and inside a red square were these words TOP SECRET OFFICIAL US AIRFORCE FILES ON UFOS. I told him that I couldn't read it because it was marked top secret, He said go ahead their giving them to all the new pilots to prepare them for what they might see.So I began reading it and it realy blew my little country boy mind there were hundreds of pictures of UFO's of every discription. And with the pictures were complete follow up reports. One picture was of a old house the jets took one picture at 10,000 feet and another at 20,000 feet, it had a chimney and a front porch and every thing.The followup report said it just kept going right out of radar range.another was a huge disc shaped craft hovering over a high power line and like streaks of lightning going up from the power lines to the craft, the follow up report said the metering station reported missing 80,000 watts of electricy.There were cigar shaped ones triangle shaped ones many disc shaped ones, all kinds.There were interveiws with people who had seen aliens and of those that had been abducted and discriptions of alliens and pictures people had drawn of aliens. I promise you that as hard as it is to believe every word is true, I know the Government knows about alien space craft they just don't want the people to know so they cover it up. Thanks: ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));31.6643;-91.5521
