bright light graduating from middle of craft from dim to bright at top. two strong outboard lamps;1985-08-15 20:00:00;5 minutes;bright light graduating from middle of craft from dim to bright at top. two strong outboard lamps My girl friend and I were driving west to Elk Lake, WI, coming from Eau Claire, Wi (about an 8 mile trip). It was several minutes until the sun light was gone. She was driving and I noticed to my right a County Squad car was parked on the wrong side of the road on an over-pass above I-94. The red lights were on and I could see the officer looking toward the west (the direction we were traveling) with his hands at his head as if holding binoculars. Traveling further west I commented on how fast the on-coming traffic was traveling. Speed limit is 45 MPH and cars were heading east-bound traveling at an estimated speed of 75 MPH or better (estimated of course). We had crested the first hill and I commented on a low flying what appeared to be an airliner. The plane and us closed distances after we crested the second hill and I said, I think he is going to crash. I then told her to speed up because I think that he is going to crash on us. It came to a stop above a 20 acre pond and just hovered there. I told her to stop the car and she slowed down to about 15 MPH. I opened the car door and looked up about 250 ft on an obtruse angle. I remember looking from one end to the other judging it to be approximately 300 yds in length and just as wide. At that time two huge bright lights came on shining straight down on the pond illuminating it like daytime. I told her again to stop and she floored it as she was scared and crying. When we arrived home a few short minutes later I grabbed my camera and returned to find nothing there. The object made no sound. When the lights came on you could feel the energy in the atmoshere. It reminded me of tank xenons. The craft appeared like cutting a 747 in half then adding that like fron section to the rear pointing backwards. The width of the craft was the same and intersected at the middle of the first described assembly. Light from the center of these sections (starting half way up from the center-line toward the top) graduated from dim to quite bright at the ! top. Thi s is what made it look like the cigar configuration. I called the Sherrif's Dept. (anonymously) and asked if anyone had seen anything that night. The answer was, No. I then called the Eau Claire Municipal Airport and asked if they had any traffic that night. Again I was told no. That airport has not had any airline (large planes) for years. People laugh when I tell them the story but I know what I saw quite clearly and I also know what I did not hear. Take it for what it's worth but that's the truth.;44.8224753374227;-91.5072263803716
