Four sets of four circular, white globes, in infinity;2003-09-15 18:00:00;25-40 minutes;Four sets of four circular, white globes, in infinity I am reporting to THIS site, years after the fact, as I had not priorly known of this particular reporting area although I have left reports on other UFO sites. It left such and impression on me, that I feel the need to get the sighting to as many folks as possible who are interested and believe there are UFOs here.  I was just watching a show on the PHOENIX SIGHTINGS, and thought I SHOULD report my sighting here (as suggested on the show and that some folks do wait months to send in sightings).  On a warm evening about 3-4 years ago, I had just put the kids to bed, and had gone to let the dog out in the yard. The sky was partly cloudy, but not completely overcast. One could see the shapes of clouds against the suburban lit night and in some directions, stars were showing through.  I looked above our house, and I could not believe my eyes, yet, it was all there as plain as day, as if it were milk, in the glass cases at the local mart. I had always expected that if I was going to see strange lights in the sky, it would be out in the wilderness, as we spend lots of time in the Adirondacks, and, I had formerly lived in the Catskills (and we have seen our share of shooting stars, etc.)  however, seeing this set of lights in suburban North Jersey, was just amazing, and clearly, very different from anything that I had ever seen before.  The formations were of 4 SETS of four lights stretching from the east (Parsipanny area) to the west (Mendham/Randolph/Shongum Mt. area). They could have been covering 7-10 miles in total. They were about plane’s altitude above the house. One set was right above my neighborhood (The Fairchild neighborhood), one set was further east perhaps Cedar Knolls/Parsipanny),  two other sets were further west, towards Randolph/Washington Valley area.  Within in each IDENTICAL set of lights were four smaller, white,  round, globes which moved in a rapid clover leaf like/”infinity” pattern - never touching each other, and always staying in the same circumference. There was not a sound coming from these formations.  All four sets had these four lights moving in the same “infinity” pattern, but not in complete timed unison with each other.  I ran in the house to get my husband and the phone. I got a flashlight to “try and signal back”.  We did not have a digital camera, or a video camera at the time, nor a phone camera, or, I would have grabbed one of those items.  My son who was about 3-3 1/2 at the time was peering at them from his window.  My neighbor, a fireman,  came out via my husband’s beckoning, and they were standing on his stoop in awe.   We live near to Newark and Morris County airports, but these were most definitely not planes, as we are in the flight patterns of many large and small planes, and helicopters we are frequented by the sights and sounds of planes constantly. These sets of lights did not move. These were also not the “attention floods” used for celebrations or grand openings of businesses. There WAS NO BEAM of light coming up from the ground, nor coming down, or forward as search lights in helicopters, or a plane’s path lights.  Each set stayed in the same spot for about 20-40 minutes.  I can not remember exactly, however it was long enough for me to call the police, call my Mom, and call one of my good friends.  When I called the police, they did say that other people had reported seeing the strange lights in the sky. I had inquired about any noted celebrations where folks might have had “attention floods” beaming up, but none could be noted. I have also seen the “flash lights” that the local Morris County Airport shooting up on cloudy nights near Rt. 24, but these would never have been visible in my neighborhood, and not in four distinct sets over such a large area of geography.  I went out to walk around the neighborhood to see if I could get a better view, but at this point, the clouds were clearing, and then lights were gone but, I did not get to see how they dispersed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));40.846;-74.4874
