Long silver cigar shaped object witnessed moving slowly across sky from east to west.;2020-08-07 04:30:00;3 minutes;Long silver cigar shaped object witnessed moving slowly across sky from east to west. In the early morning hours on Friday, August 7th of 2020, I witnessed something truly amazing.   Approximately 4:30am, I awoke from falling asleep on the couch as I often do from working late hours.  I got up and went over to the dining room window to close it when I looked up and noticed a bright light in the sky.  I thought to myself, is that the comet?  But I quickly realized it was an aircraft as I noticed it’s lights flashing and I could hear it’s familiar sound.  As the plane flew over and disappeared, I looked up to the left and to my utter amazement and surprise, I saw a huge object appear.  The sky was still dark but was starting to get that early morning glow just before the sun starts to rise. 	I said to myself, what the hell is that?  With my cell phone in hand I quickly went out to the balcony and tried to take a video of the slowly moving object, but in my haste of trying to blow up the craft’s image, I very regrettably kept losing it in my camera view.  I went back inside to the dining room window and tried to capture it there but it went behind a huge tree.  It was then that I noticed my boyfriend, standing behind me and he stated, “Honey, what are you doing?”  “I’m looking at this thing in the sky,” I replied. 	This large craft finally made its way out from behind the tree, and we were able to witness what I was seeing.  I just stared at it in utter amazement, wondering what in the world it could be.  It was gigantic, long and cigar shaped.  This craft had a silver like appearance.  There were no lights.  It made no sound, whatsoever.  We just stood there in silence as this incredible thing glided across the sky for about 2-3 minutes, until it went behind a large hazy cloud.  We both turned to each other and exclaimed, “I think we just saw a UFO!” 	I have always been very interested in the paranormal, UFO’s, the unexplained phenomena that lingers all around us since a very young age after having several experiences myself that continue to happen to this day.  My boyfriend enthusiastically shares my interest and we watch countless programs on these subjects.  But I never had a UFO encounter before and I often wondered what it would be like and how I would feel at that moment, always believing that I would be shaking with terror.  Well, I finally got my moment and I can honestly say that I was not scared in the least.  I was extremely calm and awestruck, and I had a big smile on my face knowing deep in my soul that what we just witnessed was true and very real.  We saw a UFO.;45.7636;-122.8975
