Red light seen in sky over Scappoose, Oregon, Feb 8th, 2014, during snow storm.;2014-02-08 23:00:00;20 seconds;Red light seen in sky over Scappoose Oregon, Feb 8th 2014 during snow storm. I am writing this since I noticed someone else in the same general area saw something similar, just on different days.  As for the exact date, I may be off by a day either direction but it was during a snow storm that hit this area dropping a foot of snow over a few days (first week of Feb 2014).   It was late in the night, my best guess would be 10:30-11:00pm.  The snow was coming down pretty good and the cloud cover was very low.  I was sitting in my house when I heard a loud but muffled boom coming from the direction of my neighbors house behind me.  Then about 10-15 seconds later, I heard the exact same sound once again.   At this point, I got up from what I was doing and decided to go take a look outside to see what this noise was coming from.  I went outside on my porch, took a look around but did not see anything out of the ordinary.   I then left the covered area of my porch and started walking outside and as soon as I got to the bottom step of my porch, I looked up into the sky and saw a bright red light hovering just below the cloud layer directly above me.   At first it almost appeared to be an emergency flare but it just stayed in one spot, had no direction of travel at all.  Being former military, I am pretty familiar with the different style and type flares used and I have never seen one do what I saw that night.   For about 10-15 seconds it stayed motionless just below the cloud layer, emitting a bright red glow from the objecs which was lighting up the bottom of the clouds.   What happened next is the reason why I know this wasn't an emergency flare:  the object then shot upwards through the clouds at a decent rate of speed.   That was the last visual contact I had with this object and haven't seen it or anything like it since that night. Besides the boom prior to the visual sighting (unknown if related), no sound was associated with this object. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));45.7636;-122.8975
