UFO 1/10 of a mile away seen for 10 minutes in Scappoose, Oregon;2001-05-12 21:45:00;10 minutes;UFO 1/10 of a mile away seen for 10 minutes in Scappoose, Oregon I was driving northbound on Highway 30 from Portland, Oregon to Astoria, through a small town called Scappoose at approximately 9:45pm on Saturday, May 12, 2001.  (There's really not all that much to describe about Scappoose other than the fact that it, like my hometown, Astoria, sits alongside the Columbia River.)  Just out of town, in the sky, I noticed a very bright yellow/white light descending -- straight down and northerly.  I pulled my truck off to the side of the highway so that I could get a better look at it.  My first thought was that it was a meteorite and I was concerned that, because of its speed, size and direction, it was going to hit the Pacific Ocean!  As it got closer, I noticed it wasn't as far away as I had originally thought, so, ever more curious, I got back on the road.  Then it went behind a hill with large pine trees -- or so I thought.  Assuming it was going beyond the horizon, rather than IN the trees, I figured it was just a (REALLY BIG) shooting star and the “show was over.”  But as I neared the hill, I saw that it had morphed into an actual ship.  Bright lights -- ((colors temporarily deleted until investigation is completed)) -- began blinking within the trees and the craft rose straight up out of the trees.  I pulled the car over again, in disbelief, and watched it for a few seconds. It began moving as though it were going to cross the highway, so I got back on the road after two cars drove by.  The craft, wider than the 4-lane highway and approximately 10 feet above the telephone wires (50 feet up), flew directly over the cars.  Both cars’ brake lights came on, but neither stopped!  I sped up, and as it crossed the highway, I anxiously looked for a road to turn down.  I turned east onto a small road, crossed the RR tracks and sped up, all the while keeping my eyes on the craft, which I could see through the trees.  It was now heading south at approximately 20-25 miles per hour. (I want to note that these lights -- ((colors deleted)) -- were blinking very brightly and in an interesting rhythm, but there was no reflection on the actual craft.  Though it was nearly invisible, the best way to describe its shape would be to say ((deleted)), based on the blinking light pattern.  More importantly,  I was able to make out this shape in two previous sightings several months ago in Astoria.  I’m quite certain that this May 12 sighting was the same kind of craft my partner and I have witnessed {she, three times, once with photos and myself, twice}, based on the light patterns.  They’re very distinctive.) I got out of my truck and watched as the craft stopped and hovered above ((deleted)).  It was approximately 1/10 mile east of me, and 50 feet up. After a few seconds, the lights ((deleted)). There was no sound or movement.  Strangely aware that they knew I was watching, I became frightened, and, legs shaking, got back in the truck, where my usually very active dog was sitting quietly staring in the direction of the craft, and turned west for the highway.  I drove about 20 feet, then stopped when, through my side window, simultaneously, a car pulled up behind me and the craft ((deleted)) -- lights on.  I jumped out of the truck and pointed, yelling, “UFO!”  The ((deleted--people))), got out of their car as well and stood staring at it as the lights became very active -- fast and bright -- and it zoomed off to the ((direction deleted)) (maybe 3 miles?).  It stayed in the same location there -- far up in the sky.  We were all understandably excited, yelling, “UFO!”  “Can you believe this?”  The man said, “I was in the ((government)) for years and that was no plane!  It wasn’t a helicopter either -- I’ve never seen anything like that!”  He said they had just driven past the location of the craft where I saw it hovering, but hadn’t seen it. Directly below it was, as he said, “A big herd of cattle.” Just then, with the original craft in a stationary position in the distant east sky (lights still blinking), another very bright white light appeared from the southeast and flew very fast in a northwesterly direction.  I said, “Now what’s that?!”  The man said, “Maybe they’ve sent a plane out to check it out.”  I replied, “There isn’t a military base around here, is there?”  As I said it, he yelled, “That ain’t no plane!”  I turned to see it that it had stopped abruptly behind a cloud.  Lights flashed and reflected in the cloud, and it shot straight up, with a trail of light behind it, and disappeared. The show was over.  Without even thinking to get their names or give them mine, we got in our cars and drove off.  I can only hope that they may be doing the same thing at this moment -- reporting the incident -- so that we can connect and relay more details to this amazing account. (NOTE:  The ((deleted)) had very ((deleted)) ((deleted)) hair which he had ((deleted)) -- I had the most interaction with him.  The woman, I think had shoulder length ((deleted)) hair.  There was a little ((deleted)) inbetween them in the front seat -- about ((deleted)) years old.  The car, as I remember, was a grey 1990’s ((deleted))?  They left me and headed south on Highway 30, apparently to make sure the ((deleted))” was OK.) ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length with this witness, and we found her to be an exceptionally credible witness.  Her description of the incident was quite detailed, and we suspect the description above is quite accurate.  Deleted passages will be restored, once an investigation is completed.  We have deleted certain passages to protect the identities of the other witnesses, who are thought to be residents of this small town, and also to protect certain aspects of the sighting, so that future reports will be factual and objective, not just repeats of the original report.  We deem this to be a very interesting report.  PD));45.7636;-122.8975
While camping on an island on the Columbia River with perfect visibility, four adults witnessed what I believe to be three objects, but;2002-09-01 23:50:00;15 seconds;While camping on an island on the Columbia River with perfect visibility, four adults witnessed what I believe to be three objects, but possibly one, in a triangular shape. It appeared to be at a very high altitude and was extremely large or again, they were seperate objects.  It travelled east to west. There was no sound. After 15 seconds or so, the leading light or tip of the triangle dimmed out and it was no longer visible. When the remaining two got to the same exact point in the sky where the first one disappeared, they did also. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the three objects were the U. S. Navy NOSS satellites.  Satellites disappear from the sight of viewers on the ground when the former fly into the Earth's shadow, and therefore they no longer are illuminated by the Sun.  PD));45.7636;-122.8975
Swift hard-to-see triangular object moving in  a straight line across night sky with 3 luminous tips, one at front, two at rear.;2003-10-25 21:15:00;5 seconds;Swift hard-to-see triangular object moving in  a straight line across night sky with 3 luminous tips, one at front, two at rear. Observers were outside from 20:45 until 22:00. No meteors were seen in this duration. Craft was hard to see, as it appeared to be the same color as the night sky, which has a considerable amount of sky glow from the town lights below. There was one light at front, two in rear, but they appeared to be reflections on the tips of the craft from the city lights rather than actual self-luminous lights. They did not blink. Object moved much faster than any commercial or private jet or satellite that usually flies overhead, but slower than meteors. Object appeared out of the east with the 3 lights almost in a straight line, but one light clearly was at the front as it passed by and disappeared in the west. Object was about as big as the space between thumb and finger held one inch apart with hand held at arms length. The object emitted no sound. We did not notice any stars being occulted by the space in between the lights, but it did not travel by any of the brighter stars, either. We disagree on whether it was a large object high or a small object low. From our perspective it passed directly through the constellation Perseus, in the north.;45.7636;-122.8975
2 more fast, noiseless, triangular objects seen above Scappoose, OR within 1 week of first sighting;2003-10-30 23:00:00;5 seconds (x2);2 more fast, noiseless, triangular objects seen above Scappoose, OR within 1 week of first sighting The description of these 2 events are similar to that which we reported last week. Both craft were fast moving, much faster than a small prop plane low or a jet plane high, but much slower than a meteor. No prop or jet sound was heard. Both craft were hard to track, because again it appeared that the 'lights' on the craft were more reflective than self-luminous. No Northern Lights were seen all night, probably due to the skyglow from Scappoose, of which we live on the southern end. The first craft was traveling from NW to SE towards Portland. The second craft was seen about 1 minute later traveling from SW to NE. Both were seen as they travelled away from us. The first craft had a 'light' at the front and 4 or 5 on each of the swept sides, but the trailing edge, if it was there, was completely dark. The second craft had only three lights, one at the front, the others at the trailing tips. The sky last week was overcast, the sky this week was completely clear, yet neither time did we actually see a shape to these craft. The shape was determined by the placement of the lights only. They could have been triangular or chevron shaped. We both find it quite odd that with as much time as we spend outdoors at night, we have 3 sightings within a week, yet none for the previous 8 years here. As a side note, my dad, who is an published astronomer and recently gave a talk on Mars at Princeton, told me a few days ago that he saw an identical object in 1956 in Pennsylvania. He saw the same, quiet triangular craft moving noiselessly at extreme speed with a pale light at each tip. He says it was translucent and observed stars through it.;45.7636;-122.8975
Massive triangle object moving from south to north covering the background stars;2004-05-14 02:30:00;5minutes;Massive triangle object moving from south to north covering the background stars We watched what appeared to be three faint stars in a triangle formation moving from south to north at a slow rate of speed. It was obvious that they were very far away,and at a very high altitude. At first we thought they were satellites moving across the sky at the same time, but what really got our attention was that the real stars were blocked when the triangle shape moved across them. The thing must have been huge. It continued to move north at a slow pace and eventually moved out of sight. From the time we first noticed it, untill it was gone took about 5 minutes.;45.7636;-122.8975
Two large triangled shaped objects seen heading east following the Columbia river towards Portland.;2013-02-06 18:45:00;2 minutes;Two large triangled shaped objects seen heading east following the Columbia river towards Portland. First one sighted around the weight station just east of Scappoose.  Appeared to be hovering over the river and moving slowly.  Second one was about 1 mile further down the 30.   Objects were very large. I was in the military, they were bigger than any helicopter I've ever seen,  Too slow to be a commercial jumbo jet.  They appeared to be following the Columbia river heading east.;45.7636;-122.8975
