Starlike shape with beams of light that changed shape;2009-04-18 05:00:00;80 minutes;Starlike shape with beams of light that changed shape Rodanthe NC April 18 and 19, 2009  While staying at a vacation house on the beach at Rodanthe NC I got up around 5:00 am to use the restroom.  I decided to go out on the balcony of my bedroom and smoke a cigarette.  I was watching a large star over the horizon and was wondering what planet was out at this time of year.  I knew it had to be a planet because it was to large for a star and not twinkling like a star.  I was looking at the moon and Venus and just hanging out by myself.  I kept watching that big planet looking thing when all of a sudden a beam of light came out of the side of it.  Then I thought “oh it must have been a plane coming towards me and now it has turned and I can see the after burner. Then a beam of light came out of the left side.  Well there is no way a beam of light can come out of both sides of an airplane.  Then there were four beams of light coming from it, top bottom and both sides. I was banging on the sliding glass door and work up my cousin and she came outside.  We watched the ball of light for an hour.  It keep change from a bright ball, to a ball with anywhere from two to six beams coming out of it.  They it changed shapes to where it looked like a chevron.  Then back to ball.  We watched it until the sun started to rise.  Just about sun rise the bright ball of light climbed higher into the sky until we could not longer see it. The next morning I got up about 4:45 and I opened the curtain to wall outside and a flash of light like someone was taken a picture flashed.  I walked out on the balcony and no one was outside that I could see anywhere.  When I looked up in sky I saw that ball of light again.  I woke up my cousin and she went outside.  The I ran across the hall and woke up a friend and she went out side with my cousin. I then went upstairs and woke up my sister and another friend and we went out on the third floor balcony.  The ball of light started to eject the beams of light again.  We all ran down to the second floor.  And my cousin and friend said that they saw two flashes of light go down the beach. We all decided to go watch it from the forth floor balcony.  We got upstairs we saw a second one, it was smaller and over close to where the moon was.  It also started out as a ball of light, then had anywhere from two to six beams of light.  It also started changing shapes. Then all of the sudden to the left of the first one something appeared really fast it became a big ball of light, all of these beams of light came out of it and there was a big flash.  All of the beams went back into the ball, and then the beams came out again.  There was another big flash of light and what ever it was took off very quickly. Four of us watched this event for over an hour.;35.5916;-75.4706
10 orange lights floating in the sky.;2010-08-20 21:45:00;5-10 minutes;A formation of approximately 10 orange lights floating in the sky.  I took a picture, but the lights look like squiggles.  I also took a video, but you can only see about 5 or 6 of the lights floating in the sky.;35.5916;-75.4706
