My daughter called about 20:30 and ask if I would go outside and see if I could see the object in the sky that she and her family were;2020-08-11 20:30:00;2 hours;My daughter called about 20:30 and ask if I would go outside and see if I could see the object in the sky that she and her family were looking at nearly straight above them.  She said it was a large orange ball with blinking lights in the center.  I could tell by her voice that they were very excited and a little scared.  She lives about 2 miles east of me.  I live in town and could not see anything due to houses and trees blocking my view.  They live on a hill just outside the city limits..  Because she seemed alarmed, my husband and I drove out to her house to look with them.  It was getting close to 21:00 before we got there and they said they could still see it but it was fainter in the sky as the sun was setting.  The kids could still see it with their naked eye but I had to use the telescope as my eye sight is not as good as theirs.  It was a circular object and I could not tell if it was like a ball or more like a wheel.  The center seemed to be transparent almost like it was a bubble.  It looked like it was a clock face with only one hand showing or a wheel with only one spoke.  Inside the circle was a rectangular shape with a blinking light on each corner.  The object went back and forth from east to west and then back from west to east.  It was moving fast enough that you had to move the telescope to keep it in sight.  It was not shooting across the sky, but more drifting.  It seemed like it was following a grid or mapping.  It faded in and out and was not always visible.  It flashed bright orange one time but only for a second.  I wondered if the distant lightning was reflecting off it.  There were several planes in the area but we live within a couple of miles of a small airport.  We would really like to know if it was something that could be explained.  We posted it on Facebook and had several replies that our friends and neighbors went out to see if they could see it.  Only one friend said they saw 2 of them.  No one else said they could see it.;35.982;-96.7442
