Bright massive object falling in the sky;2010-08-19 01:42:00;3 seconds;Bright massive object falling in the sky A massive bright object shot across the sky.  If you were holding a baseball in your hand at arms length and were to cross your body with it, that's what the size of it looked like.   never seen anything like it before.  It fell through the sky for about four seconds and then fell into the ocean.;33.5409;-117.7846
I was looking toward the ocean when I saw a greenish blue ball sailing across the sky.  It looked almost like a flare.;2016-02-11 07:00:00;2 seconds;I was looking toward the ocean when I saw a greenish blue ball sailing across the sky.  It looked almost like a flare.  The way it was (on fire)? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Video captured by a beach camera at Doheny Park, Dana Pt., CA.  Object appears to us to be a meteor, streaking from west to east.  Please see video on NUFORC homepage.  PD));33.5409;-117.7846
Comet-like UFO's with shimmery tales over the ocean turning on and off.  ((anonymous report));2016-08-15 21:00:00;15 minutes total;comet like UFO's with shimmery tales over the ocean turning on and off I was with my friend at a restaurant, overlooking the ocean, sitting outside on a deck.  The near full moon was out, and very bright. (Therefore, the UFOs I saw had to be very bright).   I suddenly noticed 2 UFO's on the horizon.  They were the color of fire, and looked like comets with very oddly shimmery tales.  They were very close inside the atmosphere, like a plane over the horizon.  They were flying near to one another, side by side like two fighter jets might be, on slightly higher.  They were in the sky for maybe 30 seconds then the lights completely went out.  Not more than a couple minutes, and they reappeared in full intensity, and then soon disappeared once more. Another table was watching dumbfounded.  The waiter came by 10 minutes later and as I was relaying the story to him, the two lights appeared again, this time higher up and closer in towards the coast, and again, with the same intensity and appearance.  We all stood there, strangers united by mystery, and had that end of the world movie type feeling.   Funny side note:  I asked the girl I was with to swear that if it was indeed the end of the world, we would agree to go out with a bang.  But seriously this was weird. I have never seen anything quite as strange as this in the sky how can one explain this?  Not meteors, nor falling satellites, nor falling earthly space crafts, because they appeared and reappeared and were side by side in uniform.  Not planes because they had this comet like tail.  I wonder if anyone else saw this??? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.5409;-117.7846
