I saw an object in the sky and automatically dismissed it as an aircraft but after watching the item not move with multiple colors: Blu;2006-02-28 23:50:00;43 minutes;I saw an object in the sky and automatically dismissed it as an aircraft but after watching the item not move with multiple colors: Blue, red, yellow, orange and white and when it did desend it would turn orange to yellow stay in the current position for about a two minutes then arrise back to the original location it would display the multiple colors of blue, red, yellow, orange and white these motions happend for about half an hour, then with the object decended it would move to the right about 4 to the right (estimated) then it would elivate to a high point in the sky.  Then every now and then the lights would stop (as far as I could see) for a split second.  The last time I saw is was when it floated at the bottom displaying yellowish/white light and then the light started to weaken until the item was gone or no longer visable.;33.5409;-117.7846
4 QUIET BRIGHT RED LIGHTS IN SKY of  LAGUNA BEACH - VIDEO ON PHONE.;2016-06-11 23:57:00;3 minutes;4 QUIET BRIGHT RED LIGHTS IN SKY of  LAGUNA BEACH - VIDEO ON PHONE Now this was the strangest thing I've ever seen in the sky....I was at a friend's apartment in Laguna Beach, visiting her for the first time in the area.  While speaking to her, I looked up in the sky and saw 4 Bright red lights in a staggered position from one another, moving towards my right somewhat in an average speed, not too fast as I was able to capture a photo and video of the sighting.  I could draw it if I had a pen to show you.  I asked my friend what those lights were in the sky since she lived in the area.  She turns around, looks up and says that she has never seen those lights, all of a sudden, one of them disappeared.  They all then changed colors into a star like color.  What made it even more strange, there wasn't any sound of these lights in the air, so I then decided to zoom my camera as much as I could to take a photo and snapped a shot.   Afterwards, I took a short video with my phone. You can hear us talking asking what the lights are in th! e video, but not any noise whatsoever in the sky. Then, they just disappeared into thin air......So weird  After this strange incident, there is def something other than planet earth life. You might say I'm drunk or on drugs - but that is real I don't smoke, nor drink - extremely healthy and I am one of those people who has to, See It to Believe It.  So, this is why I have a video to remember such a thing. ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested a copy of the video, and will post it together with the report, if the witness responds, and if he gives us permission to share the video publicly.  PD));33.5409;-117.7846
Was sitting outside with my dog listening to the nature sounds. Saw a bright light way far out, caught my eye because it seemed a bit b;2019-05-15 22:25:00;3-5 minutes;Was sitting outside with my dog listening to the nature sounds.  Saw a bright light way far out, caught my eye because it seemed a bit bright for an airplane.  It seemed to be in a steady flight pattern and once the white light went out it was just a blinking red light.  I assumed it was a plane.  A minute later I see it again only instead of way out in front of me it was now to the left.  This is when I noticed it moving in ways I can't explain.  Vertical, horizontal, stationary.  Would shine bright white and go back to flashing red.  This time it started to get further away.  I happened to have my flashlight on me and I started flashing it in it's direction.  It then went white and stayed white and came out in plain view to me. It's night and there was no way of making out the shape but I felt like it gave me the time of day for about 10 seconds.  It turned green and red then descended in a very dark red out of my line of sight.  I'm 35 and this is my first official s! ighting.  I've been waiting a long time for a moment like this.  Hope others saw this too.  Thanks;33.5409;-117.7846
