Large craft, appeared to be covered in fire.;2013-07-20 01:00:00;15 seconds;Large craft, appeared to be covered in fire I recently purchased night vision binoculars as a gift for my husband.  He normally works nights.  On his weekends it is common for him to be up late at night, playing with his night vision looking for various wildlife. On the occasion of this sighting, my husband had gone outside  and had been gone for enough time that I decided to go look for him.  I decided to try out front first, and as I opened the front door and attempted to step through it, my cat tripped me, causing me to lose my balance somewhat.  As I righted myself and regained my balance and footing, my gaze went to the mountain tops that are visible from my porch.  I was shocked to see the following in the very dark night sky:  A very large triangle(ish) shaped craft silently flying toward the mountains!  It was flying fairly low, say 500 feet above the mountain tops.  It was perfectly flat on the bottom.   I say large, because this thing seemed almost as big or bigger than my single car garage.  What was most bizarre about this craft was it was all the same color.  The only way I can think to describe it would be as if it were on fire.  There were no flames coming off of it.  It did not shine or blink or have lights all over it.  Just the fire that the entire craft was seemed to be covered in.  It did not have a tail or leave a trail, I would compare it to looking at the tip of a burning cigarette in a very dark room.  It moved deliberately, and moved across the sky as an airplane would, at about the same speed as a jumbo jet.  It flew over the mountain headed south west and disappeared from view behind the mountains.  There was absolutely no sound coming from it and it didn't light the ground up underneath as it flew over, almost as if the light of the fire was somewhat muted in some odd way, yet it was still fairly bright.  It didn't crash behind the mountain, and in fact maintained its flight pattern in a controlled manner as it disappeared. I was stunned. I immediately went back into the house and ran into my husband who was coming in through the back door.  He said he had seen something also, that disappeared when he looked at it.  He was coming into the house to tell me about it.  He described it to me as an orange UFO. Ironically, my son in law also saw something that night.  He told us the following weekend that what he saw was orange, and disappeared also. This was most certainly no airplane.  It was most certainly not a meteor, a shooting star or comet.  It is by far the most disturbing thing I have ever seen.  My husband was pretty freaked out by what he saw as well. It scared me pretty bad. I will never forget it.  Unfortunately no photos were not taken as I didn't have my camera at the time this happened, and did not have enough time to get my camera before it disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.4028428571428;-120.646957142857
