Quiet and slow moving triangle approached us and flew directly over our heads.  ((anonymous report));2018-01-04 20:00:00;5 minutes;Quiet and slow moving triangle approached us and flew directly over our heads. We live in Farmington on a few acres with very large old oak trees.  It was about 8pm and we were letting our dog out when we spotted the aircraft.  The thing that first caught our attention was that the craft at first seemed to be hovering.  As we watched, the aircraft began moving very slowly from north to south across our field of view.  The craft had multiple lights.  I first believed the aircraft to be a plane but could hear no sound and had too many lights for a normal plane.  As the aircraft moved across in front of us, I began to suspect it might be closer to us than first expected and at that point I thought it might be some sort of drone.  I had a bright flashlight which I pointed at the object for a few seconds then decided that might not be a good idea in case it was a helicopter.  Right after turning the light off the object began turning towards us.  As it approached,  I thought for sure it must be a helicopter based on the slow speed and low altitude, flying just above the old oak trees.  As the object got very close to us you could hear a deep low humming sound but none of the normal helicopter sound.  The object appeared triangular. The object approached until it was directly over us.  The sound was still very quiet for an aircraft.  I doubt that it could be heard more than a hundred feet away.  It was moving at about the speed of a helicopter that seemed to be approaching for a landing but when directly over us turned to th! e north and flew off very slowly.  The object seemed to be flying at about 75 feet high.  The appearance was similar to a stealth bomber and the size seemed to be about the size of an Apache helicopter.  As we watched it fly away slowly the sound quickly faded, not able to hear it at all after it was maybe a block away. I'm not sure what this was but it was nothing like anything I have seen before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.0429;-94.2553
