HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Unusual light travels down through the canyon.;2004-01-04 18:00:00;2 minutes;Unusual light travels down through the canyon. Honey Moon Bay (Lake Cowichan, Vancouver Island)  A gentleman called the toll free number to file a report on seeing some bright white lights flying low over the tree tops on the mountain behind his residence. Besides reporting lights for January 4, 2004 he also told me he witnessed bright lights on January 1, 2004. He went on to explain there is no service roads, or roads of any kind up on the mountain. The witness said there also is a large canyon which cuts through the mountain side where some of these lights were being observed. The fellow ruled out any kind of vehicle due to the roughness of the terrain and again the lights were traveling over the tree line. He said there was not a sound coming from the lights, as his home is close enough to where he would have heard if the object was a helicopter or other type of aircraft. Also seeing it was after dark and traveling so very low a pilot would have been crazy to fly an aircraft at such a low altitude in hazardous conditions. The lights were not traveling at a fast clip, but moving slowly. When the man decided to run and grab his binoculars and came back out on his deck, the lights had vanished. As he thought back he thinks that there were more lights on the one bright object. At one point the light traveled down the mountain through the canyon towards his direction which was to the north. As it drew closer to the lower part of the mountain it turned to the west and of course disappeared soon after.  Two years earlier the fellow and his girlfriend saw similar lights on the mountain at approx: 10:00 p.m., but this time the lights seem to hug the mountain as they flew slowly along.  Thank you to the witness for his report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Home - Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));48.8251;-124.0502
three friends noticed very very bright lights in the sky, then they flew over us;2004-07-11 00:15:00;aprx. 20.mins.;three friends noticed very very bright lights in the sky, then they flew over us I know i'm not crazy,but what we saw, was this very bright light in the sky. when i pointed it out to my friends they suggested it was an airplane, then it got even brighter and was not moving. we turned a corner,must have only been about five seconds not even that, and the light had disappeared. if it was an airplane it for sure would have been flying towards us, not even five minutes later we were at our location of residence, when i looked up again and saw it flying just about over us. the driver stopped the vehicle. we immediately took the sun roof off, and noticed that was flying kind of staight and changed its direction almost immedeately, then the driver noticed a second object flying flanked off to the side in a zig-zag manner then they both disappeared. this not the first time i saw these objects, i also seen them in ontario, one i noticed driving from thunder bay to sioux st. marie. this one stayed in the same spot for two days, then three more showed up, and that night it was like they did a light dance in the sky then flew away.;48.8251;-124.0502
