Star or planet - when seen in binoculars, five lights in a circle, one in the middle - flashing a rainbow of colours - moved miles East;2005-08-01 03:15:00;15 minutes;Star or planet - when seen in binoculars, five lights in a circle, one in the middle - flashing a rainbow of colours - moved miles East I've been on a kick with seeing UFOs, this is the second I've seen this month.   I saw what looked to be a large star, maybe a planet.  I thought the colours were changing..too quickly and too many colours for a star.  It wasn't a twinkle, but it looked more like light flashing off a diamond very quickly, showing off its rainbow of colours.   Anyways, I looked at it through binoculars, and I could see at least five lights in a circle, with one light in the middle, all changing colours.  I went and got my dad to get up and look at the star.  He grabbed the binoculars, looked in the same area, and couldn't see anything.  I looked in that area and it was gone.   I then looked to the East of where it just was (a few inches if you were to hold your hand out arm-length), and it was there, except not as bright, like it was hiding as a dimmer star.  I couldn't tell exactly how many lights there were, but like I said there were at least six (five in a circle formation, one in the middle).;41.0301;-92.4047
Unexplained object floating across the night sky;2006-07-15 11:00:00;20 min;Unexplained object floating across the night sky The object appeared in the night sky as a slow moving red light shaped as a ball.  All of our neighbors where watching this thing as it slowly drifted over head with no noise or anything.   As the object came across the night as an aircraft would be approaching the light went out.   The next day we called the Des Moines air traffic control and they had no explanation of the incident we had also call the local pd to ask if they had other reports of the incident.   The next nite at a differant time the same light had appeared again  as we all watched again and again when aircraft approached it the light went out.   The next night around 10 pm the light appeared again this time the neighborhood got the camcorders out and capturing it on tape and we took it to KTVO in ottumwa and they watched the videos and said they would set up a camera up well that night it was cloudy out and thus being the last time we ever had seen this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.0301;-92.4047
flashing light;2009-10-20 23:00:00;5 mins;flashing light one object observed sitting in one position. it would turn its lights on real high like with a dimmer, then turn them real low to off. it was repetitive. it was a ball of light in just white. this background was set among the open night sky as seen from a well lit parking lot.;41.0301;-92.4047
