We saw a square object at night,  which had 2 blue & 2 red lights at corners, hovering in sky above us.;2001-10-10 21:15:00;3-5 minutes;We saw a square object at night,  which had 2 blue & 2 red lights at corners, hovering in sky above us. It was 9:15 p.m. and we were heading east just north of the city, when we saw in the sky what appeared to be something hovering.  It was square shaped with two blue lights on the two corners to the left as you look at it and two red lights on the two corners on the right. There was a white or yellow light in the center, but it didn't attract your attention as much as the blue and red lights did and the fact that it was square.  The sky was pitch black so you only saw the lights on the formation of the square.  By the time I slowed the car down to a stop the object was in the sky above the tree line, but far enough away you couldn't see details, just the shape and the lights.  It didn't appear to be moving and we couldn't take our eyes off of it.  When my passenger rolled the window down to see even better, it took off heading west, but only for a split second and then was completely gone from the sky.  It wasn't a helicopter there wasn't any noise and it was square, and of course we know what a helicopter looks like.  It wasn't a plane obviously, because in wasn't moving, simply above us in the sky and again it was square and planes don't hover in one spot above the trees.  I'm thankful there were two of us that saw this object.  There was another car on the same road as us and they slowed down also.  We would love to know what they saw. ((NUFORC Note:  The witness seemed exceptionally credible to us.  Both she and her son were alarmed by the sighting, which was evident when we spoke to the mother.  Witnesses contacted the local law enforcement offices about the sighting.  Case has been forwarded to Beverly Trout, MUFON SD of IA, for investigation.  PD));41.0301;-92.4047
Rectangle-shaped craft - silhouette;2005-07-27 23:15:00;<1 minute;Rectangle-shaped craft - silhouette I heard a loud noise again, like an airplane flying over my house, and I ran outside and saw this huge aircraft.  It wasn't above the trees or right below the clouds, it was about halfway.  It had been a full moon about a week before, and a quarter moon the day after I saw the craft, so it was pretty bright out.  It was also clear, no clouds in the sky at all.  After I heard the noise I ran outside as fast as I could to see what it was.  I about ran over my dad, so he wondered what was going on and came after me.  He was in the Navy for about 20 years, and said it sounded just like a helicopter, but it sure didn't look like one.  The craft seemed really big, bigger than a helicopter would be on the ground..maybe about the size of a rectangle-shaped airplane.  There was a big white light in the front middle of the craft, and a big red light on the back left corner, and a big green light on the back right corner.  None of these lights were flashing or doing anything, but they were really big and seemed too far apart and too big, even if it was a helicopter.  Like stated in my last UFO post, I'm an avid believer of UFOs, but I'm 100% open to explanation.  My town has a population of around 25-30k, and the only airport we have is municipal so airplanes aren't widely seen around here.  The craft was flying south, and was out of my sight fairly quickly.  Like I stated before, it was quite large, and it was like a silhouette..the corners and shape were very distinct.  I drew up a recreation of what I saw using MS Paint: http://ballz.ababa.net/exetergirl/ufo2.txt;41.0301;-92.4047
