Triangular UFO w\red,blue lights,spinning clockwise,completely silent;2004-11-25 05:00:00;5 minutes;Triangular UFO w\red,blue lights,spinning clockwise,completely silent The object was triangular with red and blue lights.The lights were turning in a clockwise manner while the object was moving from northwest to southeast. It was about as far up as a small aircraft would travel. As it passed over it seemed to be standing still, I was standing next to a fire and it seemed to be watching what was going on. It had no blinking lights at all. It had no tail ,no wings,after a few seconds it continued on to the southeast and did not make a sound. It seemed to be quietly gliding on the air. The craft stopped right over my head as I had to tilt my head all the way back to see it. It was NOT an airplane.;41.0301;-92.4047
Note: I don't remember the exact time, but it was sometime between 10 PM and 12 AM I believe.;2005-04-26 23:00:00;<5 minutes;Note: I don't remember the exact time, but it was sometime between 10 PM and 12 AM I believe.  I used to keep my window open before it got really hot.  I live by train tracks (not too close, but close enough), and by leaving the window open, I could hear trains, any sort of cars, animals, anything.  I was on the Internet and watching tv, I also had a fan on, yet I heard this really loud noise, like an airplane was flying over.  My town has a population of about 25-30k, and the only airport we have is municipal..I've lived here for about 13 years, and I've never once heard/seen an airplane in this town.  Anyways, I looked outside, and I see this craft.  It's triangle shaped, has three huge bright white lights on each corner, a small red light and small green light by the back left white light (one of the points was guiding), and what I think was a small white/purple light by the back right white light (I tried to adjust my eyes to see if it was a light or just glare..I wear no contacts or glasses and have perfect vision).  The small red light flashed about every second or second and a half, and the green flashed the same, except twice as fast.  This made me wonder if it was a plane.  I'm an avid believer of UFOs, but I'm always open to explanations.  I drew a recreation (in MS Paint) of what I saw: http://ballz.ababa.net/exetergirl/ufo3.txt  When I saw the craft, it seemed 2D in the sky, and it was pretty far away, and diagonal from where I was watching it.  I'm not good with figuring out distances and how big things can be depending on how close/far they are, but this seemed pretty big and pretty high up, not just above the tree tops, but not right below the clouds, it seemed about in the middle.  I can't really discern how big it was, it could have been about the size of a plane, but it seemed like at that height, it would be bigger than a plane at the same height.  I could distinctly see the shape of the craft.  It was an equilateral triangle with rounded off corners, and it looked like a silhouette.  It was bright out (a full moon just a couple days before), and it was also a clear night.  The triangle looked like it was just a piece of shaped paper flying through the sky..like I said before it was 2D, and I couldn't see anything like engines or any other objects on it.  All I saw was the silhouette of a perfect equilateral triangle, as if it had lights on top or on the side.  This was the second time I've seen it.  The first time I saw it was with two other people in July/August of 2003.  The '03 craft looked exactly the same, but it was going E/NE, while the '05 triangle was traveling N/NW.  The closest military base that I know of is in Davenport, Iowa (about three hours away, I believe), and it would seem a bit odd to me if it was an airplane or military craft.  I don't remember if any sort of magnetic or electrical effects happen, but I do remember both of my cats freaking out right before I saw it.;41.0301;-92.4047
