Silent large white light growing and moving very slowly, then gone!;2015-04-03 19:35:00;2 minutes;Silent large white light growing and moving very slowly, then gone!  I was in my backyard facing South East looking at the stars and rising Moon and from behind a tree I saw a very VERY bright and LARGE white light heading North East.   I focused on it as it moved trying to determine if it was a plane, helicopter, or satellite. It moved in a straight line and seemed to be dropping in elevation slightly. It was very quiet and I could not hear the usual helicopter compression sounds.  As I focused on it, it seemed to get bigger and brighter with no visible shape other then a very bright white and large light.  It slowly moved North and seemed to drop in elevation slightly, that is when I ran in the house to grab the binoculars.  Before I left, it was dead center of the large open space seen in from my backyard.  When I returned with the binoculars, it was gone.  Given the speed and location and how long I was gone, it should of been in about the same area but it was gone.  I scanned the night sky with the binoculars and found nothing.  I am confident it was NOT a satellite, star, meteor, or any type of known aircraft.   This now my 6th sighting of an unknown to me object in 40 years of gazing at the night sky.   I really need to keep the binoculars near the backdoor from now on.   Thank you for what you do online and on the radio.;38.4037;-122.3637
Jumping very bright red/orange slow flash zig zagging.;2017-08-15 21:30:00;10 minutes;Jumping very bright red/orange slow flash zig zagging. 9:30 PM PST 08/15/2017  Clear skies, no clouds, no moon.  Minimal air traffic from SFO/OAK and local small aircraft.   Naked eye star gazing, looking due East, which is somewhat void of anything bright.  Travis AFB is just over the hills from my dark backyard view.  The 18 new C-5's have been flying around the last few weeks and more than usual at all hours so I've had my binoculars handy.   About 60 degrees above the horizon, looking due East, I thought my eyeglasses caught a very bright light reflection so I stopped scanning and focused on the area. 10-15 seconds later another bright reddish orange long flash and then darkness.  I observed this 4 times and it jumped, not slowly moving...it jumped in a zig zag motion and flashed.   I alerted my always skeptical gal to get outside to witness and she actually did.  She saw a few flashes then jumps so I then grabbed my binoculars.  Because it was NOT moving in a linear predictable manner or speed, I could not catch it with the binoculars, only naked eye.  It seemed to be heading SE.  It was far far brighter than Vega directly overhead and appeared as just a super bright flashing reddish/orange light unlike anything I've witnessed in 45 years of star gazing.   About 5 planes traversed the night sky in a normal flight path and speed during the entire observation.  I've reported before and this is my 2nd report with a witness.  It was NOT a star, planet, meteor, plane, helicopter or satellite.;38.4037;-122.3637
Very bright light seemed to dim out and appear in another part of the lower Eastern sky. Seemed to grow brighter then dim, then appear;2017-09-26 20:00:00;30 minutes;Very bright light seemed to dim out and appear in another part of the lower Eastern sky. Seemed to grow brighter then dim, then appear in another part of the sky.  It seemed to zig-zag when it reappeared. It seemed to be over the Travis AFB.  This lasted for about 30 minutes.  I used my binoculars but could only focus on it a couple times as it jumped around.  It was stationary and very bright, then dimmed, then gone, then appeared in another part of the clear night sky.  I have never witnessed this in 40 plus years of sky watching.;38.4037;-122.3637
