Went outside for a late cigarette and a lighted object in the sky caught my attention and so I got my camera and took some pictures.;2006-10-14 23:56:00;about ten minutes.;Went outside for a late cigarette and a lighted object in the sky caught my attention and so I got my camera and took some pictures. ((END FIRST REPORT FROM WITNESSES)) ((BEGIN SECOND REPORT FROM WITNESSES)) From the pictures we have it seems to have started as a ball shape with blue and green color to it. then the mass seems to seperate into smaller round colorful object that move about. they change shape almost to leave a colorful trail coming off the balls red blue purple and at the end a green with what looks to be like a figure, you can see what looks to be eyes and the shape of a face.we have seen the color in the sky before and it seemed to change shapes but we were never sure of what it was until the other night when we got the pictures from our digital camera, we were able to zoom in on the object to see it up close. we were shocked to see what we saw,it did not look like a plane or a satelite the only thing we thought was UFO.Before it took off it seem to form a line in the sky and shot straight up very fast.We never really believed in ufo existing but now we do. This is true and we have pictures to prove it. ((END SECOND REPORT));28.9284;-82.4920999999999
Round with lots of color .Large ball or mass with 3-4 smaller balls  near it. Moving.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Sirius?  PD));2006-11-16 23:00:00;ten to fifteen minutes;sighting of ufo again .Round with lots of color .Large ball or mass with 3-4 smaller balls  near it. changed shape and always moving. The other night my husband saw what we believe to be somekind of ufo.since then we have been looking for more. To our surprise they were back last night.  And I know people don't think they will visit the same spot but they were in the same arealast night. Once again we grabbed the camera and took pictures. Sure enough it was the same thing my husband had saw the other night. It looked to be a colorful mass in the shape of a ball.From our yard we could only see the one but when I took some pictures more smaller ball formations apeared in the picture and they looked like it was across the street in my neighbor yard.It was red and hazy looking.This was the only really different looking thing.The one in the sky had a rainbow of colors. While taking several pictures it seemed to disapear and reapear as if it knew we were taking pictures- I know it sounds funny but that how I felt. Also lastnight while I was trying to take a picture I noticed an aircraft getting closer to it, I was going to try and get a picture of the both the airplane and possible ufo but as soon as the plane got close enough it would disapear.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Sirius?  PD));28.9284;-82.4920999999999
