fast green downward;2010-03-19 10:00:00;fast;fast green downward i was driving in my car, i saw a fast moving object in the sky, i thought it was a shooting star until i saw that it was green and falling fast.;40.1235;-74.8026
Orange glowing object(s) that manipulated and transformed shape before vanishing into the sky.;2015-04-24 00:30:00;5 minutes;Orange glowing object(s) that manipulated and transformed shape before vanishing into the sky. It was about 12:30 AM last night, March 24th, when I was leaving my friend’s house.  Immediately after exiting her front door, I noticed a glowing orange light to the west, in the shape of a sickle.   At first I thought nothing of it.  There is a church next door, with orange street lights, so that was my first thought, that this object was just a street lamp.  But as I walked to the street, to my car, the object was floating far above, away from everything else manmade.  It looked somewhat like the moon so I looked on for a second and then hoped in my car and headed home.   I turned around and headed west, towards my house and looked up again and the object had transformed before my eyes.  It was no longer in the shape of a sickle, but two glowing orange diamonds connected together moving around in the sky.  I was in shock, and mesmerized by this object.   As I traveled up the block I lost the UFO for a second due to trees overhead.  When I regained view of the object, it had ! now taken the form of a straight glowing vertical orange line in the sky.   At this point I stopped the car and gazed up in astonishment.  Before my eyes the vertical line shrunk in on itself until it was the size of a tiny orange dot and then vanished.  There was no sound, and just like that in the blink of an eye the UFO was gone.   I did a lot of research this morning to see if any other reports were filed.  But have not come across anything yet.  Just thought it was my duty to report this phenomenon.  I’m incredibly mad that I didn’t video the occurrence but everything happened so fast and I truly was in shock as to what I was seeing before me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.1235;-74.8026
