Bright light seen in night time sky dims in intensity several times before disappearing;2004-06-23 01:50:00;18 minutes;Bright light seen in night time sky dims in intensity several times before disappearing On 6/23/04 I was going East on Interstate 84. Around 01:50 pst I noticed a group of stars in my windshield with one very bright one I took to be a planet. As I studied the planet trying to figure out which planet it was.  I realized that light was much closer and in our atmosphere. I ran several possibilities through my head thinking it might be an airplane but when light finally went out there were no other lights visible i.e. navigation, strobes.  I then thought it might be a streetlamp on the mountain but as I looked I could see silhoutte of the mountain did not touch the light so I shifted position in my seat checking to see if it might be a reflection in the glass but light remained steady through the glass.  As I was watching the light it then dimmed in intensity  3 or 4 times then went out completely then a smaller light winked on briefly then it to went out. I did not see it anymore after that.  I must note there was also a meteor shower that night but the intensity of light was much, much more than any meteor I witnessed.  I cannot tell you the altitude but I can tell you the light was 50 to 60 degrees up in the sky and at my 2 o'clock position as noted from my position on hiway at exit 80 overpass.;46.2213;-119.7729
Three lights in tirangle formation over the sky nea Tri-Cities WA.;2010-07-13 22:00:00;15 minutes;Three lights in tirangle formation over the sky nea Tri-Cities WA. My boyfriend and I were in the car driving westward on a secluded gravel road around 10pm on Tuesday, July 13th, when something to the right of us (in the Northern sky) caught my eye.  I looked over and saw some fairly bright yellow lights in a triangle formation.  They were about the size of airplanes but much higher in the sky and they were only flickering, not blinking.   We pulled the car over to the right side of the road and I grabbed my camera to take a picture but just as a snapped the shot, they moved out of the triangle formation and into a horizontal line and began traveling southward very slowly.  That's when I switched to video-mode.  I stopped filming after a while because they didn't seem to be doing anything exciting and I figured they were just going to keep flying at that same slow speed until they made it over the mountains about 12 miles south of us.   We got back on the road and kept driving and immediately saw another light in the other direction (Southern Sky) that was much bigger and brighter than the first three and appeared to be hovering right over the mountains.   We passed by a patch of trees at that point which blocked our view of that second light and I mentioned to my boyfriend that maybe it was just an airplane tower at the top of the hill and that we were just seeing the light on the top of it.  But as soon as we passed all of the trees, that light has disappeared!   This freaked me out and made me wonder if the original ones were still there or had just disappeared too so I turned around to check and I saw them spiral together and disappear! ((NUFORC Note:  We are attempting to reach the source of the report, in order to gain more information about the sighting.  PD));46.2213;-119.7729
White and Red Flashing Light in Prosser, WA, Horse Heaven Hills.;2019-09-08 23:30:00;5 minutes;White and Red Flashing Light in Prosser Washington Horse Heaven Hills I was driving to a convenience store in Prosser, Washington, taking the I-82 between Grandview and Prosser.  It was overcast, raining and thundering.  Noticing a bright white light on the side of Horse Heaven Hills, not really paying much attention but looking over at it from time to time.   As I pulled into the Loves, I noticed it was now blinking white and red brightly, then dulling turning off and on. I got out of my car and moved out to the side of the building and watched it.  I was looking South - South East, roughly bearing 175 Degrees.  It was moving back and forth East to West.  I watched it for a minute before going inside to get a few things.   Coming back outside and still seeing it do its thing, I decided to try and get to where it was.  Driving through town taking SW Bennett Ave.  To Highway 22, I had lost sight of it and I could no longer see it due to maybe the top of the hill.  Not having a place I felt comfortable pulling over I simply continued on home. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be both sincere, and sober-minded.  PD));46.2213;-119.7729
