THE OBJECT WAS A LARGE RED BALL OF LIGHT. IT WAS DESCENDING SLOWLY, STRAIGHT DOWN.;1995-12-24 00:00:00;about 10 minutes;THE OBJECT WAS A LARGE RED BALL OF LIGHT. IT WAS DESCENDING SLOWLY, STRAIGHT DOWN. We were driving along in my father's truck, when the light was noticed. It was a very large red glowing ball of light, traveling straight downward at a controlled speed, as though it intended to land. There were no other lights visible on or near the object. We observed this for about ten minutes before it finally disappeared below the horizon. I later spoke to a friend of mine about it, describing what we saw. He said it could have been a Chinook helicopter flying under simulated combat conditions. Since the sighting took place at night, there is very little possibility that it could have been a blimp. Also, there are no vertical takeoff\landing airplanes in the area. The only local airports are Hobby (civilian), Bush-Intercontinental (civilian) and Ellington Field(joint-use). The only witnesses that I am aware of were myself, my mother, and my father.;29.6739672727273;-95.1781318181817
multiple lights bring on heavy air traffic from militray base;2002-01-07 19:15:00;45 minutes;multiple lights bring on heavy air traffic from militray base my wife, my son, and I were leaving a resteraunt and noticed a group of lights in the sky that seemed out of place. as we drove home, heading due east,(down Spencer highway towards La Porte) we watch the lights there were three of them, the one on the right( most northern ) and the highest, faded a little and headed in a northern direction quite rapidly, until we could not see it anymore due to the buildings. the one on the left (southern) dropped lower and then shot south bound very fast and was gone. the middle one just hung there, moving only slightly to the left and right and up and down. it got brighter and then dimmer, it was yellowish in color with a hint of a red and blue shimmer or twinkle. we thought it might be a plane heading right for us but i have never seen a plane coming form that direction or heading to that direction. my wife suggested that it might be a helicopter with the search light on. it seemed like the logical answer and i was about to go inside. thats when i started looking around in the sky and notice what would become the stranger thing than the light. it was all of the air traffic...13 or more aircraft all converging toward the light. many from the local air force base down here. we considered all of the airports and local and military fields yet the only one would have been the La Porte field which only caiters to personnal aircraft and heli's, which would make for a nice answer, but why all the air traffic? as we watched and tried to figure out what was going on the remaining light dimmed to a pin point and started moving north and most of the air craft headed north as well, but three large aircraft circled around and around for about another 15 minutes. the whole event lasted about 45 minutes to an hour. it was due east of my location which change from the middle of Pasadena the the west side of Deer Park. Ellington Air Force Base is about 5 to 6 miles south of my house. and the lights were about 25 to 35 degrees from the ground. at first i thought it was just aircra! ft and d idn't think to get the camera and by the time that i realized something was going on i didn't want to leave the scene, and soon after it was all over with.;29.6739672727273;-95.1781318181817
Bright Light travelling over Houston Ship Channel, with Red and Blue Lights flashing around the perimeter, making Que-ball turns.;2002-12-21 03:00:00;60 seconds;Bright Light travelling over Houston Ship Channel, with Red and Blue Lights flashing around the perimeter, making Que-ball turns. At approximately 3 AM, 12/21/02, I walked out on the front porch to smoke a Cigarette, and, glanced up toward the NW to check the sky. My attention was instantly drawn to a brightly lit object travelling toward the NE at about the speed of a private plane, approximately over the Houston Ship Channel, about 2 miles away. It had just passed a yard light slightly above my neighbors house, and, I watched as it travelled the full length of the roof ridgeline (about 150 feet distant, and, possibly 50 feet of roof). Casually wondering why I was looking into what might have been a Landing Light, if the craft were travelling toward me, I was startled to see it make a 180 degree Que-ball turn, without dimenishing its speed. It retraced its flight path back to the point where I originally noticed it, made another Que-ball turn, and, continued on its original path, but, descending below the ridgeline and out of sight at about the point where it made the initial turn. It was simply a large, bright light, larger than a pinpoint, with red and blue lights flashing around the perimeter, yet, the light always seemed to be pointed straight at me, indicating that it was radiating in all directions, as opposed to being a beam that pointed toward the line of flight. This is not the first time I have seen lights in the Sky that seemed to be shining directly at me, while travelling in directions at physical odds with Landing Lights. The first time was in Dec. of 1999, multiple objects over Ellington Field and Baybrook Mall, in Clear Lake City, Texas. Disappeared up I-45, around downtown Houston, and, apparently switching to I-10 West, toward San Antonio.;29.6739672727273;-95.1781318181817
