UFO sighting in Pasadena TX in November 1991.;1991-11-15 19:30:00;5-10 minutes;UFO sighting in Pasadena TX in November 1991. I saw this UFO sometime in November 1991. I don't remember the exact day. I decided to go get a hair cut. So I borrowed my Mom's car and headed out. It was between 7-8 in the evening. It was dark too. The first thing I noticed as I was driving along was the unusual amount of lights in the sky. There were a number of planes or helicopters all over, but not close enough for me to hear or identify them. As I traveled west on Sycamore in Pasadena, TX, I came to T interesection and stop sign at Beltway 8. I believe its called E Sam Houston Parkway now. Back then it was not a toll road. I looked to my left and saw the traffic was stopped down at the Spencer Hwy intersection. I turned right and headed north. Almost immediately I looked over to my left and saw something that grabbed my attention. About a hundred yards across Beltway 8 from my location (I measured it on Google Earth) there is a field with 2 bill boards on the north and south side. Hovering above the field was a large black shape. It was between the bill boards (at least appeared to be so). It had no lights on it. I slowed down to almost a complete stop, turned off the radio, and rolled down the window. There was no sound coming from the object. I should have stopped the car and gotten out so I could get a really good look, but I was so surprised I didn't really think about it. Within a minute from me sighting the craft it began to slowly ascend into the sky. It was quite large, but I could not see any detail because it was blacked out. I am not sure if it was a saucer shape or not since I was looking at it from the side. But it was not very thick. I circled around at the U-Turn on Pine as it slowly moved upward. When I was under it on the opposite side from where I started I could tell it was quite wide. I circled around back at Spencer and watched it float high and higher, and I ended up at a light down by Pasadena Blvd/Red Bluff intersections. At some point the dark shape lit up into a ball of light. I'm not sure how else to describe it. Then suddenly it flashed northward toward me. When I say it flashed I actually mean it flashed. It moved so fast that it left a trail of light behind it. As it came toward my location it did a 180 degree change in flight and flashed southward toward the Gulf of Mexico and did a zig zag. Again, it moved so fast that it left a light trail behind it. It looked to have slightly ascended in its trajectory as it took off.;29.6739672727273;-95.1781318181817
