Strange Orb light in the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of ISS?  Please check ;2009-07-22 23:00:00;45 sec;Strange Orb light in the sky My family and I took a short vacation from Oklahoma to Keystone, South Dakota to see Mount Rushmore.  While we were there on July 22, 2009, my wife and I seen an object moving from North to South quite a ways in the sky probably right above airplane distance.   At first we just figured it was an airplane and we watched this bright white orb light moving slowly across the sky then it disappeared???  We both looked at each other and was in a puzzled look.  It wasn't like it shot away or anything it just disappeared.  We started talking about it the next night around a campfire with our relatives and they were like yeah yeah.   After about ten minutes of talking about this my wifes uncle in law spotted another light EXACTLY the same except this time it was moving from West to East same speed shape (a little larger do to it being closer than the last) and everything.   So we all watched it and it just kept moving finally everyone stopped watching it as it was passing over our heads except of course my wife, her uncle in law, and myself.  We all said hey it disappeared about the same time and everyone looked up and were all in shock at the disappearance of this light.  We started watching all the airplanes that were flying off in the distance and they all had a red and green light mounted on them and going about in the same pattern traveling from North to South and South to North and I do not at all think this was a private or commercial plane.  Now, we are all skeptical about UFO's and aliens and what not, but there was no denying that something was deffinately in the sky that night that WE could not explain. I found this site because I was looking up explanations of what we might have seen those 2 nights.  After visiting a few sites I finally found this one talking about the black hills sitings so I thought I would share my experience. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of ISS?  Please check <www.Heavens-Above.com>.  PD));43.8848;-103.3995
