A six pointed spire craft  about 70 to 90 foot in size hovered for 10 minutes above wind mill making know sound and emitting no exhaust;2009-07-08 09:50:00;10 min.;A six pointed spire craft  about 70 to 90 foot in size hovered for 10 minutes above wind mill making know sound and emitting no exhaust Description: Craft has elongated diamond shape body.  Main fuselage looks to have four flat panel sides. Nose and tail ended in sharp points.  Length looks like 60 to 70 foot long. Two thirds from nose of craft is four spires projecting out of main fuselage.  Spires were four sided and shaped like main fuselage. The rear side of spires had coped in forms evenly spaced from main body to spires end point. Body spires were also mounted on flat main body panels. Spires were proportional in size to main body. There was no cockpit or cabin to be observed. Craft has not other protrusion. Craft has six distinct point ends, front, back, side, side, side, side. Craft color: Dull metallic color. Body did have reflective surface on body spires forward two sides. Note, reflective surface was small and did not obstruct view.  Tail section is hard to see. Many air currents were distorting view. Note, there was no contrail of evident of known exhaust at first when it was hovering. There is no sound emitting from craft. Craft was observed five minutes prior moving from 0 to Mach 2 to Mach 3 with no sound barrier transition. Then disappeared until seen again and photograph on job site. Observation: Craft was seen by accident the second time in same location. Craft was hovering above Edison Berlin wind energy farm. This is a Suzlon wind turbine site (wind mill Generation Park). Craft stayed in same location for 10 to 15 minutes. Photos have been taken. Craft stayed in same area until disappeared from view. Disappearance is unknown. There was a lot of distortions of air surrounding craft and gone. No trace evident it was there, know sound. Observer: Back ground is USMC aircraft flight line mechanic.  Back ground also in industrial machine tool, electrical, hydraulic, auto motive, aerospace technician.;39.9168;-78.9609
