We saw a strange contrail and craft.;1999-10-29 17:45:00;15 minutes;We saw a strange contrail and craft. I was on my way to drop the kids of at Church when I saw something out of the corner of my eye. It looked like something falling out of the sky smoking. Nothing was visible.We never saw anything come out. It looked like a contrail after it fully appeared. I dropped them of and went back home I immediately told my husband to come out on the back porch to see if he could tell me what it was that I saw. He looked and he said it is a cloud , but it was not moving like the oter clouds. I told him that at first I thought it was a meteorite. We then decided it was some sort of contrail but there was no aircraft in sight. We continued to watch and he saw a nikel colored object fly out of it. I did'nt see it at first then I kept watching and I saw it fly back into it , then a few seconds later it shot back out and flew all around this contrail or what ever it was. Then it disappeared for a few minutes. We kept watching and it flew back out and disappeared . We never saw it again. I was scared by this . I don't know what it was, neither did my husband . It started out as some sort of weird contrail and then it became stationary, then this nikel colored object flew all around and in and out of it for about 15 minutes. Very weird. When this object was flying you could hear no sound or see any contrail coming out of it. I don't know what it was I have never seen anything like it. My husband is a floor covering installer and I own my own cleaning service. I can assure you we are not a couple of ufo nuts . Until now my husband has been a skeptic. I believe there is something going on with all these sightings, but I am not so sure it is from somewhere else, but what-ever it is I would feel safer knowing that our Government knew about it. But I also feel that as a tax paying citizen that I have a right to know what it is. Also about an hour after we saw this we heard jets flying, we looked out and they were headed in the same direction as to where we saw the thing for lack of a better word. I would not have thought that strange until they turned around and went back several times , like they were doing a grid search . Thats about it I hope you can explain what this was to me I am really worried about it. Thank you.;33.2053322580645;-87.5313274193547
It was round,silent,illuminated pale white,and it moved,from where it wasn't suppose to be.;2005-07-08 22:45:00;ABOUT 10 SEC.;It was round, silent,illuminated pale white, and it moved, from where it wasn't suppose to be. It was a typical mid-summer evening in West Central Alabama. The sky was crystal clear and full of stars. The temperature was in the mid seventies and the wind was calm. I live beyond the distraction of city lights and sounds and in the midst of near dead silence and a glorious view overhead,I swear I was a witness to the following  It was around 10:45 PM when I began preparing to retire for the evening. My wife and Miniature Dachshund had gone to bed about an hour before. My routine includes checking door locks,night lights,oven settings,candles,etc.This also includes a walk through our covered patio area out back where we often spend quiet time outdoors most summer evenings,weather and mosquitos permitting.We have a TV,a fan,candles and other items we enjoy out there just like any other room of our home. As usual,I went out to secure the patio.I stepped out onto our uncovered,attached patio where I began to take a big stretch and yawn before heading back in to the bedroom.My stretching motion shifted my head backwards and up toward the sky and..... there it was! In the sky directly above me,was a perfectly round,silent and still object slightly smaller than the full moons we have here,and not quite as bright,but similar in color.I knew from it's position in the sky however that it definately WAS NOT the moon!Our moon starts out in the eastern sky and moves east to west across the sky on the southern side of our house,regardless of the time of year,and is viewable ONLY from an area some fifty feet north of where I was standing! My eyes remained fixed on the object for about 10 seconds or less,at which time it very slowly moved off to the west/northwest,and faded away into the clear night sky. It's distance away from me when I first saw it was impossible to judge.I can only base it's size on the only object similar to it,the moon.When it began to slowly move away,it moved a distance of about one and a half to two times it's own size before fading out of sight,never making a sound of any kind.And as usual,you could have heard the hum of a mosquito's wings that night. I have waited this long to report my experience because I felt then,and still believe this was a sign from God,to let me know he has heard my prayers.  I am of sound mind.Alchohol,drugs or any mental shortcomings simply does not figure in to this event in any way.  But it was.....unidentifiable.  Am I the only one that saw this? Has anyone ever seen this before?  I really would like to know.  Thank You.;33.2053322580645;-87.5313274193547
block dot;2011-10-27 17:00:00;1 minute;block dot black dot flying straight course, no sound, no smoke trail. military aircraft in same area soon after sighting;33.2053322580645;-87.5313274193547
