Upside down saucer shrouded.;2008-05-01 13:00:00;1 hour;Upside down sauce shrouded. I was trying to show my grandaughter a satelite photo of my house on the internet on 11/03/2012.  I went into google but the only current photo was from May 2008.  At the top of the photo was a purple colored upside down saucer in the sky, enveloped by a light purple colored hue like some kind of cloaking.   I went back into google several more times & the object was still there.  I still have the photo on my computer but I can't figure how to copy it.I only minimized the photo.  But if you put in my address below you should be able to see it too.  There were very few clouds in the sky in the photo.  I have never believed in aliens still don't.  I'm just passing on. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD));38.6356;-92.1176
Heard it 11-25-10 Saw it 1-4-11.;2011-01-04 18:58:00;4 minutes;Heard it 11-25-10 Saw it 1-4-11 2011 January 4 Sighting Report  On 1-4-13 at 6:58pm, I think...  I know for sure, it was the night that the tv show, V was going to air it's new mid-season, an hour before that, the tv froze on a single picture, and I heard that same loud sound which I heard in my 11-25-10 incident report.  It is a distinct, sound, coming up from the east going westward, and this time, I figured by God, if it is a UFO, at least I am going to get out there to look: (see below regarding the 11-25-10 incident...). I opened my door so I could see through the storm door window and there, floating over my apartment building coming into view heading west, was the  typical saucer shape craft.  It actually had the same sort of curved shape at the ship in the tv show from the 60's Lost In Space, your typical disk.  There was a black raised disk on the top, grey metallic in color, with a row of lighted squares in a ring around the craft - estimating from that, assuming these were half to three quarters the height of a man it was 3 floors, red constant lights on either side right and left, the craft did not rotate, and the bottom half looked much the same as the top but, no ring of windows, it had one white flashing beacon below in the center bottom, this light capped the bottom.  I would guess its width at 75 feet - 100 at most, height was I estimate a third to half as high as it was wide.  A very disc like craft, the entire sky around it seemed to glow a bluish grey light, like moonligh! t, which lit the craft quite well allowing me to see the detail of it, a grey silver lead like colored craft on a lighted background, the light surrounded and went with the craft. The object was at the height about equal to the building next door stood on end, no more than twice that in height...  Pacing it off, later in the spring, I estimated it's altitude at a little more than 250 feet, 500 feet at most, and I watched it as it passed down range until it went behind the building next door's roofline, this is a guesstimate but, perhaps 1000 feet away at the farthest when it was going out of sight.  When overhead, it was maybe 30 feet away to my south east and 250  feet overhead floating westward. As I said, this craft was so loud, though I have since seen it operate in silent mode.  It was almost as loud but not quite, as what I heard in the 11-25-10 incident  (see below) because, I figured it was hanging, right above, or resting on, the roof, the first time.  It had to be the same craft, or same type, by the sound if it, this is so loud, it sounds like the sky is tearing open when your right next to it (or in my case, I believe underneath it) t! hough that 1st time I did not see it. This time, though I did not have a working camera with film, I grabbed a small red laser pointer I had, and pointed it at the craft.  It did not react, so I began flashing it back and forth, this was when (I require glasses to drive and read signs and was not wearing them), I noticed that in what I thought at first was lighted squares, there was actually shapes in them and moving slightly, these were figures of living beings, I am fairly certain.  This was when I got the impression/feeling, that it was not a good idea, like they did not like this, flashing my laser around but, I was desperate for them to see me.  That was when as it went out of sight, I had the impression, given or otherwise, of course they saw me, that was why they were there, to let me, see them.  I feel rather bad about this, I have since read, that they do not like camera flashes, so, I doubt they liked my laser at all. I have since, seen this craft several times, and each time it has been either at a distance, behind the tree line to the west, or at a fair height overhead but, at no time has it come close again (each sighting was at night and it was not glowing like that, so it is harder to tell the height).  I hope someday, I can apologize in person, for the laser, maybe someday they will permit me a low pass again and I can get a few pictures the next time.  Previous Hearing Report believe same craft... On Nov 25th, at 12:20am Thanksgiving morning of 2010, a morning when there was no snow to speak of here, in Holts Summit Missouri but there were fall leaves, on the ground...  I was watching my usual Thanksgiving movie marathon, laying on the couch in front of my front window (just fyi - the windows faced west) probably starting it around 10pm, I fell asleep about 11pm more or less, awakened suddenly some hour later, by the sound of someone walking around outside my apartment in the leaves.  This is not unusual but, we do have sidewalks and at that time of night, it is a bit strange, knowing each one personally, most of the people here then, were not ordinarily, walking around at that time of night and would not have been outside the windows of my unit. Being a bit sleepy yet, I opened the drapes and looked outside.  Seeing nothing, I thought perhaps, it was a squirrel, we have a number of large ones that live in the area.  I was, as I said, half sleepy but, moments later, when a small white light appeared over the center sidewalk between my 4 plex building and the 4 plex next to it, at a height of about 15', it caught my attention in my peripheral vision through the sheer drapes I had up at the time.  As near as I can figure, it must have been moving to this point, which is what caught my eye...at that moment it burst into the brightest white light I have ever seen, a blinding flash of light, with sparks trailing toward the ground which went out, at that exact moment of the flash, I felt, as much as saw it, like zzzappp a very strange occurrence which I will not ever, forget.  I jumped at that, extricating myself from the blanket I was under, moving to the front door, which was at the end of the couch by m! y head, perhaps 30 seconds had elapsed since being awakened... I was about to open it, when I thought, wait, I have no idea who or what is out there, so, I carefully draw back the sheer curtains, look out again, and could see nothing.  I reached to grab the door handle and was about to turn it to open the door and go outside, when a loud roaring sound fired up, this was immediately over my head, like it was on the center of my roof area and it honestly, was so extraordinarily loud it scared the hell out of me.  It was like someone tearing the sky open!!!! Now I am a grown man, at that point in my late 40's, and do not scare easily but, this was many times the sound of the space shuttle launch on tv, so loud it vibrated in my body and I could feel it, so loud, that I immediately dropped to a crouching position thinking perhaps the nearby Nuclear Power Plant that had blown up (a flash and roaring boom, it sort of, fit), expecting to be dead in a second I remained crouched down scared half to death but, it just got louder, and louder and then, this immense sound, began to lift away from my apartment roof...  This 'loud sound', did not go west, east, north, or south, it went vertical, straight upward, and continued doing so, putting distance between it and me.  This was the first moment that I began to comprehend that it was something other than the nuclear power plant... As this thing lifted away it quickly got softer, then faded completely in about 15 seconds,  yes, I should have gone out and looked but, it was gone so fast, had I gone out, I doubt I would have seen anything, and I honestly, it all happened so fast, the entire event being perhaps 2minutes in length, and I was truly frightened at first.  Even as the craft departed, I stood there, hand on the door knob, trying to dummon the courage to go outside, I never did.  It may be easy to say I would have gone outside to look but, in that instant when this, loudest sound I'd ever heard, like being underneath a booster rocket of the space shuttle, was probably 20-25' from me, over the top of me, you can't think, you just react and the natural reaction is to duck down and hide... The next morning I carefully walked the grounds but, could find nothing.  I asked around that day, all the neighbors, except the little 98 year old woman next door to me, whom was napping at that time of the afternoon, and no one said they saw anything.  One or two, said they had heard loud jets lately, and one woman said she heard, a low flying jet, late the night before...whether they saw anything and are unwilling to admit it, I can only guess. It was a couple of days before I had an opportunity to speak to the little old lady next door but, when I did, she said Ohhh good, you heard that too, that morning after midnight, she heard an extremely loud, roaring noise, and got up, went to her door and opening it, saw white smoke rolling at her away from the fence which boundaries the north side of the property (about 25 feet from her front door), immediately shutting her door, she returned to her bed and covered her head, terrified, she said.  I told her, I did not blame her, it scared even me, I have never heard anything so loud. The really strange thing about this incident, well, one thing, was if this was a craft that landed or suspended over my roof, who was walking around outside my window while I slept.  Had they been inside?  Was I abducted, and have no memory?  What exactly was that, bright white flash?  Why, did I feel it?  Since then, I have seen this craft, in fact they are quite regular visitors now.  Are they interested in my area, in my apartment complex? In me?  I have many, questions?  No answers.... I have since this time, seen several craft which were, also loud like this.  Maybe the same craft, many times...  I know UFO's are generally silent, which is odd but, this craft or one's like it, though unseen on this occasion, returned many times, the next time, I did clearly see it (ie: above 01-04-11 sighting).  I had throughout my years seen lights way up in the sky moving oddly, blinking, etc., however, nothing I could absolutely say was a craft, or a UFO, until 2011. A friend and I were talking on our cell phones and I related this incident.  Before hanging up, I happened to say, I don't know what, it was, but, I really would like to see one up close, I did only a couple weeks later, perhaps they were listening?;38.6356;-92.1176
3rd Sighting of same craft.;2011-01-14 18:00:00;2 minutes;3rd Sighting of same craft 2011 January 14 Sighting  Regarding this craft I have heard 11-25-10 and seen on 01-04-11:  On 1-14-11, at approximately 6pm, I heard this same very loud craft again, the 3rd time, the same loud sky tearing open sound but, even softer this time, going outside,  I could just make out the same craft, at some distance behind the tree line to the west of the property, its a very very sparsely populated area.  This 3rd occasion, I heard it and going outside, I witnessed it travelled from south to north there, probably a mile to a couple miles off I would guess. My feeling was, that when I flashed my little red laser at them, on 01-04-11, iit irritated or scared them off, and they were keeping their distance this time...I really feel bad about that.  I did not get any closer look and it proceeded northbound, behind the trees, I could just barely make it out but, am fairly certain by the sound, it was the same craft.;38.6356;-92.1176
3rd Sighting of same craft.;2011-02-05 17:45:00;3 minutes;3rd Sighting of same craft 2011 February 5 Sighting  By 2-5-11, at 5:45pm, I was beginning to think I might not see the craft from 11-25-10, 01-04-11, and 01-14-11 again but, I was sitting there on a nice day with my inside door open, half watching the nice clear blue sky for hours, that afternoon into early evening, through the storm door window.  That was when I saw what I thought was a jet coming from the northwest (I'd seen many that afternoon), illuminated by the setting sun, going toward the southeast at a great height, If I had to guess,15,000 feet.  I watched for some time as it grew closer, and larger, but, still at a great height, heading southwest...  I don't know why I was watching that jet, that particular day, or why I noticed and followed that jet but, I recall that I was thinking you know, that could be one of the UFO's, and I would never know it, it is, so high up.  At that exact moment, like they read my thoughts, this,, what I thought was, a jet - a tiny vehicle way up high- with its contrail (shorter than usual for a passenger jet).  Suddenly, this jet, made a 90 degree turn directly up (it did not stop and turn, it did not curve upward, it just made a 90 degree turn in continued motion directly up or out, and away from earth) stopped emitting the contrail, as it went up, it began glowing as a bright orange fireball and as I watched flared blindingly bright two or three times the size of the vehicle itself.  After flaring up so bright, perhaps 5 seconds then, the orange quickly started to fade, and as the orange light faded, I could make out a disk shaped craft then, this craft just faded away, and there was nothing but the brief horizontal contrail remaining where it had been traveling before it turned upward and disappeared.  It did not go out of range, it was clearly visible but, just became less solid and the blu! e sky behind it became visible through it, more and more until it was just gone.  I witnessed this event against a blue sky with the setting sun clearly lighting up the vehicle, it was unmistakable, this craft left our dimension and faded out.  After all the sightings, I believe it to be the exact same craft I had seen before in January 2011, and I know this sounds strange but, it was like they, whomever they, are, wanted me, to see this event.  As if to say, we came to visit you, you saw us, and now its time to say, goodbye.  I did not know if I would ever, see it again, after that, but, gratefully, I have had repeated sightings since.;38.6356;-92.1176
4th sighting same craft.;2011-03-16 02:39:00;1.5 minutes;4th sighting same craft 2011 March 16 Sighting  On 3-16-11 at 2:39am, I witnessed what I believe is the same craft moving completely silently that I had heard on 11-25-10, seen on 01-04-11, 01-14-11 and 02-05-11, very slowly following the same track it had on 1-14-11, the same lighting pattern, and it was close enough at perhaps a half mile, were it a helicopter, I should have been able to hear it, particularly that time of the morning.  Although, the craft, I had seen in the past, was loud, very loud, and this one, utterly silent, I believe, it was the same craft, or same type.  I watched it, until it moved beyond line of sight behind the trees and apartment building next door, in our complex.  About a half hour later I went to sleep..  At 5:10am, I was then, awakened by a very loud, low vibration.  I did not get up to see but, having seen this craft many occasions, I attributed this, less than 3 hours later, as belonging to the same craft, and went back to sleep.  I don't know if they are just interested in the area, ! which just west of my complex is very sparsely populated gor seversl miles, or me, or both but, I have had repeated visits, I hope will continue, and from the stepping up of their visit's, I believe this to be true.  The fact being that I slept after seeing the craft and was awakened by this sound, for all I know, there may have been an abduction, I really have no clue if I ever have been.  Also: reading this report just now,  I recall a helicopter followed shortly afterward.;38.6356;-92.1176
5th incident same craft.;2011-10-15 16:45:00;3 minutes;5th incident same craft 2011 October 15  On 10-15-11 at 4:45pm a silver aluminum colored disc was traveling across the northern sky from east to west at great height, leaving a white contrail.  I estimate it was likely 5 miles away, and at 20,000 feet in height.  I watched it until it went out of sight behind trees.  It appeared to me to be the same type of craft, I heard on 11-25-10, and saw on 01-04-11, 01-14-11, 02-05-11. and 3-16-11.;38.6356;-92.1176
2 sightings same craft as many times previously, one year apart.;2012-01-03 21:00:00;1 minutes;2sightings same craft as many times previously, one year apart 2012 January 3 and January 2013  On 01-03-12 at 9:03pm a large disc shape craft, likely the one I had heard on 11-25-10, seen on 01-04-11, 01-14-11, 02-15-11, 03-06-11, and (possibly) 10-15-11, which I say because it had the same distinct loud sound and lighting.  It was dark so I could not be sure but, I believe it was, it passed directly overhead coming out of west going east at likely 750ft to 1000ft.  This same heading going east to west, and often, west to east, at the exact same flight path it has used before or one like it, has used before, and used repeatedly after this. Although I had heard it a couple of times, it did not register with my mind being busy with other things, however, one night around 9pm I'd guess, I believe, this same craft also, returned, in the first week if January 2013.  This time they got my attention: I had been watching tv when it froze on a single frame for about a minute, while I was messing with my digital antenna I heard the loud UFO craft's sound passing overhead, grabbing my boots coat etc, I went out but it was already far to the east, using the same flight path as it had previous years, some 750-1000 feet, unfortunately I did not note the exact date and time of this sighting.  It appeared to me, to be the same disk shape craft, same red lights on opposite sides with one flashing light below, I went back in and thought, well they're back again, my tv had resumed normal operation.  As I don't have the date/time, I have included it here, because it did, mark their return in 2013.;38.6356;-92.1176
They came back...;2013-07-27 23:45:00;3 minutes;They came back... 2013 July 27  On 7-27-13 at 11:45pm, my tv did its freeze on one picture thing again, I thought, I wonder, and sure enough, going outside, that same craft using the same flight path as it had in the past, silently passes overhead.  A disk shape craft with a red light on each side, and white flashing light underneath.  Again, at great height 1000 feet I would guess but, from the shape and lights it was the same one or one which looked the same as the one I had been hearing and seeing since 11-25-10.  This makes many many times, I believe, I have seen or heard this craft, in the last 3 years. They definitely have some interest in this area, or someone, in this area.  I have repeatedly checked the various sites I have found online and done searches but, since no one else in this area, is reporting anything like this number of sightings of this craft.  I can only guess, it is me, they are visiting.  I just hope, whatever the case, it continues and perhaps someday, I have the opportunity to meet them, awake, aware, 1 on 1, as equals, I think they must have a reason for all these visits, and I intend to find out, if possible.;38.6356;-92.1176
They're Back!!!;2013-11-28 00:00:00;45 minutes;They're Back!!! 2013 November 28  On 11-28-13 night time, late evening, exact time not noted.  Looking outside as I often do, now, I see in the western sky above tree line, a white light which hangs there, probably 2-3 miles away, at a couple hundred feet off the ground.  Now this is very sparsely populated area, so there is not much over there.  This UFO, gets bright then goes dim, goes out, then dim, then gets brighter, then dimmer, then brighter, then dimmer and goes out, only to grow dim-bright again.  This pattern goes on for some time, entertaining for a little while perhaps 20 minutes (I would watch, go away, and come back to still see it, eventually I got busy and forgot,  finally going back much later, it was gone) but, after a while, I just thought, well, they're back, again.  I don't know if they are attempting to tell me something or what?  I did not know until getting this iPad and going on google earth, there is actually a road back there, of which, I was unaware, I had thought it just open countryside for miles.  However, knowing that now, I think the next time, I see this craft, just hanging around back there, I may just go for a ride, I hope, on them.;38.6356;-92.1176
It is back, once more, early, and dropping drones.;2013-12-24 00:47:00;2 minutes;It is back, once more, early, and dropping drones. 2013 December 24  On 12-24-13 at 12:47am I hear that distinct loud sounding UFO again, I had repeatedly heard and seen, this time I jump up and go to the window and looking out I can see it behind the tree by the apartment building next door, traveling from west to east, following the same flight path I have seen it use quite a few times, and it is coming my way.  I can only guess at its height but, 5,000 feet perhaps, I see it and from indoors, I use my Cannon Powershot 2500A Camera and try to make a video but, in the LED screen, can see nothing through the dirty windows, so I go outside, but cannot see it in the screen (I was so excited to have it coming overhead and a camera this time (I think in my excitement, I had zoomed all the way in while inside and couldn't see the craft in the small area I had zoomed in on, although this video does show something in a few frames, an expert should review).    So out of frustration, I stop the video, as soon as it saved the recording, I change to still photographs... Then looking up again, I notice the craft doing something odd, nearly overhead now, it's dropping little stars every one half mile to every mile, is the only way I can describe this activity.  These little lights, drop away from the craft, and move in their own way, off away from ithe main craft, then seemed to vanish or go dark.  Some go south, some east, some west, some even rise up equal to the main craft, before falling off their own direction (thus they were not just dropping but under control). The little stars, I do manage to catch some of these in 4 pictures..,  Although it is not much to see, just little white specks of light... but, upon zooming in on the photograph with the camera, these look like little white boomerangs, some kind of craft, or probes, or drones, is my guess.. The main ship had the same two red constant lights on either side, white flashing light below but, though it was a disk with the curved front, maybe because it was so dark I couldn't make out the same curve to the rear, yet, for a moment almost directly overhead, it seemed to me, to be indented to the back?  Like it had the backside open or retracted, and this, is where, these little stars, or boomerangs, were being launched from or departing from, Not sure, like I said, it was hard to see in the dark and that altitude. The craft continued its normal flight path to the east, dropping these little things as it went in a regular pattern, it was visible from the time I first saw it fir perhaps 2 minutes. I don't know what these little boomerang things are but, if I had to guess, I would say that they are little drones of some kind because, on New Years Eve around 11:15pm.  I was opening the door to look out through my storm door because every so often I hear jets and this craft at altitude sometimes sounds like a jet until, it gets close, where it is far louder.  During hearing one if these, I opened my storm door and for a split second, I swear, I saw, a boomerang shaped lightly colored object (not lighted, it was only illuminated by our dim yard lighting) some 3-4 feet across, and perhaps 8-12 inches front to back, and 1 inch or so in thickness, about 25 feet from my apartment, right in front of the apartment building across from mine but, as soon as I got the interior door open to see out, I spotted this thing and it went zipping silently up and over the roof of the building next door and out of sight, I only saw this thing, for really, maybe,, 1.5 to 2 seconds at mo! st.  Clearly, it did not want, to be seen, I am certain of that... They are watching me, I think.  I hope, that this, is a, good thing. because if not, I am in deep trouble.  I know, I want to meet them, and learn, everything.;38.6356;-92.1176
