6 lights in the shape of a triangle spotted in mid-Missouri.;2014-06-14 21:34:00;~5-10 minutes;6 lights in the shape of a triangle spotted in mid-Missouri. I had some friends over for a hot dog roast and they had just left.  I went outside to bring in items from a yard sale we had earlier that day and I was walking towards my carport.   I looked up and saw a bunch of circles hovering in the distance and yelled for my sister and her friend to come outside and they freaked out and told me to film it.  I didn't have my phone so I ran into the house grabbed mine and ran back out.   While I did that, they grabbed their phones, too.  I started my camera app and tried to record with my iPhone but the lights didn't show up on the screen, so I put my phone in my pocket and just watched it.  All of a sudden it started moving towards us and as it got closer it looked more and more like a triangle and I pulled out my phone again and could see the lights on the screen, so I started to record it.   The object passed over-head, it was massive.  Others and I estimate it to be 300 to 500 feet wide in size.  The object emitted 6 lights.  The front light was white, followed by a set of 2 lights that were red/green at the same time, and those where followed by a set of three white/yellow lights.all of the lights pulsated.  It continued on a path south west.   I remembered that my friends had just left and shouldn't be that far down the road so I stopped recording and called them and told them to look towards the sky towards my house they pulled over on the highway and watched it while discussing it with me till it was out of sight.  Other people I don't even know have reported seeing it on Facebook too.  Sorry for the profanity in the video she was a little freaked out.  I have tried submitting this to MUFON twice and within hours the case is missing from there database I screen shotted the thank you note that includes the case numbers as proof.   Also the UFOstalker web site which automatically saves cases to track in real-time still has these cases listed along with the descriptions.  I just find it weird that MUFON would do this.  So hopefully you guys can help me identify this object because it was truly amazing.;38.6356;-92.1176
Central MO - Huge unidentified HUGE object or Formation of several objects flying silently and low.;2014-06-14 21:40:00;~15 minutes;Central MO - Huge unidentified HUGE object or Formation of several objects flying silently and low. Went outside around 9:30 or so to see if I could see the moon, supposed to be extra bright.  It was too early to see it but I saw three large bright lights in line in the area where I would normally see tiny lights of my nearest neighbor. It looked like a huge UFO, HUGE, was over my neighbors' house. I stared at it a while trying to make sense of it.  Went in and woke up my husband. He finally came out and was amazed too.  It was like... REALLY, what are we seeing...are we asleep?  Then the middle light became 2 then it moved closer to us and to the left very slowly, looked very low, was silent, was HUGE.  I could not identify it as anything I would know of.  So I am thinking.... dreaming.  But pretty cool. We were thinking 3 or 4 B2 bombers?  Stealth forming a giant shape of a UFO?  Then there were several lights 3 of them blinking, some red, some white.  Still looking triangle in shape.  Still quiet but could hear slight vibration or something. I would think this was several helicopters flying in an extremely coordinated formation, VERY slowly to look like a giant object in the sky.  It was so huge and seemed right there, so I would think it would have made noise. Whatever it was, it was very cool to see it.  I hope to hear what it/they was.;38.6356;-92.1176
