HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  I received a telephone call on the UFO Hotline this morning from a gentleman who resides in Verdun, Quebec.;2003-07-07 22:30:00;5 to 6 seconds;I received a telephone call on the UFO Hotline this morning from a gentleman who resides in Verdun, Quebec. Before he went on to tell me his story of what he witnessed, he first wanted to make it clear by telling me that he is a well grounded fellow. On the odd occasion when with a group of friends someone might bring up the idea of UFO, or that they may have observed one. The witness told me he would walk away and talk to some else, not believing there are unusual flying crafts out there. In other words very skeptical about the whole issue.  The man now explains to me that he has been re-thinking the whole idea after what he saw, which was very strange indeed.  On July 7, 2003 at 10:30 p.m. the witness took his dog out for a walk last Monday evening. He reached the corner of the street he resides on, heading towards the park which is across the street. Running diagonally from the witness, just above the streetlight poles at approximately 40 to 50 feet high the witness described seeing a Smokey gray colored object traveling slow over top of one of the homes in the area. He went on to say he had a good look at it due to it traveling slowly. The fellow described it as being approximately 25 feet in length with the head of it being wider than the tail and traveling maybe 10 miles per hour. The fellow also mentioned that it was not a bird, because he had such a good view of it as the sighting lasted for approximately 5 to 7 seconds. The witness said if he could sense anything about the object was that it had a slight whirling sound coming from it. (HBCC UFO Note: When I heard about the sound in which I object was making, I then asked if his dog took any notice of it, he said no). He went on to say he couldn't be 100 per cent sure the sound was coming from it due to the sound being so faint, but he was pretty sure. This sighting, he said stopped him dead in his tracks. The fellow mentioned that normally on his street folks sit out late when it is really nice out, but this evening of the sighting he said it was oddly quiet. The witness said, what I saw I could not explain.  I would like to thank the witness for reporting their sighting to HBCC UFO.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for sharing the report with NUFORC.  PD));45.4590905405406;-73.5656418918918
