Formation of 4-5 huge boomerang shaped objects, fully lit, silent, shooting star speed, flying in perfect unison.;2000-09-19 20:30:00;3 - 5 seconds;Formation of 4-5 huge boomerang shaped objects, fully lit, silent, shooting star speed, flying in perfect unison. At approximately 8:30 p.m. on Tuesday, September 19, 2000, I walked out on my back porch and looked up at the sky.  I was standing facing south. It was a clear night and the stars were very visible in the heavens.  From out of my right  came a formation of four to five objects, grouped closely together in flight, but clearly individual objects, traveling west to east straight across my field of vision.  Within 2-3 seconds they were clearly visible in the sky straight ahead of me.  They then paused, banked slightly and shot upward  to the south disappearing in the sky at about a 100 degree angle from where I first spotted them.  The objects seem to glide rapidly as opposed to flying.  There appeared to be no drag to the motion as one would expect if watching a plane make its way slowly across the sky.  Instead they glided effortlessly, silently and quickly like a shooting star. They paused in mid-air for only a fraction of a second before changing course.  When they banked and changed direction, they moved all as one unit.  Not one of the objects appeared to lose the slightest distance in its position to the other objects when turning.  They turned synchronized in perfect unison as if one unit.   Each object in the formation was very large (about the size of our moon in the sky), triangular to boomerang in shape and completely illuminated in a brilliant, but unusual white light -- as opposed to having lights on them.   When they paused for the split second and my mind could fully view and assimilate the formation of objects which had just sped into view before me, I had an incredible sense of awareness and knowledge that I was viewing something awesome and extremely technologically advanced.  I say this because of the speed and agility with which they glided across the sky the fact there was no associated engine sounds the ability of the pilots to fly in a formation so perfectly at the speed they were achieving and the size of each object as compared to the stars and other objects in the sky.  I refer to  other objects because at the same time they were crossing the sky, there was a jet plane to my left traveling eastward.  Had the formation of objects continued on a straight line eastward, they would have passed just south of the position of the plane at a very close proximity.  In fact, I was hoping the plane passengers would see them also.  Instead the formation paused, banked and headed southward well out of view of the plane. When the objects turned, I saw the underside of each object and realized that the illumination of each object was emanating  at different intensity levels.   Hence, it was not a reflection of one object appearing as several, but in fact several.  When the objects turned they increased speed dramatically and disappeared from view in about the time it would take a person to blink their eyes.;41.1682;-81.2398000000001
