3 Round orbs orange/orangey red in color hovering over central NJ;2012-03-24 00:10:00;7 Minutes;3 Round orbs orange/orangey red in color hovering over central NJ 3 Round orbs orange/red in color hovering over central NJ   Shortly after midnight on the morning of March 24th I witnessed 3 orb shaped objects to the west while walking my dog.  The objects hovered in place and pulsated between a orange and orangey red color like a fireball.  At first they appeared still and were in a formation of three across, with the one to the far left appearing to the be slightly larger then the other two. To estimate they were a few thousand feet in the air but appeared to be much larger and brighter then a plane would at this altitude.  It was a quiet and clear night and these craft were silent making no engine noise. Had this been a plane or helicopter at that altitude they would have been close enough to hear engine or propeller noise. I stopped to watch because it was strange how they were staying in place. I watched for about a minute when the object on the right began moving down and to the right of the other objects.  It moved a good distance away before it came to a stop and hovered in that spot.  They other two objects stayed in the same general location but would move around each other always keeping the same distance apart from one another. At this point I went inside and got my wife to come outside and witness what I was looking at.  She joined me on the front lawn and we continued to watch them for several more minutes. The object on the far right began to move to the right and then made a change in direction and moved up and to the left, appearing to be far above the other two objects.  They remained in this formation for the most amount of time, the entire duration of this event was about 7 minutes.  The objects came back together in a three across formation again and the object on the right began to dim in brightness.  As it dimmed it began to move to the north, it appeared just as a faint point of light moving north until it vanished from view. As it moved away from the formation the middle object followed suit and dimmed in brightness and moved to the north in the same direction as the first object.  The third object remained for about 30 seconds to a minute after the other two objects were gone from view.  Then same as the other two dimmed in brightness and followed the same direction to the north.;40.5859;-74.6832
