My friend and I were walking to my house when we stopped to look at the moon.  We started looking at stars and we saw a little ship com;1994-11-11 22:20:00;1.5 minutes;My friend and I were walking to my house when we stopped to look at the moon.  We started looking at stars and we saw a little ship come out of a large one and one flew overhead and hovered while we got his mom and brother. My friend and I were walking to my house (he lives down the street) when we stopped to look at the moon.  My friend was at the time around 11 and I was 13.  We had been friends since he was in Kindergarten.  I was starting my fascination with outer space around that age. We started looking at stars and naming them, then he spotted one above and to the left of the north star that was somewhat bright (but very far away like a plane would be).  This star was keeping it's possition in the sky, but what was weird about it was that another star with a much lower magnitude seemed to come out of the larger one and travel about 4 degrees across the sky and stay there for about 5 minutes.  After that, it simply went back to where it came from.  I never considered that part of the sighting because it was too far away to tell what it really was.  What I consider the sighting is explained below. After seeing the strange star-like pinpoints across the sky, we began looking for more to see if it was an isolated phenomena.  We continued to walk and look when strait down the road between the rows of suburban houses and over the top of the circle's trees (the circle being at the end of the short road we live on) was a very bright light, my guess being with about -5 or -6 was just sitting there.  At first it didn't click in my head because there's usually red lights in that part of the sky anyway because of power lines in the field.  Then I realized the light wasn't red, it was a white light.  We were now halfway down the road, standing in awe at the 3-way intersection and stared at the light.  I looked to my friend and asked him what he thought it was, and when I looked back I saw that it doubled in size.  It was coming at us, straight down the road.  We thought it was a helicopter, so we ran back to his house like we were fugitives (we always pretended like that).  When we got to his driveway, it was almost directly overhead and still no sound was coming from it.  I took charge and told him to get his mom (I knew without an older witness that no one would believe us).  He ran inside yelling and his little brother came running out, followed by my friend and his mom.  Now the diamond-shaped craft was directly overhead and hovering like a copter. The rest of the description gets blurry now, I believe there were 4 lights on bottom, the 2 sides being white or dull yellow, the front and back being red. As far as I can remember, it was only there for us to regret not having a camera, then it tilted up at about a 30-35 degree angle and zipped away above his house pretty quickly. The only way I remember this many details about it is because I immediatley wrote it all down in my journal when I got home because I didn't want to take the chance of forgetting it, or having warped memories about it later.;41.3525;-86.3060999999999
