1994 in Indiana- Black Triangle with white & red lights hovering then flying away quickly;1994-11-11 22:00:00;5 mins;1994 in Indiana- Black Triangle with white & red lights hovering then flying away quickly I was only 13 years old at the time. I was walking with my best friend from my house to his house in a subdivision outside of town.  We stopped in the middle of the street to look for shooting stars.  We found a few lights in the far distance that looked like airplanes without the flashing lights, but their behavior was strange.  The first one we found while looking to the north.  It moved a few degrees through the sky then stopped. A smaller light came from inside of it and went the same distance from its parent.  After a minute it returned to its parent and it continued to fly away. We continued to look around and we saw a bright white light over the eastern tree line.  At first we just assumed it was a light on a tower, but after walking a bit more then turning around again it was noticeably brighter.  We stared at it as it got bigger and bigger until we realized it wasn’t growing, it was approaching.  We ran westward down the street to my friend’s driveway, just a few hundred feet away. By the time we got there the object was above the street coming toward us. I told my friend to run inside and find a camera.  He ran inside screaming and his 5 year old brother came running outside to see what was going on.  A few seconds behind him was their mother who was in her late thirties.  My friend came back out without a camera to see what the object was doing.  By this time it was hovering directly above us at the height of a two story house. The object was hovering above us long enough for us to discuss it’s attributes.  It was a black triangle shape with four lights, 3 white and one red.  The white lights were at the corners and the red light was centered on it’s underside.  There was a low humming sound, but nothing more.  No wind, no engine noise, and no movement.  We knew it couldn’t be an airplane because it was hovering and we knew it wasn’t a helicopter because it was almost completely silent.   After about 2 minutes of hovering it simply tilted up slightly, probably about 25 degrees, and flew away at a very fast speed heading straight west above the tree line. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness suggests  that date of incident may be approximate.  PD));41.3525;-86.3060999999999
3 Silent Black Triangles flying in a One Sided Formation with Dim Lights in the shape of a V on the bottom;1996-11-09 12:00:00;2 minutes;3 Silent Black Triangles flying in a One Sided Formation with Dim Lights in the shape of a V on the bottom Laying on the pavement at Washington Elementary School around Midnight stargazing watching for shooting stars in the dark shadow on the east side of the school building when directly center above me at a good height, low cloud height maybe 3 Black Triangles flying in a single sided V formation completely silent flying/floating? straight west to east twards town at a slow yet steady pace, it lasted no more than two minutes until their stealth blackness disapeared them into a distant cloud bank. They also apeared to have 2 rows of dim lights in a V shape on the bottom. If I had not been looking at the exact spot in the sky where they appeared I doubt I would have even seen them but they appeared right over the top of the building!  It was amazing my only regret is I was alone with no video equipment! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.3525;-86.3060999999999
