Blue light, split into smaller lights in triangle.;2006-05-25 22:30:00;30 seconds;Blue light, split into smaller lights in triangle. I had just picked up my vehicle from my friends house on Zebulon Rd. at about 10:25, and I was driving down Buckley's Creek road when I noticed a strange blue light in the sky.  I slowed down my vehicle to about 35 mph so that I could look at it more closely.  It appeared to be at the same height as a jet, but the object was hovering and I have never seen an aircraft with cobalt blue lights.   After about 10 seconds of watching it, the blue light split into three smaller lights in a triangular formation, hovered for a few more moments and began to travel slowly towards the right.   After about 5 seconds of the slow mobement, it sped up violently and disappeared over the mountaintop.  As far as I know, I was the only vehicle on the road at that time. ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  PD));37.508921238938;-82.5208752212388
Object seen in sky above Pikeville. Appeared to change shape several times;2011-06-24 20:30:00;3 minutes;Object seen in sky above Pikeville.  Appeared to change shape several times My brother and I were sitting in our car in the parking lot across from RiteAid and Save-A-Lot at the plaza in Pikeville.  Our parents were in Save-A-Lots to buy a few things, while my brother and I sat in the car with our dog. Around 8:30-8:40 pm, my brother and I witnessed an object in the sky above the section of town around Magic Mart and the Windmill Restaurant.  There are two radio tower-like structures on the hills in this direction, making a football goal formation.  The object remained in this general area throughout the duration of the event. The object appeared to be cigar/blimp shaped craft tilted slightly downward.  It produced no trail as a jet should, nor did it have any lights, blinking or stationary.  If I had to guess, I would say that it was maybe a couple hundred feet above the ground, above of the farthest mountain visible from this position. It was only visible because of the sunlight reflecting off of it's surface.  If it has been any further away that this, it probably wouldn't have been visible from our position. As far as it's size, it was too far away to really be certain.  I would guess that it was not as large as a commercial plane, but not as small as the single-propeller planes commonly flown in this area. The sunlight reflecting from it's surface gave it a golden color.  It was lit so well that we could really see the shape quite well despite the distance.  So well, that we are certain that there were no wings present on this craft.  The object was about as bright as Polaris/North Star on clear night. It moved in straight line to the left. My brother noticed it first.  When he initially noticed it, the object was slightly to the right of the right radio tower.  It proceeded to move left, passing behind this tower and continuing to the left until it passed by the second tower.  After realizing that wasn't shaped like any known aircraft, my brother told me to look in that direction.  The object was so bright that it immediately caught my attention.  I viewed it for mere seconds before it passed behind the second left tower and proceeded to travel out of sight behind a wooded hill. I believe in extra terrestrial life and UFOs, but I had never saw anything to really solidify my beliefs.  This event really doesn't help because I can't rule out that it might have been a distant plane, despite weird shape and behavior.   When I saw it, I thought it might have been a jet, until I saw that it had no wings and did not leave a trail of any sort.  We were both in shock throughout the duration of the sighting, as it just looked so different and wrong compared to anything else we had seen in the sky. Right before I lost sight of it, I got out of the car and walked toward the trunk so I could see the object for a bit longer. Around 30 seconds or a minute later, the object reappeared going in the opposite direction.  It was slightly higher up this time.  It was still sort of cigar shaped but was now pointed in the direction it was traveling.  Within 5-10 seconds, the shape looked a bit different.  It looked almost as though it was two spheres in line, attached at the equator.  I'm not sure if this was a trick of light or if it actually changed shape.  It continued right for about 30 seconds.  At this point, the object appeared to become red or to glow red.  My brother and I both remarked on the odd color change. I observed it for another 30 seconds or so before I lost sight of it around a cloud.  I then ran to the front seat to retrieve my mother's cellphone to perhaps get a picture of the object, hoping that it would reveal itself on the other side of this cloud eventually.  I was unable to get any pictures/video of the object, as I had already put the camera away by the time I saw it the final time. Once I got back to my door of the car and looked back up, the object had disappeared.  I asked my brother where it had gone, when he explained what the object had done in my absence. He claims that he lost it in the cloud as well, but it appeared again shortly afterwards and proceeded to enter a sharp turn.  From this point onward, it was once again gold or yellow in color and its shape was different once again. As it made the turn, the object turned onto its side enough that he could note the shape.  It appeared to be disc shaped with a ring or separate segment in the bottom of it.  After making this turn, the object was traveling in the same direction as it was when we first discovered it.  It continued in this direction for 5-10 seconds. The last time I saw it was about a minute later.  The craft was heading downward and away from us.  The sun was setting quickly at this point and apparently the sun had sunk so low below the mountains that its light no longer reflected on the object's surface. I stood outside the car for several more minutes trying to catch another glimpse of it, but it was not seen again. I should note that about 8 minutes after the event, a small plane flew overhead and headed in the direction of the previous craft.  It was shocking seeing how different these two craft were.  Even as the plane became so far away that that it was barely visible, you could still see its wings and it was obviously no where near as reflective as the previous object.;37.508921238938;-82.5208752212388
