Odd crying and electronic beeping from hills, odd creature seen during childhood.;2003-11-07 00:00:00;30 mins.;Odd crying and electronic beeping from hills, odd creature seen during childhood. I was waiting on my cousin behind his house after loading up a keyboard to go record music, when i looked up into the hills after hearing rustling.  I had the keys to his car and shined this blue LED into the hills to enhance the visibility as to what was happening.  A few moments later, I heard odd crying-distress sounds as if they were from a child or cat, etc. I assumed it was an animal, but however was shaken by the experience and ran inside the house.  After I told my cousin of the sounds, we went outside with his camera to see what we could find.  We heard the sounds again, which were shortly followed by odd electronic beeping sounds, not tones that would be musical, but microtonal noises.  We became frightened, and got in the car and drove to my house, which is 100 ft up the road.  We loaded the keyboard into my garage because the house was locked and we forgot the keys to the house.  We relectantly stepped outside again and heard more rustling.  Oddly, his steering wheel had become very sticky, like a film of slime, (this might be condensation, but could be related).  This was a truly odd, crazy experience.  EXTRA NOTE - My cousin, who is now 19, saw an unidentifiable creature in the hills when he was 10 or 11 years of age.  He reported this creature as being like a monkey or sloth, clinging to a tree...it was a sandy brown colored animal, slender body with a big head...he became frightened and ran inside the house. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.508921238938;-82.5208752212388
Four red sequenced blinking lights in a diagonal bar formation sighted in Kentucky.;2008-05-16 00:00:00;3-5 minutes.;Four red sequenced blinking lights in a diagonal bar formation sighted in Kentucky. One night while leaving a late night event I sat in the passenger seat while my boyfriend drove us across a deserted stretch of highway. I leaned my head against the window and caught site of one small red light hovering over a distant mountain. The red light blinked four times and then a diagonal bar consisting of four other red lights would light up too. This only happened on every fourth blink.  This pattern continued several more times but I didn’t alert my boyfriend because I was unsure about what it was. As we drove around the mountain, I finally decided to alert him to what was there but because of his position in the driver’s seat, he was unable to see it. I strained to see the lights but could only do so for another minute or so. Even though I knew I was looking at the same point in the sky, the lights stopped blinking entirely and soon, it was out of sight.  This was in a familiar area that I’ve taken often so I am sure this was no type of tower and it didn’t resemble any type of jet or other aircraft that I’ve ever seen. It may have been moving but due to our changing position and the winding road I was unable to tell for sure. I haven’t seen the lights since but I am sure I saw it this night because it lasted several minutes and was very distinct. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));37.508921238938;-82.5208752212388
Witnessed an non-flashing orange object in the sky larger than a star move from west to east for ten seconds before vanishing.;2014-08-22 23:00:00;10 seconds;Witnessed an non-flashing orange object in the sky larger than a star move from west to east for ten seconds before vanishing. Approaching midnight of August 22, 2014, my fiancé and I were walking down the street towards our home after getting a late night snack.  We were nearing our house so I reached in my pocket to get my house keys.   I raised my keys up above my head so the street light would allow me to easily identify my deadbolt key. It was at this time that I noticed an orange light high in the sky to the north.  It appeared to be moving steadily from west to east with an even glow.   I asked my fiancé to look up at the light and she easily found it as it was the only light in the sky.  We continued to watch this light source move for the next few moments, all the while I kept expecting to see some sort of navigation light (red/green strobes) but it remained consistently orange.   For about ten (10) seconds we watched this strange light until it abruptly disappeared.  There were no sounds present at this time.   The weather that evening was overcast with thunderstorms in the area but a! t this time there was no precipitation or lightning present.  I have completed two college-level astronomy classes with dozens of nighttime viewing hours and I haven’t seen any aircraft, satellite, or celestial body quite like this.   This experience gave me chills because it just simply did not show any signs of being anything that I have witnessed in the past.;37.508921238938;-82.5208752212388
