The object moved at a relatively slow steady pace from east to west with lights at the front and the back completely silent and huge.;2005-08-23 22:00:00;7 minutes;The object moved at a relatively slow steady pace from east to west with lights at the front and the back completely silent and huge. It was dark but clear. I was using 12x binoculars and still could not clearly see any detail in the craft except that it was without wings and completely silent. It was as big as a commercial plane but flying just above the mountain top. The object had ligts like an aircraft but they did not blink. The lights in front were red and orange as were the lights in the back. The lights and the outline of the object gave the impression of being a helicopter because of the speed and the strange position of the lights but it was huge and low and silent. The object travelled at steady speed from east to west and my wife and I watched it fly out of sight. It was so slow that I had time to run in the house and get my binoculars. I see a lot of military aircraft and medical helicopters but I have never seen anything like this. It is impossible for me to accurately describe the object because it was too big and jet black. Except for the lights it just seemed to blot out the stars as it moved.;37.508921238938;-82.5208752212388
Huge rectangular white light then red circle appeared inside it, moved slowly and made no sound, was low in altitude.;2014-07-24 22:30:00;10 minutes;Huge rectanguler white light then red circle appeared inside it, moved slowly and made no sound, was low in altitude. I saw two red orbs the same size as stars.  I was puzzled to why the stars was red and not white, or if a planet orange looking.  I pointed it out to my two friends and instantly a huge rectangular light came on low in altitude, not moveing, and made now sound.  We whatched the light and inside something was moveing, causeing shadows to move.  Being I have always been religious, I thought it was God.  We whatched the light for a couple of minutes and then a red light appeared inside the rectangle, just left of center.  It stayed for a minute or so, then the light went out completely.  Exactly were the light was there was a craft of some type. It only had red lights and they were dim.  It began to slowly move off to our left. It went out of sight to our vantage point so we ran to were we could possibly see it longer.  We saw it again and it had changed its direction and was moveing back to what had been right hand side.  It moved almost directly over top of us and we could see the bottom of the craft which had I think I recollect counting nine dimly lit red lights with the two on the very end blinking alternately.  It still had made no sound.  I need to add that it was a very dark night,  The outer shapes of the craft couldn't be made out, while it was in the rectangular form and then with the red lights, all we could see was the light and I don't know if that was all of the crafts size or not.  It could have been cigar shaped but that couldn't be determined.;37.508921238938;-82.5208752212388
