Saucer in California with Red, White, and Blue lights seen when driving;1993-08-15 22:00:00;5 min;Saucer in California with Red, White, and Blue lights seen when driving This happened when we were living in California. I was with my mom and bro, I was probably around 6, my bro 11.  I guess there was a meteor shower or something so we took a drive out to nowhere, just desert with mountains in the distant, this kind of setting may be hard to find now but remember this was 10 years ago  :P .  So keep the picture in your head I want you to see exactly what we did.. we are coming home from stargazing now and all you see is flat, kinda sandy, dirt everywhere... a straight rode in front of you and mountains on the left.  Alright so we were driving straight ahead, no other cars on the road and we came across these water pump things and hovering over them was a huge craft!  The best way I can describe this thing was it looked like a stereotypical saucer. The kind of things you would see in cartoons...a saucer shape, with the glass kind of bubble on top, black all the way around it and blinking lights on the sides. The lights blinking though is the thing that confuses us the most because the colors of the lights were red, white and blue....government craft??? We have no clue... Now you wont believe this but it was within I'd say 100 yards away from us on the left side of the road!! And so you get a feeling of what we saw, it wasnt a light in the sky.. it was like...imagine standing in your driveway and looking across the street at the house on the other side.. only hovering about 50 yards off the ground. thats the best way i can describe the distance away from us and the size of this thing. And it made NO NOISE!!!  We just drove slowly along, staring at it, and it was going the same speed as us in the same direction, I guess following us in curiosity..or wanted to kill us :P  And so we were in awe, we had no clue what to think or do at the moment,  and I was only 6 so I got out of my seat in the back of the van and crawled in between the two front seats. Then out of nowhere the thing literally was behind the mountains that were way off in the distance in 2 seconds!!   So obviously we sped down the road to get a look behind the mountains and it wasnt there, I still cant believe what we saw to this day.. I really wish others could have seen it. Since then Its hard not to look up every 5 seconds :P ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));33.6647;-117.1743
((HOAX??))  While observing an apparent contrail with a strange dark funnel shape at end ,upwards angle of view.   ((anonymous report));2017-09-02 10:00:00;12 seconds;while observing an apparent contrail with a strange dark funnel shape at end, upwards angle of view .   No other dark cloud formations in sky. disc of chrome no tail no wings and no sound and high rate of speed;33.6647;-117.1743
