Close encounter.  The craft flew within 600 feet of us. 2 rows of bright lights one red and one green.;2014-03-21 20:15:00;8 minutes;Close encounter. The craft flew within 600 feet of us. 2 rows of bright lights one red and one green. My wife and I saw a craft with very bright red and green lights flying from a higher altitude flying erratically making sharp turns very quickly then stop in the sky.  Then we watched it drop very quickly to a lower altitude near the ground then right back up again.   After watching it for a few minutes, it starting flying towards us, and we were preparing to run in the house, when it turned to the left about 600 feet away from us.  As it turned we could hear a sound something like an electric motor but not exactly.   We couldn't see the shape because the lights which were a row of red and a row of green were so bright that you could not see what was above them.  Our house blocked our view when it turned so we ran around to the front of the house and could see that it was about a quarter mile away.   I saw a neighbor in his garage so I called him out to see the UFO.  He came out then pulled out his cell phone and used it to video it as it moved off and disappeared. The area that we think it stopped the first time is about 5 miles from our house.  Once it started towards us it took about 30 seconds before it turned when it was about 600 feet from us and about 300 feet in the air.  I estimate the size of the lights to have been about 30 to 60 feet long and 20 to 30 feet between the lights. We also noticed a large white light in the sky which appeared to move up toward the area where the craft first stopped then stop in the sky.  We forgot about that until we noticed it again when we lost sight of the craft.   I saw it just sitting there in the sky but after taking a ride to see if we could find the red a green lights again the white light was gone.  I'm not sure it that was anything other than a bright white light. I worked as a flight line mechanic in the Marine Corps for 4 years and I know how aircraft fly, and this one was not any type of conventional aircraft.;33.6647;-117.1743
