Huge black Triangle shape, all lit up,bright white lights, flying very low,slow speed and constant low humming sound;2010-11-30 18:00:00;12 minutes;Huge black Triangle shape, all lit up,bright white lights, flying very low,slow speed and constant low humming sound I was returning from the grocery store on Tuesday November 30, 2010 around 5:15 p.m. and saw what seemed to be a shooting star north by the mountains in front of me, however it was too low for that so I thought maybe it was a meteor shower. I drove home and unpacked and starting doing my homework.  I live in Menifee CA and yes there are a lot of military helicopters out here and they usually do there runs by our house a few times a week lately it has been a lot more. I heard the chopper outside and something compelled me to go out and look. I went outside in my backyard and at this time it is about 6:00 p.m. I looked up and to the right heard and saw the chopper and then turned around to my left ( south ) and out of nowhere comes this huge black triangle shaped object. All lit up on all sides with white bright lights actually looked like one solid light all around, but after viewing the pictures it is hundreds of lights. It was making a constant low humming sound and was real low and moving slow. It was about 3 to 4 times bigger than my house!  At first I thought it might be stealth but living in AZ for 12 years in the past I have seen and heard stealth’s and they are loud. So I thought maybe this thing is the Aurora, but then I thought why would the military bring this out at rush hour traffic and dinner time?  It went right over me and kept on moving north down to all my neighbors houses. The chopper was at first in front of it about a half a mile just watching it then moved sort of beside it. Then they went in a circular motion and I just couldn’t believe how big this thing was and all lit up! I ran in the house and grabbed my camera I was able to take 2 pictures of it from the back side. Then it just kept moving further away, again at a slow steady pace. I have never seen anything like this at this close range. I am still a little freaked out but I think something is going to happen and they are here to protect us or warn us, I think we are going to war again real soon. They just shot the missile off from the sea last week here and yes I saw that too! I was driving home and saw the missile bright light coming down. Anyway I didn’t want to call the TV stations or anything because I think it would get dismissed as a military weapon of some sort but I don’t think it was military at! all.;33.6647;-117.1743
