Sun City / Menifee UFO sightings in 1994;1994-03-01 01:00:00;4 months;Sun City / Menifee UFO sightings in 1994 In 1994 I became involved in researching a spat ((sic. Spate) of UFO sightings taking place in Menifee, California.   I was alerted to the activity by a man who had taken hundreds of hours of video of multiple objects and activity was continuing during our many meetings.   At one time the TV show Encounters was interested in showing one specific video but two weeks later, mysteriously pulled out the story with no explanation.     4 months into the investigation, the primary subject was killed in a one-car accident on a country road.     The video footage is largely of a surveillance nature with many hours of nothing followed by some very interesting items in the sky.   I personally witnessed one sighting and shock wave of something which affected all of the homes in the immediate area.     Also I interviewed multiple witnesses, who confirmed the strange activity. ((NUFORC Note:  We will invite the witness to submit individual reports.  Date of sighting may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));33.6647;-117.1743
Bright, glowing-in-brilliance shining silver/white UFO spotted near Menifee, CA.;2014-08-27 16:30:00;10 minutes;Bright, glowing-in-brilliance shining silver/white UFO spotted near Menifee, CA. Wednesday, August, 27, 2014 – I saw an unidentified flying object “UFO” at approx. 4:30 p.m., due east of Menifee, CA.  Bright, glowing-in-brilliance shining silver/white UFO flew straight up, stayed briefly and then before an eye's blink was glowing due south (quite a distance from the first sighting) then darted back east to the first spotted location, but much higher.   With each shift of direction it was as fast as the blinking of an eye.  Incredible speed--no sound and glowing a brilliant diamond-like crystal silver/white light.   I then heard a sound and it was a grayish-colored helicopter passing far beneath where the glowing object was, but I could still see the bright glow of the UFO.  It then completely disappeared.   I believe it ranks in the UFO category.  To compare the speed it was as fast as a USAF jet might fly (comparing the speed to something I have seen at an air show).   The object flew straight up and stopped, hovering, and within less than a second it was far to the south and glowing brightly, which was what made me think it was not a military jet.   I noticed (and possibly due to staring into the daytime sky), my eyes were seeing a lot of mini-type specs or stars.  I can't quite describe it, as I noticed it was unusual but I was too preoccupied keeping my eyes on the UFO so I would not lose sight of it.   My vision experience, along with the sighting, was very interesting and unusual.;33.6647;-117.1743
