3 stationary UFO over my location on bearing 160 200 and 203 - photo's taken, continuing to watch.  1+10 so far.;2014-05-30 22:35:00;Continuing;3 stationary UFO over my location on bearing 160 200 and 203 - photo's taken, continuing to watch.  1+10 so far. Detailed report to follow in the morning.  Pictures are not good, but do show that these objects are far brighter than any other stars or planets.   Rest of the sky is moving west while these remain stationary.   Appears to be two amber lights with one red light.  Seem to be turning as the red light is not always visible.  We watch the sky often after the experience on March 13, 1997.  I looked up and instantly recognized these as non-star/planet & possible UFO.   Object nearly directly overhead emitted flash of light initially...sky was not completely dark at that time at altitude.   Estimate these to be high or very high objects, unable to estimate their flight level.  One airplane did seem to fly between the most east and most north object and turn while doing so but I can't be sure.   These do closely resemble planets, but are much brighter, have two amber lights and the single red one.   I'm going back out now to observe, time is 22:47.   Will submit photo and drawing by mail.   End of initial report. ((NUFORC Note:  The witness who submitted this report is well known to us, and we consider him to be exceptionally reliable as an observer.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM ORIGINAL WITNESS)) Hi Peter… I am ready to dismiss the sighting I had of the 3 barbell shaped UFO’s as atmospherics.  Well, almost ready. As promised I was ready for the next nights event.  If the objects re-appeared I would accept them as planets.  And so it was with much anticipation that I took a chair amongst the cactus to examine the evening sky.  The time was 2025.  Oh the disappointment!  For there they soon appeared in nearly the same place and in the same triangular formation.  Oh well, I’m not the first to be duped by atmospherics. But wait?  These look just like two planets and one star?  These 3 are no where near as brite as on the previous night, and there is no red “navigation” light attached?  What gives here? I must also report that my Mac went to a black screen immediately following my report on your web site.  It took 3 days and 5 tech’s at Apple to solve the problem.  “I’ve never seen this before, What’s this?  This isn’t right…”  Those and other comments from Apple while trying to restore the computer. Naw, must have just been planets and atmospherics.  Unless someone was hiding in plain site.  And I will admit that that is a stretch. Advise if you would still like the drawings & photo's to follow.   Regards, ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));33.9262;-112.0985
