Low-flying object had three large bright lights, made no sound and moved unlike any known conventional aircraft;1994-08-15 22:00:00;Three minutes;Low-flying object had three large bright lights, made no sound and moved unlike any known conventional aircraft Sometime in August 1994, a friend and I were night fishing at a pond beside a private lake near Hazleton, PA. We had arrived there around 5:30 p.m. or 6 p.m., and the only reason the security guard at the gate let us in was because my friend knew somebody. There were private homes surrounding the lake, but there were no homes in the area where we were fishing, which we did for hours during the visit without catching anything. At around 10 p.m., I turned around to get a cigarette out of my tackle box when I noticed three large bright lights hovering behind some trees. Behind the pond was an open field of high grass a few hundred yards in diameter, and along the perimeter of the field was dense forest. The object I saw was off to the left. I said to my buddy, What the hell is that?   Astonished, he said, I don’t know.  The object moved out from behind the trees and started to slowly make its way toward our position. It was only two or three stories above the ground, and I had a great fear it was about to land in the open field. My friend pointed his flashlight at the object when it was just about over our heads. I wanted to get in his truck and flee the scene. The object, which emitted no noise whatsoever, then started to move in another direction away from us toward the forest until it finally disappeared over some trees. The object’s lights faced us during the entire sighting, making it impossible to determine the craft’s shape. My friend and I threw our fishing gear into the back of his truck and sped away to the entrance of the private lake, which happened to be in the direction the object flew. We were traveling along a dirt road when we had to stop and wait for a slew of deer to cross. The animals were running from the area where the object had flown. Regarding the object, we were unable to make out its shape because the three lights facing us were extremely bright. Each light was three times as large as an automobile headlight, and they were brighter than high beams. The object must have been fairly large, however, because there was some decent space between each light. The object could not have been a plane, jet or helicopter because of the way it moved and because it made no sound. Furthermore, I’ve never seen any flying craft that could move so close to trees like this one did. Other aircraft were visible from our position, but they were merely planes taking off and landing at a nearby airport, which was pretty far away from the lake. The object we saw basically was right in our faces and, again, couldn't have been a conventional aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));40.9488284210526;-75.9640115789475
