Redish Orange light view by 10 people from boat, moving, stopping then out of sight vertically.;2009-07-04 22:15:00;15-20 Minutes then back f;Redish Orange light view by 10 people from boat, moving, stopping then out of sight vertically. UFO was a redish Orange round ball in the South sky which moved fast horizontally then stopped, moving again and again, then stopping.(Stopped for 2-3 mintues at a time.)  It then finally moved straight out into the atmosphere, disappearing.  It then was back, (10 minutes later) at an even lower sighting just below the handle of the big dipper, moving horizontally to the North then West and just sat for 2 to 3 minutes or so.  It then moved out of sight, getting smaller and smaller until it was gone. All stars in the night sky were white, moon was bright in the South-East sky and this redish glow moved about, slow then fast, slow then fast.  It was not constant as the satellites moving through the sky, this redish glow moved then stopped many times. The sky was dark as 10 of us watched fireworks around the lake from a boat, we all viewed this object straight up in the southern sky.  It never traveled out of sight moving horizontally.;42.1219;-85.5061
Object in sky lit up close above tree line hovering then disappears and reappears same spot.  ((NUFORC Note:  Planet?  PD));2015-03-24 22:30:00;3 minutes;Object in sky lit up close above tree line hovering then disappears and reappears same spot. I spotted an object which was closer to the tree line.  I was unable to tell the shape exactly if I zoom in on the picture it is a bright light rectangle in shape.  It appears to have bright lights on bottom, it hovers in one spot.  It is very noticeable.  It appeared for a few minutes then went away and then reappeared for a minute and disappeared.   I also saw it in the same exact place a few nights ago. ((NUFORC Note:  Planet?  PD));42.1219;-85.5061
Flying object with lights similar to planes flies in front of trees far too close to the ground.;2017-09-15 23:20:00;4 minutes;Flying object with lights similar to planes flies in front of trees far too close to the ground. 11:20pm. I decided to stretch my legs and I looked out my window to see if my father was going to arrive home.  No one drove by, I could only see the light of my neighbor's house, but then I see a few blinking lights passing by.  My first thought was a plane, until I saw it go in front of trees.  Planes don't go in front of trees that you're fifty feet away from. It was composed of several lights, such as red, yellow, orange.  I could not see it's shape, but it simply hovered above the road very fast and went upwards, and it's also important to note that it was not an area that planes travel.  No one plays with drones in this area, it's a busy road and nobody would be flying something they paid so much for over a road they could accidentally drop it on and have it get run over.  It flew in front of dark trees until I saw it disappear out of my sight.  I was only 20 feet away from the road. My best guess is that it was about the size of a smaller car. I wanted to chase after it, but mosquitoes are grossly overpopulated and the pine trees suck to walk on, and even if I went and grabbed my shoes, it would be out of sight and gone. I'm a very scientific person and I ruled out all possibilities of what it could be besides UFOs but this is my last resort.  It hadn't caused me trouble and I'm a young guy, going on this site and seeing the last reported sighting on the home page was in my general area freaked me out a little.;42.1219;-85.5061
