unknown black triangle;2000-06-15 23:00:00;10 minutes;unknown black triangle my sister and i were heading home. she lives by a game reserve. the road is a back road with woods on either side. the stars and moon were out. she was driving and i in the passinger seat. i smoke so i had my window down i saw a bright light through the trees. everthing seemed to get deathly silent but you expected to hear a plane sound or helicopter approaching but as the light got closer no sound was with it that is what me take notice because i thought maby it was a plane or helicopter about to crash in the trees as a few miles away is the millville airport. both her and i said what is that when on my side just above the tree line came a tip of something. as more came out we first thought plane but we realized it was much too low im talking just above the tree line. as more came out it was black, flat triangle shape reminded me of the U.S. stealth bomber. i made my sister stop the truck as it went over the road. it continued over to the other side of the woods at the same pace. no plane can go that slow or makes no sound and stay just above the pine trees. i wanted her take a dirt road that goes through the game reserve to follow it but her exact words were im not following that thing. i have never forgotten that night. i still in my head try to figure it out. i lean to a military project yet to be disclosed to the public however to this day i have never seen anything like it. my sister works as a project analyst and i do computer entry for ins claims. im telling you this because i want you to know we are just average everyday persons, not sci fi nuts or ufo searchers or anything like that. im wrinting this so maby i wont think about it anymore as its like a mystery in your head that never ends. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting in June 2000 (??) is approximate.  PD));39.3667;-75.0308
Triangular,3 red lights on each point.Flew straight across sky very fast than it was gone.Made a loud sound .;2008-06-02 10:31:00;10 seconds;Triangular,3 red lights on each point.Flew straight across sky very fast than it was gone.Made a loud sound .;39.3667;-75.0308
