Big object, low to the ground made no sound, concaved lit up underneath center ,;1975-06-10 22:00:00;6 seconds;big object low to the ground made no sound, concaved lit up underneath center , Well that faithful summer night we were traveling along the center of town the town is Millville ,,  It is located in Cumberland county (the poorest county in New Jersey) the street was High Street and as I began to mention we were traveling along the center of town from north to south in a Volkswagen beetle (speed limit was 25 mph but to be sure not to have problems with the bored and impetuous police department, we were actually doing about 15 to 20 mph..  I was the passenger in the rear, and had the whole rear seat to myself so I was actually hogging it up and sitting in the middle of the seat,, and if anyone remembers the original bugs (as we used to call them) the rear window was curved so if you were relaxing like I was and had my head laid back I had a solid clear view of all above me,, back then the street lights weren't the powerful orange street lights we have today and the lights were spread further apart from one another.. so back then one had a pret! ty good look of the sky , even in the center of town,, ,,as we were slowly traveling north to south and I was looking up at the stars,, just thinking of the possibilities,, of life out there,, somehow a split second before it actually happened it actually did,, here is the chain of events..  I was gazing at the night sky looking at the stars ,, when all of the sudden the stars,just started to disappeared and then totally disappeared... and I said wait a minute how can that be ,, a cloudless sky ,, and plenty of stars to see and all of the sudden gone,,  it was about this time, that I realized what was happening,, a massive object I would estimate the size of three , four or more,football fields was traveling West to East very very slowly and very very low, only about 500 feet above the highest building,, so you know this thing was low and big. The edges well as most of the craft of this object were completely black so that explained why the stars looked like they vanished, as the center of the object came into view of the middle of the s! treet th e center of the object came into complete view to me the center of the object (which was concaved) was brightly lit it had lights randomly placed along the inner rounded portion of the ships bottom.  Again the lights were randomly scattered throughout rounded mid section and I could make out very clearly bulkhead doors, also scattered throughout the lit up portion,, as well as windows yes windows the windows were rounded and were themselves illuminated,, as I frantically tried to tell my friends of what i was seeing they just locked the doors as to not let me get out,, saying they were probably saving my life if something was there, nothing whatsoever malfunctioned in the car,, the streetlights also did not malfunctioned so if one was not looking up as this object which made no sound at all one might have never seen it...  I remember it all as if it just happened... as we made the left to main street heading east I caught one last glimpse at the object.  At the time I thought that the only possible explanation was that the object which soon gained altitude and seemed to be back to normal functioning order was having some kind of a malfunction with it's cloaking device..,, I have been visited 3 times by bright angelic type beings in my life.. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.3667;-75.0308
