Saw unexplained objects and beings;1976-06-01 02:00:00;approx 1 hr;Saw unexplained objects and beings I awakened around 2 am to a light I could see through the window curtains in my bedroom and did not pay much attention to it.  I was a light sleeper at the time because I had a 3 yr old daughter.  Thinking I needed to go to the bathroom and then check on all three of my daughters, I got up and did this. About the same time I kept hearing a reedy voice (?) telling me not to look out the windows or turn on any lights.  I decided to walk down the hall to my living room to look out the door window from across the room (I had sheers on that window and could look out without disturbing anything)I then saw a light traveling down my road in front of my home. It did not seem to have anything solid to it and was about the size of a beach ball.  It was swinging to and fro from one side of the street to the other. I then ran back to the bedroom and awakened my husband to make sure I was not dreaming.  I explained quickly to him what was going on and he followed me back down ! the hall.   When we reached the end of the hall where the living room, dining room and kitchen opened up he listened to me tell of the words that I had heard earlier. He didn't believe me right away when I told him we were not to look out the windows, turn on any lights of try to use the phone because all would be useless. Well..he immediately tried the lights, none of the available switches worked so he went to the bottom of the stairs to the basement and switched all the circuit breakers off and then on and still nothing worked. Three streets over we could see a porch light or two on. He came back upstairs in the darkness and went to the phone and said he was going to call the police or electric company because he felt so uneasy. The phone was dead. Now back in those days the phone did not run on electricity but on the phone line itself and would work when there was no electricity. Then I told him about the light going down the street and also what I had seen out the side w! indow in our bedroom when I first got up. We had a small, deep lake at the north end of our road about an eighth of a mile from us called Earl Lake and I had seen something there hovering above the lake with a ramp of steps going from the lake up to a craft of some sort, it seemed so large that I could not make out its size or shape from where I stood in the bedroom. I did see, however, some sort of beings carrying what looked like sacks upon their backs going from the waters of the lake up the ramp and into the craft.  They were strange looking, dressed in dark coverings that came just below their bottoms with hoods on their heads.   There was light coming from the opening of the craft and below what appeared to be one end of the craft just over the edge of the lake.  They looked to be about 4ft tall and very stocky with strong looking legs.  I could not see their faces because of the hoods. Off to the side at the bottom was what seemed to be a very thin, tall being I could not see very well as it was standing away f! rom the brightest lights. After my husband tried the lights and the phone he became very uneasy and both of us sat down in the hall out of sight of and windows. After approximately an hour I once again heard the voice and was told to resume what I wished and that all would be alright. When we looked out the door window and the north bedroom window facing the lake, we saw nothing. All was back to normal, the lights and the phone were now working. There was never a repeat. After this had all ended , my husband and I agreed to just not say anything to anyone because we thought someone would think we were crazy.  I am now 70 yrs old and have never forgotten this incident. I still remember it very clearly. I had always had the ability to see visions and hear certain faint voices from the time I had been a very little girl. I never talked about it because when I was young I thought everyone had the same ability.  When a teenager and young woman I had told my mom and she said not to advertise it because others would think something was wrong with me.  As I said, I had certain things come to me but not of this magnitude.  I did tell my husband after we were married and was able to prove to him through certain instances that I could see visions and sometimes sense things in the future, although I did not try to cultivate this ability.  So when this particular instance happened I needed a witness because it was different from any other circumstance I had experienced in the past. It so frightened me that I prayed to have my abilities taken from me. I tried for years to suppress it but even at this time in my life I still see things but am freer telling others about what I see. (But not often). In summary:  I tried for years to find someone else that had seen beings like the ones I had seen but didn't know how to proceed in researching any of it. There is more background and instances in my life but I hesitate to talk about them to too many people. When I listened to George Noory on the evening of Oct 25th I heard the request for people like me to report what I had seen.  Since I am now 70 yrs and this happened when I was 35yrs old. I thought someone else should know.;42.6272845528455;-83.9230000000001
I was working on the roof of the house and looking up when I saw something at what looked like an average passenger jet altitude moving;1998-08-01 14:30:00;5 minutes;I was working on the roof of the house and looking up when I saw something at what looked like an average passenger jet altitude moving west at VERY high speed. I called for my wife and son and they observed a second similar object. I saw a third object come from the south to the north, then turn and move erratically toward the west at a lower speed. The sky was absolutely clear. The local airport told me that they don't have the capability to check for passenger jets on their radar. The objects were too far away to make out a shape but they were white or silver and did not look like anything else I have ever seen. I am a Professional Land Surveyor and have never seen anything else like these. See Above;42.6272845528455;-83.9230000000001
Orange ball of light that was moving from South to North in Howell.;2005-07-03 22:30:00;10-15 Mins;Orange ball of light that was moving from South to North in Howell. This event took place while my girlfriend and I were at a friends house at Crooked Lake in Howell.  The object appeared on the horizon as a glowing orange ball of light that was traveling from south to north.  I was not able to tell the altitude of the craft, but seemed to be the same as passenger jet airliner's.  The sky was clear and people all around the lake were setting off their fireworks, so I know a lot more people were able to see the craft because they were all ready looking up at the night sky.  The craft seemed to be twinkling like a star, and it did not change shape, color or even size after it passed directly overhead.  It looked the same going away from us as it did coming towards us.;42.6272845528455;-83.9230000000001
Entity appeared night sky changed 4 times;2020-11-04 18:47:00;10 minutes;Entity appeared night sky changed 4 times At approximately 6:47 p..m. On November 4, 2020 in an attempt to capture a picture of the night sky. After noting two bright stars one orange and one white. The orange one was in the bottom left position while the white was top right. As I was snapping the photo. What I can only describe as an Aliens finger ( White at the base, grey I’m the middle. Almost tentacle like fat at the base and extremely narrow at the top) appeared in front of my lens. Stealing the focus of my camera and cause the stars in the first photo to be very dull but still readable as Orange on the Bottom and white on top. It curled down as the camera snapped the picture and what’s caught is a triangular white blur. Which to me was the knuckle of the finger that’s been curled to where the tip touches the palm. After looking down and seeing what I thought I’d imagined was actually in the photo I set off to the house frightened. I recounted this to my brother who I’d been on the phone with the whole time. After getting some courage I opened the back door to look at the night sky again to find that the two objects were gone. I shut the door and exclaimed to my brother that the stars I’d seen and photographed were gone. He wanted proof so I opened the door to take another photo and they were back! But not in the same order this time the orange was at the top and white at the bottom. I snapped the picture and once again exclaimed to my brother what had happened. After hearing this excitement my Father in law came out of the house into the garage and asked what was going on. I explained we went out and as you can see in the third photo the objects were gone again and the sky was black. Donandrew@live.com;42.6272845528455;-83.9230000000001
