many craft almost every night since November, 2007 including et. sightings.;2007-11-29 18:45:00;15 minutes;many craft almost every night since November, 2007 including et. sightings. I probably have the strangest story to tell. I know that more and more people are going to think that my whole family has lost their mind. Since November, 2007 I have become obsessed with what is happening in our tiny town. I am not sure where to go with it. We have lost a lot of sleep since November of 2007.  On November... I believe 29th of 2007,  I was driving home from town. The hwy. we travel is very long and dark, with little or no traffic and no street lamps.  I had my daughter and her boyfriend with me. It was a perfectly clear night between 6:30 pm and 7pm. Suddenly there was a fog that came up around us in which we all started talking about because it was so odd. Then, a very bright bluish light lit up around us which really startled us. At that very moment a bright white light shot from the sky at low altitude and could have hit the ground in front of us, but not so that we could see. We were very startled, and nervously chatted along the drive. We drove aways and there were very bright, what appeared to be red and orange lights in front of us.  They probably could have more than stretched from one side of the highway to the other.  It looked as though I might run right into them and I began to come to a stop. As I got closer it appeared as though they zipped sideways and disappeared. When I thought I had passed the spot where this occurred I wanted to turn around and look for the lights but my passengers were too frightened so we continued home. Since this occurred, the whole month of December has been somewhat like a nightmare that won't end. I have made a journal of what has happened and continues to happen. My story is probably too much to believe even for your sight. I have video tape and photographs unlike anything I have seen on the internet. I have seen more things going on around our two closed down mines than anyone can believe. I have made many comments on Youtube about what has been happening simply because of some of the idiotic comments people have made about what people are reporting they have seen, and it makes me angry that people don't believe them. I also reported the first part of my journal to Brian Vike from hbcc, who was supposed to come out and watch these things with me, but turned out ill. He hasn't contacted me since and I suggest we don't just let this go. So, I wonder if someone hasn't picked up on this and is either checking out what is going on here, or are they actually ufo's mistaken for aircraft, or has our military been sent to this area to make people believe that is what I have been seeing because suddenly, just as of this week, we have possibly been having fighter jet type planes in our area. Now I cannot confirm this but I have been told they are being seen, which is totally unheard of in this area. I know the difference and I know what I have seen here almost nightly since November 29th. This includes a craft the size of a football field and much more. I know you are going to find what I have to tell you very crazy, but I swear on my life and on my family it is all true. I definately don't trust this in the hands of police, (even though two of them witnessed one above our mine a few years ago). Neither do I trust the military or any government official to look into this. In fact I believe they already know. I have not shown my photos or video to anyone and will not send them out over the net. Among others we have excellent clear footage of a saucer carrying below it what looks like a pod type thing or capsule. The capsule has flames. We have had orbs everywhere. I am not going to go on about everything but just when I thought they may have left us, I saw another the night before last hovering over the mine again like a strobe light of red and white. Believe it or not we have major ufo’s or George Bush is flying around in his Black Craft stealing our resources, looking like Mr. Burns of the Simpsons counting his money. Please let me know if you would like a much clearer description such as the journal I have been keeping.;54.8857;-126.2245
