The green glowing aircraft;2011-05-08 03:30:00;2-3minutes;The green glowing aircraft My two brothers and I were driving home at around 330am Sunday morning.  Then all of the sudden it seemed that the entire night sky just kinda lit up if you will, almost like a huge explosion had taken place but with no explosion.  The light just seemed to come from no where, just the sky was bright.  It was from the ground to the clouds and even the car we were traveling in lit up.   We all started to freak out started asking what the **** was that and just were in disbelief.  Then it got a little crazier.  There was a craft of sorts?   It was hovering very close to the ground and just sat there.  I feel like this didn't happen but it did, I know it did, all 3 of us seen it.  It was nothing like I have ever seen before.   I served in the 101st airborne infantry division so I've been around lots of military craft and have never seen anything like this.  It was long and flat and the freaky part was it had a green glow.  Like if you were to imagine an old carto! on and that person had like bio waste on him how they would make it glow green?  I don't know it was to weird to explain with words, but it was glowing green and sat there for around 5 seconds or so.   This worked us into a freak out of epic proportions we couldn't believe our eyes what the heck was this and just like that it like disappeared and left this outline of fire in the sky.   It looked like a child's drawing of a Christmas tree but orange to redish in color and then that just kinda just went away as well.   The craft moved so fast it was wild, almost like it hopped or somehow just went from one spot to another I don't want to use this word but teleported?  I don't have any explanation of what we saw nor do either of my brothers and I can't explain it with words my mind just doesn't want to comprehend it but I do know we seen it.  My comments to the entire thing were If our military has a craft that can do that I feel sorry for the other countries.  My brother stated That was paranormal and my other brother said What ! the hell moves that fast and leaves fire tracers?   It was a crazy night/morning and I just wanted to see if anyone else has ever reported something similar because I kinda feel crazy!;36.3364301886792;-119.299558018868
