MUFON/OHIO REPORT:  Nine spherical UFO's in the night sky one came close to scan me!;2005-03-02 21:00:00;20 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the source of the report, MUFON/Ohio, for sharing the report with our Center!  PD)) Nine spherical UFO's in the night sky one came close to scan me! My Sightings  I have had a number of sightings at home and on my property.  I live in a rural area where, for some reason, just about anything can happen.  The sighting I am writing to you about is a fantastic one, although there have been some other pretty incredible sightings. It started one evening on the 2nd of March, 2005. I was walking my cat down to our garage to put her in out of the cold, when all of a sudden, to the left of my view, I saw 7 spherical UFO’s flying through the sky. They zoomed into view. They were pale white, filmy sort of objects with a little dark dot in the center. As I watched I was treated to a dancing display of lights, which left me dumbfounded. During the dance, the two smaller white spheres dropped out of the two larger UFO’s, and began to zip around in the sky, darting every which way. The two smaller discs then joined back up with the larger UFO’s almost as if they were being absorbed into these larger objects. These smaller discs were white and filmy too but with no dot in the center of them. It was as if they were smaller ships, or something, that seemed to scout around even more quickly than the bigger objects. They looked like orbs of light or similar to that. The group continued on, but hovered in the middle of the sky. I was so excited! I had just made a decision about a year before to start looking up at the sky for UFO’s. I had only looked up, maybe, twice, that year, for a minute or two it wasn’t anything serious, so when I saw these objects I knew exactly what they were. I had read about UFO’s, and how some of them looked, and behaved there was no mistaking it, this was what I had read about. I quickly ran over to my drive at the gate to get a better look, then to my husband’s shop to get my cameras. I had two cameras - unfortunately, only one was fully loaded (as I found out later), but I managed to get a couple of shots. I told myself (inside my head) that I wanted these UFO’s to come closer, so that I could get a good photograph. No one would believe the picture that I would get, at this distance. While the second I said that, one of the UFO’s started over! It heard me! It had heard what I had said in my own mind that means they are telepathic! As the object came closer, I panicked and started to run. I had heard and read about what could happen to you if you got too close to a UFO – you know, burns and radiation – so I didn’t need that. So, I ran. As I ran this object stopped in mid-stream and started back toward the group. …I stopped and went back to the gate with my cameras in-hand, actually one was strapped around my neck and started to snap pictures of these UFO’s, when I realized I couldn’t get the flash to work (on my digital camera). Over and over, again, I snapped the picture with no luck. I quickly went to camera B. It worked fine, it was my 35 mm camera.  I got pictures of these objects, or at least, I hoped  I had it was dark and they were up in the sky and you know how that looks on film. So, I said it again, “Please come over so I can take your picture.” And, again just as I said that, the UFO started to travel over….I was so excited, but I started to run again to my house. I just couldn’t stop myself. The UFO kept coming and I kept running, looking up as often as I could. Just as I was approaching the house a white flash went off…with the sound of a click. I thought, “Oh, my camera is working now or they have somehow activated my camera.” I kept running. As I came to my house, I took another look…this object looked like a star traveling pretty fast it was white with a fiery motion to it, all ablaze in white with a pale yellow front to it. The pale yellow was at the beginn! ing of t he object. Then as I looked - before I was near to the house - I saw the object stand stationary in the sky – about 15 feet from me and 30 feet in the air. It was in semi-darkness, with light and shadow playing upon it, I could barely make out the shape. It wasn’t circular anymore but looked to be sort of crescent-shaped. …I don’t know, I couldn’t really tell. Something was rotating… it kept rotating. Then all of a sudden, a slender milky white arm slinked down from it, about 15 feet down from the object. You know what I mean, like a spider drops down from its web (that sort of motion and look). And it was translucent, gossamer-like, with a curly-cue tail on the end of it. The very last look I got before I dashed into the house, was when I looked up and saw a milky white sphere on the end of the thing. As I was running, it must of appeared somehow on the bottom of the arm. It was attached to this arm. The sphere was see-through, too, similar to the arm. This UFO star-like thing seemed to be in the material world and the arm and sphere seemed to be in another dimension. This was like a science fiction movie.  I couldn’t believe it!  I felt like I was being scanned. I was being scanned by this sphere, and my only thought was ... “I feel so primitive.” I ran into the house and didn’t come back out or look out the windows the rest of the evening. I can tell you that I had had a real earth shattering experience things will never be the same for me. I still look up at the sky, every night, wishing and hoping to see these UFO’s. A month or so later my husband and I had another visit but this time from a red/orange (circular) UFO. We actually got a photograph of it! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));38.9418;-84.0877
One shape shifing UFO, or two to three UFO's?;2008-09-25 10:00:00;15 minutes;One shape shifing UFO, or two to three UFO's?   UFO September 25 / 2008  I walked down to my garage at around 10 and 11:00 pm on September the 25, it was a Thursday night. I was putting my cat in the garage, but before I did that, I walked out to my gate and was looking at the western sky. It was a dry warm night, there were stars out and a few airplanes in the sky. There is nothing but a field, where I walked down to my garage at around 10:00 pm. The incident took place between re I was gazing I live in the country. As I was looking out into the field, I saw an object in the sky, a little above tree-height - flashing colors. It was an object that seemed to flash colors as it looked to be turning. Or it looked like it was turning or spinning. The lights emanating from the object were different colors - pink, blue green pastel colors. The object was completely silent, I couldn't really make out the shape of the UFO. I went to get my film camera and my video camera. When I came back it was gone, I was disappointed.  I took my cat into the garage, and when I came out of the garage I walked over to the shop, which is a couple of feet away and for some reason, I looked down at the ground, looking at the bushes. All of a sudden I looked up and there it was! Staring right at me. It was at tree-top height directly across from me, in front of a house, across the road. The field I was looking at, before, is right alongside this house. The UFO appeared totally different now. It was circular, and of a star-like color, only a little warmer (color). It was white. It hovered for a minute or so while I picked up my cameras and took pictures. When I aimed my film camera, I couldn't see anything in the lens, but took the picture anyway. I got my video camera up and shot that too.  After I took my photos the object, which was completely silent, then started to drop down from the sky toward the ground. It was descending to the ground, I thought. I walked over to the gate trying to get a look at it going down to the ground and where it would land, but when I got around the gate, it was gone. It must have gone behind the house as I couldn't see it anymore. I was wondering why it had disappeared on me, but in the morning I viewed the spot again, where it had descended, and it obviously had to have gone behind the house. It had been further away than I had thought. It must have dropped behind the house and landed somewhere in a field. This is all farmland here. That is, if it landed, of course.  I took my video film inside and put it on the tv to view. To my astonishment, I did get the UFO on video! It looked like it had five or more points on the object. It looked like it was spinning too. Then I got a white circular object and, a green circular object. Funny thing, the UFO that I saw on the video looked totally different than the one I saw with the naked eye (which was a circular white object at that point). While the circular green object, I didn't even see! It was like there were three objects out there, and my video camera picked up three UFO's. The flashing, turning UFO, the circular white UFO - plus, a green UFO. I thought that the flashing UFO probably traveled closer (across the field) and changed into a white circular UFO. ...But I don't know. The UFO's were in sequence, one right after the other on film, so I didn't see all of them at once. It could have been only one UFO changing form, though… Who knows?;38.9418;-84.0877
'Flashing  UFO and circular UFO in the night sky';2008-09-25 23:00:00;15 minutes;'Flashing  UFO and circular UFO in the night sky' UFO September 25, 2008  I walked down to my garage at around 10 and 11:00 pm on September the 25, it was a Thursday night. I was putting my cat in the garage, but before I did that, I walked out to my gate and was looking at the western sky. It was a dry warm night, there were stars out and a few airplanes in the sky. There is nothing but a field, where I walked down to my garage (at around 10:00 pm). I was gazing at the sky I live in the country. As I was looking out into the field, I saw an object in the sky, a little above tree-height - flashing colors. It was an object that seemed to flash colors as it looked to be turning. Or it looked like it was turning or spinning. The lights emanating from the object were different colors - pink, blue green pastel colors. The object was completely silent, I couldn't really make out the shape of the UFO. I went to get my film camera and my video camera. When I came back it was gone, I was disappointed. I took my cat into the garage, and when I came out of the garage I walked over to the shop, which is a couple of feet away and for some reason, I looked down at the ground, looking at the bushes. All of a sudden I looked up and there it was! Staring right at me, at tree-top height, directly across from me, in front of a house - across the road. The field I was looking at, before, is right alongside this house across the road. The UFO appeared totally different now. It was circular, and of a star-like color, only a little warmer (color). It was white. It hovered for a minute or so while I picked up my cameras and took pictures. When I aimed my film camera, I couldn't see anything in the lens, but took the picture anyway. I got my video camera up and shot that too.  After I took my photos the object, which was completely silent, then started to drop down from the sky toward the ground. It was descending to the ground, I thought. I walked over to the gate trying to get a look at it going down to the ground and where it would land, but when I got around the gate, it was gone. It must have gone behind the house as I couldn't see it anymore. I was wondering why it had disappeared on me, but in the morning I viewed the spot again, where it had descended, and it obviously had to have gone behind the house. It had been further away than I had thought. It must have dropped behind the house and landed somewhere in a field. This is all farmland here. That is, if it landed, of course. I took my video film inside and put it on the tv to view. To my astonishment, I did get the UFO on video! It looked like it had five or more points on the object. It looked like it was spinning too. Then I got a white circular object and, a green circular object. Funny thing, the UFO that I saw on the video looked totally different than the one I saw with the naked eye (which was a circular white object at that point). While the circular green object, I didn't even see! It was like there were three objects out there, and my video camera picked up three UFO's. The flashing, turning UFO, the circular white UFO - plus, a green UFO. I thought that the flashing UFO probably traveled closer (across the field) and changed into a white circular UFO. ...But I don't know. The UFO's were in sequence, one right after the other on film, so I didn't see all of them at once. It could have been only one UFO changing form, though… Who knows?;38.9418;-84.0877
