Orange silver cross was not the dancing light, plasmic shere taped. Bizarly On and off camera were not same.;2003-08-29 01:00:00;19min;Orange silver cross was not the dancing light, plasmic shere taped. Bizarly On and off camera were not same. I was awake in my bed and was alerted by some strong lights shining in the window, I thought it was someone in my yard with a flash light, I went out side, and was looking around ready to head back in, when I noticed a strange strong light in the corner of my eye, directly up in the sky,not in a horizon, like a star, but not a star, it was not Mars eather, I saw a large light shaped like a cross, orange on both sides and so I decided to tape it, I describe what I see as I am taping, ONLY TO FIND OUT WHAT I TAPED WAS A DANCING PLASMIC LIKE SAUCER. I had strange effects, as I would tape I would loose all track of what I was doing, and then realize I was watching this strange light. The tape is amazing, showed it to my family and still can't explain why what I was looking at and taping are so different. The tape is amazing, has this large white grey egg that dances, and changes shape, like a saucer so flexible and gets up real close and then explodes like a fire work display, but comes right back, but it has its own energy, does not move in one direction like a plane, but dances up to you and around and just has a life like a huge fly. WHAT IS IT. I am making myself crazy. Will go out again tonight to see if it comes back. ((NUFORC Note:  We will request a copy of the tape for inspection.  PD));29.7899585321099;-95.7942016513763
UFO near Detention Pond in Katy, Texas, Emanates Threatening Gunfire Sounds.;2014-09-14 20:40:00;I witnessed it for over t;UFO Near Detention Pond in Katy, Texas, Emanates Threatening Gunfire Sounds I was doing medical research on the computer, when suddenly I heard loud gunshot-type sounds behind the home I rent a room in.  In short, order two more bursts of these sounds alarmed me.  I went to the window.  The house is adjacent to a water detention pond that is fenced off, and the ground slants towards the pond.  This area is behind the fence of the backyard of the home I live in.  I can't see the pond from my room just the slanting land to the right of it and part of the fence.  Actually, my room is the ONLY vantage point of this area in the house. Alarmed, I pulled the curtains back to see if a shoot-out or home invasion might be taking place in a neighboring area.  It was very dark.  In the extreme right corner of this detention pond area, on the ground, I saw a very bright light.  I judged it had to be at least 20 feet across because on foot it is close to 1/8 of a mile from my window.  I say this because although it was very dark (my landlord refuses to put lights in the backyard, and the house is next to this area and some woods also) I could see this object with startling clarity.  It was not smalll even from the distance of my viewing point. After it emitted the last burst of gunfire, I unfroze and called 911.  I described the situation to the dispatch officer.  She said, We are getting other calls about it, and basically disconnected me after asking for my name.  I watched from the window for over two hours:  To my knowledge, no police approached the object on foot, nor was a helicopter dispatched.  On the left my vision was completely blocked by huge oak trees.  I could vaguely see house lights from another sector of the neigborhood that is adjacent to this detention pond.   At one point, trying to peer through the leaves of these trees from my vantage point in my room on the second floor, I thought I saw red and blue lights (police cars) near those other homes. It was very brief.  They probably took a look and ran. The object pulsated from dim to brightly starlike over and over again. It appeared disabled or unable to achieve a getaway.  I don't know why I had this feeling that it was disabled. I was hoping to watch it make its getaway but missed that event.  These things can disappear, btw, without a grand getaway. The object made itself known with the extremely loud gunfire sounds, so it obviously wanted to be discovered but not approached. I told the police dispatcher about the gunfire so likely if the police approached, they of course would not attempt a close encounter but rather a distant viewing angle. I have seen many UFOs in the USA and in foreign territories. I was shocked and dismayed about this thing being ON THE GROUND and making warlike noises.  I looked at the area this morning and saw no evidence of scorching or gunfire destruction.  Perhaps the sounds were meant to achieve another goal...a 'look at me but don't dare approach' message. I watched as long as I could but eventually fell asleep.  A few months back I saw two of these starlike things in another neighborhood, practically on top of a house.  I had an eyewitness with me.  Interestingly, it was also adjacent to a detention pond in that neighborhood. My contact info on this form will be scant but a 911 call was placed by me and I gave them my full name.  Again, I was told others were alsocalling in while I was on the phone with the dispatch officer.;29.7899585321099;-95.7942016513763
