shooting star like till changed angle to giant question mark shape lasted 2sec never seen one change direction or last that long before;2005-11-08 02:30:00;2 seconds;shooting star like till changed angle to giant question mark shape lasted 2sec never seen one change direction or last that long before I was outside smpking a cigarette late at night and looked up like always when i presumably saw a shooting star that after about a halfsecond when they usually disappear. it made major change of direction in a giant question mark shape and seemably changed speeds (but cant really tell if it was just the perception of when it changes angles) then took off till i couldn't see it anymore whole thing lasted about 2 seconds;42.064275;-72.62232
UFO, Agawam MA 1/13/14, white, blue, orange lights, slow moving, silent, impossible aviation moves, 3:10 am.;2014-01-13 03:10:00;20 minutes;UFO, Agawam, MA, 1/13/14, white, blue, orange lights, slow moving, silent, impossible aviation moves, 3:10 am. I was skeptical to file this report, but was not skeptical at all about what I saw. I came into my kitchen a little after 3:00 am to smoke a cigarette.  I was immediately amazed at how bright the moon was, and how clear the sky was.  I was looking out the window through only a screen, and immediately noticed a twinkling light in the low western sky.  I immediately thought it was extremely bright for a star.  It was twinkling blue and white, with the intensity of lighting or magnesium being burned.  After about a minute, the object seemed to break into a tightly bundled grouping of about 5 lights, in almost a cross shape.  And then the object began to move. I immediately dropped my cigarette, and opened the screen on the window to get a better look.  The object started SLOWLY creeping west towards Feeding Hills and Southwick.  So whoever filed that Southwick report on here, I just want to say thank you.  And I'm with you, we definitely saw a UFO, and it was truly amazing!!  And I have pictures of it.  Albeit very crude ones, but when you zoom in on these pics, the object is a saucer shape, there is no question. The object then began to emit orange lights, as well as white and blue.  It was making strange vertical movements, meaning straight up and down in the sky profile.  This incident took place at 3:10 am, it was very cold out.  There was absolutely no noise, and the object moved slower than any plane could possibly fly.  I watched the object until 3:28 until it completely disappeared behind the tree line. I was not gonna report this, but have been monitoring this website the last couple of days to see if somebody else had saw it.  So again, whoever you are, thank you so much for filing that Southwick report.  You have no idea how happy I am that I'm not alone.;42.064275;-72.62232
