Three lights skull/heart shape. flew low made loud noise.;2000-09-01 23:12:00;30-45 seconds;Three lights skull/heart shape. flew low made loud noise. My friend and I were camping outside in the backyard in my camping tent. We were talking and heard a very low (for an aircraft) sounding noise. Neither of us knew what it was so my friend (who is very much into aeronautics) couldn't resist looking at it. He saw it and grabbed me right away. We looked at it for about 15 seconds too scared to do anything until we came to our senses and ran inside yelling. My dad did not believe us. The U.F.O had rounded sides and looked like a skull/heart shape. Also my friend discribes it as an octagon with rounded edges that thins as it goes farther towards the end of the craft. It had three lights in a triangular form and the tip at of the triangle at the front of the ship was the brightest.;42.7603;-78.7539999999999
Sudden gas cloud or smell.................;2006-08-15 22:00:00;not sure;Sudden gas cloud or smell................. On Tuesday night I was sitting in my bedroom watching TV when all of a sudden this huge wave of smelly gas type stuff came into my window. It was so stinky that I had to immediatly shut the windows. It hit as quick as if someone threw a blanket over me. It wasn't a graduale build up or anything like that.  Now I actually dismissed it as nothing because there are a couple of ponds nearby and a creek. The smell was of a moldy nature and I have never smelled this near my house before. BUT on Thursday 8-17-06 an article was in the Buffalo Evening News about some people in the NYC area that encountered a simalar gas type thing. So if this is a different UFO type thing or if something like this has happened before to people I don't know cuz I have never read any stories as such. And I wouldn't have even thought of writing to this site had I not seen that other article. So anyway, that is my story.  Also on 5-13-05 I wrote about a sighting but I lived in a different town at that time.  Thats all, blu :) ((NUFORC Note:  One of many reports from same source.  Witness sounds sincere, but we question whether all of her reports are related to sightings of genuine UFO's.  PD));42.7603;-78.7539999999999
checking out the critters ?;2006-09-08 01:00:00;10 minutes;checking out the critters ? I was approching my street and in the sky was an object that I assumed was an airplane. But as I watched this craft I noticed that it wasn't moving so then,again,I thought that it was a helicopter or I was hoping the same UFO that I saw just a few days ago.   I pulled into my driveway and shut my headlights off and got out of my car to go around to the side of my house where the field is so that I could see this craft better. It had its headlight: on like before but this time it was dim like a cars headlight going out.   It hung there for a few moments and when I walked out into the field and put my glasses on to get a better look, its light got bright for a few seconds like it was powering up and then it pivited and took off behind the tall trees like it did before and I couldn't see it anymore.  When it turned it was sort of plane shape and it had a few colored lights on it. It was almost as if it knew that I was there like before and it didn't want me to see too much.  And like the last time the field was full of deer grazing......now this field is long like a runway and it is surrounded on three sides with tall trees and my house. It is almost like this UFO is taking pictures of the deer and when I have seen this craft I feel like I am also being watched. This last sighting I felt like there was something that was actually in the field.........like some sort of presence or something.......anyway, that is my sighting.   From O.P.N.Y   P.S. There was absolutly no sound and this was only about 500 feet from me. ((NUFORC Note:  One of many reports from same source.  Witness sounds sincere, but we question whether all of her reports are related to sightings of genuine UFO's.  PD));42.7603;-78.7539999999999
Activity hot spot.  ((NUFORC Note:  One of many reports from same source.;2006-09-16 21:00:00;approx. 30 minutes;Activity hot spot Again I witnessed something but with a twist this time. It was around 9:45 pm. and I got up to look out of my back door and I saw almost in the same location as my other sightings, a light. This time it was farther away and a lot higher in the sky. To the naked eye it looked like a star. But with the binoccoulars you could clearly see that there were numerous flashing lights on it. I could not see the shape of this craft because the lights were facing in my direction. The lights were flashing red, green, and a white/yellow color. There was no paticular pattern to the lights and the lights were very brightly colored. The craft stayed in the same spot for almost 20 minutes. Then I turned on my flood lights to see if there were any deer in the field and there was. Not that that has anything to do with the sighting other than deer have been in the field each time I have spotted activity . Then to my disbelief.....I looked to my right and going just tree top level there was this craft as plain as day that was .........hmmmm.......lets say a Stella Dora anise biscut shape (lol) no really...take one of those biscuts and look at the side shape of it and that is what this craft looked like and it was totally outlined in very bright lights that were round and flashed on and off. It moved quickly and quietly and I got to see three sequences of flashing lights and then it was gone. Then the other craft that I had been watching slowing moved to the right and away and then up a little and then it was just gone. Like the lights went out or it just dissapeared. I can't believe that I have seen so much activity or that no one else has seen anything. Oh yeah..one more thing. I do not know if this is related or not but on 9-11 around 2 pm I heard some jets that sounded military so I looked out my back door and there were two jets flying wing to wing , tree top level, and they were sky blue cloud color almost hardly visable. Then about 5 minutes later a big jet flew over in the exact spot that these two j! ets were , now this wouldn't pique my interest so much but they flew over in the exact spot that I have been seeing these crafts. Now I thought that it might be the Presidents plane because he was in Pa. that morning but if it was his plane entourage why was his group flying so low. Unless that is what they do. Anyway, that is all I have for now. I can't wait for this sight to get updated. And I hope that all of my entries have been going through........  blu :) ((NUFORC Note:  One of many reports from same source.  Witness sounds sincere, but we question whether all of her reports are related to sightings of genuine UFO's.  PD));42.7603;-78.7539999999999
Large amber colored light;2008-11-14 18:30:00;30 minutes;Large amber colored light Not really sure what this craft was that I saw but I have seen this before behind my house. At approx. 6:30 pm Est. I was in my back yard playing with my dog when I noticed a craft of some sort hovering in the sky to the West about a half mile away.  This craft was not moving and it was making no sound that I could hear.  It had a huge amber color light that was pointing in my direction.  This light was not blinking or moving. I continued to watch it for about 15 minutes and this object still did not move.  So I went inside to get the binocculars.  I went back outside to view the craft/object and it was still in the same place.  When I focused on the object with the binocculars I could see some sort dark craft around the light but as quick as I focused on it the light went off almost as if they could see me watching it. And then I only saw the darkness of the object for a couple of seconds and it just disappeared but in it's place were a huge area of small green lights that were flashing in a very large circular pattern but sporaticly and then after a minute or two I couldn't see anything. Then clouds moved in and I came back in the house.  I do not know that if someone was in a helicopter if they could see me looking at them from that distance and if they could see me why would they turn the light off abruply plus the light was not like a light that you see on a helicopter. That's all.;42.7603;-78.7539999999999
