A single, metalic, bright object that appeared and disappeared in a matter of a few seconds.;2008-12-13 15:45:00;3 seconds;A single, metalic, bright object that appeared and disappeared in a matter of a few seconds. We, myself, my friend, and his mother-in-law, were driving down I-90 heading into Orchard Park and the animal hospital to pick up his mother-in-laws sick Keeshond.  I was looking out the back seat window and was sitting behind the driver. I happened to notice something just out of the corner of my eye and turned to look at it more fully.  At first I thought I was seeing some sort of reflection in the window, so I adjusted the way I was sitting.  It didn’t change.  It was still there. I watched it for maybe 2 or 3 seconds in total before it disappeared.  It was a silver/chrome colored, highly reflective/metallic, circular shaped object in the sky.  It was moving completely parallel to the ground at a decent rate of speed, since it seemed to be keeping up with us. It did not appear to be a traditional air craft since it was the wrong shape, there were no additional lights, it was flying too low considering there was no airport near us, and it was completely silent.  I noticed no additional noises of any sort and my experiences with airplanes and helicopters when they are close by has lead me to believe they are normally quite loud. Just when I had determined that this might not be something normal, the object reached a patch of trees and vanished.  I say it vanished because the trees were completely bare.  So even if the object had simply gone behind the trees, I should have been able to see some of it between the branches.  But I saw none of it it was just gone as soon as it touched the first branch. It was a bright, clear, afternoon and while there was a breeze I wouldn’t say it was particularly strong.  It couldn’t have been a balloon of any kind since those tend to sort of bob up and down in an irregular path when they are pushed in the wind.  This would have been additionally true with the different lanes of traffic. I would guess that it was few (2-3) hundred feet away from us and might be three feet in diameter if it had been up close.;42.7603;-78.7539999999999
