Comet sighting PLUS!;1996-06-30 07:00:00;7 secs.;Comet sighting PLUS! I'm not sure of the date,  I went outside to watch the passing comet that was visible for over a week.  I forgot the name.  Anyway, I just finished dinner. There was a real brief thunderstorm that had just cleared up as the sun was going down.  I looked at the comet and was amazed at something more interesting! J  Jst below the comet was this spectaculsr cloud formation that caught my eye! It was a huge cumulus cloud rising up like a cylinder! The colors were stunning! It was illuminated by the sun, there was a gold and red look to the whole sky!  Just then I spotted about Five Gold Discs passing directly in front of the cloud! I was shocked as they moved in line formation from left to right! They were avoiding the large cloud1 The most curious thing was that as they circled the cloud the left flank end disc relocated from his position to the right wing! All the others stayed in formation! It was incredible!  The went behind the cloud, but I never saw them again. I waited, but no sign.  I called a site for reporting such events from the phone book, but no one was there.  It was a weekend. I never received any response from the message i left.I never saw anything like this before!   I am very skeptical about these things, but Not Any More!!!!!!I have witnessed over a thousand meteors, I search for them constantly, These Were Flying Crafts!!!;39.7896999999999;-75.0355
Formation Sighting Below Comet;2001-08-15 08:00:00;5 sec.;Formation Sighting Below Comet I am searching for  any sightings of gold discs in the sky during our last encounter with a passing comet. I think it was in 2001, not sure. The comet was visible for about ten days. As I ventured ouside to check its position, after dinner, I saw a more incredible sight! It was dusk, but still bright outside.we just had a brief thunderstorm, with lots of lightning and heavy rain. The sun was returning, and I wanted to view the comet. From here in Blackwood, Camden County,South Jersey,the comet was North by Northwest in the sky. as I looked up I was amazed by this huge cloud that was rising up after the storm. It was illuminated by the sun and the passing storm was in the backround, making the cloud even more spectacular! The colors ranged from yellow to blue,purple,orange, and pink! I wished I had a camera with me! Just then I witnessed five or six Gold Discs passing from left to right in front of the cloud! They turned left in formation like our planes do, to go around something! The most incredible feature was that the left wing craft changed position from left flank to right flank by steering under the other crafts! They proceeded around and behind the cumulous cloud!  I waited for another glimpse, but there was none. I ran inside to call someone, but was not able to locate any phone numbers for the local air bases or military for a live story submission.;39.7896999999999;-75.0355
This site occured after a violent 45 minute thunderstorm and rain.;2001-09-15 20:30:00;20 seconds;This site occured after a violent 45 minute thunderstorm and rain. I was at my mother-in-law's house on North drive enjoying my after dinner cigarette and gazed up to view the comet that was in view for two weeks.  Just below the comet was a large cumulus cloud that rose up shaped like a column!  It was bright yellow because the setting sun shined on it.   All of a sudden I saw five gold discs moving from the left in front of the cloud!  They traveled around the cloud and the disc on the left performed a drop down maneuver and rejoined the formation on the right side!  It did not want to go through the cloud!  They went behind the column and vanished.  The cloud was about 2 miles or less from me in the northwest sky.  Their speed was slow about 25-50 mph.  No sound or lights on discs.;39.7896999999999;-75.0355
