Were those points of light really satellites?;1998-04-15 22:00:00;30 minutes;Were those points of light really satellites? While stargazing one night a few years ago, I witnessed what I thought were satellites traversing the sky from the southeast to the northwest. I would guess that I saw 5 or 6 within a half hour. I never thought much about it except in wondering why my companions were unable to see these satellites even though I diligently tried to point them out. I have since learned that most satellites travel in an easterly direction and while it isn't dramatic and may not even be significant, I have always wondered if what I saw were indeed satellites. ((NUFORC Note:  The witness is correct in stating that most satellites move in a polar orbit, or they have an easterly component to their flight path.  However, because of parallax, it is very difficult to estimate the flight path, or ground track, of an object in the sky, unless it passes almost directly overhead.  PD));43.0867;-73.1616
At about 10:30pm my wife and I saw an object in the sky NNW approximately 25 degrees off the horizon.;2009-09-16 22:30:00;indeterminate;At about 10:30pm my wife and I saw an object in the sky NNW approximately 25 degrees off the horizon.  The object appeared to be a bright star but was blinking with distinct alternating/vibrating colors: red, green, blue, yellow, white. The object appeared to be stationary.  I had a pair of binoculars --not sure what the magnification is, with which we both looked at the object, and it was indeed blinking those colors. This 'star' also appeared to change shape while watching through the binoculars, but maybe that was my imagination.  There were other stars near this object from our vantage point that were not behaving in a similar fashion.  I thought maybe it was a twinkling star. What do you think?;43.0867;-73.1616
Bright white,star- like,moving and stopping over Southwestern Vermont,changing course easily;2019-07-13 21:00:00;10minutes;Bright white,star- like,moving and stopping over Southwestern Vermont,changing course easily On Sat evening July 13 2019 my husband and I were at our home sitting in chairs in front of the house facing East at 8:45pm.  We could see the moon to the East South East,  and it was big but not yet full. It was bright. The sky was dark blue. There were no stars visable yet ,due to the still illuminated sky.  At 8:57 I stared at the moon again, this time to see a bright star to the Right of it ( as seen in the video).  It was so bright I thought it was a planet. Not knowing my stars, I just wondered.  As I spent  a minute looking…it started to travel to the Right (south) about the same distance it was from the moon. It only took 5 seconds to cover that distance. Then it dead stopped.  It really caught my eye. My husband was now watching it. Then it moved Left , back to the original position. ( Video was taken after the movement) We decided to move inside the house at that point. At 10:25 pm we thought we could find some other stars to look at. We grabbed a white painters cloth and laid it in the backyard , I brought my strong flashlight with me. The sky was black with many stars . Within 1 minute, we again saw a bright star (among many that were visible that night) We were facing the West on a slight incline in the yard. Our heads were higher than our feet on this slope. We were facing Ball Mountain. Within a minute , we found a bright star traveling from right to left.(north to south) Then it stopped.  At this point I teased my husband and said,” hey lets call it over, maybe it can see us.” I waved the flashlight up and down and left and right about 5 times, immediately  this star started moving in our direction  (now it headed East).  It traveled quickly and directly towards our part of the sky. When it got close , it stopped. We were really frightened. I was sorry I flashed the light at it. We picked up the cloth and ran into the house. We did not go back outside. We did not speak about it. We do not know what we saw. We don’t want to know. – I do not think satellites change course like that. I don’t know if spy drones fly at night. I am unable to research this to my satisfaction. These flying stars were the brightness and size of a night time star. ( no trails, no other colors) If anyone can explain, we would be grateful.;43.0867;-73.1616
Large ball of bright light flying low across the sky;2020-07-26 23:00:00;3 seconds;Large ball of bright light flying low across the sky I was standing on my deck staring at the stars when I saw a very large ball of LED colored light came soaring through the sky just above the tree tops.  It was much lower flying than any plane or helicopter.  It was silent, and from my perspective appeared to be very large. There was no distinct craft, just a large ball of light moving in a straight line, and at a controlled but fast speed.  Behind it there was what appeared to be a jet stream, but it was pitch black out so it was more like a trail of very faint light that was the exhaust.  The light was only in my view for a few moments but the exhaust light remained for a few more seconds before dissipating.  This was clearly not a shooting star or meteor. The “craft” continued on to an area out of my view.  I am absolutely certain that this was nothing other than a craft of some sort whether it be military or ET.  There were planes in the area at the time, but they looked like ants compared to this thing.;43.0867;-73.1616
Bright light dropping vertically from sky then disappearing.;2020-11-19 17:00:00;3 seconds;Bright light dropping vertically from sky then disappearing. Driving on Rt 313 heading west,we saw a light similar to a shooting star but much closer, dropped downward, vertical -out of the sky in front of the mountain backdrop, vanishing before it hit land about halfway between the horizon and land  There wasn’t any fading, it just disappeared suddenly.;43.0867;-73.1616
