grayish color sphere shaped craft,no lights, and two more smaller crafts came out of the rear of the larger craft.;1977-09-01 18:00:00;5 minutes;grayish color sphere shaped craft,no lights, and two more smaller crafts came out of the rear of the larger craft. We were in the woods with our hunting dogs and we saw one large sphere shaped craft and out of that came two smaller spheres and flew toward us, and we ran back to the car through the woods.  We looked for it from the window of the car but it wasn't in our sight.  This was in a clearing in the wooded area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.0867;-73.1616
Two separate white orbs of light that just fade out of sight;2012-06-07 23:05:00;5 minutes;Two separate white orbs of light that just fade out of sight I went to my kitchen to shut off the night light on my microwave, and just happened to glance out my kitchen window that faces north/northeast.  I could see a large bright solid white light up in the sky north of me.  It was no problem seeing this orb, but I couldn’t see anything else (stars) through the window.  I stood still to see if it was moving or not, and sure enough it was. I stepped out my sliding back door right next to my kitchen, and watched it.  I could now notice some stars, but there were some clouds out as well.  I kept my eye on this orb, as it seemed to move from north to south.  Then all of the sudden, it slowly faded away in about 4-5 seconds. I watched this orb for about one minute. I kept watching the skies after that to see if it would come back.  I noticed a fairly close group of stars in the northern sky, when one of the “stars” that had been motionless for the past couple of minutes, started moving northeast and then faded away in about 4-5 seconds just like the last object I witnessed.  This took about 15 seconds from the time it started moving until it disappeared. I have seen these orbs in the sky for the past couple years now, and that is why I continue looking at the sky at night.;43.0867;-73.1616
Reddish-orange orb;2012-08-25 00:44:00;30 seconds;reddish-orange orb I looked out my kitchen window as I was turning off the night light on my microwave, and noticed a bright “star” in the northern sky.  After turning out the light, I went to the sliding back door next to my kitchen, and observed the “star”.  Turns out it wasn’t a star after all since it was moving. It was by far the brightest object in the sky, and was heading in the northeastern direction. I watched it for about 20 seconds, and then it just faded away.  I would say it was an orb shape, and was reddish-orange in color. It was not the ISS or a satellite or a shooting star. I have actually seen a number of these in the past few years now.;43.0867;-73.1616
