White flashing lights on one mile long disk hovering and moving above and along the lake.;2017-08-02 23:55:00;10 minutes;White flashing lights on one mile long disk hovering and moving above and along the lake. My Mom lives in Lincoln, WA, sometimes shown as Creston, Wa, on the web.  We are about half a mile from a boat launch on Lake Roosevelt.   My mom and I were watching tv at 23:55 or 11:55pm, when my step dad walks inside the house from the porch.  He says to my mom, “Come listen to this noise, I have never heard anything like it.”   So my mom goes outside with him on the porch.  I do not follow him at first because he was so calm.  Then my mom opens the door and frantically calls out to me, “Come out here as fast as you can!”   I run out to the porch and instantly see this long string of lights in the sky, and there is this loud, ominous, deep vibrating sound that I can feel vibrating though my feet on the deck.  The only way I would be able to describe this sound would be if there was a giant wine glass with a mile wide rim, and a wet finger continuously rubbing along the rim to make this deep low hum. The string of lights are white and flashing or pulsating in what appeared to be a sequence running around the perimeter of a disk.  We could not see the definite outline of the craft because it was dark and also very smoky from recent fires.  But we could tell by the pattern that the lights were moving that it was most likely a disk or ring shape.  The craft looked like it was about a mile long, and maybe 1,000 feet above lake Roosevelt.   We first saw the craft to the east, moving very very slowly.  Its path appeared to be following the curves of lake Roosevelt, headed north, then north west.  We could still hear the hum or vibration from the craft about three or four minutes after it was out of view.  I was in such shock that I could not stop crying my eyes out.   My mom tried to calm me down by reminding me that the day before this event, or maybe two days before, the local news station gave a statement from the local air force base, Fairchild Air Force Base, saying that people should expect to see strange aircraft maybe even foreign crafts.  But the broadcast was almost in a joking manner.   This changed my mood from scared and sad to scared and mad.  If this was indeed secret military aircraft, how dare they mock our fear when we discover their dark secret of bizarre advanced technology. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the young woman who submitted this report, and she sounded to us to be quite eloquent, and quite sincere.  Please see other similar reports from Oakesdale, WA.  PD));47.84;-118.4419
