Lighted triangle object seen flying overhead.;2014-08-26 00:15:00;6 minutes;Lighted triangle object seen flying overhead. UFO Sighted on 8/26/2014  On Aug. 25, 2014 at around 11:15 p.m., the wife and I went out on our deck to look at the star's which we do now and then if it's not to cool outside.  This night we didn't go out till late being we were watching TV and was getting ready for bed when I went to shut the back door, looked out and seen it was a clear night and the stars were out bright.  I asked the wife if she wanted to go out and look at the stars and drink a coffee/tea before going to bed, which we did. We did see a few falling stars and only one airplane which we thought was strange being planes seem to travel over our airspace almost constantly, at least it seems that way at times, but that night we only seen one. At about 12:15 a.m. which would make it Aug. 26, we decided to go in and go to bed.  I know sooner got up out of my chair and looked up in the sky in a SW direction when I seen this bright white light in the sky and said out loud, What the heck is that?  The wife then looked in the direction I was looking and seen the same object, she to didn't have any idea what it might have been. Being we see so many planes fly overhead here we knew it wasn't a plane, or at least none like we ever seen before.  The object was triangle shaped and continued flying silently towards us, then amost directly over top of us and made no noise what-so-ever.  I managed to grab the video camera and record a short video of the object as it traveled now away from us in a straight line. Looking at the object it seemed as though there was two big white lights side by side in the rear while the whole nose of the object looked to be lighted up which reminded me of the space capsule from the 60's that the astronauts used to use. In the video of the object, any movement of the object other then going straight was from camera shake from me being cold, plus I had zoomed in on the object making camera shake even worse. Weather Conditions: Wind:   Calm Sky:   Clear Temp: L  Low to mid 50's F. Fog:  None that we could see or know of Dew:  Yes ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  We would like to look at the video, but have no means of contacting the witnesses.  PD));40.5992;-77.5768
