football field size and shape silent craft floating by over S.14;2010-03-15 05:45:00;5 minutes;football field size and shape silent craft floating by over S.14 My daughter (grown up) and I were coming home from Albuquerque, and to the east I couldn't help but notice a very bright light, similar to the reflection of a setting sun on an airplant, but much much brighter!  Blinding bright!   It was about 15-20 miles east-south east.  It was heading straight line towards our direction.   I slowed down, let others pass because I was curious!  It didn't seem quite right. It headed our way with a straight and steady pace.  As it got closer I became sure it wasn't typical aircraft.  When it was about 1/4 mile away I started to be able to see what it was, a maybe football field sized object, & shaped.  There were 4 lights on the corners and one larger light in the center.  The light had an unusual bluish white glow, it was not like any other light I have ever seen!   I rolled down my window to see if I could hear it- not! absolutely no sound, it was floating slowly across the treetops.  I pulled over then & watched it go over the top of! my car...I hurried to my turn off to see if I could get a better look from there, but it was gone.  Later that night I had an encounter with a being at my house! I really do not want to explain that to much here-I'd rather look someone in the eye when I tell of it!   Trippy to say the least!   I did keep the plastic that covered the window in which it wasn't stopped by!  (As evidence.  The next morning my husband and I both went outside and looked for any proof we could find, we did find faint tracks of something I have not been able to identify from earth....believe me I am still searching for answers to this!   At risk of sounding crazy...I am making this report.   Also I want to add that this is not my first encounter and there has been many sightings by me and several others I know here in the mountains!    Any more strange lights, not on star maps, that move in odd ways, hovering, flying, shooting, blinking, on & on & on...are becoming a norm here.  We all see them and if we went a full day & night without seeing them that's probably w! hen we would start to wonder.   Most people attribute them to the labs or bases,  NO WAY!  Maybe somewhat, but not all of them! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));35.0438;-106.3024
