Silver Sphere Hindreds of Witnesses Superior AZ;2003-11-15 14:00:00;at least 1 hr;Silver Sphere Hindreds of Witnesses Superior AZ Along US 60 from Superior AZ all the way to Gold Canyon (gold canyon is East of Phoenix 45 mi - Dist from Superior to Gold Canyon is approx 25 mi)  I would have to categorize this as a mass sighting...although it was not reported on Phoenix News Stations or AZ Republic newspaper.  As we drove from Globe into Superior on saturday afternoon we noticed dozens of cars pulled off the road with people outside looking up....we drove through Superior, and a few miles later decided to pull over because of the number of cars still pulled over and looking upwards.  We got out, asked some questions, and looked up as well. Very high up there was a bright silver spherical object (the size to the eye as a BB held at hands distance.) We obseved this for about 10 minutes, durig which the object would move in any direction almost instantaneously by the distance of about 1 to 2 hand-widths at arms length. Several people had large cameras observing the object.  during this time some commercial jets crossed across the sky, as the object stayed in roughly the same area of sky moving from pace to place. I would have to guess altitude of 60,000+ feet considering we travelled 20 miles of highway where hundreds of behicals were pulled over looking up.  We never figured out why anyone ever noticed it at first, but whatever the reason it eventially spaked hindreds of vehicals to pull over and look up for at least 1/2 to 1 hr (the time I estimate it took for that much trafic to decide to pull over).  There obviuosly was no noise, and it definitely was not a balloon, as a balloon would drift in a common direction with the wind, and would not be visible for a stretch of highway 20 miles in length. It was not a common jet or airplane.  I just dont undersand why it wasnt on the news or in the newspaper...I have never seen anything like this before. I cant emphasize enough how many cars were pulled over...it was truely amazing.;33.2874;-111.0924
