While Checking a gas well, My friend an I observed a large Gun-metal colored (Dark grey to black matt)BOOMERANG shaped craft cross the;2006-07-29 16:10:00;~8 minutes;While Checking a gas well, My friend an I observed a large Gun-metal colored (Dark grey to black matt) BOOMERANG shaped craft cross the Mtn range and come to a stop or Hoover above the Mtn top we were on.  It was Huge!  My friend was a Ret Army pilot and ranger.  I was stunned,  He quickly calmed me and began to speak about our safety.  He had seen it before while stationed in Alaska along with other craft.  He said it was 1 mile from tip to tip, .75 miles deep, and .25 miles high.  It stayed staionary for about 3-5 min.  Then began a slow turn as if on a pivot point.  Then it began to gain altitude, first slowly, then it seemed to just take off and leave the atmosphere towards the South.  I was amazed!!  It made no sound however, it felt like static or a buzz sensation while above us.  My friend said it was very low, only about 2000 ft above Mtn tops.  He told me much after that day.  I felt he'd kept it quiet for many years.  This thing appeared to move or make Clouds or fog as it first came into view, and this being a clear sunny day with little cloud cover.  He said those were like our Navy super carriers and the smaller craft had been seen coming out of them in the past.  All new to me, I'd never seen anything unexplained before.  He was a wealth of info and a very Honorable friend.  I don't fear or scare easily, but that event shook me to my core, and changed my life.  I don't go a day without thinking of this sighting and all the majority of us don't know about our existence.  I can't imagine what I would have thought, or how this might have affected me, if not for my dear friends presence and info.  I truly feel for these individuals that witness such events,,  ALL ALONE!  It's a reality changer for sure.  Saw lights in the sky last year in July on I-75 Jellico Mtn. Crazy maneuvers.  There were cars pulled off watching and appeared to be filming so YOU'VE probably heard about that one before. Best of Luck, thx for listening to all of us!  Oh ! yes, Coyotes Howled on every Mtn around us,  As the Craft came ! across t he Mtn range.  Don't remember if after, as I was in a bit of shock probably.  HOW CAN SOMETHING THE SIZE OF A SMALL CITY, JUST SIT UP THERE, MOTIONLESS AND WITHOUT ANY VISIBLE SOURCE OF POWER?? v I'm now 57, I'd love to know just that answer before I'm gone ya know??  PEACE!;36.5746;-84.123
I was out flying a drone in the field and heard this rumbling but not very loud but started feeling the rumbling more than heard looked;2021-04-30 20:45:00;15 seconds;I was out flying a drone in the field and heard this rumbling but not very loud but started feeling the rumbling more than heard looked up saw this very big oblong thing with no wings go clear across the sky and it's still daylight I!;36.5746;-84.123
