Appeared to be space-plane re-entering atmosphere.  Eventually flew directly overhead without ever making a sound.  First appeared to b;1998-08-10 23:30:00;2 Minutes;Appeared to be space-plane re-entering atmosphere.  Eventually flew directly overhead without ever making a sound.  First appeared to be leaving trail of light that did not dissipate. I walked outside the front door at 10:30 PM.  It was a clear night, and I had my exterior flood lights on as well as the rest of my neighbors usually do at this time of night.  Looking to the west, just over the treetops, I noticed a white ball with a tinge of yellow and red.  This light's flight pattern was basically perpendicular to me in a north to south direction.  As it travelled, it produced a large, long illuminated trail.  The characteristic of it was incredible.  The trail did not dissipate and appeared to move along with the front being the ball of light.  I can't tell you what the trailing was . . . if it was flying on a beam of light . . . if the trail was actually part of it's structure . . . or if its hull was superheated from atmospheric braking. I'm guessing that it turned from a north-south direction to an ENE direction.  The reason why I say that is that it went from an elongated shape to a round ball shape with no trail.  I called my friend out to observe this.  It seemed to have stabalized which leads me to believe that it was traveling quite a distance directly toward me.  The brightness started to fade like turning out a camping lantern.  At that time regular red, green, and white aircraft strobes appeared to turn on. I cannot be sure that the ball of light and the stobes were from the same vehicle, but the vehicle proceeded toward me and over me at a leisurely speed similar to other aircraft I would watch leave the local airport. As it passed overhead it was just out of clear visular range, but appeared to be triangular or at least flat-backed.  We listened very hard, and we heard a whisper of some sound which really did not keep pace in any way with the craft.  If I had to make a conjecture, I would say it was a military space plane . . . but most definitely highly visible and unusual.;30.6461945205481;-97.720096575343
((NUFORC Note:  Possible twinkling stars?  PD)) Four objects with red/orange & green flashing lights sighted near Florence/Killeen,TX..;2005-10-12 21:00:00;2 hours;((NUFORC Note:  We believe that the possibility that the witnesses may have been looking at celestial bodies, and probably twinkling stars, would have to be ruled out, before we could conclude that they were looking at genuine UFO's.  PD)) Four objects with red/orange & green flashing lights sighted near Florence/Killeen area in Texas. My husband observed two sets of red/orange & green lights in the western sky.  He became very curious and watched them very closely, when suddenly they started zig-zagging each other.   He ran into the house and yelled for the rest of us to come out, and by the time we got outside the one object that had been zig-zagging around the object farthest west, had moved due north and was stationary there over the next hour and a half to two hours, while the object in the west stayed there during the same time period.  We live out in the country, and it is very dark.   The sky was very clear, and these objects in no way resembled stars or any other aircraft.   The orange and green lights moved constantly and in varying directions.  At times, it appeared that there were bolts of light being shot between the orange and green lights.   This was visible to the naked eye, but even more so through binoculars.   This object moved very little, but over the course of the two hours, it eventually became lower in the sky and appeared to be landing somehwere, for lack of a better word.  We jokingly mused amongst ourselves that they were landing at Fort Hood, which lies in that direction.    About an hour into our observations, our daughter shreiked there's another one!   We turned around and saw an object identical to the others, but this one was in the eastern sky.   At that, my son thought it might be a good idea to check the skies all around, and we heard him shout from the back of the property that he saw another one.   This one was in the southwestern sky, was much closer, and much brighter than the others.  Neither of these objects appeared to be moving at all, but they had the same orange and green lights that appeared to shoot bolts.    We went back to focusing our attention on the first western object because it appeared to be the most active one.  It was then that we all noticed that it appeared to be shooting other smaller objects from it, all just appearing to us as bright lights.  These went straight down.    As an aside, I must mention that my husband is a very skeptical man, but he was made a believer last night.;30.6461945205481;-97.720096575343
Strange crafts to Orbs here on a daily basis.;2011-06-25 09:30:00;days;Strange crafts to Orbs here on a daily basis. It's been going on since June 2o11. It started out just seeing crazy lights in the sky and as months go by they would come closer and closer and different shapes of crafts crazy lights as one i really remember is one that was shaped like a Hersey Kiss w/ a red triangle in front and bright green lights on the side of it these flew as high as above houses and slides across the streets.Several months of craziness I've video recorded several events as best as a beginner could.It's whats been going on lately that's got me all these ORBS everywhere w/faces orbs that change shapes i never seen before and they are in trees above houses. I have lots of videos to show you much better than my words.As for the crafts i still them in the sky but nothing like the orbs that is a daily thing also it's just crazier since they are on the ground and just explainable.I wish i could find the people to come investigate this sh*t.;30.6461945205481;-97.720096575343
large floating in every direction like stars;2011-07-11 12:00:00;thru out the night;large floating in every direction like stars I have been stargazing for long time never seen anything like this.  They look like very large stars w/bunch of little ones flying around looks like lighting bugs. They move around slowly and the little ones are the more active ones they fly to right and down.  Its very strange its like there just sitting around while the the little ones do more of the movement.  I know there not stars cause stars don't float around the sky as they do.   I am hoping you guys tell me they are just huge stars w/bunch little stars that do move around the sky. they are outside right now like i said they been out for the past 3 nights.  They really look like huge odd shape stars.;30.6461945205481;-97.720096575343
Three completely silent red lights traveling in the sky which had the ability to alter configuration.;2018-03-18 22:20:00;30 seconds;Three completely silent red lights traveling in the sky which had the ability to alter configuration. I was enjoying the clear night sky, when I noticed 3 lights (light red in color) traveling in concert with one another in a straight line.  It was night so I could not make out a shape, but it did appear that there was some sort of drag effect occurring behind each light, almost like blurring of the atmosphere.  Given the relative distance from me, I would have heard an engine noise if it were a plane but it was completely silent, also the speed was much faster than any plane I’ve seen.   About half way through the occurance the lights changed from a linear formation and configured into a triangle.  The object(s) were heading from southeast to northwest.   I am 30 years old, in good mental and physical health, have a doctorate and MBA and I am not known to fabricate or exaggerate stories.  I was honestly very startled by this event and have no explanation for what I saw.;30.6461945205481;-97.720096575343
