Navy triangle over my house;2012-11-10 23:30:00;~4 minutes;Navy triangle over my house my wife and I were sitting on our upper deck and sighted a glowing plasma ball come from the south and flew off in a westerdly direction. after she went to bed I stayed up and was laying on the poorch carpent and begahearing a jet engine sound coming from the south. Standing up and looking over the annex's roof I saw a flat darkened object coming at me from the direction of our county airport. I thought to myself, &quotthe FFA is going to pull this guy's licence&quot. The craft was no more than 100 feet off of the ground heading straight at me. As it got closer I noticed no tail on the craft and sounded as if it only had one jet engine. In front of it were what appeared to be two huge white lights projectinting out in front of it.  As it came closer it began to fly over the other side of the street on which I live and the detail was remarkable.  The craft was triangle shaped and painted in standard navy gloss grey top with creamey white belly. It was absolutely cleane no dirt streaks or oil on it.  What appeared to be a weapons bay was open and ran most of the full length of the craft.  There was no cockpit so was a remotely steered craft.  No markings of any kind could be seen but the weapons bay was lit up and you could see ribbing? and tubes for electrical or hydraulics inside.  The amazing thing was it's speed it was moving about the speed of a man fast walking.  A standard airfoil would not keep this craft up. Since it was running flat at very low speed the only thing floating it was probably a single gas jet generator pruducing some form of ionized, capacitive lift.  It was about the size of a large single engine private plane up to a private twin.the tail terminated in what appeared to be flaps that were set neutral   and again gave no assist in lift. most likely this is deriviant of the Bifield Brown lifting concept. It continued on in a wright Pat direction. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));39.4196741935477;-84.5795459677416
