Close encounter 5th kind - CE5.;1994-10-12 21:00:00;unknown;Close encounter 5th kind - CE5. This is a completely true, but amazing, experience, and I strongly feel it will interest you.  It’s another strange thing that’s going on with some people, a twist of things happening in recent years, worldwide.  It was Wednesday, October 12, 1994.  In what follows, a name is changed, withholding a man’s identity.  Everything else is exactly as it happened.   That day around 9:00 p.m., we arrived at Okeechobee from our day's work in Boca Raton.  Okeechobee is a Seminole Indian name meaning, Big Lake.  Joe was with me.  We are computer engineers developing an important product for a big client.  It was a difficult job.   We needed a change of scene and he was glazed over too from the day’s problems.  A ride in the country would give us a change to rest our heads.  Escaping our noisy hotel was part of the answer, so driving eighty-five miles to Big Lake was welcome.   The beach is usually good but typically it’s a parking problem.  At Okee, there’s cool, clean, air with a chorus of wild creatures to hear all around ... Relaxing.  There‘s no stress or tension.  What a place!   We arrived with just time enough to fix a drink and walk outside by the rim canal. It felt so fine being there on a perfectly clear cool moonless night.  The air was wonderful and stars were bright.  Looking to the right we immediately saw a light coming.  It was over the canal about 800-feet in the air a quarter-mile away.  Something close was flying our way.  I was thinking, This ought to be interesting.  Little did I know!  It seemed like a helicopter by its speed and height, with a big light under it.   At the same time there was a twin engine plane flying out over the lake, just behind it, about two miles away.  The plane was noisy and gaining altitude from take off at Okeechobee Airport.  So, it’s natural that I wouldn’t hear a helicopter coming our way.  Only it wasn’t a helicopter, not a plane either, and it’s coming along in the air too quietly.   We’re near Route 441 with some distant sounds of traffic going by.  But I couldn’t hear this thing coming and it’s getting close.  We saw a steady bright glow under it, like a big searchlight playing into the canal.  Whatever it is, it had no flashing lights of any kind.  But all aircraft are required to have strobe lights at night.  As it came from behind a nearby tree into clearer view, we saw it’s a brightly lit disk and still  moving toward us.  I said, What the hell is that?  Joe was glued.  I just watched without a thought and looked hard trying to decide what it was.   The disk was still flying toward us, slowly, maybe 20-mph.  It flew the same way over the canal until about 300-yards away.  Then it went gradually higher to about 400-yards, almost over head.  It’s changing direction slightly now, moving to the opposite edge of the canal and over a point about 100-yards in front of us.  It slowed, descending as it went by.  It’s absurd not being aware that it’s a UFO but it never entered my mind.  A UFO is exactly what we saw, the real thing.  I never saw one before and this one is really close.  It didn’t get closer than 200-yards to where we stood.  As the craft flew by, it was perfectly circular, about 35-feet in diameter give or take five.  At that height it looks bigger than, say, a full moon rising on the horizon and it’s brighter.  As it moved it made a bright white glow with a hint of yellow, bright but without a strain... easy on the eyes. No sound, I said – it was totally silent.  By then there’s no noisy plane nor any road traffic being heard, no more distractions anywhere.  The craft was coming down, low, slowing to a stop and moving east 100-yards toward Nubbin Slough.  In five seconds, it flew from high over head to where it’s hanging in the air over the levee.  We saw it clearly, parked a little above the levee up a 20-degree angle.  As it descended the disk-glow was harder to see the lower it came, because the angle was smaller and the glow diminishing.  It came to a stop, suspended motionless in the air 100-feet past the ridge of the levee toward the lake, a distance of about 250-yards from us.  The craft became dark.  Two small soft lights appeared, one each side, square light images although not big as windows.  They are reference lights to help us with what happened next.  It’s on edge-view and I saw its silhouette, because there’s a lot of light in the haze behind it from the well lit power plant 15-miles! away.  The plant was under construction around the clock and covered with lights for the night shifts.  It looked like a vaudeville straw hat on edge view. The upper part of this thing was dark but showed a rectangular silhouette, flat on top, and not as wide as its base where we had seen the glow.  The top is a shallow wide cylinder shape.  The top part is three times thicker than the base and eight times wider than thick.  The base is thinner and a third wider than the upper part...maybe 15% wider on each side than the top.   I looked for how the base is connected to the top, curved or straight, but couldn’t see it.  It’s a lame description but it was dark.  When the craft came low and to a stop, I was thinking, Now I will see what they’re doing!  Without thinking UFO I knew they weren’t like us inside.  This was really different.   It amazes me, not realizing the things I know.  Like, how might I know ostensibly never having seen one before?  Did they send me subconscious thoughts already?  And I mean, Lake Okeechobee is a military operating area, and there are rumors we may have flying craft of similar appearance.  But this craft is nothing of ours.  No question, this technology is special. Very quickly after this thought, something happened to me. I didn’t remember it clearly for weeks.  What I remembered instead was, that at about this point we turned and went into the house for a few minutes, then came out to look for it again.  It’s still visible, glowing over the levee about two miles down, past Nubbin, toward the southeast and Indiantown.  Again, we turned away with it still in view and went back into the house.  The clock read 9:45.  Wasn't that something?  Joe said, Yeah, you know, some things just happen.  He couldn’t function either, both of us were subdued.  I was drained.  Sitting in the house, I was tired and empty of thought.  I just couldn’t put two thoughts together.  I went outside looking at things again and found my vision was different.  I could see really well in the dark but soon came back inside.  We immediately turned in for the night without a word.  Next morning it’s never mentioned by either of us, nothing.  Joe never brought up anything about it, not ever.  It’s awhile before I came around to it with him. Months later after remembering most of what happened, I phoned Joe about what he recalls.  He said Nothing.  Months after that I sat him down and probed him to see if he remembered them talking to us.  All he’d say was, Maybe they were talking to you.  And with a grin, he said, They found no intelligent life here and moved on.  It seems all he remembers was seeing a ‘fast moving’ light.'  It’s a clue ...maybe he’s on different ‘time’ than me in this experience.  I’d been thinking He simply didn’t want to remember.  And he doesn’t want to talk about it at all.  At least he knows they came, I’m thinking.  He’s my witness. We saw the most incredible event in anyone's life experience, uncommon in all human experience, yet we lost interest in it?  We turned our backs, headed inside and simply went to bed.  Nothing like this could happen in normal circumstances.  But there’s certainly nothing normal about these circumstances.  Something very different happened that October night.  After they left us, I was mentally washed out, tired and just about dysfunctional.  It’s the chance of a lifetime for two curious people like us, who are no pedestrians to technology, and who earned educations in four scientific disciplines between us. We could’ve done much more investigating at the time, because there were binoculars, a camera, and a 2½-inch refracting telescope, all within five yards of the door from where we stood.  None of it mattered.  We simply couldn’t function acting on our own will.  We had no initiative, none, zero.  Best I could do was look and wonder. After weeks of trying, memory and the details began coming.  I did it mostly while driving to work with plenty time to think.  Eventually I got nearly everything back.  Here’s what happened.  We watched as the craft came lower, stopped, and became darker.  Two small lights appeared.  The craft was parked in the air just inside the levee of Big Lake maybe as close as 200-yards away.  As we watched, something hit me, a marvelously happy feeling and I knew at the time it was coming from the craft.  I thought THIS is a really good sign whoever they are. The happiest feeling of anticipation had suddenly come upon me.  I knew to expect something wonderful to happen between them and me.  They were doing something to affect my mental state giving me a wonderful feeling of euphoria.  It‘s nothing like anything I’ve ever felt, a totally joyful happy feeling beyond description.  I was so glad they were here and understood, waiting for something.  I dared not move a muscle although knew I wasn’t restrained.  Whatever came next I wanted to be part of it.  Next, I was sensing a projection of thought to me, when soon thought-speech appeared in mind in my own idiom.  But there’s some fumbling, because I first heard some unintelligible words and a series of growls.  I thought It’s growling at me.  But it definitely seemed like a recording coming up to the wrong speed.  Sure, as in, they don’t know how to operate their ship.  Much later I saw they were showing me that technology is being used.  It sounded like technology was being engaged and directed to me.  It’s growling, why’s that? ... thinking This might become difficult... how very odd all this is.  Next, I heard the word…Mrep!  (Visitor) Mrep, what the hell is...?  With that exchange we were talking.  It’s like they’re tuning on what I was getting.  How could they know?  Yes, they’re already reading my thought responses.  We’re communicating!  They’re talking with me and the warm feeling of expectation was at its height.  I thought this is actually happening, happening here and right now.  Right now!  Wide-eyed I couldn’t believe it, thinking It’s too fantastic... they’re real, what a discovery!  A man’s voice was very friendly, saying, Yes, up here.  We’re here.  You’re looking at us, and we can see you.  You hear us talking to you.  We know you’re interested in us.  It's okay, we won't harm you.   (Visitor)   At this exact moment Joe said Damn!  Obvious excitement, because he realized he could hear them too.  They’re here and they’re talking to us! But there’s a problem, I notice these speech-thoughts went by really fast for a typical English-speaking dialog. It wasn’t like two people speaking with each other, where more time is inserted between thoughts, where we allow each other time to think in the process.  It was going by as a flood to grasp, near my limit. I found it difficult and didn’t want it this way, but it was also all clearly heard and understood.  There was only time to respond, no time to form any questions, which may have been deliberate.  It seems to account for speed of the exchange.   They were deliberately pacing the exchange so we couldn’t ask them any! questions.Next the voice said…We want to meet and show you around.  We do stop and show others sometimes and they have a good time.  We want to be friendly. Would you like to see everything here and have a ride?  (Visitor) Immediately, a silly image of a guy popped into mind. The guy was sitting in a deckchair with sunglasses, a blue blazer, white slacks and shoes, with a captain's cap. If this was supposed to be an image of me having a good time, it struck me as totally bogus, because I would not imagine something so ridiculous in my situation.  They must have sent it.  I thought nice try. But it’s also okay with me.  My thought in exchange made it okay, because I obviously knew it wouldn’t be like that. It was humorous.  I’m thinking now, these guys do have a sense of humor.Imagine that?  I’m invited.  I was so excited and thought Really!  ...and emphatically thought Yes!  I was so happy, so excited and grinning hugely.  I shot a glance at Joe.  He had on his biggest smile, too, although he didn’t look at me. Quickly, I looked back to the craft feeling they didn’t want my attention anywhere else. No voice said so but I underst! ood a thought to be…Now look here a moment.  (Visitor) I replied thinking Okay ...doing just that. We had switched from our explicit dialog to a direct implicit thought-flow between us telepathy, explicitly vs. implicitly.  Between reference lights I could see a tiny spot beginning to boil and enlarge.  There’s a grayish-green circular spot and it’s getting bigger.  A fuzzy spot had formed and was expanding but slowly at first. It appeared to be swarming with motion and became a cloud-like image emanating from the edge-center of the craft.  It was swarming in the sense that it appeared to be boiling with a lot of motion and was fuzzy to look at.  It was fairly uniform. Next I saw circular arcs being traced out one at a time.  The circular cloud was growing out of a tiny port on the craft.  Arcs appeared at the edge of the circular cloud at twelve o’clock and moved on a curve to its center at the port.   Arcs emanated from the same point-source and immediately began getting bigger, growing into a tear-shaped envelope.  One of the yin-yang symbols on the South Korean flag comes to mind, the one curving left, but was narrower. In all five or six formed, each growing onto the upper right side of the circle-like cloud.  After they were all formed the cloud became more oblate, squarer with rounded corners.  The envelopes formed sequentially, the first beginning from the 12 o’clock position. Each one was growing on the lower edge of the preceding one. The tear-shaped envelope is a sort of bottle. Next, I saw contents of the bottle growing from the smaller back at the edge toward its larger front at the port.  It’s growing into the space rather than filling into it.  This is a biological process and how it grew was amazing.  The process took only a few seconds to complete each teardrop envelope of its contents.  Growth would suddenly appear in discrete steps, not gradually filling within chambers of the envelope.  I saw its compartments being filled in. Each cell of the envelope is irregular in size, shape, and volume.  It reminds me of compartments of a complex soap bubble, itself being formed of bubbles within the biggest bubble.  The inner bubbles are the cells being filled in a flash-instant of growth.  There’s a tiny pause, then the process moves to an adjacent cell.  The progress of moving between cells reminds me of how water drops suddenly connect together moving down a dry surface.  Just a tiny hesitation before they merge.  The next one would get its space filled, and so on until the envelope was totally complete.  Each cell was filled with different stuff some of it was light, some was darker color.  The only thing coming to mind that’s similar is tadpole jelly from the swamp I played in as a kid. As each envelope filled with growth, a new envelope was immediately traced out under it.  It would fill and so on until all of them were complete. The envelopes developed in a clockwise stack under each other, the last one! being grown at the five o’clock on the cloud-circle.  When the processing was complete the cloud-object changed its character, getting bigger much faster.  It changed to greenish-yellow from gray-green ...more yellow now.  Next it began coming, moving rapidly down to us.It traveled the 200-250 yards in under three seconds, closer to two.  I was startled to have it come so fast but I wasn’t scared.  As it came, it changed the angle of descent twice. It started down steeply and changed to half the angle at half the distance.  Within the last 100-feet it changed again by half the angle, arriving with a shallow slope only slightly above us as it swept in.  As it came I saw the cloud was 3X taller than wide, luminous but not bright and without distinct features. That is, except for a perfect black ellipse centered in its upper third, the major axis at vertical.  The cloud was symmetrical about its vertical.  That is if you could fold it in half, both sides would match exactly. The black object seemed like a tunnel in the cloud, like a big eye, but wasn’t.  I searched hard as the mist approached, looking for any definition but saw no detail anywhere.  The elliptical feature disappeared without me noticing as the cloud arrived. I feel it’s there merely as a focus, a diversion but nothing significant. The cloud was strange-looking, much bigger than us but wasn’t itself a creature. At its edges I vaguely recall seeing separate forms the instant it arrived, the kind of thing you can see if you don’t look directly at it. They came so fast I couldn’t focus my eyes fast enough.  It’s like they’re on each side of it, the landing party of workers sent by who’s ever in charge.  I’m thinking This is my chance to see something ...but no way. Another interesting point the light cloud approached low over water, yet I saw no reflection from the water as it came.  It’s low enough near the end and I should have seen it. But it didn’t happen.  For a year the subtlety escaped me, as in, what’s wrong with this picture?   What sort of light is that anyway?  I know that Joe saw the cloud come, too, because as it arrived he hollered No!  Joe felt threatened, and anyone would trying to hold onto normal reality.  Here is his only known world.  Something like this has no place in ordinary life experience… does it? As the light cloud swiftly engulfed us I felt nothing different.  We were immersed in a yellow mist.  I struggled to see something, anything.  Then looking down and to the right I saw motion.  Something smaller was moving toward Joe.  I saw a small person like a five-year-old shuffling past at a half-run followed immediately by another exactly like the first.  I only saw them from the belly down.  The glare of yellow light was masking everything.  No one came toward me.  They went toward Joe, standing to my right four feet away. Besides their size I made two other observations of them.  Their knees are simpler, the same thickness as their thin non-muscular legs.  Their knees are nothing like our thick knobby knees.  When they run they don’t lean forward enough as we do.  Their backs are nearly straight.  Nobody runs like they do.  I’d fall down trying to run like that.  I’ve imitated their posture trying to make a step but couldn’t move.  I’m thinking they’re really lightweights. Their upper bodies are minimal.  As I watched them go I’m thinking There's no sidewalk over there.  They loped past about three feet over the edge of the sidewalk, out over water.  Their loose silvery metallic-looking clothes glowed from the surrounding mist, but less bright than the light.  How many came I don’t know, I saw only two.  But an interesting thought comes to mind. I’ve seen bodies of these workers being custom grown, all six of them.  A biological process happened just before they came.  Seems they use such bodies to work here with us, like we wear our jeans and jacket.  If it’s so, what technology!  But it makes a guy speculate about what form they’d normally take, to assume biology-wear as a work suit.  It’s what happened. The mist was a nuisance, I couldn’t see much.  I looked carefully at what there was to see.  I remember looking at the bright yellow light source at floor level. The bright object was lighting the cloud creating the mist. It’s on the ‘floor’, parallel and even with the edge of the concrete sidewalk but beyond water’s edge about four feet. The light’s a half-ellipse two inches high, eight inches long. It’s the mechanism making a platform under them, extending over the water where they’re working. The light had bright radials sticking up from it in the vertical plane and was located parallel to the edge of the concrete sidewalk. I saw the bigger radials of light are separated at 20-30 degree angles from each other, bright from the source and quickly becoming less distinct, fading a few inches above source. Radials would all shift together at irregular intervals, hopping back and forth, yet holding their places and distances to each other as they all jumped to another position. My impression was, it’s compensating for load dynamics on the platform as the workers moved about. I closely studied this light show until I understood what it’s doing. I looked up and forward into the mist thinking Now, what next?  Then I felt I was going... Going?  It’s really subtle. No weight off my feet or of being uplifted, but a feeling of departure, upwards. Then... blank. I was blanked for a time, because next I remember coming to, realizing I’d been blanked. I was again conscious, present, feeling some air.  I seemed to be back on the sidewalk where I’d been. My body was still standing there just as before.  I felt the gentle air from the canal. My eyes were still closed, although I felt I could open them if I wanted but didn’t.  Seems, somehow I knew we weren’t finished yet. I heard a slow vibration, about 8-Hz, like a flutter. Then quickly it’s gently against my forehead. In a moment it went in. It’s inside my head!  It was not interfering with my mind, I could still think. But I’m being buzzed by a wave, a gentle, extremely low frequency (ELF) wave... thinking What's it doing?  ELF wave was getting harder, slowly rising in intensity and in frequency. I felt like it was charging my brain, like a capacitor, more, more, and more. It kept on increasing, the frequency going up, up, ever upwards.  On and on and I’m thinking Will it ever end? …Knowing it’s going to my limit and wishing it would find it soon.  But it kept going higher, higher. How could it go so high?  I wasn’t happy with the wave continuing upward. It’s tough to take but it went to an unbelievably high level before finally hitting my limit. It abruptly stopped with a pop at the top of my head. Receiving the buzz was an extremely rude experience.  I was grimacing, eyes and jaws tightly clenched to withstand its powerful effect. There’s never any pain, just a force. When it ended, I got released and it doubled me over spinning me around clockwise. I saw Joe's feet where he’d been, still standing next to me. I shouted What the hell was that? Damn!...Thinking I am back.  Have I just landed on my feet? . I’m on my feet.  It felt strange being back, like where had I gone? Physically I don’t feel I went anywhere.  I was zapped hard by something and was afraid, thinking Maybe I’m ruined.  It’s the most physically stunning experience.  I staggered around a long moment, 10- or  20-seconds, trying not to fall into the canal. I was cursing trying to get a grip on reality, trying to get my balance. Everything’s distorted, nothing making any sense as I look around.  For once I’m scared, thinking I might stay this way. The wave was forceful and its release was like having grabbed a 240-volt AC line... new meaning to the word stunning. It also cleared out my thought processes but not where I live in my mind. That part was still unaffected, because I was myself the whole time.  Rude as it was I still had the glad feeling like before. Maybe it’s all in friendship, and if so I’d hate to be on their other list. Good time, is it?  The only thing coming to mind was that they’d given me a capacity test, taking a measurement. But Guinea pig?  There’s obviously nothing else it could be.  Finally I was coming out of it, looking around for them. The disk was moving away, flying over the canal a mile to the east. It made a curious maneuver, a small move to the right to back over the levee. But it did so in a spiral motion, first moving left then rolling in a downward circle coming up to the right, all the while keeping its horizontal axis parallel to the ground. It’s a victory roll.. Way too odd! I’m thinking Someone’s got a real sense of humor in there.  Their job clearly has some humor in it, watching me deal with effects of the Buzz. More than coincidental, the maneuver was for my benefit, because I understood it as a wave goodbye. The little buggars!  They had to know I was looking, like they were watching through my own eyes somehow.  But what’s the relationship and why so friendly?  Well, I’d actually discover why four years later. There’s more ahead about them, you’ll be impressed. It’s easy for me to see their maneuver, because my eyes were so slowed down. My eyes were now like a video screen, with light-paint lingering, delayed in a sort of light-smear, tracing out its path as I watched the craft circle moving back over the levee. I was thinking Fishermen at Nubbin Lock are getting a big surprise as this thing flies low over them ...right ...about ...now.  I laughed to myself about it.  Shortly later I looked toward the Nubbin again, still getting my bearings.  White lights all looked very yellow now, blurred ...even smeared. They’re much bigger than usual although not brighter. What seemed different was, when I moved my head, the lights smeared to over where I was now looking. Then the smear slowly faded. Also, I had tremendous night vision, almost like day. I could see everything around me, up and down the canal. Everything is clearly lit by a yellow light glow.  There’s more. I also had eagle vision at will. I could will myself to have a close-up frame of any object I wanted to see. It would simply appear closer and bigger. Such total surprise! I stood looking at things in a residual yellow-light effect. I could see better by it.  The light cloud was gone, of course.  At the time, there were very few lights down the canal and not big. But that night they helped light up the whole canal. Otherwise it’s blackness down there when there’s no moonlight. I enj! oyed my newly given ability only briefly, because we were washed out and tired.  At that point we stopped looking and went inside but soon came out, again, for another look. I saw the disk glowing brightly two miles down, still near the levee. Back inside the house it was drab, really dull and uninteresting after being outside seeing things. Artificial light so close to me inside was annoying. My vision had changed. I was sensitized to see by different light and its effect is awesome. If the Army only knew that a directed ELF produces fantastic natural night vision.  Fat chance though, that they’d make anything happen like this in a hundred years. It’s modulated ELF. We sat in the house a few minutes saying nothing.  I felt so different than normal, like being at arms length from myself. I could still think but I couldn’t scan-think, like in thought synthesis. It‘s the processes needed for reaching conclusions. Thoughts wouldn’t flow in that way.  Then without discussing it we headed for the bedrooms. I threw myself down on the bed and stared to the ceiling, trying to rethink what happened. In the pitch-black room my new night vision didn‘t help. I couldn’t see.Next, it’s morning ...a dreamless sleep all night. Like flatline, there’s nothing in my head.  I woke up rested with the event first in my mind.  Again, Joe and I didn’t speak of it the whole way to Boca.  It’s perfectly ridiculous, but we’re keeping the same ‘secret’ from each other. It’s too taxing to discuss, besides I only wanted to relive it privately. By that night my special night vision was gone. But my eyes played tricks concerning eagle vision.  Sometimes it’s in, sometimes it’s out. It gave me problems driving, because scanning for traffic in the mirror sometimes a car seemed too close, nearly on top of me.  Seconds later, it’s back to normal. The car was where it should be.  It’s annoying and dogged me for days. Weeks passed. I’m rethinking the even! t everyday while driving. Gradually more and more came back and I wrote everything down. Finally I had it all except for being blanked.  That part wasn’t recovered... if I got my ride after all. PS: Years later someone explained to me that ELF is extraordinary stuff.  It’s like my visitors used a handheld device, working up close while doing me with ELF.  That’s interesting technology, because governments communicate with their submarine fleets using ELF. But there’s a difference. All our efforts need an antenna big as a football field to create such long waves. As a result of the encounter, he wrote four books with the information they gave him and asked him to write in astounding detail.  The contents of these books provide the rationale for our lives and the answers to questions that mankind has been asking since the beginning.;27.2794108695652;-80.8787804347826
