strange light in the sky, to high to be street light and to low to be aircraft;2001-05-01 18:00:00;30 minutes;strange light in the sky, to high to be street light and to low to be aircraft I've always been skeptical about UFOs, until May 2001.  I went to pick up my daughter from school around 6:00 P.M.. in Okeechobee and when we were coming back home to Kissimmee prairie it was dark.  As I was about 2 miles from my camper trailer I saw a bright light hovering above the trees. I was not alone on this sighting my three daughters were with me and they saw the light, too.  We were coming into the prairie and when I saw this bright light I slowed down I wasn't sure what to make of it.  I did know I had never seen anything like it before. It was dark and the only thing I could see was the bright light flashing down in the trees. I knew it wasn't an airplane or helicopter because there wasn't any flashing colored light. This light stayed in one place until I got closer. When I got closer, about two blocks from it, the bright light turned off. This scared me. I knew whatever it was had seen the lights of my car so I hurried up and went home to my trailer which was four blocks north of the light.  When I got home I asked my husband if he'd seen the light and he said no, he was watching TV. I asked him to come outside and when he did I told him what I saw. He said it was an airplane he didn't believe me.  While I was telling him about this bright light and looking in the same direction, the light came back on in the same place as before. We watched it for about fifteen minutes in one spot but it was not moving or making any noise. It was too dark to see anything except this bright light which just stayed in one place. After about fifteen minutes the lights turned off. I was really curious after this and stayed outside looking into the sky. Then, about five minutes from the time the light went off it reappeared north of my trailer over the trees again. This time it was moving slowly towards our trailer. I'd say it was about three blocks north of us this time. This was getting really scary by now. I could feel the hair on my arms standing up. We turned the lights on our car and the light in the sky went off. When the light reappeared for the third time it was a little further than before. This time it was over a cattle field. I kept an eye on it and couldn't believe what I saw. I saw lights being shot down from the huge light in the sky. I heard the noise the light beam made. I say light beam because that is the only type of noise I've ever heard like that.  That was on TV, so I'm not too fond of saying that. If I could describe it any other way I would.  When we saw this we jumped in our car and went closer to where other people lived.  In the prairie {Kissimmee} the houses and trailers  are not close to each other and in 2001 there were no street lights and the roads were not paved. I'd say there were about twenty houses in that area at the time. Around the area we were in we only had one neighbor who lived four blocks from us. The next day my three daughters went to school and asked our neighbor's kids if they'd seen the light and they said no, it was probably the military in the area. I'm from Louisiana and never saw such a thing before. I wouldn't know if it was military or not but I do know for a fact if wasn't a helicopter or airplane, for helicopters and airplanes don't stay in one spot for a long period of time and they have colored flashing lights and this didn't. SO FOR ME AND MY FAMILY IT WAS A UFO {UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT}. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));27.2794108695652;-80.8787804347826
Many small lights and bright orange flashes.;2009-11-19 19:40:00;17 minutes;Many small lights and bright orange flashes. On November 19th 2009 at approx. 1940 (7:40 pm) my stepson called and he was telling me about some unexplained lights that he was observing southwest of his home. He lives 5 miles NW of Okeechobee, Fl.  I went outside of my home and began to look for the objects. I live 18 miles SE of Okeechobee, Fl, as we are rural there is a very low level of ambient light so I have an exceptional view of the night sky. Because I didn’t know the brightness of the objects that my stepson was observing, I turned off my backyard and garage light. My stepson and I were talking on our cell phones for several minutes while I attempted to locate the small-lighted objects that he has been observing for at least 10 minutes. At about 1950 (7:50 pm) I was looking west northwest over my neighbors’ home, and I observed several small lights moving in an area roughly 20 degrees wide and thirty to forty degrees high and approximately 25 degrees above the horizon. This corresponded to where my son-in-law was now looking. I was not able to determine the range or altitude of the small-lighted objects. These small-lighted objects were moving erratically and on several occasions when the lights came within close proximity to one another, I would see a very bright inverted tear shaped orange glow that would last for about 5 seconds. During the time I was watching the group of small-lighted objects were working slowly in a northerly direction. Sometime during all of this I asked my wife to come outside and see what I was looking at. My wife was able to see three of the small-lighted objects but none of the bright orange glows appeared. The activity that I observed continued for about 5-7 minutes then cease! d. All of the small lights disappeared and I never saw another of the bright orange glows. During the time that I was observing all of this activity I was communicating by cell phone to my stepson and he was observing exactly the same activity that I was. I attempted to capture a few pictures on my cell phone camera but the movements were so erratic that I was unable to do so. Some observations that I had were: Small-lighted objects were flashing points of white light, the movements of the these objects were very erratic and of a type not consistent with any aircraft that I have ever seen. The lights didn’t appear to be following one another they closed on each other from a heads on attitude. I didn’t see anything being emitted from these objects The bright orange glows were many times larger than the small-lighted objects and had no movement component to them. These glows all looked similar in shape and size there were no trails from these glows in any direction. I also was watching the air traffic in the area. I did not see any sudden course changes or any other abnormal flight patterns. Because we are in the center of Florida there is allot of air traffic transitioning the area at multiple altitudes and directions. After this light show was over, my stepson and I were talking about what we had just seen and I asked him what he originally saw that caused him to call me. His statement is below: He had gone outside to sit with a couple of his friends. They were talking and he happened to look up.  He noticed a “V” shaped formation of small objects moving from the south. He continued to watch and then he saw another formation of the lights moving from the north. This second group of lights were scattered and not a discernable formation. The “V” shaped group moved past the scattered group and turned 180 degrees and that is when the orange glows began. At this point he gave me a call.;27.2794108695652;-80.8787804347826
Flying white light faded into the sky;2010-09-14 22:00:00;45 min;Flying white light faded into the sky I live in North Okeechobee County and was outside looking to the west when I seen a bright white ball of light. It started from the horizon and flew up and slightly south. I watched this light move at a constant speed. As it got higher it started to fade and then disappeared. I searched the sky for the object trying to see if I could locate it anywhere else in the area I had last seen it. From the time I first viewed it to the point of it disappearing was about 10 seconds. When looking for the object I noticed a new white light in the sky above the location where the other light appeared. I also noticed 3 smaller lights flashing below it flying north to south and south to north. These smaller lights flew seperately and independently. They would disappear and reappear in a different location and flew slower then the first object. I watched the bigger light for about 30 minutes as the smaller lights flew under it. The bigger light did not seem to move at all. After 30 minutes the bigger light faded to a smaller red light, still in the same location. The smaller lights disappeared one at a time just before the light turned red. The red light then disappeared.;27.2794108695652;-80.8787804347826
Bright objects in sky.;2012-04-25 12:00:00;1 minute;Bright objects in sky. Watching object will traveling north east on hwy 78.  Once turning on hwy 441 north watched for a bit longer (maybe 30 seconds) then object disappeared.  I witnessed a bright globe-shaped object over the Lake not but a week earlier (this occurred at night).  These are the only times I have ever witnessed strange objects in sky.;27.2794108695652;-80.8787804347826
Bright Red and White pulsing light.;2013-10-17 21:35:00;15 minutes;bright Red and White pulsing light I was on bridge near rim canal over looking Lake Okeechobee riding my bike a bright red and white glowing light appeared in the sky  to the north east of my position it was about a miles distance from me and about 1,200 to 1,500 feet in elevation.  i took out my Biniculars and watched the glowing light pulsate repeatedly getting brighter with each pulse then it became a star in the sky and vanished.  I proceeded to ride my bike down the road to the church pasture and saw the light appear again in the north eastern sky it was lower in elevation about 1,000 ft and not as bright i watch the pulsing begin but noticed that the light released several smaller bright white lights the main pulsing red and white light then dimmed down and faded away.  As i turned around to leave the pasture i came to the side of the church facing southeast and the light reappeared it was half a mile away and about 1,000 it was very bright it flashed red and light very bright then simply f! aded away.  The duration of this event took place over 25 minutes and each time the lights appeared they lasted no more than a minute in duration. Note this is not the first time ive witnessed this and many people have been with me for these events on the average its almost a mightly occurance however when we have storms or lighting over the lake they dont appear. I go out everynight and watch for these lights ive been observing them since november 2011 in greater frequency than in past years groups of us have watched strange behaviour from these lights in the past.;27.2794108695652;-80.8787804347826
Towards the E one bright light for a little while by itself then other flickering lights came with streaks of light falling from them.;2013-11-24 09:00:00;~4 minutes;Towards the east one bright light for a little while by itself then other flickering lights came with streaks of light falling from them approx 4-5 lights total.;27.2794108695652;-80.8787804347826
