WHITE FLASH, THEN WHITE ORB LIGHT AND THEN GREEN ORB LIGHT OBSERVED UP CLOSE.;2013-01-18 05:30:00;3 minutes;WHITE FLASH, THEN WHITE ORB LIGHT AND THEN GREEN ORB LIGHT OBSERVED UP CLOSE. On 01/18/2013, at approximately 5:30 am (dark outside) I called my husband into the south-facing computer room to witness a small white light outside the window. A bright white flash going east to west at about 75-80 degrees got my attention and then a few minutes later, a 2.5-3.0 inch diameter white light appeared in the lower right pane of the window, closest to where I sit at the computer.  The light seemed to be filtered, with a fuzzy or hazy perimeter.  The light moved but only within one pane out of eight [2 panes wide by 4 panes tall with the pane in question being 2 feet wide by 1 foot tall and the window sill being 36 from the ground]. By the time my husband got to the computer room, the light was gone.  My husband asked me a few questions and then walked into the living room where he saw a small green light outside the northern window, at an approximate height of 10 feet.  The green light was close enough that my husband would have seen if someone was holding the light.  The green color resembled a light on the stern of a boat.   As my husband approached the window and the green light, which was flashing in no discernable pattern, it moved away and down into the side yard.  My husband said it moved faster than anything he has ever seen.   My husband looked out the side window and watched as the green light moved back and forth and up and down but always away from the house.  My husband banged on the window but that did not affect the light's movements.  The green light went over the side of the hill, but we could still see it as it flashed through the trees and down a hill where there is no path and dense u! ndergrowth.  The light moved out of our view.  We observed the lights anywhere from 3-5 minutes. When inspected at daybreak, there was no obvious evidence. However, three of our tarps were affected.  Two tarps were off of the items they cover: a wood pile and a lawn mower.  The day on the night of the lights, my dad had secured the tarp over the wood pile with heavy wood planks the day after the night of the lights, he noted that this tarp somehow had folded itself backwards in half onto itself displacing the weights.  The third tarp over another wood pile was shredded in back, however there were strong winds one day/night prior to that night and perhaps that's what had happened to it.;41.3135;-82.6163
