Giant Black Delta Triangle Cut Corner's,3 huge circular white light's underneath.90% silent and very slow;1993-06-30 19:00:00;15 minutes;Giant Black Delta Triangle Cut Corner's, 3 huge circular white light's underneath.90% silent and very slow I was bass fishing on milliman rd pond after sunset,when everything got still and that's when I looked southwest and analyzed a Giant Black Triangle Delta for 15 minute's,a half mile away,1200 ft high,with 6 side's and 3 giant white lights underneath.It slowly moved to the northeast at 10 mph and finally had a slight humming noise. It was the size of 6 football field's on all 3 sides.  The 3 corners were 2 football field across. The height was 1 football field high.A Black Triad is what I called it.I then left milliman pond before dark and went to my girlfriend and her father's house.  They asked me what I caught.  I laughed and told them I caught a UFO.  I then silently waited to brag the next day.  No news of it!I reported this twice to a sheriff.  He told me he didnt have a computer each time!  The bellevue police seen my picture,my musical lyric's, all were stolen by a rival band and luckily retrieved by police.  They asked me if I was a bombmaker!.  I got furious at the band for accusing me of that.  I told police my guitar is my only offense and defense I need.  They were scared to death of my report.   Milan ohio has 3 airports very near the sighting area.  I have been permanantly traumatized to learn I am the only one to see and helplessly report this to everyone,even to this site for many years.  I need someone to Oficially question the airport's or whomever was involved.  Why is there no official police report site for ufo's in america?  There is a bunch of satellite video of this craft that noone can buy or see. I want all the Data info on this area for my lawyer's case  .If they recorded this area and deleted more footage, it will be known.My sighting has much more behind it.  It has consumed everything and everyone around me, and put me in the hospital many time's during my fringe research.I was not on drug's.  I did have some sore's that slowly formed on my face and had to be removed,leaving scar's.  They didnt say what caused them.I dont go outside much anym! ore.  I've never fished since.  This site wont let me choose hexag! on shape  It had six sides. Please upgrade shapes with an picture or a Deltoid catagory.  And call already. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));41.3135;-82.6163
black,three circular lights on bottom,cut corners,;1993-09-11 21:11:00;ten minutes+;black,three circular lights on bottom,cut corners, While fishing on milliman road,I saw the Black Triangle with cut corners,three lights on the corners,moving east at 30mph.It was 900 yards high,it's dimensions are,1000 yards on three sides,100 yards wide,cut corners,making VERY LITTLE SOUND.That caught my attention. It came back in March of 1999 ,thus this report.;41.3135;-82.6163
