TWO STRANGE LIGHTS SEEN WHILE WATCHING SPACE STATION - ONE IN N.W., ONE TAILING STATION;2009-07-24 22:15:00;2;TWO STRANGE LIGHTS SEEN WHILE WATCHING SPACE STATION - ONE IN N.W., ONE TAILING STATION If this seems a little odd, it's because I typed it up not as a report to give to someone, but for my own blog.:   What was to be an exciting night of photometry was interrupted tonight when we had our first ever telescopic view of the International Space Station.  Another object was seen about eight degrees behind the station, following in its orbit.  And, an unusual light was seen in the northwest about two minutes before the Station passed over, which has left us puzzled. Things were not looking good for astronomy Friday night.  Though the weather forecast was for clear skies, clouds had been passing through.  We planned to try and get a telescope on the Space Station, to see if we could make out any details.  The pass of the Station was scheduled to start at 1013pm ET, and to last for about two minutes.  The important fact was that it would be around 50 degrees high, which would be high enough to see from our observatory, but low enough to make pointing easy - for pointing a telescope right overhead is a chore!     About 1005pm, clearing was seen to be moving in from the southwest.  We opened up the observatory and turned the dome west.  The Station was scheduled to appear just to the right of west, and to move left toward the south before disappearing.  As we were turning the tube on our 10 Newtonian to bring the eyepiece to the proper angle, we noticed a light high overhead, heading northwest.  The light was orange and quite bright, perhaps magnitude 0 or brighter. We watched the light head down into the northwest, and by slow speed and appearance it was assumed to be a satellite. It was viewed with 15x70 binoculars and appeared only as a bright orange light.   The light stayed the same brightness as it went along, and we were wondering what satellite might be so bright.   Just then, at an altitude of about 25 degrees, it made a sharp turn left to a heading of roughly south.  At that point, we were a little more puzzled. But, the object disappeared behind our maple tree which sits due west of the observatory.  Maybe it was a helicopter, but we heard no noise and the light appeared exactly the same down low as when high overhead, which does not suggest a directional light like a landing light. By then, it was just about time for the Station to appear.  On schedule, it appeared above the maple tree, and we got the telescope on it.  By positioning the telescope ahead of the Station with a reticle finder, we were able to pick up the Station and move the scope by hand at a power of about 30x. We'd move the scope, look for a second as the Station passed through, and jerk the scope ahead a bit.  We lost the Station after about fifteen seconds, and when we went back to the reticle finder to reposition it, we looked up and saw the other object trailing the Station.   We now think it is either a new module which was launched toward the station today, or a resupply vessel which was cut loose from the station a few weeks back. Whatever it was, the excitement of the night will make this a night to remember.  Actually, the light we saw before the Station pass was most memorable. It floated along silently like a satellite, and it remained the same brightness and color the whole time we saw it. Anyhow, when viewing the Station through a telescope, it looks bigger than expected.  It is very bright yellow, almost fiery looking, and the major components can be seen. It is hard to make out very much when manually pushing the telescope to stay on the target, however.;39.2991;-80.2429
Bright planet size light hovering above hill before getting bighter then dim shooting high and out of sight.;2013-08-26 22:00:00;5 minutes;Bright planet size light hovering above hill before getting bighter then dim shooting high and out of sight. I was standing on the back porch smoking a cig and first noticed it out of the corner of my eye. It was a very clear night so I at first thought it was a bright planet.  I often look at the stars and also live near an airport and directly under a flight path so I am use to seeing lots of lights in the sky and am or was a ufo skeptic until a couple nights ago.  I noticed it but didn't pay much attention, and about 5 mins or so my wife walked outside and came on the porch where I was standing.  I remember thinking it was really bright to be a planet and looked awful close so I looked up to check it out a little closer and noticed that it was starting to move slowly.  I was just about to remark to my wife how close it was with no sound or normal lights for planes here as it was very low at which point it nearly doubled in brightness and then got very dim rapidly and to my amazement took off very fast at what seemed an odd angle and appeared to be getting more dim a! s it seemed to be going behind a cloud and then out of sight.  I was so excited that I realized I was truly mistaken, what appeared to be a cloud was in fact the milky way.  It was completely clear out. I know this sounds stupid but the object sat there about 5 min until my wife came out and only took off when I started to pay attention to it almost like it knew.  I'm sure that's not the case but still strange.  Thankfully my wife witnessed the whole thing as well or I would even second guess what I saw.  I don't know what it was but at the very least maybe an angel.  I know my area and It WAS NOT a plane or natural phenomena.  I hope the truth on these things come out soon because I stand corrected and am now a believer.  The object was a powerfully bright light like a planet size in night sky but Much brighter, with an odd color white light, almost like the suns color light, or moons reflective color light.  One more odd thing our deaf dog was barking which never happens and looki! ng up but I never thought about it until afterward.;39.2991;-80.2429
Low, bright, light hanging in the sky.;2015-04-26 21:00:00;15 minutes;Low, bright, light hanging in the sky. I was traveleling north bound on I-79 towards Fairmont, WV, from Bridgeport, WV.  I observed a bright light hanging low in the sky while driving, it seemed to be low below the clouds.  The sky was dark and full of dark storm clouds and I could not see any visible stars.   I had my fiance pull over so i could  snap a few shot of this light.  I watched till I got to Fairmnt.  By then it was out of sight.  The pictures im sending is from a LG-g3 cell phone.  I have it zoomed in all the way in the pictures;39.2991;-80.2429
