Strange bright pulsating light in the sky;2009-01-14 23:00:00;5 minutes;Strange bright pulsating light in the sky I saw some strange lights last night on my way home from the basketball game. It looked like one flashing beacon light on a tower at first but it then it tracked across the sky like there was five of the same flashing light in a row. Then in an instant it was one again just pulsating in the same spot. Then in a quick instant it was on the other side of the highway far from where it was the first time in a stationary position not moving. It was so fast I didn't even see it move to its new location. It was just there. It was to fast to be any type of aircraft. Very strange and not sure what It was. I got off the ramp and looked back and it was still there in its new spot just flashing away. It was around 11 PM. I might add that it was on a night where the temps were below 10 degrees and we were getting a light snow so the sky was cloud covered. The object was very bright and constantly pulsating. When I first saw it I thought it was a beacon light on a cell tower but I drive this way every day and there is no towers where I saw the light which is why I watched it so close. It was so bright it stood out on a snowy night. This all happened over Moraine State park. It was so odd to see I was asking myself did it really just do what I thought it did?;40.9049;-80.0679
Three bright red lights with no sound moving in a south southwest direction, each following the other by 2-3 minutes.;2017-07-04 22:10:00;10-15 minutes;Three bright red lights with no sound moving in a south southwest direction, each following the other by 2-3 minutes. Three bright reddish lights, each separated by 2-3 minutes, appeared from north northeast heading south southwest toward the position of the moon.  There was no detectable sound from them.  The July 4th fireworks were going on at the Butler County Fair Grounds at the time and I assumed the first one was a firework going up but hadn't exploded yet.  It never did explode and continued across the sky until out of view behind a tree line.  My wife said she saw a fourth one appear from the same origin but headed due west.  I caught only a quick glimpse of that one through some trees. They appeared larger than the ISS looks as it flies over, but not quite as bright.  They were a bit slower than a Cessna at maybe 10000 feet (i.e. pretty slow), though the actual height and size were impossible to determine.   I checked a satellite tracker on-line but could not find any satellites at all over my area at that time, much less three of them moving in such an odd direction for a satellite.;40.9049;-80.0679
