Triangle, rounded leading edges reddish /pink glow at tips of wing, white left to right pulsing light at rear.;2013-11-19 18:20:00;5-7 minutes;Triangle, rounded leading edges reddish /pink glow at tips of wing, white left to right pulsing light at rear. It was 6:20 pm.  We had arrived back at my home in the country where my friend's van was parked.  It was past dusk and a fairly clear night.  Normally when I come home and the lights from the car hit the chicken coop the chicken are out wanting to get fed, along with the cats and dogs.   The 1st thing I notice the only ones out where a couple cats. .   My friend got out and said what that is and pointed up.  I look up above the trees (a good estimate is 250 to 500 ft. off the top of the oaks) was a huge triangle shape object.  It was big the tip of say the forward edge of the left side was by the pool and the leading edge of the right was over the trees in to the back yard.  I would say bigger than a C5A Galaxy even bigger that that big Russian heavy-lift plane I seen In Bosnia.   I could almost make out what appeared to be seams in the material but it was not shiny, duller and like carbon fiber.  The leading edge was rounded and there was no tail to say, (in today’s aircraft everything has a vertical stabilizer with a stabilizer or ailerons.  Sort of like a big T or a little t.  The anti-collision lights go on top, bottom, left and right.)  This had none of those.   The object appeared to be a very big triangle, no sound what so ever came from it.  Moving at 60 knots or less I would think me and my friend differ on this he said it took a few minutes to get over the house I think more like 5 before it was out over the field.   I walked under it trying to make out markings but it was just blending in with the sky so good the only way to tell the outline was it was blocking out the stars and what few clouds there where.  Every now and again I could almost make out what appeared to be a seam but it seems almost fluid as it would simply blend in again.   The ends had a reddish/pinkish glow but not strobes or rotating beacons.  I could not make out a cockpit.  It turned to the south east towards Moody air force base as if it was in a pattern but way too low.  As it did this I could see the back of it.  This is why I say it look like the big wing.   The light on the back were from left to right and white not strobes but pulsing.  My friend said that a tight formation then as it banked he said john that 1 single object I said yea I know but I don’t know what it is.   As it leveled out it appeared that a small object (this could have been a chase plane just appeared off to the left and it had the standard red and white strobes (T) shape but next to this object it look like a fly smaller that a T38 , or A10, but still no noise at all.   It appeared to go about 6 to 8 miles and turn right (south) and keep going my friend followed it in his van for a while but lost it.   Funny thing the next day his C Crain Radio that he records news on for work, well he turn it on at work and all his file where erased.  Not just a few but all.  And at lunch he went to update it and all the file just came back.  Track of object:  Approched from north turned to the east after about 6 to 8 miles turned south.;31.1211;-83.4226
