HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Witness has encounter with two saucers.;2002-04-06 06:45:00;approx: 2 minutes;Witness has encounter with two saucers. I had a call today from a fellow who is now residing in Vernon, British Columbia. He saw a flier on the wall at the Vernon library requesting that if anyone has witnessed an unusual object in the skies to write or call me. So he did. The witnessed lived at one time in Terrace, British Columbia and had rented a moving truck and was moving to Vernon, B.C. he had everything packed up and hit the road early on April 6, 2002 and started his long journey to his new home. He passed through the small community of Clinton, B.C. which is midway between Vancouver and Prince George and is located 39 kms north of the Trans Canada Highway #1 and Cariboo Highway #97 junction, having an elevation of 887 meters. The population of Clinton currently stands at approximately 740. As he was driving south a few kilometers out of Clinton, B.C on a straight stretch of road at dawn when he noticed something rather unusual way off in the horizon. He said he was able to observe a dot, or very small object which seemed to be floating around, still very far away at this time.  As he drove, he slowed because what ever this was he was looking at was acting really strange and it started growing larger in size due to it heading in his direction. The witness told me, his Dad is a pilot, his Uncle is a pilot and his cousin is a pilot and he said he has been around aircraft all his life and knew what he was seeing was something he had never observed before. He also reports that what ever it was had no strobe lights on it, as it drew closer the object took on a metallic silver color to it. The shape was that of a saucer type craft, and as it approached it dropped in altitude to approx:1000 feet and flew straight over top of the truck he was driving, moving at an incredible rate of speed.  He also told me the object was approx: 60 feet across and the bottom of it was completely black in color. Just as the object passed over head his eye caught sight of another craft of the same kind and it to passed overhead quickly and both objects were out of sight within a second or two. The objects were traveling north to east. He said there was not a sound to be heard. He immediately pulled the truck over to the side of the road and jumped out to see if he might be able to see something in the distance, but these objects were gone.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Home - Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;51.1;-121.6
