Norfolk UFO watches a storm?;2005-07-27 21:00:00;10 min;Norfolk UFO watches a storm? UFO witness report Wednesday, July 27th 2005 Norfolk, Virginia  USA 9:00 PM	     Oh how I love storm watching.  The rumbling thunder and spectacular lightshows, to the pouring rain and endless candlelit games of charades during power outages.  On the evening of July 27th, 2005 at approximately 9:00pm, my girlfriend and I witnessed an object flying that was, and remains, unidentified.  Was its purpose to view the storm, or for the storm to help view it. 	The anticipation of an ending record breaking “heat wave” had been felt all day. Finally these 100+ degree daytime highs were going to be crushed by a cold front, resulting in large, severe thunderstorms.  In fact, weather reports earlier in the day were claiming that the huge ban of thunderstorms (from Texas to New England)  were producing wind gusts up to 60mph, and large hail stones.  As soon as I heard the emergency broadcast alerts by means of television, I knew it was coming. 	After a few rumbles of thunder were heard, I decided to head outside to spectate. It was about 8:45pm and the sun was set, yet there was still a shimmer of light in western sky coming through the clouds of the oncoming storm.  I sat in my usual spot on the deck steps.  Our deck is roofed which provides excellent storm watching without getting wet.  My eyes were wondering back and forth between my 11mo old puppy playing in the yard and the inconsistent flashes of lightning reflecting off neighboring houses. As I looked to my right, I noticed a bright star in between two parallel power lines from my vantage point.  It flickered violently between white and amber colors, just as a star rapidly twinkles in the distance…the object didn’t appear to be moving at all and I thought to myself, maybe this is a planet because it seems much larger than even the largest, brightest star. So there I was trying to decipher the object and realized that whatever it was seemed to be under the veil of storm clouds.  There was no clear patch in the clouds to peek at the humbling vastness of space.  So as I watched this mysterious light in the sky, it became clear that it was moving.  I performed many visual tests with stationary objects (power lines) to make sure the object was moving.  This went on for about two minutes before I decided to ask my girlfriends opinion and grab my video camera. I began recording for a total of 6 minutes.  The glowing object ever so slowly hovers to my east and descends. There was approximately 4 more min of viewing before the object descends below the treeline and out of view. That are not in this footage.  As far as the objects actual size and distance I have no idea. At approximately 9:45 pm I decided to call the non-emergency line of one of the Norfolk police depts. I asked the officer (or whomever answered my call) if there had been any reports of unidentified flying objects in the area within the past hour or so.  He said not at that particular station, but inquired about my sighting.  I explained and his response was that a logical explanation was that there is always a high amount of helicopter traffic from local tv stations etc in the area.  I thanked the man for his time and hung up.  This object was NOT an airplane (although Norfolk International Airport is within about 7 miles from my location).  The object was definitely NOT a helicopter (my sister flies CH-46 helicopters for the navy and my father is a retired commander). There were no signs of any flashing beacons. The object was NOT a star or planet due to its movement and location under the clouds.  I am not 100% sure on the following topic of balls of light appearing in storms due to the electrically charged atmosphere so I cant rule it out.  More personal research will tell.  Here is a video capture in mpeg format from the original, non duplicated hi-8 sony video camera tape.  The transfer appears darker than the original tape, but I didn’t want to edit the picture quality in any way.  The only editing done is a layer of text with date time location and my name.  The most exhilarating image however appears when I took a still photo of the image during the illumination of a lightning flash. I challenge all of you to dissect this footage with my full cooperation to help in ANY WAY NECESSARY.   I was privileged to witness this event and hope this footage can provide some stepping stone closer to truth. Video: http://www.megaupload.com/?d=31TEUO5W  sorry about the filesize.  I don’t know how to minimize it  Still lightning photo: http://www.megaupload.com/?d=26K07NZK  please feel free to contact me with ANY questions… nate309200@cox.net  thank you for your eyes, ears, and mind, Nathan;36.8754303754265;-76.2648143344713
Two daytime  sightings of two different types of objects in the same general area 12 days apart.;2009-07-09 15:30:00;90 sec.;Two daytime  sightings of two different types of objects in the same general area 12 days apart. The last week of June I saw what looked like a party Gift balloon floating across the sky from west to east. It was alternating from red to gold and silver. There was no sound and it did not rise as a helium balloon would. Afterwards I realized it was taveling in a crosswind south to north unaffected. The 2nd week of June I saw 2 white lights come together from different directions do a little dance (as they say) and take off in different directions. 1 went due North and the other went due East. Neither of these were very fast moving, just steady.;36.8754303754265;-76.2648143344713
