Stationary egg shape with row of lights in semi-circle array;2003-07-28 01:20:00;approx 15mins;Stationary egg shape with row of lights in semi-circle array I am reporting this for a relative with permission.  This object was stationary, S.SE of her home which is just south of Granite Falls. It was about the size of a quarter held at arms length and approx.60 degrees above the horizen.  In her words it looked like a semi-circle of lights with beams or legs of white light, there was an egg shape obove the lights that was unlit but could be seen in the reflection of the semicircle of light. She observed this shape for approx. ten minutes, the shape then changed to a red egg or capsule of light, it then changed to a verticle column of golden light which she described as looking like a golden chain bracelet, it then changed  back to a red capsule or egg shaped light, she then went to sleep so did not see it leave, I am sending along a sketch that she drew the next morning, she drew it to approximate scale of what she saw;48.0813;-121.9464
A bright object with flashing colored lights and consistent back and forth movement appeared in the Northwest Sky at about 10PM.;2004-08-16 22:15:00;6 HOURS;A bright object with flashing colored lights and consistent back and forth movement appeared in the Northwest Sky at about 10PM. When I was about to fall asleep on Sunday night my wife noticed that there was what she called a star that was moving. We went outside to our driveway and saw a reddish-blue object at about 50 degrees azimuth off the horizon in the Northwest sky about the size of Mars or Venus but brighter, with what seemed to be flashing rotating red, blue, green & yellow lights. My first impression was that it was a planet but upon closer observation we both saw that it was moving left to right and up and down without any specific pattern. The movement suggested that the object was hovering. The movement would be as much as 5-7 degrees in either direction at medium speed. I then noticed what appeared to be an aircraft with a blue light approach the object from the West and disappear once it reached the object. After the apparent aircraft disappeared the hovering movement resumed and the flashing lights took on a different characteristic of rhythmic pulsing. I then went upstairs and got my video camera and began taping. This continued for 3 hours until we both became so sleepy that we had to go back to bed. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and we found him to be serious-minded.  He agreed that he might have been looking at a planet, probably Jupiter.  PD));48.0813;-121.9464
