brilliant ball of light;2002-11-02 00:30:00;15 min;brilliant ball of light i was just arriving home with my brother and friend about 12:30 am when i saw a brilliant ball of light. both my brother and friend saw it when i parked the car, i got out and ran in to my house to get the video camera. i began filming and zoomed in as far as i could then left it at that. the object was flashing blue, red, orange, and yellow. it would change size and bop around in the picture. it never got larger than about a dime at arms length. it was about 45 deg. above the horizon. i filmed for two and a half minutes befor getting freaked out. i turned off the camera and ran inside to wake up my sleeping parents. both got up and took a look out side. my mom was convinced it was a UFO, while my dad is convinced it is a star. however, the next night i was coming home from a massage about 12:30 and looked at the same spot in the sky, but it was gone, and it was a clear night out. it wasn't a star. B ((NUFORC Note:  We will attempt to contact the witness, in order to view the tape.  PD));48.0813;-121.9464
Strange lights near Mt. Pugh.;2003-08-01 22:00:00;90 minutes;Strange lights near Mt. Pugh. I was hiking alone in the Cascade Mountains of Western Washington.  After hiking a good part of the day I reached the summit of Mount Pugh where I set up camp for the night. Later in the evening I took advantage of the opportunity to observe the stars since I was away from the city lights. It was about 22:00 I saw three points of light. They were mostly red but also had some white in them. They were below the horizon.  I was looking down on them from a point several thousand feet above them while they were only 50 or 100 feet above the foothills below me.  I could see a faint illumination that they cast on the trees below them. They were bobbing and weaving in a strange kind of dance and they were all doing it in perfect synchronization with each other, almost as if they were physically linked. It didn't take me long to realize I was seeing something very strange and at that instant I had one of those Oh  Sh%*& moments.  I felt very uneasy as I was completely alone, at night, in the middle of nowhere. Two of them dropped below a ridge and were out of sight. They reappeared occasionally, sometimes from a completely different direction. This was mountainous terrain and there were literally scores of ridges and peaks surrounding me in all directions. I was looking southwest initially. Sometimes I saw them to the North or East and they would drop back down below a ridge in that direction. The other remained in sight continuously. They seemed to be playing hide and seek with me and I was constantly scanning in all directions, looking for them. After a few minutes I saw a fourth UFO.  It was just slightly below the horizon to the Northwest and was more distant, maybe several miles.  It's apparent size was about that of a pea held at arms length. It was more or less round. It was usually red, sometimes green or white. It's color and luminosity reminded me of a neon light. It would suddenly appear then the light would rapidly fade out in about 2 seconds. Then a little later it would reappear and fade out again the same way. It was always at the same location in the sky. What was really strange was that after I watched it fade I would keep my eyes fixed at that spot waiting for it to reappear but it never did while I was looking there. After maybe 30 seconds I would look away to locate the other 3 UFOs, then just at the exact moment when I looked back at that spot again it reappeared and faded. It was as if it knew the exact moment when I returned my gaze to that spot. This happened several times and it was creeping me out. A few times gold or yellow sparkling lights sprayed out of it. It looked exactly like a fireworks display. I know this sounds like too much but there was a fourth UFO that appeared briefly. It was a white point of light in the valley immediately below the peak I was on. It appeared to be no more than 100 feet off the ground. It slowly meandered northward up the heavily wooded valley. I could see a few points of light among the trees below that were the lanterns at some drive in camp sites. The UFO came pretty close to some of those. I estimate it was traveling about 30 mph.  I'm certain it wasn't a helicopter either. There was no sound and it traveled in a kind of tight weaving pattern similar to what the red lights were doing. With so much going on I felt like I was watching a circus.  It was really too much and I just wanted them to go away. After watching for about an hour and a half the 3 red lights were much further away and the fourth one was appearing infrequently. I was tired and it gets cold at night at 7200 feet, even in August. So I climbed into my tent and eventually went to sleep hoping I wasn't going to be a guest on an alien mother ship during the night. I always felt comfortable camping alone in the wilderness but now I will have a nagging fear in the back of my mind that I will have another experience like that. If some other people had been with me it would have been an exciting and interesting experience. As I was alone it was just plain scary. Two weeks later I went back to the same peak with a buddy (no way was I going back alone!).  One or two of the red lights described above appeared again but they were more distant and they didn't dance around like the last time.  They just slowly meandered around in the distance.  I pointed them out to my friend but he dismissed them at first.  After they continued to hang around I pressed the point with him and got him to admitt they weren't airplanes.  I could see it made him uneasy.  He went inside his tent and went to bed.  End of story.;48.0813;-121.9464
Hundreds of objects fly over small town in Washington State.;2013-11-13 00:00:00;2.5 hours;hundreds of objects fly over small town in Washington State. Two 60 -70 year old women witnessed hundreds of round luminous craft, flying from the N. N.E. towards the S. S.W. over a small town in Wa. State.   The objects were a bit below the star line, they were flying at the same rate of speed and seemed to be at the exact same height.  Some were in triangle formation or in groups of 2 or 3 or more.  Some were lone but still flying at the same rate and equally distant apart.  They did not veer off from each other but stayed in formation from front to back, they just kept on going overhead for around two and one half hours.   When my neighbor first noticed them she said there were thousands of them going overhead toward the south.  They were not in a real hurry but seemed to be going at a medium pace.  The moon was out, the sky partly cloudy with breaks so we could see them flying over, there was a slight breeze which moved the clouds around.  One of the women is in the healthcare field, the other is a teacher of healing courses, she also cares for unwanted horses.;48.0813;-121.9464
