The UFO hovered over house, hurt me and flew away;2006-02-08 00:00:00;15-20 minutes;The UFO hovered over house, hurt me and flew away From my primary angle of view it was a thick large disk shaped craft with a large rotating dome on top and four equally spaced domes of a smaller sort underneath. It glowed an intense white glow that enveloped the whole ship. I could only see details better when I had my sunglasses on. It had a diameter of 6 city buses. When I looked closely at the rotating dome I saw strange runes or glyphs encircling the top dome emitting a blue glow that out lined these odd symbols. It went the same for the smaller rotating domes underneath, yet they were colored separately purple, red, green, and yellow. It circled around my house practically brushing the tree tops. After about 15 minutes of circling it hovered directly over the house. Intrigued, I went outside to get a better view of it. The glyphs on the small domes then became brighter and the domes began to spin faster and faster. Then all of the sudden a dazzling blast of light focused on me. I was so scared I couldn't move. Then something very crazy happened. All of the sudden there was a horrible shrieking noise inside my head. It was deafening and incredibly painful and forced me to the ground clutching my throbbing head as though I was to die from it. Then there was a brilliant blaze of light and the shrieking stopped. The ship then began a steady climb towards the stars. As it did, four orbs about the size of a car appeared to have risen out of the forest and began circling in bizarre patterns around the ship. The craft rose faster and faster into the night sky, till it was only a speck in the sky a roared of at an incredible speed. Battered and reeling from the encounter and the intense pain that still clawed my brain. I stumbled into my room and crashed on the bed and fell asleep. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));48.0813;-121.9464
