other witness says it was tuesday night but I think it was monday, we were standing in a barn looking to the south east a green light l;2001-03-12 22:05:00;aprox40secs.;other witness says it was tuesday night but I think it was monday, we were standing in a barn looking to the south east a green light lit the sky, about 5 seconds, 5seconds later green light lit the sky again, about 5 seconds later a definate electrical whoosh then nothing, cayotes were loud before, after dead silence, listened to police scanner and no power outages or anything reported, light was very uniform it did not vary in strength or intensity;48.0813;-121.9464
lights, three pings, then a whoosh;2001-03-12 22:15:00;about 1min;lights, three pings, then a whoosh I'm not quit sure if it was monday or tuesday It was about 10:15 when my mom, my friend and I were in my barn at the end of Russian road on the outskirts of Granite Falls. The coyotes had began to howl loudly as i was bending over.Then all of a sudden my mom and friend said, o'my god what was that. I quickly jumped up and they said they saw a flash of green,yellow light that lit up the sky in the south-eastern direction.They also said it looked like a bomb exploded. After that we herd three pinging noises and a whoosh like some thing took off. The coyotes were dead quiet now and all was silent.we quickly ran up to the house to see if they saw what we saw, but no. they turned on the scanner to lisen to see if anything had happened, but nothing. Since that night my friend has had back pains, my mom has back pains, and i have had constant head aches,nose bleeds, and have been nauseous. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and others, and we believe that the incident may have occurred on 13MR01.  PD));48.0813;-121.9464
a bright ????;2002-04-07 21:15:00;20mn;a bright ???? we were in the kitchen watching outside when we seen a single star just about deer mountain.we thought it was a helecopter because it seemed to jerkevery so often.we looked around the sky and noticed there were no other stars in the sky at the time.we kept watching it because it was so bright and it seemed to move.it slowely went down and seem to have landedon the mountain.   we watched it for a while and then all of a sudden it shot up in the air and slowely flew up and then went n.e untill we could no longer see it.it reminded us of a helecopter surveying an area.but this wasnt one it was a bright light all the was around.it didnt twinkle like a star and it didnt have any flashing lights on it.well the next night we watched out the window again and it came back and did the same thing.when it landed it had a glow to it.you could see the glow above and around the trees.;48.0813;-121.9464
Bright light round with something like a comet tail.;2002-11-02 00:00:00;seconds;Bright light round with something like a comet tail. Hello, The reason I am writing this is on, or about the same day is another person seen a bright light in our little town. I also seen that light with what looked like a strick of light after it sorta like a comet trail, anyway they are not lieing. I was looking out at the stars as I always do I am fasinated with them, anyway I saw a bright light fall what seemed in front of a house, but was only for a second that I saw it, because it went down in front of the house, this accured up by MT.Way elementary school, where I live, well I have sinced moved, I would have reported it sooner, but I just got my internet connection back. So yes I darted right to your web page. I was surprised to read that someone else besides me saw that light. It seemed just to have apperared like it was falling from the sky, at first I thought a Falling star maybe, but not that big, plus more than likely it would have burned up before it got that close to the ground, then I thought maybe a metor, I really don't know what it was, but I know it really scared me so I went to bed. Like going to bed would have helped me, but at least my husband was in there, so it made me feel a bit better all I know is at that moment I not longer wanted to be alone watching the stars. I really felt fear! ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));48.0813;-121.9464
Bright light coming from the sky with no noise.;2010-01-17 04:23:00;20 seconds;Bright light coming from the sky with no noise. On the morning of 1/17/10 at 4:23 am I woke in bed to look out the window to see if it was morning yet and I saw 2 very bright lights outside my bedroom window in the upstairs of my cabin. The cabin is in a tiny town located in the Mt Baker Snoqualmie National Forest (outside the town of Granite Falls) in the western cascade mountains of Washington. The lights were very bright and were shining through my window at an angle that would indicate it was coming from the sky and lit up the second floor deck. I got up and went to the window and looked outside and then realized that the entire cabin was being lit up by some kind of a giant spot light. This is very strange as this area is very remote and there is no electricity. The other strange thing is that there was no noise at all, as I first assumed that the lights were coming from a helicopter or plane I listened to see if I could hear anything and I could only hear the creek running outside. I can quickly dismiss the lights coming from a helicopter, plane, or any type of nearby machinery because of the remote location of my cabin in this little town. The lights disappeared just after I got up to look out the window. When I got up, the first thing I thought about was that there was a search helicopter hovering around, but as I said there was no noise or rumbling at all. The light on the cabin was very large and bright and was not wavering around, it was very still. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));48.0813;-121.9464
Blue light from sky split in two and disappeared.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor?  PD));2011-08-18 04:19:00;4 seconds;Blue light from sky split in two and disappeared Bright blue light streaking down, then split in two and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor?  PD));48.0813;-121.9464
