Row of 5-6 white or off white lights @ ~3,500 feet 2-4 miles from my position moving silently & slowly West to East.;2000-09-15 19:00:00;2-3 Minutes;Row of 5-6 white or off white lights @ ~3,500 feet 2-4 miles from my position moving silently & slowly West to East. It was just after dark on a Friday nightand I had just arrived at the cabin. I was unloading my car when I turned to go back to the cabin and looked up in the sky to the South and saw the unusual lights. I 1st thought what I was seeing was a flight of hellicopters because planes would not be moving so slowly but then I realized their was no sound. I shouted for my brother in law Crawford, look and pointed him to the lights. What we saw was a series of ~5-6 lights lined up in an edge straight row at ~3,500 feet above ground. the lights moved in unison, silent and moving slowly from West to East. I am certain of the altitude because from out vantage point their are a series of ridges, one being mallardy (sic) ridge that show elevations on topographic maps as 3,200 - 3,500 feet above sea level. I have taken a daylight picture of the spot from where I 1st saw the lights pointed at the ridges and can provide that upon request. MY brother inlaw found lated that several others had locally reported seeing a large craft with the lights we saw moving accross Whidby island to the West of our location then over puget sound to the West of Whidby Island then over Marysville/Everett area and on to the East of Granite Falls past out location. I can better pinpoint the date & time once I have an opportunity to look at our Cabin sign in log book from that night and then can pretty well pinpoint the date & Time. The best discription I have found that closely matches what I and others saw that night is to view the video from the Phoenix lights. We did not see a Triangular shape. Rather we just say perhaps one side of such a craft edge on.  I decided to finally report this unusual sighting after watching the Peter Jenings UFO report last night on ABC KOMO TV ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));48.0813;-121.9464
