Shape-Changing Aircraft;2006-08-01 10:00:00;A few minutes;Shape-Changing Aircraft I live in Bellevue, Nebraska, a town not far from the city of Omaha. In the center of the town is Offut Air Force Base, so perhaps the crafts that I have been seeing are somehow military-related.  Lately, me and several people I know have been seeing strange lights in the sky. The first occurence happened on probably about the tenth of august. My friend was in a park with his girlfriend, and they were staring at the sky, looking at stars that were out. Suddenly, their attention was drawn to a bright light that was hovering in the sky. It seemed to dance around in the sky for a few minutes. My friend then noticed several aircraft approaching the light. The light then took off directly into the sky and dissappeared from sight. The aircraft that had chased the light away then flew a grid in the sky and flew off out of sight.  Since this date, Me, my girlfriend, the two people stated above, and two of my other friends have seen strange shape-changing craft in the sky, all sightings occured on the same road, Harlan Lewis road, known as Base Lake road to the locals.  The first occurence I witnessed was on about the 18th of august. Me and my girlfriend were driving home and making a turn onto Harlan Lewis Road. We saw a helicopter approaching in the distance. As we drew closer to the helicopter, we thought it was changing shape. We were soon driving under this aircraft, which now resembled an X with several flashing lights on it. It stayed as this shape only while directly above us, then changed into the shape of an Airplane, and it changed the pattern of its flashing lights.  The second occurence what on the 23rd of august, when me, my girlfriend, and two of my other friends were driving down Harlan Lewis Road. One of my friends pointed out a helicopter that was flying not too far from us. It then flew behind some trees, out of view, and when it emerged from the other side of the trees, it had changed into the shape of an airplane, and also changed its light pattern and color. The other friend in the car didnt pay any attention to the sky during this, so he never saw anything. But everyone who did see it was 100% convinced that the aircraft changed shape.  Also, all of the described objects above made no sound at all, as a plane or helicopter would.;41.1337037037037;-95.9312777777778
