Four identical objects observed Near OAFB by two adults.;2016-10-08 20:10:00;~20 minutes;Four identical objects observed Near OAFB by two adults. START TIME:  Approximately 2010 Hrs   END TIME:  Approximately 2030 Hrs  I took my dog out to relieve himself just before going to the store, when I noticed an object with flight characteristics which were not similar to any usual air craft. The object was ovular in shape and had lights that were intermittently visible.  The lights were an orane-red and yellow color (normal aircraft, even military, have green or red on either wing tip).  The object was dark grey in color and seemed to sort of vanish and re-appear suddenly.  The object rotated about 240 degrees along its longitudinal axis while maintaining a steady trajectory from SSW (Somewhere west of Platsmouth) to NNE (towards downtown Omaha/Missouri River).  It is also important to note that the craft was not uniform in shape, as it rotated, it revealed smooth flat sides along the forward and aft sections of this exotic object. I immediately ruled out celestial bodies such as stars, planets, meteoroids and so forth due to the altitude which I estimate was about 5,000-10,000 feet from ground level. The object emitted no detectable sound despite it's proximity and high rate of speed.  I was able to confirm that it was in atmosphere due to the fact that it was passing between the clouds and myself.  I could also rule out any sort of illusion or phenomenon as the object was in plain view the most of the time I was observing it.  When it seemed to vanish, I was still able to predict where it would re-appear and begin tracking it again as it moved steadily. I observed this first object until I could no longer see it all the while, trying to get my wife's attention who was inside getting our kids ready to go.  She finished that about one minute after the initial object disappeared.  After about two more  minutes pass by.  At this time, as we are loading the kids in the truck, both, my wife and I observed a second object matching the description of the first.  This object exhibited the same behaviors and travelled what I perceived was the same route. Upon seeing the second object my wife and I changed our plans and decided to drive around in the rural area two miles south of Bellevue Nebraska.  Upon beginning our drive, going west on Capehart toward 36th Street, we observed two more objects matching the description of the aforementioned, flying on the same path and a similar altitude.  This previously mentioned observation occurred approximately 4 minutes after the second object left visual contact.  Upon driving around in the rural areas we observed no further objects. Additional thought tells me that if there were only two objects, they would have to begin traveling from the point of final visual contact to the point of initial contact at an amazing speed while deviating significantly from their originally observed path.  It is much more probable that there were a total of 4 objects. To the reader:  Be advised that I am a seasoned military member who lives near an AFB.  I see various craft on a daily basis at all hours and during all weather conditions yearly.   While this occurred after sunset, the sky was mostly clear and there was near maximal lighting from the moon.  I am well versed in aircraft and discerning between any sort of optical illusion or phenomena.  Based on these circumstances, I conclude that these were some form of manufactured, atypical craft which were intelligently controlled.  I draw no other conclusions. I attempted to record the second occurrence on my phone but as you can imagine the video quality does not do the event justice.  I do however, still have the video.;41.1337037037037;-95.9312777777778
I was driving home from work when I looked up and I could see an oval shaped UFO looking aircraft being followed by a helicopter. It ha;2019-12-19 18:20:00;3 minutes;I was driving home from work when I looked up and I could see an oval shaped UFO looking aircraft being followed by a helicopter. It has a few very bright lights so bright I could see the aircraft was metal. It flew pretty low to the ground, I gained speed and I could see it going far away but then when I took a turn all of a sudden I saw it in front of me and the helicopter lost it. I then saw it lowering down to the ground, so low I couldn't see it behind some houses about 1000 feet away when I drove past the houses where the UFO was I saw it flying at the same distance from the ground foward and then it gained speed losing track of it. The UFO had a long strip of a white light and a yellowish light on the front. Also when I came home there were two fading lines in the sky.;41.1337037037037;-95.9312777777778
