The fastest object we have ever seen other than a meteor!;2011-10-08 20:12:00;6 seconds;The fastest object we have ever seen other than a meteor! We saw a bright white light traveling directly overhead from West to East 10 times as fast as a satellite travels.  We have seen the space station on numerous occasions.  This object wasn't as bright. It had the brightness of a satellite but not the altitude.  It was not a meteor!;45.3376;-84.2176
Bright, constant, silent light, heading east, suddenly vanishes.;2014-10-23 20:40:00;3-4 minutes;Bright, constant, silent light, heading east, suddenly vanishes. Stepping onto my southerly facing deck, as always,I looked up at the stars. I looked to the west and noticed a bright single light heading my way. It was as bright as the space station. The color wasn't as white as the I.S.S.  More towards amber.  I've seen the space station many times,and I knew this wasn't it. It wasn't blinking, just constant.   Earlier my buddy called to say he was looking at the eclipse.  I wasn't prepared so I didn't see it.   Anyway, I ran in the house and called him, and told him to go outside quick, as something was heading our way from the west.  (He lives about 1/4 mile away).  We both stayed on the phone and he said he saw it right away.  There were no navigation lights, or sound, so we ruled out a jet or plane.  It was heading just slightly southeast. If you pointed your left finger straight up at twelve o'clock high, and your right finger, two feet straight to the south, that is about the degrees in the sky the thing was, when, it abruptly vanished!!  I don't know if it turned right, from our vantage point, or just turned off the lights!  It didn't zip away in the direction it was heading, it just wasn't there. It was a crystal clear night, so no clouds to go behind.  We both were left wondering what we just witnessed. It was 8:30 or so. I'm wondering if we were the only two people in America who saw this! It appeared to be quite high,  But hard to judge not knowing size. Incidentally, on April 19th, 2014, my wife, nephew and niece, witnessed almost the exact same light, right from the same viewing spot, our deck.  Everything almost identical, except the time.  That one was at approximately 10:30 or so.  My wife said, Look!, here comes the space station!  I said, no it's not!!;45.3376;-84.2176
Stationary bright object that immediately caught my eye as I stepped out the door.;2014-11-01 22:00:00;30 seconds;Stationary bright object that immediately caught my eye as I stepped out the door. I stepped out our back door,which faces due east,and immediately noticed a bright star where I know one isn't!  For your reference,look up at Cassiopeia,extend your arms,and bend your wrists in so you can put four fingers on top of the other ones.  About 8 fingers down from the bottom star of Cassiopeia and a little to the right, is a dim but noticeable star.  There's a dimmer one close and to the right of that one.  Just to the left of those stars, was a bright, not white but towards amber, light.  It was brighter than a magnitude O star, which is why I noticed it as soon as I stepped out the door!  It wasn't moving at all.  I was torn between running in the house and grabbing my binoculars and staying put!  I'm glad I stayed because at about 30 or 40 seconds, it just got dimmer till it was gone.  It appeared to go directly away from my vantage point.  No left to right deviation what so ever.;45.3376;-84.2176
Saw a big bright light make a 90 degree turn and vanish;2015-05-21 04:45:00;5 seconds;Saw a big bright light make a 90 degree turn and vanish While sitting on our back porch, which faces due east, I saw an extremely large, bright light. Most of the stars were gone due to the twilight. It wasn't  blinking.  There was no sound.  It was a white light.  Just a little smaller than a dime at arm's length.  There are some trees about a block away and it was higher than them.   It made a slight decent as it traveled from south to north then made a literal  right turn and shot out of sight!  It wasn't a sweeping turn, it was heading north then abruptly shot to the east in a blink!!   The duration of the whole sighting was about 4 to 5 seconds.  My husband and I are avid sky watchers and know satellites, jets and the Space Station when we see them.  This wasn't any of those!!  Hopefully someone else saw this and reported it somewhere!;45.3376;-84.2176
