Saw two jets in pursuit of craft or crafts.;2013-05-08 21:47:00;~1 minute;Saw two jets in pursuit of craft or crafts At about 9:45 pm, my wife & I stepped on to our southerly facing deck to have a cigarette. There was a wide band of little round clouds drifting to the east.  My wife say's, look at that bright thing up there, it's moving!!  I said, no honey,the clouds are moving, not that, It's a star.  I told her to hold up her finger with the star at her fingertip, and she'd see that it was stationary and the moving clouds made it to appear to be moving.  It was Arcturus. I was facing due south, and looked just about straight up and saw, in between the clouds, a small cluster of real dim red lights.  They were not round, but like two small, red, dimly lit bars at each point of a triangle!!  I casually said, they must be heading to the Middle East. My first thought was that they were a formation of military jets.  From the tip of NE Lower Michigan, flying north, it's a long way's to anywhere!!  Then it registered in my head!  The lights were to close together to be a formation of j! ets!!  There was no sound.  The lights were not blinking.  If you held up a quarter at arms length,that was about the size of the spacing of the lights.  Maybe just a bit bigger than a quarter.  I didn't see any solid outline.  May have been three things!  I saw the lights for about four or five seconds before the clouds drifted over, blocking my view.  I turned around and was now scanning up and to the north for the lights to appear between the little puff ball type clouds.  I assumed that's the way the thing or things were heading.  My wife was to my left, kind of behind me, and exclaimed, Look!!  She pointed to the NE, and I turned to see a solid, white light, below the little clouds, heading to the SE.  At the same time she shouted, I heard and saw two jets at about 75 or 80 degrees, heading north, start into hard right banking turn!!!  The clouds were broken enough for me to see them.  Now, take your hand,raise your arm to about 75 or 80 degrees, point it to the NE and turn your arm! smoothly to the SE.  Now count to 5 as your turning.  That's ho! w long i t took for that solid white light to go out of sight to the SE. Before those jets completed their turn, that thing was gone!!!  They were in hot pursuit!!  I ran in the house and called the local TV station!  I asked if anyone else had called in to report any lights or unusual stuff, and he said no, but would call me back if any other reports came in.  The next morning, May 9th, the call in talk shows were swamped with calls about some lights, fireballs, and things.  I didn't get up and it never dawned on me to listen the next morning to all the excitement going on!!  My brother called me and asked if I had heard the talk shows that morning.  I said no, as I was up real late from the experience my wife and I had.  I called the talk show three weeks ago to ask if they kept the recordings of their shows. I didn't go into much detail, but said I saw some crazy stuff on May 8th, and wondered if they had saved the tapes.  He said sometimes but only for special or memorable stuff.  I turned on the station and listened as they discussed, and their news guy or someone remembered the calls from that show.  They said they were just helicopters doing training, and then one guy said I saw one of those new, big bombers!  Well guess what?  On Oct 2,2013,  My wife and I, and a friend I called, because I was so excited, watched one of those big,just a wing, bombers, fly by our house three times!!! In broad daylight!!!  One of the coolest things I ever saw!  It had a blinking light.  I'll take a lie detector test for all I've said here.  Thank You;45.3376;-84.2176
