Organic E.T. Craft;2012-04-29 21:22:00;30-60 seconds;Organic E.T. Craft On Sunday April 29, 2012, I was visiting my mother at her apartment complex in Kingwood, Texas that is just outside of Houston.   During this part of the year, Texas was experiencing a drought, and on this night, we caught our first rain and thunderstorm in long while.  After the storm passed, I decided it would be the best time to leave as it was getting late.  I was walking alone in the open parking lot when I looked over to my east at two tall trees.  Above these trees, I noticed what I believed to be at the time a large plastic bag in the sky, white but more like a boomerang shaped.  I then realized that the object was far too large to be any plastic bag and moved at greater speed.   My mind then confirmed it to me an elaborate kite.  I thought to myself that has to be one of the best kites I have ever seen, not to mention the biggest.  However the object moved at a greater speed then any kite, as it began to approached me I realize it was not a kite but so! mething otherworldly. In my head I kept hearing, this is not supposed to be here, things like this just do not exist.  It was then that this object was directly over my head.  It was purely organic, meaning the being itself acted like its own craft.  The closest thing I can compare it too would be like a centipede slithering the sky like a snake in a side-to-side motion.  It was white but it not seem like it had a definite shape to it.   As far as its composition, it looked as if it could be made out of some kind of plasma strands meshed together.  It had these tentacle-like arms reaching out with blue orbs connected to the ends of these arms.   This being would be close to a half a football field in length.  It flew just above the cloud line, which would be significantly lower because of the stormed. Above this creature was a smaller craft that looks exactly like the tip of a number two pencil, charcoal black, and roughly the size of a 747 jet engine.  This smaller craft, I am guessing, could only staff one or two individuals at the most or possibly unmanned.  This smaller black craft was emitting a blue LED looking light onto the organic entity as if was releasing this being into our skies, or projecting it as hologram.  Both the organic being and the tip-pencil shape object traveled at a speed much slower than an airplane, as it seemed like both were gliding through the sky.   The only sound I heard can be described as waves at the beach.  This sound was faint and I cannot exactly confirm if this entity was producing this sound or if I was hearing it in my head. 	 I believe these too be extraterrestrial in nature verses governmental as I have never seen anything on this planet that can resemble what I saw, however one cannot rule out the idea of Project Blue beam.   The entire incident lasted between 9:20 pm -9:22 pm.  I do not know exactly how long I was viewing both E.T.s but I defiantly know that the incident ended at 9:22 pm.  As I believe that this being was extraterrestrial, I can say I felt that it knew I was watching it.  I do not know if it was somehow feeding off the thunderstorm as it seemed to be going in the same direction, or if this was merely observing humans.  Since this encounter, I have had nightmares at least once a week involving this entity.;30.0529;-95.1782999999998
