Bright light over house and yard.;2012-12-06 19:30:00;5 seconds;Bright light over house and yard.  500 Lights On Object0: Yes I was sitting on my back porch and a &quotvery&quot bright light lit up my entire house and yard.  The lights in the house flickered.  The light was solid and no buzzing noises as a transformer would have done. I did put into consideration a transformer acting up and looked at Pacific powers website for outage. Their was an outage that night somewhere in the city, (I live 5 miles out in the country) and didn't thing anything of it until now... Days later. A month ago I saw two UFO's, two different days back to back.  And both days I smelled something extremely inviting.  Like am amazing perfume smell which nothing in this area can produce.  What got my attention was what this smell opened me up to.  It made me feel like I could except anything to come into my life.. without fear. Anyways, this light I didn't really think about until now.  For some reason I know it was a test. A test to see if I'm ready to meet these aliens.  It made me jump when it lit up the yard.  It was solid and non-flickering. It was white and not green or yellow like transformers are known to do. But the most interesting thing now is what's happening to my time, my life, right now.  Something has changed drastically and I can't put my finger on it. I don't jump to conclusions, but something is wanting o connect with me, and they want to make that connection as soon as possible.  But wont be effective until I become use to it.;44.8468;-123.1901
Independence Or Orange Light Ball UFO;2014-02-05 20:10:00;2 minutes;Independence Or Orange Light Ball UFO I heard the sound of an airplane so I looked up but I saw an orange ball of light that I barely even noticed!  The sound from the airplane faded however this object moved slow and must have been very close.  I just got the feeling it was very close.  Within 2000 ft from me if I had to guess but im sure it was closer.   The object moved like a helicopter drone and made no noise.  I wonder how the object can see considering thereis a freeze rite now in there are thick clouds.  I took a little cell phone video for myself but the object is probably not to visible in the low light of the night.   Keep in mind this object was a very bright ball of orange light and appeared to just hover or float across the sky until it graduelly faded away into the distance of the clouds.;44.8468;-123.1901
