Rocket-like craft with centered- tail- trail over Willamette Valley, Oregon;2010-07-23 20:00:00;5 minutes;Rocket-like craft with centered- tail- trail over Willamette Valley, Oregon It was a clear, still-light, evening. I was out watering the yard & caught sight of movement in the sky. Very high, but not as high as the commercial airliners, was a craft moving very quick across the sky. At times it glinted in the sunlight...shining as if shiney silver, but too high to make out shape.  It had a tail coming out the center end (directly behind), white...but the tail dissipated (unlike the commercial jets that leave a white trail in the sky..that comes from both sides, behind the wings). The tail was about 7 times the length of the vehicle. I have seen satellites, the space station in orbit...this was not like anything I've seen....easily visible.  It kept a straight path and steady speed...disappearing at the horizon. This was not an airplane..it had more of a rocket-like shape. There was NO sound at all...when it's quiet I can hear the commercial jets sometimes...& I heard nothing.;44.8468;-123.1901
Two bright red/orange lights moving straight up, they were not in line but moving at the same speed and distance from each other.;2012-12-29 19:00:00;~5 minutes;Two bright red/orange lights moving straight up, they were not in line but moving at the same speed and distance from each other. Okay me and my little brother were playing soccer in Independence, Oregon and towards the south about 2 miles away we saw 2 red/orange lights pulsating the lights did not turn off and on, they just got brighter and dimmed, I really don't know exactly how far apart they were but the one that was higher looked about a mile high from the ground and the one below it was about half way and they were rising from the horizon, at first I thought they were to planes but they were not moving towards us they were moving straight up we looked at them for about 5 minutes until they faded out of sight I've never seen anything like this and I didn't believe in UFO's unless somebody knows what this was or seen anything like it feel free to email me if you've seen this, also they didn't appear to be straight up and down one was more off to the side but they were moving at the same speed and place but moving straight up. Also I looked to see if there was any stars in the direc! tion of the thing but I did not see any so the thing must have been really bright I don't know if that means anything but that's what I observed. And sorry I did not have a camera on me to take pictures but I wish I did to show exactly what me and my brother saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.8468;-123.1901
