Bright yellowins green extrmely fast cirular object leaving a light trail as it traveled upward out of sight;2000-06-21 23:15:00;1min;Bright yellowins green extrmely fast cirular object leaving a light trail as it traveled upward out of sight The object seen was a circular object seen in the eastern skies.  IT was a bright yellowinsh green color.  Its motion was faster then any of us had ever seen before, the object travel back and forth and an extrodinary speed.  At this point a spot light of great magnitude could have been the result but as we continued to watch this object in the sky it began to move faster, it mad 2 or 3 quick moments upward, then a great burst of speed it took off upward into the sky.  It had a light trail and left what seemed to be a vapor trail.  By our understanding, the only possible way somethign is able to leave a light trail is if it is traveling the speed of light or beyond, but not positive about that fact.  Me as well as the other witnesses have pnndered the sighting and an ufo is the only reasonable thing that we ahve agreed on.;44.3331;-93.9845
A bright glowing orange circular object streaked from West to East in the late evening sky, leaving a wide light colored trail behind.;2013-09-11 22:20:00;1 minute;A bright glowing orange circular object streaked from West to East in the late evening sky, leaving a wide light colored trail behind. The time and date are easy to recall, as I was listening to my radio on this historic date, in my tent in the back yard by the garden.  I glanced out the doorway to see if my cat was still sitting there, while waiting for my cell phone alarm to go off to remind me it was time to give my dog his meds and let my dog boarding clients out to potty for the night.  A bright light through the trees to the West caught my eye, and I wondered if it could be a helicopter search light looking for an escaped patient, as the regional treatment center for the mentally ill is about 5 miles away, and not an uncommon event.  A cargo plane headlight also came to mind, but there was no noise, so I ruled both out.  Suddenly a well defined circular object streaked by moving to the East.  It was a very bright glowing orange, like a pumpkin.  It left behind a wide light trail, almost as wide as it was.  It appeared to me, to be about the size of 5 bright planets (such as Venus) in ! the sky put together.  It was too quick to determine any dimension.  Unfortunately, my tent blocked any further viewing from my position, but I did get out to look around in the sky and farm fields in the area, seeing nothing.  It was not a Chinese lantern, as I have seen several of those launched by friends.  It also was not a typical shooting star, as I have known.  While surprised at this incident, I was not shocked, as I saw a group of 3 bright  glowing round objects about 5 years ago, while down at the barn late evening...during the summer.  They were very low in the sky, lined up next to each other, silent, and appeared maybe a mile or two away.  They hovered for about 5 minutes and then jetted off to the North very quickly and out of sight.  This scared me after a short while, so I ran up to the house....as after staring at them I felt like they had some odd hold on me.  Several neighbor men saw a craft over the lake just down the road to the north of us about a half mile, about a year ago.  It was typical saucer shaped with windows and lights.  So I guess I am not the only one in the area who has seen unusual things in the sky.;44.3331;-93.9845
