object with trail behind it slowly moves across sky to north and then abruptly shoots off in its continuing direction to the north.;2001-12-01 22:26:00;15 seconds;object with trail behind it slowly moves across sky to north and then abruptly shoots off in its continuing direction to the north. I was driving south on a poorly lit sidestreet in St. Peter, giving me a good view of the clear night sky.  I looked up to the south sky, and I saw what I had believed to be a meteor.  I saw an orange light, but was unable to make out any definite shape.  There was a trail behind it, much like you would see behind a comet.  I knew it was not a meteor, because it was moving slowly from south to north.  After about 5-10 seconds of this phenomenon moving slowly across the sky, it shot off in it's continuing direction towards the north.  There was no sound emitted by the craft, nor any ensuing sonic boom.  I got out of my car to get a better look, but by that time it was gone.  I also noticed two airplanes passing by the area where the event had occurred.  I have no knowledge as to what kind of aircraft they were, or whom they belonged to.  I talked to several other people in the general vicinity whom had viewed the same event.  We speculated what it may have been, and came up with a few things- possibly a fighter jet?  A satellite re-entering the atmosphere? An experimental aircraft?  We had exhausted the possiblilites, and then gave caution to the idea that it may very well have been an UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witness is describing the re-entry event that occurred at approximately 2120 hrs. (Mountain) on Saturday, December 01, 2001.  Please see following URL for details:  <http://science.nasa.gov/headlines/y2001/ast03dec_1.htm?list49634>.  PD));44.3331;-93.9845
3 glowing dual colored lights above southern Minnesota town;2004-11-08 20:15:00;10-15 min;3 glowing dual colored lights above southern Minnesota town This was typed about 20-30 min after the sighting. The city is located in a river valley. Slightly above the far side of the valley, I looked out my window, and say two very bright lights, one slightly, though directly above above the other. After watching, a third one appeared above and slightly to the left of the other two. Then the lowest one started to move to the left, and unfortunately it dissapeared behind some trees. I (being in the top floor of a dorm) tried to run to get a better view, but the other two twinkled out. At that time, it reminded me of a video I have seen that was taken from above a town it New Mexico or Colorado (I don't remember, but it was the one that many people caught on tape, and the military said that they were very bright burning flares). I then saw where the three lights were, there appeared three red lights. As I saw these, they slowly went together and after being one red light for a short time (1-2 sec) it dissapeared.;44.3331;-93.9845
Bright light bigger than Venus, bobbing around in the S sky at sunset for several minutes.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly Jupiter?  PD));2017-05-31 21:20:00;3 minutes;Bright light bigger than Venus, bobbing around in the southern sky at sunset for several minutes I am a retired medical assistant.  Last evening, I was taking photos of the sunset from the end of our property, along the county road.  Upon turning around to walk back to the house, I noticed the moon just up over the trees across the road, so took a photo of that as well.  This has become a routine for me to do after I let the dogs out and give their meds, each night at 9.  It is also part of my exercise strategy to lose weight by doing something fun.   As I continued to walk home, I noticed immediately- a very bright light straight south in the sky, under 45 degrees or so (I am not the best at calculating that). and guessing it to be under 5 miles away.  At first I figured it was a plane going to the small airport a bit more to the West.  However, the lights did not change direction, there were no red or green ones visible to me like they typically have, it was too big to be a plane, and there was no noise.   Then I noticed it was bobbing around a little, l! ike a pulsation type movement.  My next thought was that it was Venus rising, but thought I surely would have noticed it while letting the dogs out before, and it seemed a lot bigger than a planet or a star.  A sudden excitement came over me as I realized this was most likely some sort of UFO!  For about 3 minutes I stood in wonder watching it, until I remembered I had my camera in my hand, so I took a quick photo.  Unfortunately, I was in such a hurry to run back to the house to have my housemate come out and see it, I only took that one shot.  Movement often blurs and I am not the best at night photography, so figured a photo would not turn out well.  By the time we got back out to the road, it was gone.  The photo shows 3 apparent lights, right next to each other, perhaps touching.;44.3331;-93.9845
