Discus shape object color changes, landed disrupted radion communication.;1970-06-24 22:00:00;20 minutes;Discus shape object color changes, landed disrupted radion communication. My dad related this story many times over the years. I will relay it as accurately as possible. In 1970  Dad was a city police officer in the small town in southeastern, Ky.  He was on duty one night when he received a radio call from the only other officer on duty to meet.  The other officer was patrolling the other side of town. They subsequently met and the other officer told my father that he was very tired, and didn’t think he could stay awake any longer.  Dad told him to go get a nap and he would cover his patrol.  He told him to go to what at the time was an open field just outside town. He told the other officer to head that way and he would follow him to make sure he found the place and made it ok. While following him in his own patrol car, they both noticed a bright light appear in the sky ahead of them.  It grew steadily brighter and it became clear that it was heading toward them.  Dad yelled over the radio, “It’s going to hit you!”  He said he was sure it was going to take the lights off his partner’s car, however it just missed.  The object flew over behind a line of trees and landed.  All this time, they were talking back and forth over the radio. They stopped, got out and begin to approach the object.  My father told many times how frightening this was, and how when his partner drew his weapon he was shaking so bad he could hear the bullets rattle in the cylinder.  Dad told him to put it away before he let it off and hurt one of them, and that it would most likely be of no use. They approached within 35-40 yards of the object.  It was sitting flush on the ground.  There was no apparent landing gear.  It was discus (Olympic) shaped, about 25-30 feet wide, and 15 feet or so thick at the center.  It made no sound.  It omitted mostly white light from the entire object very much like a fluorescent light bulb, however there were different colors swirling within.  They were about to try to get closer when it lifted up completely silently above the tree tops, paused for moment and then took off in a flash straight up and out of sight. They decided not to make a formal report out of fear they would not be believed and be ridiculed. He said the “strangest” part of the entire incident was while they were talking car to car when they first sighted the object, dispatch never heard any of it, and in fact wanted to know why neither of them had been responding. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));37.2963076923077;-83.1913230769231
