3 people in Abilene, TX observe star-like object performing normally physically impossible maneuvers in night sky.;1995-07-15 00:00:00;2 hours;3 people in Abilene, TX observe star-like object performing normally physically impossible maneuvers in night sky. I had been sitting on the front porch here in Abilene, Texas, in July of 95, with my wife and one of my employees, enjoying a pleasant conversation, when I decided to walk out to the end of our sidewalk to stretch my back and legs, leaving them chatting on the couch on the front porch. Once I reached the end of the sidewalk, I looked up and noticed how bright and beautiful the stars were, so, it being such a nice, warm summer evening, I decided to lay on my back on the end of the sidewalk, and to watch the stars for awhile. After laying there for only a few minutes, I thought I saw something move out of the corner of my eye, up in the sky, perhaps a shooting star, so I moved my gaze over to where I thought I saw it.   After only a few seconds, I saw a star suddenly start to move in a very birarre pattern, in an area about the size of a silver dollar, held at arm's length.  It moved within that area for about 10 to 30 seconds, then stopped.   When I looked away from it, and then looked back, it looked so much like any other star, that I could not differentiate it from any other star I had been seeing, so much so that I couldn't even tell if I was looking at the object that had moved, or if I was seeing a star. When the star moved, it did not accelerate the way everything else I had ever seen had and when it came to a stop, it did not slowly decelerate, either.  When it moved, it was instantly going full speed, and when it stopped, it just stopped.  There was no speeding up or slowing down.  It was either moving at full speed, or it wasn't.   And when it turned or changed direction, it did not do so with a curving movement it just suddenly changed directions, often changing it's direction of movement 45, 90, even 180 degrees, going back the direction it had come from! After performing these movements for 30 seconds or so, it would stop for about that same length of time, and then start moving again. After seeing that happen a couple of times, the reality of what I was seeing, that I was definately seeing a genuine UFO, so overwhelmed me, that I actually wondered if I was losing my mind!  So much so that it actually scared me! I needed someone else to tell me if they were seeing this too, so I got up and, unbelievably calmly and quietly asked my wife if she would mind walking out to the end of the sidewalk with me.   She did, and when we got to the end of the walk, I turned my back to where Pete was up on the porch, 40 feet away, and told her, Honey, I want to ask you something, and when you answer me, no matter what you have to say or how you feel, I want you to WHISPER your answer to me, and I don't want you to make ANY kind of movements with your arms or hands, or even your head, that Pete can see from up there on the porch.  In fact, I am going to stand with my body between you and Pete, and if you have any pointing to do, be sure my body is between the two of you so that he cannot see you. (I am a full head taller than her, and wider.)  Do you understand? She said yes, so without looking up or pointing, I told her, I want you to look up into the sky, where the stars are, right directly above my head, but do it very casually to where Pete won't notice, and I want you to tell me if you see anything unusual, but remember!  Do not SAY or do anything that Pete could hear or see. I stood very, very close to her, doing my best to block Pete's view of her, and she began to search the sky above us.  After about 20 seconds she started to say, Honey, I don't know what you're wanting me to see, cause I'm not seeing anything..., and just as the last word was leaving her mouth, I saw her eyes get big, and a very excited, stunned look come on her face, and knew she had seen it too, so I very quickly whispered, shhhhh! Don't say it! Whisper it in my ear! I leaned over and put my ear close to her mouth, and she whispered, with trembling and excitement in her voice:  A star!  There's a STAR moving around in a very weird way!  It's zipping around, changing directions, and not speeding up or slowing down!  I told her, take my hand, and with your finger, trace out the pattern that it is making.  And she drew the exact patterns on my hand that I had seen the star make. With great relief, having been reassured that I was not going insane, I whispered thank you to her, and told her that I was going to call Pete out and go through the same thing with him, and for her to be very careful not to give him any verbal or visual ques whatsoever as to what we had seen, or what we wanted him to look for. To make a long story short, I repeated this same test with Pete, and he too, went through almost the same exact stages that my wife had gone through at first not seeing anything, and then the sudden realization that he, too, was seeing something like nothing else he had ever seen in his life! We watched that object for a couple of hours, as it performed maneuvers in a certain area of the sky, about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length, and then, after doing that for several minutes, it would suddenly make a long jump over to another part of the sky, where it would repeat the same or similar maneuvers that we had seen it do, in the location it had just left. We all feel absolutely sure that this object was a long ways outside of any atmosphere surrounding our planet, and while it certainly appeared to actually be as far away as the stars themselves, especially when the objected stopped, I realize it was probably actually between the earth and the stars, probably far closer to earth, than to the stars, although when the craft stood still, it looked so much like all the stars, that there was NO way you could tell if you were looking at a star, or at the craft!  (I have a feeling that this was deliberate on the part of some body!) We watched it for perhaps two hours, during which time it slowly made it's way from almost straight overhead, to towards the southeast.  (My wife says it moved towards the southWEST.)  We watched it for so long that we could no longer stay awake, having all of us put in a hard work week, and seeing that it was apparently going to do nothing but continue what we had been seeing it do for the past two or three hours, my wife and I went in and to bed, and Pete went home.   Even now, years later, we still sometimes watch for it to reappear, as we are sure and hope that it will. Since then, I visit endless websites and listen to Coast To Coast AM and other programs almost every single day, hoping to hear about others who have seen a similar object, and every now and then, I do!   In fact, I read of someone seeing what is apparently the same exact object, only YESTERDAY, October 16, 2003, on the National UFO Reporting website, and so I felt prompted to also post my report of this similar sighting. In conclusion, I'd like for it to be known that I am 50 years old, that I was born on an Air Force Base, that I have been a student pilot, and have attended dozens of air shows, and have watched many television programs about air craft, but I have never, ever seen anything that could even remotely do the kinds of things that this craft did!   Unless the pilot of the vehicle had some kind of survival gear light years ahead of anything we have now, there is no way a human could have survived the instantaneous application of g-forces that were obviously applied to the body of the vessel's pilot, (if it even had one!)   And obviously, the craft itself had to be light years ahead of anything we have now. Having been a communications technician, and always being strongly interested in these kinds of things, I would dearly love to have the opportunity to work with, and hopefully even to take a ride in, one of these vehicles, some day! PS: Abilene is the home of Dyess Air Force Base, the home of the B1 bomber, and this incident happened about 3 miles from the base, but over East Abilene, not over the base.  I have, however, since seen a missile like object, during the Gulf War, take off from the area north of Dyess, go apparently to the edge of the atmosphere, and arc over, then to head east towards the general direction of the Middle East.;32.4348803571428;-99.7339745535714
