Two atvs followed by a hovering blue light.;2000-02-15 01:30:00;about 1 minute;Two atvs followed by a hovering blue light. At about 1:30 am, 2 friends and i were riding atvs on a remote fire road in a wooded area about 3 miles from town when i noticed a bright blue light behind me. At first i didnt think anything of it but i realized there was no one behind me.  As we rode at about 15 miles an hour the light hovered above us. Im not sure how long it stayed above us but if i guessed id have to say  15 - 30 seconds.  Then the light accelerated extremely fast ahead of us. When it got ahead of us it rocketed to the left then back to the center of the skyline dissapearing in front of us. Its hard to describe the intensity of the light but it was extremely bright.  Also, im not sure how high the light was above us.  (if i was going to make an accurate guess id saw about 250 yards when it was hovering and i couldn't estimate how high it was when it accelerated away).  The light accelerated faster than any airplane could as it crossed the skyline in a matter of seconds it was like the speed of a shooting star or a meteorite.  It also cornered very quickly  when it changed directions( first to the left then back to the center) I dont think any aircraft is capable of that type of cornering.  After the light disappeared my friend ahead of me (about 20 yards) stopped to let me catch up.  Before i could ask if he saw it he said what the hell was that. I was glad he saw it too.  My friend that was on the back of the atv with me witnessed it also.  All 3 of us had the same description of the sighting. I have no idea what the light was but i am positive it was not an aircraft of any type or a meteorite or shooting star.  The way the light accelerated and turned was not possible by man or nature.  I would also like to add that there was no other visible light of any kind except my headlight and the one on the vehicle in front, a big difference from the intense blue light.  This was a remote and wooded area not easily accessible. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.8088;-76.1415
A brief thick streak heading downward of greenish/blueish light in Schuylkill County PA.  ((NUFORC Note:  Meteor??  PD));2009-09-20 00:45:00;3 seconds;A brief thick streak heading downward of greenish/blueish light in Schuylkill County PA. A brief thick streak heading downward of greenish/blueish light.  It was not thin like a shooting star.  It wasn't as fast as that either. ((NUFORC Note:  Meteor??  PD));40.8088;-76.1415
