The Lights Over the Great Salt Lake and West Desert;2011-05-04 21:30:00;25 minutes;The Lights Over the Great Salt Lake and West Desert On Wednesday, May 4, 2011 at approximately 9:30pm on my return home from the gym I parked my car in my driveway facing towards the western sky.  I was talking to a friend on my phone when I noticed in the dark bluish skies a stationary changing light.  It was quite familiar to me, because over the past couple of years family members and I have seen these lights.  But, the difference this time was that these lights were much closer than previous sightings. I quickly ended my phone conversation and ran inside to tell my Father and grab my new camera (Canon Powershot ELPH 300 HS) that I had purchased about a week previous.  Both of us went to the back porch overlooking the Great Salt Lake and Antelope Island.  I attempted to take a still picture of the object, but was unable to capture anything visible.  Not having used my video feature yet, I tried recording a video which I did with much better success. I recorded six segments of video on my camera from lengths of about 1:30 to 8:00 minutes long.  We both made observations on the closeness of the object (approximately 75 miles from our location).  Because of the closeness of the object we could see a better view of the rotating lights and movement  of the craft from previous sightings. We could see the distinct rotation of the craft that made it look like a tumbling Rubix's cube.  It seemed to stay stationary in the night sky.  If there was movement it was slight and westward.  The lights on the object changed frequently between reds, blues, oranges and greens.  It looked as though it was moving in a Disco light fashion, very fast and very rapid.  Occasionally the middle of the object would pulsate into a black circle and then retract. We observed this object for approximately 25 minutes until the light got more and more faint into the night sky.  We couldn't determine if the object was moving westward over the Great Salt Lake or Dugway Testing Center.  But, there were no sudden movements or set orbit during those 25 minutes.  We couldn't imagine this was an aircraft even though the Salt Lake International Airport and Hill Air Force base are nearby.  We ruled out a planet, because of the tumbling rotation and brilliant lights.  It could easily be a drone observing something, possibly towards the Dugway Testing Center?    Whatever it was we have been seeing this object over the west skies of the Great Salt Lake and Dugway Testing Center the past couple of years.  Nothing as close as we saw on the night of May 4, 2011.   I would love any logical explanation.;40.8793606382978;-111.868767021276
