Witnessed A Black Triangle Craft Over Utah;1996-07-15 00:35:00;20 seconds;Witnessed A Black Triangle Craft Over Utah Hello Peter:  In the mid summer of 1996 & 1997 I witnessed three separate sittings of a Black Triangle Craft above my home town of Bountiful, which is ten miles north of Salt Lake City, Utah.  A large Air Force Base (Hill Field), is located just fifteen miles North of Bountiful City, and another fourth-five miles West of Salt Lake (Dugway Proving Grounds), although I’ve never thought these facilitys were related to the sittings,  The first sitting was approximately around the middle of July in 1996, at about 12:35am MST.  I was twenty years old at the time, standing outside my family’s home in Bountiful in the company of three friends socializing.  As an avid star gaze in the hot summer nights, I took a short moment to gaze up at the stars, when my eyes had caught the attention of something out of place.  Looking around I notice an object blacking out the night sky.  After a few seconds my eyes were able to adjust and focus to the description of a Black Triangle Craft.  The Craft was traveling in a South direction taking it right over the Utah State Capital Building and Down Town Salt Lake City Area.  The altitude here in Bountiful is approximately 4,500 ft above sea level, and the Black Triangle Craft appeared to be another 2,000 ft above ground level, thus easily clearing the small mountain range that separated Bountiful from the down town Salt Lake City area.   Although this Craft could have been at a much higher altitude thus causing me to have a limited ability to give a true description of size, it appeared to have a wing span greater of 200 yards.   I was however able to see the bottom of this Craft was flat, and it appeared to have some unknown design or odd markings that spread over the entire surface.  There was no lights that could be seen, for this Craft was completely black and passed right over the top of me without ever making a sound.  The Black Triangle Craft seemed to glide across the midnight sky, and gave a real strange feeling of something foreign to this world and the technologies we posses. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.8793606382978;-111.868767021276
