Redish-Orange light, zigzag movement, no sound.. VERY STRANGE;2002-06-07 22:30:00;5:00;Redish-Orange light, zigzag movement, no sound.. VERY STRANGE I was with my girlfriend, we were walking across the street - it was one of the first days of the warmer weather in the summer so while enjoying the night I looked up at the sky before getting into my car.  I noticed I strange redish-orange light blinking in the sky.  I poked at my girlfriend at pointed at what I was seeing in the sky and she freaked out when I said it could be a UFO.  We turned our heads and browsed the rest of the sky noticing there were two other identical lights flashing in the sky.  They all had the same characteristics - they would move suddenly, then flash the redish-orange color.  No other colors were witnessed.  The two seemed to pair up, and then move in a strange manner across the sky - one that I believe convential aircraft could not make.  I can almost best describe it as a zigzag motion.  The third object continued on it's past in the opposite direction until it too was out of site.  No sound was ever hear from any of these lights.  The first two seemed to be relatively far away, but the third object did not appear to be a great distance from where we were standing.  Strangely, neither one of us heard anything from that object either. The most intersting part of this experience was yet to come.  We drove down the road briefly to go and get some ice cream from the grocery store down the road.  We we came back to my home, we drove down to the end of the road where it is a dead end and you can turn your car around.  On the way back up the road towards my house we were looking in the sky to see if we say anything.  Within just a minute my girlfriend pointed her hand up at the sky and so I pulled the car over.  We both saw what could be best decribed as an object of some sort, what now more clearly appeared to be a red flashing light, with a steady white light.  My girlfriend is insists that the object was triangular shaped with the white light on the top, red light on the bottom.  We drove, pulled over, and watched the object until it was out of sight.  Interestly enough a couple other red lights, with white flashing lights came into site by the end of this - there was an obvious distinction between the two sets of lights.  Small planes are easy to pick out in the night sky, the patterns of red, and flashing white lights on the wings is normal for this area.. but I must say whatever I saw tonight did not appear to be of the norm, althought I cannot be for sure.  All I am now left to do is wonder..;41.0139;-74.3353
