Green Fireball moving from left to right and then descended moved at a very fast pace no sound.;2007-07-15 01:00:00;7 seconds;Green Fireball moving from left to right and then descended moved at a very fast pace no sound. My husband and I were outside on our deck talking and we were amazed at how bright the stars were that night.  We were ready to go in then he encouraged me to stay out a little longer so I did all of the sudden the sky lit up in a neon green. This is the best way to describe the color...I have never seen anything so bright in my life.  In fact it was so bright that I saw it coming behind the garage before we could actually see it.  I said what is that and then all the sudden we saw the fireball.  We live in a less poulated area so it is dark at night time.  It was the weirdest thing that I think I have ever felt and the coolest thing I have ever seen.  I kept saying did you see that?  Finally my husband said yes.  We just thought it was a weird metor or something.  We were kind of embarrased to tell anyone.  I am posting this because I was on the cnn site looking at the UFO thing that happened in Texas and came across other people that have seen green fireballs.  It kind of made me think I was not crazy after all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.4647;-72.688
Strange sounds and aircraft that suddenly disappeared in the sky after seeing it.;2015-05-06 01:15:00;10;strange sounds and aircraft that suddenly disappeared in the sky after seeing it. I woke up to a horrible sound like an animal being electrocuted, then a loud sound like an jet starting.   It was completely dark in the house and I looked outside and saw lights and a craft of some sort fly by faster than any aircraft I've ever seen. there we're 3 lights that were shining and it seems to have a fireball behind it right before it disappeared into the air. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Possible hoax, we wonder??  PD));41.4647;-72.688
