White orb that turned into cross like light.;2016-04-15 22:13:00;4 minutes;White orb that turned into cross like light. My husband and I live near an open field that faces Goleta Airport.  We just moved here not long ago and I have seen 3 sightings of strange objects at night near the airport.  Two of the sightings contained a white orb.  It hovered in the center of two trees, went to the right, and then back to the center and stayed for a couple minutes before lowering into the tree line where I could no longer see it.  This happened on two separate nights.   On 4/15 the orb then turned into a cross like shape.  This time I had my husband look at it, and we were both watching in amazement because it was clearly not an airplane.  I can’t determine whether it was “alien”, but it was definitely an unidentified flying object. There were two other incidents that were different but still not explainable.  About a month prior (3/25) my mother came to visit and went outside to smoke before bed (around midnight).  She asked me to come outside and look at the sky.  I can’t explain it, and have never seen anything like it in my entire life.  Over one section of the sky above my house, the sky was lit up like daylight and had a pink hue to it.  It was cloudy and bright/pinkish in color.  The rest of the sky was completely clear and pitch black.  We were both so disturbed by it that we went inside. The last event was at around 13:00 on 4/2/16 and I saw another strange object in the tree line.  This looked like a craft with two lights.  One white light was on each side and that was all I could see.  I woke my husband up and we watched this craft just hover without moving for a few minutes between the trees.  Then is slowly stayed in a straight line and moved to the right until it was out of our view. I am unsure of what is going on around here.  I stay up late, and look outside often because I have floor to ceiling windows and doors in every room.  I have never seen so many strange occurances in such a short period of time.  I wonder if there are experiments going on at the airport? I can’t imagine that being the case because it is public airport, but I have no other way to explain what could be going on.;34.42712;-119.86104
