bright light sits still, moves slow, dims out into outerspace!  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Sirius??? PD));2007-01-01 04:20:00;forever;bright light sits still, moves slow, dims out into outerspace! just about every time I look up now...... a bright white light really high, dimming and getting brighter for different periods of time. Sometimes they just cruise with there lights down low then they will flash you with a bright light. Its like they have a dimmer switch inside and they slowly increase the brightness of the craft. They fly in and out of the atmosphere and are always up there watching......... they sit still or move slow or fast, whatever they will. I think its pretty cool... maybe we will all get to meet them some day... soon? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.42712;-119.86104
Bright light: - no visible object - near skyline - travellilng north to south. One observer, night. the light went out and on again.;2015-08-10 22:15:00;Seconds to minutes;Bright light: - no visible object - near skyline - travellilng north to south. One observer, night. the light went out and on again. Thanks for this service. Surroundings:  Goleta Beach State Park, between 10:10 pm PST and perhaps 10:30 – not sure of the exact time.  (No watch.) This park is on the ocean, and also within approx. 1 or 2 miles of the local airport. I was facing the ocean, which is southerly here, looking towards the west. I was on a bicycle and riding slowly. There was – I’m not sure now – I believe a small plane behind me it was headed out toward the ocean, away from the airport, which is in the northern direction from the beach and the ocean. I believe this plane had flashing lights. Suddenly, directly above the horizon and relatively near -  a bright light came into view.  It was travelling at an unusual speed – not extremely fast and yet…steady, i.e., not slow.  This light flashed on very bright and NOT on a plane.  It then went out.  It then – within seconds – came on again.  And then…went out again.  This was from my left to my right – it travelled.  And also, it was headed north to south, towards the ocean. At first I thought the lights from the small plane had illuminated a seagull.  But it could not possibly have been.  It was flying too fast, and it was emitting its own light. Then,  I thought perhaps it was a comet.  However, it went out – which may have been like a comet.  But then it came on again. And then went out again. This happened the night before last night.  I was tired and did not have your call in number at home, when I arrived home.  Also, my tendency was to explain it away.  However, at the time, I kept telling myself.  “Look – this is different.  You have seen something that you don’t know what it is.”  Also, the lights from the plane…I don’t think they could have lit up a seagull.  Also, it was a little too fast for a seagull. To me, it was completely anomalous.  So, I made a note to write to you.  Unfortunately, I didn’t keep all of the details in my mind.  There was no visible craft – but it was its own light.  Anyway, if it was an object – such as a small meteor – I don’t understand how it could have gone out and then turned on again.  It was just not normal.  Thank you.;34.42712;-119.86104
