blue and green burning object - looked like a meteor, only (from my experience of meteors)  too low, too slow and blue green,;2006-11-07 23:30:00;1-3 seconds;blue and green burning object - looked like a meteor, only (from my experience of meteors)  too low, too slow and blue green, Hi, Thanks for this service. I believe this may be an explainable event, however, I do not understand it.  Above you use the word craft, which does not apply (that I know, anyway). About 11:30 pm, I was riding my bike on a bike path and saw a blue and green glowing (as on fire, except it was blue green) patch or object streak at a low angle.  Let me try to describe it another way.  I would have thought it was a meteor, and in many ways it acted like a meteor, except for the following :  1) The appearance or Burn started relatively low in the sky. I do not understand, if it was a meteor why it would be so low before it looked like it began to burn.  2) I know it was low in the sky, because the mountains here rise rather abruptly in this area. I was at sea level, and the mountains aer several thousand feet north of where I was - in front of where I was.  I had my bike helmet on, thus further obstructing the amount of overhead sky I could have seen. The object appeared - began to burn suddenly, as though it was just entering the atmosphere.  I hope this makes sense. However, the thing is, this occurred so low - it didn't make sense to me.  Also, the color - definitely blue and green.  At first I thought it must be like I've heard of frozen ice falling out of airplans because this area where I was biking is near the airport and near the flight path.  2) I went back the next night to the same spot to recreate what I would have been able to see from where I was riding, given my helmet, given the mountains, etc. 3) Also, perhaps meteors do this, I don't know...but it was at almost a horizontal path.  It was on a downward slope, but not a steep one, if this makes sense.  Also it was definitely between me and the mounts, for example. I know this for sure.  It seemed close.  4) Of course, something so unexpected, when time goes by, it's like you wish you could just rewind time so you could take better notes.   and also 5) it seemed a little too slow to be a meteor, especially one tha! t low. I mean, it happened quickly, in some ways, and yet, given how close it seemed, it seems to me if it was a meteor, it should have been moving faster. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));34.42712;-119.86104
shiny metal cluster of spheres over goleta;2007-02-04 13:00:00;10-20 minutes;shiny metal cluster of spheres over goleta I was intentionally looking in the sky for ufos and this was the first time I had seen these in the day time. I usually see them as lights at night, assuming they are the same ones...? At first I was watching a plane and then I notice a bright white dot behind it and I knew what it was. It started to move parallel to the mountains headed west I think, north bound if it was a car on the 101. It was so far away I could'nt really give you a distance but it was behind the plane and it was a small dot so I am assuming pretty far away, a mile maybe?? As I was watching that move across the sky from a stand still I saw another dot materialize in an area of the sky the first one had just crossed and started to watch the second one start to move west also. Then I noticed another one in a different part of the sky standing still. One of them dissapeared.... WOW!!!!!!!!! I called my mom over and she saw them too but barely... It was really hard to see them up there so unless you are looking for em or they get your attention they are very hard to see...  I frantically ran around looking for my cheap $20 binoculars. They magnify 10x25  so it wasn't much help but when I looked through them at one of the ufo's and it was close enough to see that it was definetly a very shiny metallic craft and it looked like a cluster of about three to five spheres!!!!!!!!!! this is truely amazing and I am so excited that they are coming here but for what reasons? I think we will all find out soon enough...........I hope... this world needs change!!! BADLY!!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.42712;-119.86104
Jet with landing lights traveling sideways.  ((anonymous report));2016-09-26 19:35:00;1 minute;Jet with landing lights traveling sideways. I was finishing dinner at the backyard table with my son and a friend's  son.  At 36* elevation looking NNE a flying object was traveling approximately 500 mph at 30K ft. or the radial ratio equivalent at an unknown altitude.  The trajectory was east, just touching on south.  This is directly toward Pt. Mugu from my location in Goleta.   The object had a front and rear light of equal brightness magnitude -5, brighter than Venus at maximum, amber in color.  There was no noise associated with the object.   At first it looked like a low flying jet with landing headlights traveling sideways.  I did not observe any flashing lights or the red and green wing lights so obvious to anyone on a flight path.  It did seem as though there were smaller lights in between the two large ones but I couldn't really tell.  The object ( lights) faded away after about one minute. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));34.42712;-119.86104
Four daylight orbs ascending.  ((anonymous report));2017-05-20 13:40:00;10 minutes;Four daylight orbs ascending Weather conditions are cloudless, minimal haze, 5 knot westerly wind.  While in between games at my daughter's softball tournament I had a very brief thought of the 12 different anomalous flying objects I witnessed over a nine week period last fall.  This thought prompted me to have a glance at the sky.  All I saw was blue sky and one jet ascending out of LAX.  A moment later I looked up again to the east and saw what at first thought seemed like four helium balloons ascending separately a few hundred feet apart at an estimated 500 feet elevation.three appeared white and one had a dark metallic color.  Their trajectories at first were consistent with helium party balloons.  After three or four minutes watching the objects had receded from orb shape to point light sources and three of the four collard a convergent path while the fourth remained at a distance.  It was at this point that I expected the objects to appear as black dots and plane out with the upper level! winds if they were balloons.  Instead they appeared more and more as light sources getting continuously further away.  After ten minutes of continuous watching the lights were not discernible. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.42712;-119.86104
