bright sphere seen over Goleta holding still for several mins. then moving slowly towards outterspace.;2005-07-14 20:15:00;5 minutes;bright sphere seen over Goleta holding still for several mins. then moving slowly towards outterspace. I looked out of my kitchen window and up into the sky where a large plane  happened to be flying very high up and I was thinking about chemtrails and thats when I saw a glimmer behind the plane. I havent seen chemtrails around for two months here but that afternoon there were a few over the mountains and thats why I had them on my mind. The glimmer was coming from what looked like a very bright orange, yellowish, golden sphere, that was very reflective and appeared to be changing colors. This thing was still for about 3 minutes and then slowly started drifting up and to the NE direction until it just disappeared into the sky. This isnt the first time I've seen UFO's over the Santa Barbara mountains.;34.42712;-119.86104
UFO Goleta Isla Vista Hovering Over The Ocean 1/5/20;2020-01-05 07:45:00;40 minutes;UFO Goleta Isla Vista Hovering Over The Ocean 1/5/20 On Sunday January 5th 2020 at about 7:45 PM. There was a white sphere hovering over the ocean. Object could be seen from the beach in Isla Vista and from the hills in Santa Barbara. Was neither The Moon nor Venus.  Object was not a plane landing at Santa Barbara Airport either.  Object seemed to hover for about 40-45 minutes and then proceeded to enter the ocean quickly and abruptly.  There was a plane flying around over Isla Vista doing several loops for about 20 minutes when this object was in the air.  That pilot might have been aware of the object and extremely likely the pilot witnessed the bright white sphere hovering out over the ocean.  We could not judge distance or size of the object due to the black night sky other than we can say it was over the ocean.  There is video footage of the object taken from the hills of Santa Barbara.  Unfortunately the person filming did not take good footage and the clip is short and at times out of focus.  Very curious if an! ybody else saw this object.  I have yet to find any info or reports on the object.  I am versed in astronomy, physics, and have flown planes.  When first observation of the object, we suspected a helicopter or plane, yet the characteristic of the high degree of intensity of the white light and silence factored a more curious examination.  Watching the object fly into The Ocean convinced me it was indeed a UFO of some sort.  I have combed the Internet for any reports of the object.  The only thing found was a youtube video that left much to be desired.  So I am logging this report into the database.;34.42712;-119.86104
