The black vehicle was there in front of me, then in a puff of smoke and it was gone.;2019-07-03 19:15:00;seconds;The black vehicle was there in front of me, then in a puff of smoke and it was gone. I was driving west on US Hwy 2 between the City of Ball Club and Bena MN. I was approaching a black vehicle and as I got closer it increased it's speed keeping pace with me. I was within 100 yards of the vehicle. It went into the oncoming lane of traffic and accelerated causing the rear of the vehicle to drop slightly. At that instant a VERY large cloud of white smoke filled the highway. I slowed my vehicle and turned toward the shoulder on the North side of the highway. As I went thru the cloud I expected to see the vehicle stopped or black marks on the road. Once I was in the Cloud I could see out, but it was still thick. I watched the ditch on the South side of the highway as well, but saw no evidence of the vehicle leaving the roadway. I expected to smell burnt rubber from the tires skidding or spinning on the highway, but there was no smell. As I came out of the Cloud I could see for a couple of miles as the highway was straight. There were vehicles ap! proaching from some distance to the front but no one going in my direction. I looked in my rear view mirror and there was another vehicle coming around the cloud on the north side also. I wanted to stop that vehicle to see what they saw and thought of the encounter, but I didn't feel comfortable with that of know how to get them to stop. All I can tell you about the vehicle is that it was a midsize black sedan. Nothing special at all about it. I couldn't rap my head around what I had just seen and for nearly an hour the hair on my arms stood straight on end. It was a very strange experience!! I didn't see it in the air or anything so maybe not connected to a UFO. The only other explanation I can conclude would be spiritual or a ghost if you will. No matter what I am still very freaked out and bothered by what I witnessed.;47.3477;-94.2519
