3 bright symmetric lights observed directly overhead moving NE to S.  Motion stopped lights changed color and disappeared overhead.;2016-07-21 22:18:00;40 seconds;3 bright symmetric lights observed directly overhead moving NE to S.  Motion stopped lights changed color and disappeared overhead. Thursday July 21, 2016, approximately 10:18pm, myself and 2 other friends were sitting out in my friends back yard.  It was a clear night and a near full Moon was rising higher in the sky to the East.   At this point the Moon was becoming brighter, and lighting up the night time sky.  We were sitting around enjoying the night air and conversation, as well as looking to the sky, as my friend and I are both avid stargazers.    We knew it was getting closer to the peak season for shooting stars/meteor showers  (Perseid Meteor showers peak Aug 11-12) ….  We always try to star-gaze on nice clear nights, and last night was a perfect night for it.   This time we had a 3rd friend (a newbie to stargazing). At approx.. 10:18 pm, we we’re looking to the skies, and our newbie friend spotted 3 bright white circular lights moving in unison.  At this point I did not see the 3 lights, but a few moments later, these 2 bright circular lights caught my eyes and attention.  They were relatively bright, especially for a night with a near full moon.   I said to my 2 friends, “What the heck are those 2 bright lights?  They are pretty close together and moving and are NOT blinking!!!!”    At this point our Newbie (female friend stated….”There are 2 now but there were 3 of them a moment ago!”….. I believe she saw 3 objects….. but I can only verify 2 that were seen by me. These (2) bright white objects kind of looked like very bright stars moving together in unison from the East North East sky towards the South…. But they were pretty much right straight up over head.  They were NOT moving at a high rate of speed…….  After a few moments of us observing these lights they stopped moving and changed color from bright white to an orange/pinkish color.  Both objects stopped and changed color at the same time…..then they dimmed/faded and were gone from our sight......  While we were looking straight up at them directly over our heads.  Remember it was a clear night.  NO CLOUD COVER at all!  What we witnessed was not the characteristics of any aircraft I’m familiar with.  These objects did NOT appear to be ascending or descending at any point in time during our observation.  Two of the three of us saw the exact same thing.  The third person had his back to the event and by the time he moved to the area we were standing to observe the 2 possibly 3 objects and vanished into the sky directly overhead!;40.1683;-74.6533
