Saucer-like object seen just south of Dover AFB.;1993-07-15 21:15:00;10-15 minutes;Saucer-like object seen just south of Dover AFB. I was driving south on South State Street (alternate Route 113) headed home toward Frederica.  I had just stopped at a traffic light at the intersection of South State Street (alternate Route 113) and Sorghum Mill Road located at Rising Sun.   My son, who was in the car with me, and I both saw an illuminated object that appeared to be close to the ground in the next town of 2 and 1/2 miles distance south on that road.  As the object was located along the road we were traveling, we continued to see it as drove along Alt Route 113.  Before entering the town of Magnolia, it became apparent the object hovered directly above trees in the center of the town.  Alternate Route 113 intersects the town and the Magnolia Fire station is located on the northbound side of alternate Route 113 at the intersection of Walnut Street. The object was hovering directly above trees and houses located behind the Magnolia fire station and along East Walnut Street.  The object was round, at least 900 feet in circumference.  The saucer had 3 sections, a dome, a middle section and a bottom section.  The dome-like top , had one large white or off-white light forming the top of the dome.  The center of the saucer had lights of varying colors that were oblong (almost square) in shape, with rounded corners.  These lights were either blinking or the center of the saucer was rotating.  I did not focus on them long enough to determine which.  The bottom  had off-white or light yellow lights that did not seem to blink or move.  The object was no more than 300 feet away from the road in front of the Magnolia fire department.  I did not hear any noise coming from the object and the trees below the object did not seem to be disturbed by any wind.  Just across from the fire station, facing south, there is a water tower.  The unidentified object was directly behind the fire station (facing east) and hovered lower than the water tower.  We were in clear sight of both the object and the water tower and there was absolutely no mistake that we were seeing an object other than the water tower.  I remember saying out loud to myself that I could not be seeing what I was seeing.  I also recall asking my son, who was 10 years old at the time, if he would mind if we stopped and took a closer look.  He seemed calm, but said he was scared and just wanted to go home.  As soon as we got home - about a 5 minute drive further south along blank road, my son asked if we could go back and take another look.  We had not even gotten out of the car yet and I immediately headed back.  The object was no longer there. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.0735;-75.5083
