Young woman see strange object with lights near home.;2010-03-05 01:40:00;6 minutes;Young woman see strange object with lights near home. I am a 25 year old female.  I stayed at my sister’s apartment while my car was being fixed last week.  On Friday, I got my car out of the shop but decided to stay at my sister’s to watch movies.  However, first I wanted to come home to feed my dogs and wash clothes.  These would take some time as I live deep in the country in Arkansas, near Memphis.  It usually takes me at least 15 mins. to reach my house from my sister’s apartment. I came home around 5-5:30, during dusk, and noticed this weird shape in the sky that did not move.  I didn’t think about it for long due to the fact it was kind of far away.  I came home, did my chores, and left for my sister’s apartment.  After watching movies (2012 and Zombieland), I started for home around 1 in the morning.  As I got closer to my house, I realized there was this strange light in the sky around a field.   Once again, I didn’t really pay attention.  I thought it was a lamppost. As I rounding the third curve, I saw the light right above the field near the Waverly Gin.  This really freaked me out.  I was the only car on the road, in the country, near a field.  I thought for sure this thing was a helicopter, crop duster, you know just trying to rationalize what I was seeing.  When I got to the curve where the Gin and field were, I started to slow down.  As I slowed, I literally saw a disk like shape with one light, like a flood, search light looking-thing, and two red lights on the side.  I rolled the window down to hear, you know, if this was a helicopter or what, and I heard nothing. I seemed to be hovering over a line of trees about 100 feet away.  When I slowed down, I sat there for about 30 seconds to figure out what this thing was.  As I sat there, I started to see it coming closer to me.  I freaked out and tried to get as far away as possible from this thing.  It started to follow me and did so for about a mile.  I started to look at the clock and at the road, a little back and forth motion, to make sure I was still at the right time.  I remember the time was 1:45 the last time I looked at the clock in the car.  After I rounded curve number 5, I was no more than a few hundred feet from my house and looked in the review mirror, out the sun roof, and both side mirrors and saw nothing. When I pulled up to my house, the next thing I noticed was the neighbor’s outdoor lights didn’t come on when my dogs ran into his yard barking insanely.  So that started to weird me out.  I sat in the car for 5 mins. looking everywhere I could outside my car to see if something was around, above, behind, or anywhere near.  I got out and tried to peek above the trees to see if I could see whatever it was I had just encountered.  I saw nothing.   For the past two nights I have been freaked out whenever I drive home because whatever it was a I saw was not a plane.;35.0811;-90.2572
