close sighting Mt. Sterling Ohio;1972-08-15 01:00:00;30 min;close sighting Mt. Sterling Ohio This is a  report of a sighting from 1972 I am unsure of the exact date however there should be a record of a newspaper clip verifying the date as well as an unknown witness inquiry. It was in the summer, august probably as I was home on leave from tech school in Rantoul, Illinois.  Just after basic training in the Air Force.  I lived in a small town in Ohio, Mt.Sterling, about twenty five miles south of Columbus. There is a small creek running through it called Deer Creek, now made larger by a dam project built there in the mid 70’s. While on leave from the Air Force my uncle, and two of my friends, and I  decided to go fishing near the bridge on the north end of town. There were stands of trees on either side of the creek bank and open farm fields beyond there. We had been there about 4 hrs camped out with the usual fishing gear and such when around midnight, one o’clock a large shape rose out from behind the trees. The object was approximately 200 feet or more long or I should say around with an indescribably blue light emitting from the bottom. It was the color of a welder arc but not painful to look at, it was more of intense glow than a light. The light or glow was probably 80%as large as the craft was. The craft made on sound and emitted no heat, nor air movement. It rose approximately 100 feet into the air, and stopped!  It did not wobble or move it just stopped. The craft stayed there for at least 10 minutes and then began to slowly rise increasing in speed the farther away it got.  Its assent was precisely vertical and continued until it was a pinpoint of light. And then it was gone. Needles to say we were all stunned at what had just happened and decided to make haste out of there. The next day the newspaper came out and a couple driving on the highway had placed an ad inquiring if anyone had seen anything strange in the sky that night. I was just in the air force, and project Blue book and UFO’s were being officially call swamp gas, so I did not report the sighting. Soon after that I returned to my Duty station in Fla. I have never spoken with the people I was with again, and do not know of there where abouts. So if you would like to track them down you would be welcome to. We were less than a hundred yards from this craft, I know of no other report that has been that close, I can understand folks seeing light and other such things at a distance. But we were so close that we had to restrain one of the younger members from throwing a rock at it. He would have hit it. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.7183;-83.2803000000001
