Classic inverted bowl shape with a periscope that extended underneath for observation;1974-09-14 03:00:00;30 seconds;Classic inverted bowl shape with a periscope that extended underneath for observation I was 8 years old when this happened. I got up in the middle of the night (around 3 AM)to grab a snack. The east-facing window of our house had the curtains open. I looked out the window and saw an orange light. I at first thought this was an airplane, but the light grew in size. (after thinking about this over the years, I believe it was coming closer and gave the appearance of growth) After about 5 sec of growing it stopped growing and the light switched off and the saucer appeared about 150 feet from me at house top level. I believe this was a switching of light sources from the saucer's different travel modes from motion to hovering. It was a classic inverted saucer shape with a dome on top and it had a bluish glow around it. I believe this glow was the result of it's propulsion sytem causing ionization in the surrounding atmosphere. As it hovered, a periscope came out from underneath and it pointed at me or the house and I saw (I think) a yellowish eye in the viewfinder staring at me. Apparently it did not want to be seen because as soon as it saw me it vanished. After thinking about this later, I believe it could of just switched all it's light producing sources off or sped off faster than the eye could see. It's likely the thing just hovered around our rural neighborhood for a few hours at housetop level observing at will after I fled in terror back to my sisters bedroom and jumped in her bed.  I have read other accounts of saucers that looked like the one I saw and one account I read has the saucer using this device underneath it as a landing structure. It appears that this structure performs multiple functions for landing and periscope-like observations. It seems like a rather crude observation device as it seemed like a direct optical device like a telescope (I could see the being's eye through it)as opposed to a sophisticated electronic multi-spectral imaging system. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));35.6724;-97.7407
