10 ships, shift shaping from solid crafts to light spheres and large white light, not visible to naked eye.;2007-09-02 21:00:00;30 sec;10 ships, shift shaping from solid crafts to light spheres and large white light, not visible to naked eye. Please,be assured that I and my partner ((name deleted))  took these pictures sept 02,at a ranch at trout lake,washington. I was taken 2 shots of the moon,then the batteries where empty in my 2.1digi camera. I did not check the pic's till 1 day later back at home. We still can not believe the images showing.There was nothing in the viewfinder,except the moon. We are also maybe 200-300 feet of a treeline,that might be important as you will view the images. It was very dark till the moon came up later and I waited till the moon was just over the treeline. Please find attached the ,pic 1' ,it is the original picture taken, and in ,pic 1 bright' I only adjusted the brightness of the image to see more detail in the dark. Also 1 picture of a UFO at daylight,to see the treeline around  our self. I counted 10 ships ,2 very clear and others coming or going in to the same shape. The picture #2  was taken about 20 seconds later,the camera takes time to store the images. As you can see,those ships transform in light spheres all at the same time again. Also,the Picture has now a very bright  sun like image in front of the moon.It looks like a sun or massive energy field You see also the red radiation around that light very nicely. The strange thing is also that there are no trees to see,wich are there not far from us.  I also made a DVD Video,15 min, with flying Ufos at the daytime around the Mount Adams.There where not visible by eye but showed very clear up on my HD Camcorder in SLOW MODE. I will send you that video out this week. I would appreciate your comments and would love to talk about it some more,  thank you for all the good work you are doing. ((initials deleted)) Attached are 5 pics. 2 org. dark shots and 2 lightend up shots.Also 1 daytime UFO pic where you can see the tree line around us. Those night shots where taken from the same spot but to a 90 degree to the right side where the moon came up. ((NUFORC Note:  I have viewed the five photos, and cannot confirm that any of them are of a genuine UFO.  The first photo shows a tiny, blurry, gray object against the daytime sky, with a major Cascade Range mountain, probably Mt. Hood, in the background.  I do not believe that the object is a genuine UFO, but it is impossible to know, for certain.  The four other photos are night shots, and show a large, blurry, orangish-colored light in the center of the photo.   I express my gratitude to the source of the report, and the photos, for sharing the information with our Center.  PD));45.9808;-121.5212
