Witnessed an unidentified glowing round object in the western sky above  Gilliland's Ranch at Trout Lake, WA below Mt. Adams 7.6.07.;2007-07-06 21:40:00;40 mins;Witnessed an unidentified glowing round object in the western sky above  Gilliland's Ranch at Trout Lake, WA below Mt. Adams 7.6.07. We attended the ECETI conference at James Gilliland's Trout Lake, WA ranch on 7/6/07 and captured an incredible site in the western sky between 9:45 and 10:20.  Attached is a photograph. Large, Round, glowing yellow/white  Witnesses:  ((five names deleted)) (?)  Did you see any other airplanes or helicopters:  No, not in its vicinity Weather conditions:  Perfectly clear, no clouds Where there any unusual smells:  No Electromagnetic Effects:  None detected Experience Missing Time:  Unable to determine Were pictures or videos taken:  Yes, both  Details:  On Friday, July 6, 2007, I attended the ECETI Conference at James Gilliland's Sattva Ranch in Trout Lake, WA at the foot of Mt. Adams with my business partner.  After the conference, most of the attendees joined up in the field to sky watch.  Mt. Adams is well known for its paranormal activities. While we waiting for lights to start firing up on the mountain, as it has done in the past, we noticed a glowing globe setting low in the western sky above the trees.  I had a spotting scope and my partner started to track it.  It was large, yellowish/white, globular and undulated with millions of teeny lights inside.  It moved bout, reminiscent of a jelly fish or an amoeba.  A woman sitting next to us said it had been there the night before too and stayed for about 2 hours then went down behind the trees and disappeared. We continued to observe this object until it was out of view.  It became apparent to us just at sunset and stayed visible until around 11 pm. It was orb-shaped, brilliant, and large and were amazed to see it moving, undulating, turning upside down, right, left.  It was yellowish-white and seemed to change color. On close inspection, it looked like an amoeba or jellyfish with electrical impulses firing off inside.  We saw geometric designs inside lit up like a chandelier.  This thing was incredibly beautiful and graceful, like it was alive.  We were in awe.  We put a video of it up on YouTube.com under Mysterious Skies if you would like to see it. Before it went down behind the tree, it looked like 'stuff' coming out of it -- lights. There were two other very small bright objects near it - one at 3 o'clock and another at 11 o'clock.  We noticed that they looked exactly like the big one, only much smaller.  We also have stills of this object. There was what looked to be an opening in the center which moved around almost like an eyeball, however, the center opening appeared to be square on the outside but round on the inside.  It almost looked like it was looking at us!  Both my business partner and I are Metaphysical Ministers.  We work privately in the paranormal field.  Neither of us has ever seen anything like this before. Later that morning, around 3 or 4 am, we were visited in our motor home by a brilliant, tiny white light.  A flash woke me up.  I thought someone had a camera outside the window and took my picture.  I looked out the window and didn't see or hear anybody, although I did notice that lights were going off on the mountain like crazy.  When I laid back down, I saw a brilliant white light on the ceiling.  It moved three times before I tried to wake up  my partner.  When I called her to wake her up, it disappeared.  The light did not give off any negativity, I did not feel fear or afraid of it.  I believe It was a light being, as curious as we are and it came to visit.   First contact.  Awesome. Hope this info is helpful.;45.9808;-121.5212
