two objects moving slowly in a clear night sky---one had a white semi-circle of lights that appeared to strobe;2005-04-04 22:45:00;15 minutes;two objects moving slowly in a clear night sky---one had a white semi-circle of lights that appeared to strobe I was traveling east on rte. 101, on the evening of April 4, 2005. I was going from Pomfret to Dayville, CT.  At approximately 10:45 p.m., I noticed an extremely bright white light in the northest sky. This white light had a small red light on the left, and a small green light on the right. None of the lights were blinking. This object appeared to be maybe 2,000 feet in the sky, and it was moving very slowly in a southerly direction. I watched it for about 5 minutes.  At this time, the white light, which was much brighter that anything else in the sky on this clear evening, faded out. The two colored lights remained lit, and the object continued to move in a southerly direction. At this time, I saw another object pass under it by a few hundred feet. This second object had a series of smaller, duller white lights which formed a semi-circle and strobed. The first object's remaining lights went out at this point. I continued traveling east on rte. 101 for another 5 minutes, still observing the second object, which was moving in a northeasterly direction rather slowly. I observed this object for a total of 10 minutes, at which time it disappeared behind a treeline.;41.8495;-71.8713
An orb of energy?;2010-07-28 00:58:00;15 seconds;An orb of energy? I once believed there was a scientific explanation for everything, not anymore.  Ive tried to debunk this in every way possible, nothing fits.  I thought about reporting this to the state police but thought they may think I was crazy.  If I hadn't seen it for myself I'd say it sounds crazy too.   My sister inlaw and I were in the living room watching tv with no lights on when all of a sudden the picture window in front of me lit up, at first I thought it was lightning, but it wasnt right because it was bright green.  I noticed the neighbors house directly in front of ours was lit up also, the rest of the neighborhood was pitch dark as it should have been.   In the center of the circumfrence of green light there was a dimmer transparent ball.  The ball never changed its color it stayed the same, while the outer part dimmed, went bright then dimmed, then bright, then just seemed to collapse into the ball.  It then just dissapated.   A strange electrical sound like nothing I ever heard came 2 seconds after the light was gone and lasted only 1-2 sec.  The light was like looking through a view finder with a green slide.  I'm 100% sure the light came from the sky above our house.;41.8495;-71.8713
