2 groups of 10 to 15 burning objects going from W by Nw sky towards E by NE sky moving much slower than a shooting star moving at a co;1997-11-14 21:11:00;20-30 seconds;Summary : 2 groups of 10 to 15 burning objects going from W by Nw sky towards E by NE sky moving much slower than a shooting star moving at a constant speed. only 3 or 4 object remained visible as they reached the horizon to the NE.;48.4776;-122.3445
3 metallic ovals in triangle formation moving at rapid pace spotted flying low over Burlington, WA.;2014-04-14 23:00:00;<1 minute;3 metallic ovals in triangle formation moving at rapid pace spotted flying low over Burlington, WA. On the night of Monday, April 14, 2014, my partner and I were outside on our deck at our home in Burlington,WA, hoping to watch the eclipse that was suppose to be happening soon.  Shortly after 23:00 hours we noticed off in the distance at about tree level, 3 objects that appeared to be slightly floating in a triangular formation.  They appeared to us at that 1st distance to resemble large mylar balloons perhaps.  They had a football or oval shape to them, and they glided in perfect formation, in what looked like a triangle at equal distances from each-other.   As the moonlight hit the objects we could tell they were certainly not balloons, and instead had a metallic surface on each of them.  The light reflected off of them similar to how sunlight/moonlight would off of a chrome bumper on a car or other metal object. After they looked like they were hovering for about 10 to 15 seconds, they began a slow rise for another few seconds and then immediately began flying, without any sound at all, at a very quick pace towards us, still up at the top of the trees around our area.  It took them less than 10 seconds to get directly overhead, as they passed us the oval on the left side of the triangle rotated underneath the center oval, and the right side oval rotated over the top so that both the outside objects switched sides within seconds.  The entire time there was still no noise, and once the objects switched sides all three began to climb rapidly up and move away from us to the EAST and then they simply disappeared from our vision.  We looked for several more minutes all around our area in the sky but couldn’t relocate these objects at all.  From the 1st second we spotted the triangle formation until we lost sight of them due to them either flying too fast for us or them simply disappearing, it was roughly 45 seconds to about a minute. As for my partner and me, we both work in the retail management world in the Burlington area, we live quiet lives for the most part and just enjoy looking out at the stars, and spending evenings on our deck during the spring and summer months.  We thought it would be fun to catch the Eclipse last night, and instead it appears we caught something a bit more than that.  Exactly what it was, we are unsure but it certainly wasn’t like anything we’ve witnessed before.;48.4776;-122.3445
