Bright, White lights in sky over the foothills with one seperating and rejoining, moving southeast, faded out.;2016-06-20 19:35:00;7-10 minutes;Bright, White lights in sky over the foothills with one seperating and rejoining, moving southeast, faded out. On Monday, 06/20/16, around 9:35pm, my wife and I were heading eastbound on Highway 20 (Memorial Highway), coming from Oak Harbor, and crossing over the overpass near the Swinomish Casino.  As we rounded the curve before coming to the overpass that leads into the Skagit Valley and flat-lands, I noticed a bright,white, light in the sky over the foothills to the east and slightly south of Burlington and Mount Vernon Washington.  I was just getting ready to say to my wife, “What do you think that is?”, when she asked me the exact same thing.   To the naked eye, the lights looked like 3-4 round, brightly lit orbs that were somehow connected together or touching, moving very slowly, slightly southeast.  The lights just had a very floaty feel to them – best way I can explain it.  The light on the right side appeared to separate and move away for a couple of seconds, then rejoined the group.  The entire group faded out briefly, then reappeared again.   There were other cars on the road with us and you could tell they were seeing this, too.  A couple of cars pulled over to the right shoulder and stopped.  I told my wife to grab her phone and take some pictures.  We both have new iPhone 6SE’s.  She took six pictures as I was driving.  She doesn’t know how to do much beyond voice and text on her phone, so she didn’t think to use the video camera.  The pictures are pretty blurry from car movement and her trying to use the camera portion of the phone.  We did get the lights, though it may not be of much use.  Included are the photos just as they are from the phone.  This was the night of the solstice moon, but this was not the moon we were seeing.;48.4776;-122.3445
4 Bright solid orange moving lights in the Sky;2018-01-01 03:00:00;2 minutes;4 Bright solid orange moving lights in the Sky 4 Bright Orange Lights in the sky few miles out formation in a group moving and then fading out as if traveling away from me....Going to work and at 2:54am on new years day morning, i had just left the house and saw 4 bright orange lights what looked to be about 40 degrees 5 miles away in the very clear sky.   I am 44yrs old, amateur astronomer for decades-own an 8 and 15 reflector telescope that i ground, polished, figured and built myself i share this info to give me some sort of credibility in my sky observation ability's. the bight orange lights were silent (jet sound/helicopter) lights were hovering toward another till one by one they diminished in size as if they were traveling away from me.   flares/fireworks out of the question. this was truly my first experience with ufos.  my first thoughts were flares but ruled that out fairly quickly after the motions were being controlled. well that's all i got. thank you.;48.4776;-122.3445
