I was returning home after seeing my girl friend, trveling along a rural road between two corn fields a creature apprximatly 3 feet tal;1969-07-15 23:00:00;30 seconds;I was returning home after seeing my girl friend, trveling along a rural road between two corn fields a creature apprximatly 3 feet tall ran on to the road vwhen my lights shined on it the creature turned towards my car  I hit it and ran straight over it. It was a grayish color it had three fingers on each hand, iy was complettly nude and appeared to have no genitile area/I drove home as fast as I could I dont think my feet touched the ground when I arrived home. I returned to the scene the next day there was evidence of the incident. Iy eas over 20 years before I told anyone.;48.4776;-122.3445
UFO makes low pass over western Washington observer.;2008-10-08 05:00:00;3-5 seconds;UFO makes low pass over western Washington observer. I was walking across the bus park at Skagit Transit, heading for my assigned vehicle to perform my AM pre-trip prior to making my morning run from Mount Vernon to Everett, Washington.  For some unknown reason, I happened to look upward.  There I saw an object dimnly silhoutted against the night sky, moving in a straight line, south to north, in a steady and totally silent manner.  The body of this object seemed to be black, or some color slightly darker than the night sky behind it.  Its shape, as best as I could tell, looked something like a bat-wing, except the pointed parts were on the leading edge.  On the underside of this object there were two equal-sized, circular openings, which seemed to be filled with a swirling, phorphorescent vaporous substance of some sort.  It looked to be both vaporous and energized in some manner.  It was not like anything I have seen before.  These were definitely not lights not in the sense that we think of lights.  The object had no other lights or energy sources which I could see.  These two wells took up about half the area of each side of the object. There was absolutelyl no sound associated with this sighting not even the woosh of the air being disturbed by its passage.  It was totally silent.  The object crossed directly above me, headed on a general south-north heading, and then disappeared into the pre-dawn darkness.  The total time I observed was probably between 3 and 5 seconds.  Long enough to get a good look and discount any possibility of swamp gas, weather balloons or an early-morning stars or satellites. I spent over 20 years in the Army almost three years in combat.  I have observed a wide assortment of aircraft in a wide assortment of applications, under a wide range of circumstances and conditions.  I have extensive exposure to many types of military aircraft, including, AH1, UH1, CH47, OH1, C113, C123, C130, C141 and C5A types.  I have observed night-time air strikes and close air support operations both day and night, and in all kinds of weather.  I have flown in and am familiar with CH47, UH1, C113, C123, C130, C141 and C5A aircraft. While assigned to Fort Lewis, WA, I lived in military housing directly under the approach paths for aircraft incoming to Grey Army Airfild for over eight years.  My point being, this observation was well outside the range of my experience and significantly enough to warrant my making this report. What could this have been?  Why was it here?  What was its mission? Where was it going (and where did it come from)?  And, most weirdly of all, why did it allow me to see it??;48.4776;-122.3445
Sky opens portal and orb shoots through it and begins to travel.  ((NUFORC Note:  No portal.  Lens flares.  PD));2016-06-19 17:05:00;2 seconds;Sky opens portal and orb shoots through it and begins to travel Director@  I was at Costco  store in Burlington, WA, by the gas pumps, just parked my car.  I was checking out my camera on my Samsung Note 4 and I was going to drop the phone and when I went to save it, I accidentally pressed the picture shooter and the camera began taking continuous shots, multiple shots per second. When I was done shopping, and arrived home, I started looking at the photos and realized that one had what looked like it had a funnel that appeared in the sky (which now I think is a portal) and/or sonic boom the next photo shows the funnel reduced to a round pathway and an orb shooting through.  The following photo shows the orb travelling, as well as the following photo.  Then it looks like a ring develops around the orb.  Finally the orb continues on and disappears. At first I thought it was a cloud (the first photo), but as I zoomed in to the far right, it was obviously a formation of some sort. I knew what the object was because I have read and seen photos of it.  I also know that many think that orbs are just weather balloons or satellites.  I think that these photos tell a different story.  The object looks like it came through a portal that opened up and immediate closed as the object shot through and began to travel. These photos were taken slightly over a second as it was a rapid photo shoot.  These were captured by accident. I am not convinced that it is a weather balloon.  I would like to know what it really is. The skies were clear and it was a warm day. ((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at all the photos provided.  The objects are lens flares.  PD));48.4776;-122.3445
