UFO over development during lat night walk, and the theft of a major part my perceptual-dimensional theory.;2019-08-08 00:00:00;2 minutes;UFO over development during lat night walk, and the theft of a major part my perceptual-dimensional theory. Tuesday August 6th, I was working on my thesis for Perceptual Dimensional Frequency Bandwidths. I worked for roughly 6 hours on it, when I finished for the night, I took a late night stroll around the block to clear my head. When i was about three fourths of the way around the block, I received a perceptual message inside my head, with energy that was noticeably foreign, instigating me to look up.  When i did, passing me from behind me, about a 600 ft above me, was a squarish, diamond shaped craft, with some sort of pivoting thruster mechanism, extending from the bottom of the craft, that had a green aura of light around it.  It made no noise.  There was another craft up much further in the other part of the sky.  This one was unrecognizable, and only seen as blinking lights.  I live right next to the airport, and this occurred in the middle of a flight path.  I am sure that this was caught on Cleveland Hopkins radars, or one the respective planes radar.  When i got home that night, I went to sleep.  I didn't really know how i should have proceeded with the incidient, as I am very busy. I continue on with my life until On Thursday August 8th, I had reached a major breakthrough in my theory.  That night while I was sleeping, I woke up into sleep paralysis, with a humanoid figure, with blue scaly skin, and short horns protruding from the head, wearing some sort of tattered robe, was rummaging through my room, as I was paralyzed.  The following morning on the 8th of august, I had immediately received a telepathic message through perception, telling me to look at my work.  When i went into my work books, I had noticed 9 major pages of my theory, in which I had established a breakthrough in the previous night was missing.  I was also sent visual perceptive images of a reptilian, and some very weird emotional energy surrounding it.  I have cameras everywhere surrounding the property, and there were no intruders, or signs of forced entry.  I started to remember previous events of missing time, and a repressed memory came up from the summer of 2015, while I was living in California and I had seen a mothership out of my bedroom window, over the ocean.  I am conflicted with the situations decisive path to it resolution.  I am busy, and do not have a whole much time to research where I can go with this.  Either mufon, or perhaps the government. I fear that my information may have been controlled by a foreign species of consciousness.  I decided to contact this website, and perhaps mufon, before making a police report, as I am not sure there is much the police can do in this situation.;41.3747;-81.9132
