Cigar shape, repeated missing time, shear panic, repeat visits;1992-09-15 18:02:00;time distorted;Cigar shape, repeated missing time, shear panic, repeat visits It was a very nice evening on September 15th, 1992.  It was twilight. I was a, 9 year old, who loved to ride around on our Murray riding mower around on our hill in the middle of Benton since I was now big enough to get it started & pretend mow.  We had about 7 acres in the middle of town which was a large hill with about 5 acres of field behind it that I rode my little dirk bike around in.  This night I was on the front side of our property facing the electric company while pretending to mow the hill.  I will remember this moment for the rest of my life as it seemed to be the beginning of a series of regularly occurring events that have plagued me, and my family since. 	Like I stated earlier, I was mowing the upper side of the hill to the south west of our ranch style house . The riding mower suddenly just died.  I tried to restart it, but nothing. Like it had a completely dead battery.  My mother had come out to get me because it was getting dark, and she wanted me to stop & come inside.  When she called my name from about 50’ up the hill next to our house, I looked towards her.  That is when fear & panic encompassed every fiber of my being. Behind her over our field behind a pear tree, clear as day, hovering about 20 feet above the ground was a cigar shaped UFO with lights only around the center of it that seemed to go back & forth from the ends to center & back, quickly & smoothly.  I was so scared that I left the mower right there.  I ran up to my mother, grabbed her by the hand, & forcefully pulled her into our house through the kitchen door, which was on the east side of the middle of our house. I remember I kept looking at it, never once looking where I was going backwards because I was too afraid to stop looking at it. Once I got her pulled into the kitchen through the door, I locked the door, & started to panic & cry. I told my mom to sit on the couch & not move.  I grabbed my 4 year older brother who was in the floor of the living room watching tv, & I told him to do the same & to not move. I ran to my bedroom, & I grabbed my BB gun, thinking that this was somehow going to save us.  I stood at the kitchen door with my BB gun trained on the door, too afraid to move away from it.  My mom & brother came to see what I was doing & why I was so terrified.  I tried to explain, & my mother seemed to get it right away, as I think she took the gun & told me & my brother to stay right there.  I don't remember seeing my dogs inside of the house. I can’t remember anything past that. About a month later, we were going to the Calvert City Drive-In to watch a movie & eat. I was sitting in the rear driver’s side where I always sat staring out the window.  We passed a field to our left, & I saw it again.  Tucked away behind the tree line.  It could only have been only 80 feet away.  The exact same thing. Ever since I have noticed that I have severe insomnia & anxiety, & monthly I experience new places on my body that look like small scars, puncture marks, weirdly geometric shaped “freckles”, & small masses that disappear after a year or so.  When I told my mother about what exactly I saw that night years later at around 16 years old, she told me about when she was growing up in the house that this happened in, she would have little people coming to her window all of the time.  She remembers it going all the way back till she was in a crib. Now that I have my own child, a three year old daughter, that I have noticed events similar to what I experienced happening to my daughter & possibly my wife, as changes in mood, & my daughter’s newly found fear of sleeping alone again as well as the dark.  I fear that the cycle has started with her as she has mentioned “scary kids at night”, along with night terrors.;36.8806;-88.3548
cigar shaped chrome object moves slowly at first,  then zips across the sky  ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  PD));2006-05-15 12:30:00;1 minute 30 seconds (appr;cigar shaped chrome object moves slowly at first,  then zips across the sky and disappears without a sound. On a warm day in (what I can guess was) May, at about noontime, I was going out to check the mail. It was windy, and so I was looking up watching the leaves flutter around on the trees. It was then I saw a dull chrome object (I say dull chrome as it was not really reflecting the light as a normal chrome finish should)(maybe there was a haze around the object that made it appear duller? it was most definitely chrome.) at first glance I thought it was an airplane or a jet, yet on closer inspection I noticed that  1.)It was moving at such a slow pace it was nearly stationary, 2.)It had no wings or windows at all. 3.)It was totally silent. 4.)It was spinning on its side.  When I say spinning on its side, I mean that it was roughly shaped like this <> except the sides were rounded. much like a 3d oval with pointed ends. the rounded sides was theoutermost spinning edge, like the Earth's equator, and the pointed ends were like the poles. after I noticed this, I also noticed it was much too low in the sky to be a conventional aircraft. even though it was directly above me, it scarcely cleared the tops of the trees. As I reached into my pocket to pull out my cell phone (which has a camera function) to take it's picture, it sped up slightly, and I managed to take the picture and save it. shortly afterwards, it stopped spinning for a half second, traveled backwards about 20 yards, and then turned on it's engines, which emitted 3 vapor trails and began spinning and traveling at great speed. at this time the vapor trails resembled a helix (DNA) without the ladder rungs and one trail in the middle. it zigzaged across the sky, shot upwards and then back down and upwards again, and then flew off at a speed impossible for an airplane or jet, and disappeared beyond the clearing through the trees. shortly after this, I looked back at my cell phone, and it had been turned off (not by me) and when I turned it back on, It had been erased clean of anything I had stored onto it. ringtones, pictures, my address book--all gone. 3 or 4 days later, at night,(approx 2:35 am) I woke up to a pulsing, buzzing, electrical/magnetic type noise directly outside my window. after a minute or two I looked outside, and there seemed to be nothing there. Just the noise. But, when I returned to bed, the buzzing stopped, and there was a split-second flash of sea-green light. I dont know if this was from the same object, but it seemed to be related.  additional info: -When I spotted it, I was facing (roughly) NW -It was in the eastern part of the sky that it disappeared. -the pulsing sound in the night afterward lasted roughly 5 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  PD));36.8806;-88.3548
Bright lights, cigar shape.;2013-12-09 17:15:00;30 seconds;bright lights, cigar shape , I went out back on my patio to smoke and was on the phone with my gf , I looked to the NE and above the treeline I saw 2 very bright white lights at a diagonal shape, with a darker cigar shape in between the lights, the UFO was moving extremely slow descending drop and I called my 12 year old son out to see, he came out and about 5 seconds later the lights slowly faded out and we could see nothing.  At 542 pm Central time, my son and I witnessed 2 army black hawk helicopters in our area.  I called and left my number and name, please contact me.;36.8806;-88.3548
