Light colored jet craft bulky,long cigar shape with no wings visible traveling at high speed at one to two miles high.;2012-08-15 14:00:00;1 minute;Light colored jet craft bulky,long cigar shape with no wings visible traveling at high speed at one to two miles high. One presumed drone aircraft jet proceeded south east at altitude of approx. 2 miles. I was only witness from location in mountains of east central Yreka. Angle of sighting from vantage point made craft to appear at same angle of Mt. Shasta. Craft appeared to be large body almost bulky fat but long cigar like cargo ship but with no wings visible. Clear sky, no clouds, no vapor trails but possibly some haze that completely obscured very thin wings if any. Other visual and audible clue such as estimated altitude made me expect to see wings but there were absolutely no wings or tails visible  No other aircraft visible but sound of jet was faint but distinct. Traveling faster than the sound because of lag time behind visible craft. Could have been ventriloquist effect since area is corridor for jets high up. Traveling at high rate of speed. Appeared to be a light weight glider or dirigible. Profile was high and long but not clear how deep fuselage was hence reminded me of pictures of Predator drones but more regular cigar-shaped. When I spotted it, it seemed to recognize I was watching and moved away from me veering slightly to south each as if bumped by wind only momentarily. Moved rapidly out of sight. Slightly white-aluminum color possible metallic. Hard to tell relative size because of unknown altitude, but impression was that it was large-bodied but very high up. Impression was that of a jet-powered Remotely Piloted Vehicle (drone) or piloted glider or lightweight craft with very long, thin wings that were not visible because of altitude. General impression was confusing somewhat because of conflicting phenomena. But my mind was clear and I was well-rested in broad daylight without stressful circumstances. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));41.7206;-122.6376
