Three glowing lights and one trianguler craft;2011-12-31 23:57:00;20 mins;Three glowing lights and one trianguler craft Yes I know a sighting right before midnight on New Year eve could be mistaken for fireworks etc. But what I saw was not fireworks, But here goes. The first object appeared out of the South at first it looked like an airplane when the object appeared overhead the object was a pale glowing light. No strobe on the craft was seen as you would see on private or commercial aircraft. At first I thought the craft was low flying but the craft I believe was at very high altitude and moving at a high rate of speed  it almost looked like the craft for a second reflected the sun so I thought that perhaps it is a satellite. The second craft appeared on the same trajectory as the craft got closer and saw that it looks just like the first craft at this point I dismissed the first craft as being a satellite . The chararesitics were the same pale light  seemed to be at an extereme altitude. This craft appeared to look slow but again because of the high altitude, once you figure in the altitude you realize the the high rate of speed they ate traveling. The third craft came in about 5mins later perhaps a little more SSE so I had move about 300 ft to get a better view of the object, the trajectory was the same South to North the object had the same chararestics as the first two objects no difference at all. The fourth object appeared about 7 mins later but was diffent that the first three the craft looked bigger you could just barely see the craft. The craft was illuminated very dimly with white lights that were pale this craft also looked very high in altitude so size of the craft was hard to to tell however the craft a triangular shape. None of the four crafts had any sound what so ever . I watched the sky for thirty more mins and did not see any other objects. Note I see aircraft, commercial and military in the night skies quite often so I know what those objects look like. I am thinking what I saw may have been some sort of  military craft. Or perhaps some other  “earthly explanation  But I have not seen objects like this in the night sky before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.4072999999999;-90.4367999999999
