Object with triangle pattern lights, two white, one red moving slowly.;2013-10-03 19:55:00;2 minutes;Object with triangle pattern lights, two white, one red moving slowly I witnessed what appears to be a single craft with three lights flying very slow.  The object moved like a helicopter.  Three lights could be seen on the bottom in a triangle pattern.  Two white lights and one red.  The lights where solid.  I was driving and the road noise would have prevented me from hearing any sound if there was any.;44.1968;-72.4976
Triangle shape with green and red blinking lights and one static white light hovering in the north sky over Barre VT before flying off;2021-08-18 20:25:00;3 minutes;Triangle shape with green and red blinking lights and one static white light hovering in the north sky over Barre VT before flying off My daughter was outside with the cat and said she saw a UFO, so I went to look. To the north, seemingly at airplane altitude was a triangle with 2 or 3 green blinking lights on one side and 2 or 3 red blinking lights on the other with a white static light in the middle.  It wasn't moving. I watched for a moment and then called my wife outside to look. We watched for a minute and were both confused by it. It didnt seem to be moving, just staying in one place with lights blinking.  At that point I went to get binoculars. As I came back upstairs I heard what sounded like a furnace blowing and when I got out on the deck my wife said the craft just flew southward overhead really fast and was out of sight past the trees on the hill across the street and then a second later flew back overhead to the north and was gone. The sound I heard from inside was the sound it made while moving.  I tried getting a picture or video but the lights were barely visible on my phone screen, even zoomed in. The sunlight was nearly gone and the sky was overcast so on the camera it was too dark and all blended together.  I am a believer and seeking truth in everything. My wife is more conservative than me. I have a master's degree and work in healthcare. My wife has a bachelor's degree as an educator.;44.1968;-72.4976
