Observed bright light approaching from west, drawing closer proved to be 3 separate lights on triangular craft, which passed directly o;1989-05-15 01:00:00;5-10 Minutes;Observed bright light approaching from west, drawing closer proved to be 3 separate lights on triangular craft, which passed directly overhead at low altitude, totally silent. I was returning home after work, between midnight & 2 AM, & saw an intense, bright light in the southwest sky. Thinking it was a very bright star, I continued to monitor it as I drove. Soon it separated into 3 distinct lights, & I realized it was approaching. As it got closer I saw there were 3 lights, one at each corner of an aircraft. I stopped my truck in the middle of the road, & got out to watch. The craft flew directly overhead, was maybe 40 feet across, and made no sound of note. It seemed to be just above the tops of the trees, & I was puzzled that there would be no discernible engine noise. I don't recall being able to distinguish the surface of the craft, just seeing the three lights, & the triangular shape as it passed overhead. I assumed it was something headed to the Little Rock Air Force Base, though as I said, it was so quiet, & so low to the ground, that I was in awe. Unfortunately I never made note of this occurence, so I don't know the date. I assume it would be in the winter months, as the road is in a very wooded area, & I remember seeing lots of clear space, as I do here when the trees are bare. The road, Dyer Street,  runs South of Malvern for about 4 miles... I stopped about 3 miles from Main Street to watch. I only can guess the year being between 1988 & 1990 because I was driving the truck I owned at that time. I report this now because I have since heard of similar type craft being observed. ((NUFORC Note:  Date and time are approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date in 1989 so that the report sorts to that year.  PD));34.3657;-92.8118
Saw at least three triangle shaped craft hovering over a field and the surrounding woods.  Then saw another fly accross the road.;2002-01-24 21:30:00;approx: 35 minutes;Saw at least three triangle shaped craft hovering over a field and the surrounding woods.  Then saw another fly accross the road. I live approximately 15 miles outside of the city of Malvern, Ar.  I was on my way home from a friends house in town and I was alone.  I live on a road that turns off of Highway 67 south almost to Donaldson.  I turned on the road and could see a bright light through the trees.  I didn't think anything of it at first.  I got up to a clearing where there is a field and could clearly see what the light was.  There was three objects hovering approximatly 50 feet above the trees.  The lights from the object made it very easy to see them.  They were triangle shaped and they were black with lights all the way around them.  The lights were white and did not flash or move or spin or anything. The objects were the quite larger than a C-130 military airplane. The objects were not moving at all.  I paniced and sped up trying to get away from them as fast as I could.  I could still see the objects in my rearview mirror as I drove away.  I did not slow down or stop the rest of the way home.  When I got home I told my mother, my sister, my cousin and her children about what I saw and they all laughed at me.  I convinced my cousin (who is in her 30's) to come with me to see if the things were still there.  Her and her two sons got in my car with me and we set out on the road. She was still laughing at me until suddenly she stopped laughing and said Holy ****, what the **** is that?  I looked to my left (I was driving) and one of the objects came up out of a clearing and flew accross the road until it disappeared.  We watched it fly away to the south.  It was definatly the same thing as the other three I had saw 10 minutes earlier. None of these objects made any sound including this one. When we got to the place where the other three had been, they were gone.  We both started to panic and get scared as we sped home.  The two children that were with us began screaming and crying (one is 11 the other is 8) when the craft flew over the us on the road.  I could not sleep at all last night and thought about it while I was! going t o work at 4:00 this morning.  I have never believed in anything like this until last night.  It was one of the very few times in my life when I have ever been scared.  It is something I don't ever care to see again.;34.3657;-92.8118
