Triangle Shaped Object 3 White lights Red in Middle at times And Silent;2002-12-08 00:20:00;5min;Triangle Shaped Object 3 White lights Red in Middle at times And Silent Me and My Girlfriend were heading toward Philadelphia on Rt. 13 in Bucks County Croydon Pa. When we stopped at a red light and in the distance we saw three lights white in color in a straight horizontal line. Which at that point in that distance didn't seem like much? My girlfriend said it was moving toward us but there were tree's in front of us though no leaves were on the tree's it was still hard to get a good description of the object. Then we got the green light and started heading toward the object which stayed in that area for at least 2 minutes before we started heading down Rt. 13. I saw the speed of it as it started to accelerate not super fast but enough to where we couldn't gain on it and then the weirdest part happened it moved across Rt. 13 with the horizontal lights staying horizontal so basically it didn't turn like you would think it should have being a normal aircraft instead it strifed or slid across the sky right across Rt. 13????? Then I noticed it slowed down considerably and started to kinda slowly descend and when I got to the light at croydon train station it was like 60 to 70 ft away from my car and then I was astonished because I will admit although I believe a lot of things I am a skeptic and I saw it with 3 white lights in a v triangle shape with a red light in the middle which was not always on it seemed at times to be off and it didn't make a sound just sitting there in the sky?????(that is not normal for huge engines of man made avionics) then I had to go because I got the green light and it started to move away from us but it was weird how it turned because suddenly the two lights were facing us which told me it just turned and it didn't really move to do this???;40.095;-74.9033
Weird triangles flying in different directions.;2019-04-10 21:18:00;Few minutes;Weird triangles flying in different directions. a big quiet object with 3 big really bright triangle lights flying in all different directions.   I pulled out my cell and recorded 4 seconds of it then it vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested more information about the sighting.  The video we received shows a small object with a red and green light on it.  Possible aircraft?  PD));40.095;-74.9033
