Low flying Black Triangle sighted by 2 witnesses in Berks Co. PA;1995-04-15 01:15:00;15 minutes;Low flying Black Triangle sighted by 2 witnesses in Berks Co. PA I was out fishing with my father that evening, and we were returning home, when noticed a super bright white light hovering across the street from our home--I would 100 to 150 feet away.  We both initially thought it was a helicopter with a search lights.  These lights were white and were arranged in a single row of three.  They were so bright that you could only look at them directly for a very short period of time.  Also, because the lights were so bright you could not see the object that was emitting the light.  We initially stopped our car on the road in front of our home and watched the lights from inside the car for about 5 minutes.  After the lights went out I quickly pulled the car into our driveway at which time we both got out of the car.  I then looked in the direction which we see the lights and I then spotted a 30-40 foot black triangle--all sides were the same size.  The triangle had 5 pinkish/orange lights (close to the color of a sodium vapor street light) on each side of the mid-section of the craft.   The craft started to move very, very slowly towards us like it detected our presence.  As the craft got closer, I ran to the side of the road, and it was at this time directly the other side of the road.  The craft was only a two lane road without shoulders away and it was just about the telephone poles.  It was so close I could have thrown a stone at it and hit it.  While it was directly across from me I could see the top and bottom of the craft was flat/non-reflective black in color and I didn't see any seams or joint.  The mid-section was a flat/non-reflective dark grey color and the pinkish/orange lights were being emitted from hemispherical globes maybe 3 or 4 foot in diameter.  The mid-section also had narrow, vertical ridges which were cylindrical in shape and were as tall as the mid-section, which I would estimate to be about 8-10 feet in height.  The lights were steady and didn't blink or change intensity.!  The craft continued to move slowly following the edge of the! road. I walked with the craft following it from the other side of the road until I reach the edge of our property.  The craft continued to move down the road until it took a right turn, which the craft did not bank or change speed.  I saw the craft go on the far side of my neighbor’s house and head out over a field that is behind my house.  I stood on a little berm a watched the craft make its way out over the field-the speed or its altitude never changed.  After it made its way out over the field, when it was approximate 200-250 feet away, it just blinked out.  It didn't zoom away at a high rate of speed, it just simply disappeared.  I was dumbfounded by this and stood there in total disbelief for another 10 minutes or so.  The craft never reappeared, it was gone.  I never felt scared at any point, I felt totally calm the entire time.  I had the awareness to check my watch from the very beginning of the sighting and the event lasted roughly 15 minutes and there was no missing time involved.  This event occurred on April 20, 1995, between approximately 1:15 - 1:30 AM.  The craft emitted no sounds, no smells, and no heat.  I didn't see anything that looked like a convention aircraft engine.  The craft's motion was very slow and fluid, no wobbling or jerkiness.  Even though the sighting occurred 22 years ago, until this very day I cannot get that event out of my mind.  Whenever I get idle time during the day or night I automatically start thinking about it.  I often times have dreams involving UFO sightings, which seem extremely realistic. I have had other strange events happen to me after that sighting which I'd rather not discuss at this time. In closing, there is no doubt in my mind what I saw that night.  This craft was literally only a few feet in front of me it wasn't a mere light in the sky.  I'm not claiming it was from an alien world, but if our military has this kind of technology and if it is that big of a secret, why would they being flyin! g an ultra-top secret craft like that directly across the stre! et from my house, which makes no sense.;40.4;-75.9077
