This is a definate government cover-up;1973-05-14 20:00:00;1 hour;This is a definate government cover-up UFO 2nd Incident:   Around May 14 of 73 the three of us ((name #1 deleted)), ((name #2 deleted)), ((name #3 deleted)) and I were in military Radar school at Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville Alabama. ((name deleted)) was living with his family in Madison just north of the base so I would go there often.  Around 8pm ((deleted)) said come outside as he saw something so I grabbed some binoculars and the camera and we climbed on the roof of the house.  We could see over treetop level to the secret part of the base where was hovering just above the trees a saucer shaped object with spaced flashing red lights on the rim.   After about fifteen minutes two large jet aircraft (possibly C134) circled around and one would dive at the UFO continuously for several minutes until the UFO shot a white pencil beam of light like a lazer at the nose of the jet.  The jet flew directly over us and I saw the jet numbers but figured I better forget and the jet left.   Five minutes later a jet fighter came in diving at the UFO.  I noticed that the width of the saucer was about the length of the fighter about 60 feet.  I didn’t take any pictures this whole time for certain reasons but we could see clearly especially with the binoculars. Finally the UFO must of got the hint and settled down below the trees.  The two jets circled for about 45 minutes then left.   During this whole time the Huntsville airport is usually busy but not one plane was heard until around 2am as we could see it from the top of the house.  Since I have space I’ll mention the first incident. Can’t remember if it was the same night or the night before at ((name 1)) house we heard on the radio that the spacelab was launched and would fly over us about 8pm and that part of it was built at Redstone.  We stood outside and saw it going by from west to east like a moving star.  Then from the north another object intersected with the spacelab, followed it shortly then went south. We thought we don’t have anything that can do that.  Later we heard on the radio that the meteor shielding was ripped off the skylab but that it happened during launch. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));34.7042935294117;-86.7520758823531
Disc with 4 blue lights.;2007-12-11 21:00:00;5 mintues;Disc with 4 blue lights. Travelling on Old Madison Pike Road heading East at the intersection of Hughes Road I witnessed a disc with neon/flourescent blue lighting travel slowly across my field of vision, and then come to a complete stop.  I stopped the car and continued to view the object which would move slowly and then stop and then move again in a different direction.  I began to take pictures with my camera phone, when it came directly above me.  I leaned out of the car and listened and heard what i thought might be a slight whirring noise.  As the object moved to directly above me, I noticed that there were 4 lights on the bottom, and very intense. They were in the shape of a square, as if they were on the 4 points of a square.  That was the array of the lighting, although the lights appeared to be circular or cone shaped and were very bright.  I observed for a while, and took a few pictures with my phone although you can only see lights in the pictures because the camera isn't very good and it was dark.  I figured it was some sort of surveillance drone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.7042935294117;-86.7520758823531
