Plane hoovering over Heritage Elementary School on County Line Rd.;2009-02-05 17:15:00;5 minutes;Plane hoovering over Heritage Elementary School on County Line Rd. Around 5:15p.m. on 02/05/09 I was driving north down County Line Rd. to the Cat Hospital to pick up my cat. I noticed a plane with 3 lights in the shape of a triangle, something about it intrigued me and I could not stop looking at it. As I was driving I noticed the plane was not moving and coming towards me as it should have been. So, I keep my eye on the plane and when I got to Heritage Elementary I saw that the plane was hoovering over the school about 5 to 10 feet above tree line. I could not understand how a plane could do this with out falling out of the sky. I noticed it was a gray military plane with no markings on it. I was so weirded out by this I literally had my head over the steering wheel looking at the plane and was wondering if I was the only person that saw this plane hoovering. After leaving the vet I was not thinking about it and drove right past the school and then I thought to myself I wonder if the plane is still there after seeing a smaller plane flying in front of me. As I looked in my rear view mirror I saw that the plane was now flying and going south down County Line Rd. towards the airport. I keep watching the plane the whole time and felt like it was following me, it stayed 15 feet behind me the whole way. As I turned East on Palmer Rd. I thought the plane would fly over me, but no it proceeded to go down Palmer Rd. with me and the weird part is the plane did not turn left like I did, it stayed facing South but flew side ways down Palmer. At this point I was terrified and thought my mind had to be playing tricks on me. I speed up and after passing the Palmer park I came into the group of trees and the plane seemed to have stopped, almost like it couldn't see me anymore. At this point I slammed on my breaks next to the Madison Water Dept. and watched the plane. It proceeded to start flying normal and going South towards the airport. I keep my eye on the plane as I drove towards Sullivan Wall Triana and once I turned going South on Sullivan I could not see the plane. A plane this big would still be visible from Sullivan, but it disappeared and was no longer in sight.;34.7042935294117;-86.7520758823531
