Flying Disk Lands in Field.;1972-03-04 02:00:00;30 minutes;Flying Disk Lands in Field A close friend of ours has told this same story to my family and me for over thirty years consistently, and I consider this man to be highly credible and honest.  He lives a few short miles outside of Scottsville, Kentucky.  This man is still alive today, and he is in his middle 70's now.  He has always told us this same astonishing story over and over again many times over the years, and his story is always the same with great detail involved.  Recently, he told me this same amazing story again just like he has so many times before in the past.  So I decided to share his fantastic story with you.  While this story is really bizarre to say the least, I do strongly believe that it actually happened.   I have seen UFO's myself, so I can relate to his unique experience.  This is no lie on my part either-just the truth.  According to this man, one night back in 1972 (estimated year), he was sleeping in his home when all of a sudden his children came into the house from outside yelling for him to get up.  Thay were terrified about something outside and wanted him to come and see it for himself.  They yelled at him telling him that he would not believe it.  After he had finally awakened, he at first noticed that the inside of their house was really bright and lit up for some reason.  He realized that something was causing this to happen from outside.  His dogs were in an uproar too.   He hurriedly got dressed and went outside with his family to see what was happening.  To their astonishment they could clearly see off in the near distance a large glowing disk proceeding to land out in a field directly in front of their house.  The disk had different colored lights rotating all around it-sort of in a swirling motion.  It did land, and it just sat there for half and hour or so glowing brightly.  He and his family just stood there in shock at what they were witnessing.  After they had observed this huge disk for the lenght of time mentioned above, the disk then began to lift up slowly from the ground and just flew away at a tremendous rate of speed.  The disk never at any time during this sighting made any sound at all either.   As a believer in UFO's, I did want to share his story with you.  What this all means is a mystery to me.  I wish to remain anonymous, and I do thank you for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  Source of report elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));36.7614;-86.1929
