At 20:55 I received a cell phone call from a friend in the near vacinity of my home,basically 1/2 mile away (as the crow flies) I was t;2004-03-11 20:55:00;ongoing now 22:24;At 20:55 I received a cell phone call from a friend in the near vacinity of my home,basically 1/2 mile away (as the crow flies) I was told to look directly below the little dipper to see a strange red light that bobbed, weaved, and circled, went into house and the friend drove over, reporting another such light approximately 1-2 miles further N of first light, doing the same odd movements, the lights then moved down into the tree line, now they are more NE and closer together, heavy plane activity towards said lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));36.7614;-86.1929
Strange Lights causes sickness;2012-09-13 21:30:00;Unknown;Strange Lights causes sickness This has been a reoccurred for the past few weeks,but last night was a bit different than before.  Around 9:30 Pm, my mother and I were sitting on the back porch smoking a cigarette, when we heard a plane flying over, we both noticed the speed at which it was flying, tremendously fast, from south to north.  Then she noticed a flashing light in the south-eastern sky.  She asked me if I could see it, and at first I barely could.  She claimed to see it blinking, but after the before mentioned plane passed by, we listened for this blinking light and it made no sound.  She went inside a pair of binoculars, and attempted to focus in on the object.  She watched it for a few minutes, commenting on how strange it was, and then she said it was making her nauseous.  I took the binoculars from her and focused in myself.  What I saw was very strange.  While it had no distinct shape, there was a central light that was primarily white, with red and green twinkling dots flicker! ing around it in no specific pattern.  It remained stationary, but tiny glowing orbs seemed to orbit the central light at an amazing speed.  I watched it through binoculars for a while, noticing the red and green lights appear in different spots, almost like flickering Christmas tree lights.  At one point the red light shown brightest and I got goosebumps, followed by a splitting headache.  I stopped watching shortly after this.  I then went back inside and went to bed at an unusually early hour in an attempt to alleviate my headache.  These strange lights have become common in the past few weeks.  We live in a very rural area, no streetlights or major highways, in fact, it is in an Amish Community located in-between Franklin Ky and Scottsville KY.  We're one of the only houses in the area with electricity. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is flawed.  We suspect a date of September 13, 2012, and have amended the date above.  PD));36.7614;-86.1929
