Red Oval Light In Woods;1976-06-01 01:00:00;10 Minutes;Red Oval Light In Woods Thanks for your Website so people can tell the truth.  My particular sighting occured outside of Scottsville, Kentucky during the fishing season in the spring of 1976.  This is the closest to the exact date as I can remember.  I am a Christian and I do have an open mind about many things.  But I still haven't figured out exactly what me and a friend of mine saw that one particular night back in 1976.  We had been on a fishing trip to the Barren River Lake area, and was returning home late one night-around 1:00 AM if I remember correctly.  Anyway, as we were driving back home to the Scottsville area we had to pass by an old abandoned oil well in a wooded area.  We had taken this route many times before.  As we were driving along we spotted something very odd sitting beside the abandoned oil well in the woods and it was very bright.  We decided to stop the pickup truck and get a closer look.  When we stopped we saw a solid mass of bright red light in the woods beside the well.  The light was perfectly round and circular in appearance and sitting on the ground.  It was as big as our pickup truck we were riding in, and just sitting there in the woods glowing.  There was no noise at all to be heard, and we had both never seen anything like this thing before.  The light was bright red, and it did appear as though it was a part of something of a solid mass-an object of some sorts.  Why it was near an oil well I do not know.  I must say that the night was really dark, and there was practically no moon shining at all.  Although I do realize that there might be a practical explanation as to what we observed that night, I cannot think of what it might be.  Believe me, we were not out UFO hunting or anything like that-it just happened.  We both know what we saw.  The Scottsville-Franklin, Kentucky areas has had many strange sightings over the years like this and it makes one wonder!  Thank you for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));36.7614;-86.1929
