Several Lights Above Grandma's House;2002-08-07 03:00:00;1 hour;Several Lights Above Grandma's House My Grandmother passed away earlier this past year, and she always kept telling other people and me about a very strange incident that happened to her back in 2002.  Her amazing story never changed every time she told people about it either.  My Grandmother back then was still in good mind too, and was very good in details.  She had just gotten out of the hospital several weeks before from having had heart surgery, and was trying to sleep that dark night back in 2002.  As Grandma tells it, late that particular night she got up out of bed to get her a glass of water in the kitchen when she noticed something strange directly outside of her house low up in the sky.  Something seemed to be glowing outside directly above the treetops in her front yard.  When she looked outside the side living room window into the treetops she saw what appeared to be a cluster of glowing lights of some sort.  She said that they were moving around in every direction, were several different colors, and that there were many of them too.  They all glowed tremendously bright.  We both later agreed that they all could have been part of a very large object that was hovering directly over her house.  She did tell us that that she never heard any type of noise at all during this sighting, and that she did watch these mysterious objects (lights) for over an hour moving around in the same location.  My Grandmother back earlier in her life had a somewhat similar experience she always told us about too.  Back in 1962 or so she had seen a large jet plane being followed or shadowed by a small flying disk.  She could clearly make out the disk and the airplane in the Scottsville sky that day.  They appeared to be far away.  Anyway, I must tell you that my late Grandmother was always a devout Christian her entire life.  Grandma would never lie or make up a story such as this just for fun either.  I believe her strange story, and I thought that you might like to read it.  By the way, your Web site is spectacular and very informative.  The story that I have just told you IS true-not fiction.  Evidently, it seems that there are many people throughout the world that are believers in UFO's now because of their own encounters.  I can honestly tell you that I have seen them too, and that they are real-whatever they are.  Something strange is going on across our world that defies our own human logic or explanation.  Whatever it is truly mystifies us all!  Thank you.;36.7614;-86.1929
