Changing color lights attached to fixed and invisible object in the sky during meteor shower.;2008-08-01 02:00:00;3 minutes;Changing color lights attached to fixed and invisible object in the sky during meteor shower. I do not remember the exact year, day, or time due to having memory problems about the event. Its like the harder I try to remember, the more it fades, like a dream . I do know for a fact though that this was not a dream as my sister witnessed it as well.  It was during the annual Perseid meteor shower, so July-August, between the years of 2006-2008 I believe. I know I was still in high school. This is what I remember clearly.  My sister and I went outside at around 2 a.m. to watch the meteor shower on our front lawn.  We were laying down in the grass and watching the meteors, they were very bright and numerous, when I noticed something in my peripheral vision.  I looked, at this point my sister was looking at it too, and literally on top of the tree line directly across from our driveway,  so very close and low, was a line of fixed lights that were changing colors.  They seemed to be attached to something that was not visible to our eyes.  The lights stayed in the same spot, they did not shift position at all. If whatever they were attached to was a craft, then it had the ability to hover without any movement or noise what-so-ever. It was completely silent. There was an unnatural silence about the world that was noticeable.  Any background noise was gone.  It was like we had been isolated in a bubble away from the rest of the world that is the only way I can describe this complete lack of sound. We watched the lights move around what appeared to be an invisible, disc-shaped object for what seemed like a few minutes and then it was gone.  I blinked and it was gone.  I don't know if it just turned off the lights and was still there or if it took off, but it did it in the blink of an eye without making a single sound or leaving any trail or evidence. I'm not sure what happened after that. It was like it was immediately gone from my memory. I don't know if I talked to my sister about it, if we finished watching meteors, when we went back inside, I don't remember. When I did remember the incident, which was YEARS later, it was like I was remembering a dream from long ago and could not grasp the whole story or all the information. I only know it actually happened because my sister witnessed and remembers it too. She did not remember it though until I asked her about it years later and then she described to me the same thing I remembered, but that the memory was weird and fuzzy. Other experiences possibly worth noting were my only sleep paralysis experience in which I saw a being of light and weird geometrical bruising that appeared on my back as a child. The sleep paralysis experience was weird, because I thought that I had the ability to move, but when I tried I experienced so much pain throughout my body that I just held still as to not experience anymore pain. The whole time a very tall being made out of light was observing me. The bruising happened when I was maybe 10, I was camping in Nikiski, AK and woke up with geometrical(squares, rectangles, triangles) bruises covering half of my back. Not sure if these are related, but food for thought.;60.6163999999999;-151.2618
