My brother and I saw what we thought was a car approaching on the rise of a hill.  The lights were so bright we turned our eyes away fr;1969-11-22 17:00:00;5 minutes;My brother and I saw what we thought was a car approaching on the rise of a hill.  The lights were so bright we turned our eyes away from them and shielded our eyes with our hands. We were riding a snow machine so we stopped and waited for  what we thought was a car. There was no sound and then the lights began to back up, and then dissapeared as if the driver had changed their mind and was going back down the hill instead of coming toward us. We got back on the snow machine and started up toward the road, but when we got to where the lights had been there were no tracks of any kind, not even snow machine tracks.  We continued on and then my brother told me to turn off the flashlight so the batteries would not wear down. I told him I didn't have the flashlight on and he said oh sh_t !  I looked down to where he had been looking and saw what looked like a number of light patterns that were running along beside us on the snow.  Each light pattern had like three separate lights. All of a sudden the light patterns took off and went through the woods, but not like normal lights. It was as if they were going somewhere and they did not float in the air they skimmed over the snow around trees and dissappeared over a hill. ((NUFORC Note:  Date and time are approximate.  Source is anonymous.  PD));60.6163999999999;-151.2618
Light quickly grows in intensity and then fades to nothing.;1987-01-30 21:00:00;5 seconds;Light quickly grows in intensity and then fades to nothing. I went outside to feed my dog.  I normally spend a few minutes looking at the stars and observing looking at constellations, spotting satellites, etc. As I glanced over the sky to my north, I noticed a star that I didn't recognize.  I shrugged it off as being an airplane and figured I'd look again in a minute to see if it was still there.  As I looked a little to the east, and north of the light (towards the big dipper), I saw the light get very bright out of the corner of my eye.  I looked towards the direction of the light, and over the course of maybe 2 seconds the light grew very bright, brighter than Venus on comparison, and then quickly faded away to nothing.  I could not tell if this was an object that appeared bright as it come closer to me and dim as it went away, or if the object was in fact getting brighter and then faded to nothing.   If the object was in motion, it would have been vastly quicker in speed than any conventional aircraft.  There were no sounds associated with this event.;60.6163999999999;-151.2618
At first they looked like bright stars, but stars don't move, right?;2004-01-01 00:00:00;15 minutes;At first they looked like bright stars, but stars don't move, right? One night, as my boyfriend, his friend, and I were walking around our apartment building, we stopped to look up at the stars. It was a clear winter night, and while gazing upward we spotted what at first we thought was a satellite. It was a little brighter than the surrounding stars, and was moving at about the same speed as a satellite at first. We then noticed another, and another. Total there were at least three and possibly as many as six. For about 15-30 minutes we watched as these lights came together in a group, lined up beside each other, branched from one another and then came together again. (I’ve forgotten the exact sequence in which this happened.) At one point three of the lights aligned in triangle formation, and moved around as a group. They took turns branching off from the triangle and then coming back. They all moved in straight lines, there didn’t seem to be much, if any, curve to their movement. When the disappeared, it was fast, and almost like they were being sucked back into the black of the sky. It reminded us of “warp speed” from Star Trek. The three of us all saw the same thing, and being the open minded people we are, didn’t take long to come to the conclusion that whatever we saw were some sort of space crafts, possessing technology way beyond human capability. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));60.6163999999999;-151.2618
Strange fast moving lights high in the sky;2014-04-09 11:30:00;2 hours;strange fast moving lights high in the sky was looking up at the stars and noticed a light that was traveling at very high speed, was very high in the sky ,   that was yesterday so went out tonight and im seeing many more checked air travel website and they only list a small amount of air traffic at this time and I saw at least 6-7 different lights moving and would slow down and speed up and change directions and disappear very strange , and was like a yellow/white light like a star.;60.6163999999999;-151.2618
