Metallic Oval hovers in broad daylight at Great Falls International Airport;1995-04-16 10:30:00;10 minutes;Metallic Oval hovers in broad daylight at Great Falls International Airport This sighting changed me.  Previous to it, I dismissed all claims of sightings of UFO’s as explainable.  However, I saw the object in such broad daylight, in such clear sight, for a period of time, that it was totally inexplicable to me.  I even had time to go inside and get another person as a witness. Unfortunately, I did not think to scramble for a camera or a video recorder.  Although, I do have another witness who saw it as well. I tried for some time to find out whether there were any reports of activity at the air traffic control tower, or any reports by any other civilians however I was unsuccessful in doing so. Now, I will also say that I did not think of the sighting as a “UFO” at the time, but rather just something to think about. It was probably 1-2 years later, when watching TV and seeing recorded footage of the same object sighted and recorded by many in Mexico, which according to the program made Mexican News, that I was struck by the fact that I had seen exactly the same thing. I believe it was Easter or around Easter in probably mid 1990’s.  (I believe it was 1995.  Might be able to reconstruct better timeframe with effort).  I was in my early 20’s, and was visiting my family.  It was probably between 10am and Noon, it was sunny with a few clouds and was pretty still.  We lived just below the airport,  as it is situated on a prairie rim.  From there I could see the air control tower, as well as some buildings, and of course commercial and military jets taking of and landing.  I was very used to seeing weather balloons, which I could also see very plainly when they went up. What I saw was a shiny object, mostly metallic-chrome-like, not completely round, oblong-round, just hovering in the sky approximately in vicinity of the air traffic control tower.  I never saw it move.  It seemed small, much smaller than even the F-16 jets that would take off.  I do remember turning away and returning minutes later, and it was gone.  Then later it was there again.  There was no movement ever witnessed, and it just appeared to maintain its position perfectly. I witnessed it for minutes.  I went inside and got another person to come out and look at it.  I asked, “do you see that?”.  “Yes,” they confirmed.  “What would you say that it is?” I asked.  “I don’t know,” they said.  “How would you describe it?”, I asked.  “Like a metallic object, just floating there,” they said.  We then returned inside.  Soon we came out again, and it was never seen again. Given the years I had had at the same residence, looking at the same buildings, same air traffic tower, same sky, planes, weather balloons, etc., I am totally convinced of what I saw.  I do not profess to know anything of what it could be. However, I have really wanted to know how to investigate weather air traffic control (FAA) reported anything, whether the Air National Guard also at same site reported anything, and whether there have been any other civilian sightings fitting that timeframe, date, time, location, etc.;47.5002269430051;-111.287055958549
on august 19th. @ 20:00 hrs. we witnessed an unidientified craft.  It came to a complete stop for 10 seconds, then proceded to climb st;1999-08-19 20:00:00;5 min;on august 19th. @ 20:00 hrs. we witnessed an unidientified craft.  It came to a complete stop for 10 seconds, then proceded to climb straight upward, stopped again for 10 sec. and proceded straight upward at a high rate of speed.  Heading northeast and upward it raced completely out of sight. The craft was  oval shaped and silver gleaming, and  was at a very high attitude.  Myself Randy and Jon witnessed this event on August 19, 1999, at 20:00.  The craft came to a complete halt at a high altitude, and remained completely stationery for long enough for us to get out of the vehicle and looked at the object through a pair binoculars.  It then proceeded at a high rate of speed straight up and again came to complete stop.  It then started in a direction towards us overhead and upward gainin in altitude quickly northeast towards Malmstrom Air Force Base in Great Falls, Montana. For a moment there was a small stream of white trailing behind the object.   Within moments it disappeared into thin air.  Even with high power binoculars  the object was gone.   It was broad daylight with a few light clouds, and we were on the northside of town along the Missouri River.;47.5002269430051;-111.287055958549
