Orange Orb and blinking lights.;2014-06-17 21:30:00;2 minutes;Orange Orb and blinking lights My family vacations at Oak Island every year, and we have seen the orbs on several occasions, and have taken to sitting outside and watching for them.   On this night, an orange orb appeared over the ocean.  It remained stationary and bright for nearly two minutes, then disappeared.  We waited several minutes for more but nothing happened so we went inside.   About an hour later, my husband went outside and saw rapidly-blinking white lights moving erratically in the same area of the sky (about 30 degrees above the horizon).   We watched the lights for several minutes until they stopped.;33.9142;-78.1280999999999
Glowing orbs in ocean surf during thunderstorm.;2014-06-20 23:00:00;5 minutes;Glowing orbs in ocean surf during thunderstorm. This sighting may not technically be classified as UFO, since the objects were not actually flying, but it came on the heels of (1) a sighting of the typical orange orbs and flashing white lights frequently seen over the ocean, and (2) a sighting of a strange aircraft which I believe was a military drone.  I am reporting those sightings separately. On the night of June 20, my husband and I were vacationing with his family at an ocean-front home on Oak Island about 1/2 mile east of Ocean Crest Pier.  At about 10:30 a thunderstorm began to roll in, and by about 11:00 the storm was in full force.  My husband, his brother, my daughter and I were out on the porch facing the ocean, watching the lightning.  My daughter, who is 22 years old, suddenly said what is THAT? and pointed to the right (west) toward the beach. We saw a glowing, blue ball.  At first we assumed someone was walking on the beach with a light, although it was a torrential downpour and there was lighting flashing every 10 seconds or so.  However, when the lightning would flash we could clearly see that the ball was floating in the surf, probably in about 4 feet of water, and it was moving in a straight, steady line up the shore toward the east. Based on its location, it appeared to be at least 2 feet in diameter.  We then noticed a glowing red ball following the blue ball by about 200 feet, and following that was a second red ball which also appeared to be about 200 feet behind the first red ball. We stood and watched the balls moving through the surf.  They were not being blown or pushed by the waves, and they were not bobbing.  The blue ball appeared to the larger than the red balls. They moved in a steady, straight line past our house.  My daughter tried to get a video on her phone, but her camera wouldn't focus because of the heavy rainfall.  About that time a young woman in the house next door came out onto her porch and saw the balls as well.  She asked if we knew what they were, but we could only shake our heads in bewilderment. As we watched, the first red ball suddenly seemed to roll or be blown out of the water and went up into the dune.  As soon as that occurred, the other balls seemed to just disappear.  The following morning,  I walked along the dunes to see if there was any sign of the red ball, but found nothing.   I am completely baffled.;33.9142;-78.1280999999999
At approximately 7:00p.m, I thought I saw a strange light in the sky over the ocean through my window.  I grabbed my glasses and went o;2018-12-18 19:00:00;25 minutes;At approximately 7:00p.m, I thought I saw a strange light in the sky over the ocean through my window.  I grabbed my glasses and went out onto our porch, which faces the ocean to the south.  Whatever light I had seen was no longer visible but I noticed some small white lights blinking very fast and moving at what appeared to be extreme rates of speed.  The lights would sometimes appear to be chasing each other and other times seemed to be moving in unison. I knocked on the window and my husband came outside and watched with me.  We saw as many as ten of these lights at any given time and they would sometimes blink, sometimes the light would be steady and then they would just disappear.  The ocean was very calm and we would have been able to hear jet sounds, but there were none.  After a few minutes of this, we saw a very bright orange light appear, which hovered for several seconds before disappearing.  This happened about 3 more times, all the while the white lights were continuing to blink and jump around.  We then heard a loud rumble like a fighter jet and after that that it was quiet again and all the lights seemed to cease.  This event lasted about 15 minutes. We went back inside, but after about 10 minutes I went back out to look again.  I began seeing the blinking white lights again, and occasionally heard the jet sounds.  My husband came back out and again we saw the orange lights only this time multiple appeared at one time and one of them split into about six lights in a straight line at an angle.  This happened two more times, after which the white lights had moved further away and to the west before disappearing altogether.  This second event lasted about 10 minutes. I would like to note that we have seen this same phenomenon, or parts of it, on several occasions from this same location.  I would really like to know what it is we’re seeing.;33.9142;-78.1280999999999
