Light Show Over The North Mountain;2002-07-06 23:45:00;10 minutes;Light Show Over The North Mountain it was friday night around 11:45 pm.  My friend ((deleted name)) and I were walking my dog.  When we got just outside of Middleton,  about 500 meters from the wilmot sign, we were crossing the little hallow that spans from middleton and enters wilmot and when we got into the middle of the hallow where there are less trees, we could both see three very bright orange lights with a little blue appear from over the north mountain. they were so bright that the light reflected from the river that passes below the bridge.  ((name deleted))'s first thought was that it was probably a few stars but stars are not as bright as these were.  they were so bright in fact, that you could see the house and barn in the distance pretty clearly, where as normally at this time of night you couldn't. my first thought, maybe airplanes.   but there was no sound.  my dog (2 year old pomeranian) began to whine a little, i didn't know if she was scared, or what.  maybe she just wanted to get moving on.  The 3 lights began to blink one at a time and out of unison, twinkling like a christmas tree for about 10 seconds.   ((name deleted)) let out a little chuckle and the said i'm getting ((deleted)) scared man! i was nervous and i got out my cell phone and called my cousin who lives about a 5 minute walk away from where we were and told him to get into his FAST and come to the hollow.    then lights seemed to back away and fly behind the mountain again leaving light shining from behind the mountain and shining up through the sky simular to the Aurora Borealis effect.  5 seconds passed as the light became dimmer and dimmer and then brighter again and brighter until the three lights came back to the same exact position as they were before, accompanied by 3 more lights. Six bright orange lights flew around each other in the firefly fashion for about 30 seconds and then stopped on a dime. Then they oraganized themselves as three lights remained on the bottom and to more were over the 3 lights and one light on top - all close together , forming a small triangle.  my cousin! arrived with his car, got out,  and said out loud what the hell?  my dog began barking out loud and much with a few whines in between each bark.   the triangle of lights raise up in the sky over the north mountain.  up, up, up, up, til they were like about 5 kilometers up in the sky and proceded to fly pretty quickly across the valley from the north mountain to the south mountain.   Except for the dog, we were all very silent as the small triangle of lights flew over us.  i had to cover my dog's mouth for a few seconds to hear the faint high pitched hovering or humming sounds coming from up above.  you could only hear them if you listened carefully because they were so far away but they sort of sounded like a swarm of Bees.  my cousin said in a nervous voice lets get out of here! after the lights passed over us and continued flying south, they disappeared completely. me, ((name deleted)), and my cousin were silent for a moment but the dog continued barking.   i asked my cousin what the heck that could have been.  and he didn't know, neither did i, nor billy. No one of us slept for a few nights becare it was really a hard to forget, scary experience.  we have told a few people about this but no one believes us. We don't do drugs, and as neither of us had any money for liquor that night, no one of were drinking and we were totally sober.  it's something none of us will every forget. ((NUFORC Note:  We will request corroborative reports from the other two witnesses (excluding the dog).  We presume the location of the sighting was Nova Scotia, Canada.  PD));44.8995;-65.0727
Neon green light, zig-zag flight pattern;2009-08-16 23:00:00;3 seconds;Neon green light, zig-zag flight pattern Green light zig-zagged into the night sky, BRIGHT NEON GREEN and had a green light trail behind it. It was clear skys, we even witnessed a shooting star moments after the incident and the neon green light was much larger and closer. Accelerated in a abnormally fast and smooth manner. Absolutely no sound, NOVA SCOTIA is farmland... and forests;44.8995;-65.0727
