Flying lights over Ajo and Southern, Arizona.;2006-11-30 12:17:00;2 hours;((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the individual who submitted the translation of the report, in Spanish, for the sighting in Ajo, AZ, on November 30, 2006.  PD)) Flying lights over Ajo and Southern, Arizona I'm translating the even observed by two Mexican nationals on 12/07/2006. Hello:  We are two persons from Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico.  On the night of November 30, midnight to be exact.  We were travelling from Tucson to Rocky Point.  After we pass Sells, AZ, we started to see a pair of very bright amber lights and around them 4 white bright intermintent lights that seem to be from airplanes. When we stopped, we were able to hear noise from military jets, then we assumed it came from the white lights.  The amber lights desapeared after two minutes.  The jets appeared to be looking for them but could not find anything suddenly, in the middle of the jets, three huge amber lights reappeared, and a cat and mouse game between the amber lights and the military jets started, 4 minutes later all lights desappeared. We continued our trip and when we were 20 miles from Why, AZ, the amber lights appeared over a mountain close to Ajo they were in the for about 5 minutes.  My friend stopped the car and I stepped out of the car to record with a small digital camera a few minutes later, another light appeared next to the one on the right side.  When the lights were changing direction in the sky they were leaving a gray streak behind them but it's not appreciated in the video. My friend shut off the car, and the lights started to fade, at that moment the military jets (I suppose) reappeared. Later when we were travelling from Why to Lukeville, we still could notice that the lights were behind the mountains near Ajo furthermore, when we passed Sonoita, already in the Mexican side and we were travelling to Rocky Point, we could still the lights for 5 more minutes. The amber lights always faded when the military jets approached them. If someone knows the answer to this event, I'd like to know what it is, because it seemed very strange and thrilling at the same time.;32.2295;-112.6542
