Flying lights Over Garlic, Arizona.;2006-11-30 12:17:00;15 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the individual who submitted the translation of the report, in Spanish, for the sighting in Ajo, AZ, on November 30, 2006.  PD)) Flying lights Over Garlic, Arizona Flying lights On Garlic, Arizona, Flying Light to over Garlic, Arizona  Hello:  We are two people of Hermosillo, Sonant, who we traveled from Tucson to Port Rocky crag by the American side, and since we passed a town called sells we began to see a pair of incandescent lights color ambar, and around them 4 intermintentes white lights that seemed airplanes.   When we stopped ourselves, we listened to the noises of jets and we supposed that the white lights were it, in fact, amber disappeared despues of a pair of minutes.  The airplanes were looking for by all the sky but he did not appear nothing, suddenly, in the sky, in the middle of the airplanes, return to appear 3 lights to ambar immense. and it begins the game between these lights and the airplanes, and after 4 minutes, they disappear. When soon we were about  20 miles of Why, AZ, on which it is Garlic, appeared of new account the lights, above of a hill, two of them, and thus they were near 5 minutes.  My companion, stopped the Car and I lowered to film with one camara of Cybershots photos, and moments later , the light of the right begins to appear other but.  In the video it is not appraised, but these lights at night left a form of gray sign on the black when they turned.  When my companion extinguished the lights, then they began to disappear the three and they began to arrive from new account the airplanes, I suppose the military. When soon we were from Why to Lukeville, it was seen in the horizon, course to Garlic, that the lights we still back of a hill.  It is but, when we passed Sonoita Sonorous, Mexico, course to Port Rocky crag, still was reached to see the lights by about 5 minutes but.  They the lights dimmed in intensity when the military airplanes approached. If somebody knows or has answer to this, I would like to know it because it extremely seemed to me  both strange and exciting. I am just translating this text into English if you need more help in translating text form Spanish to english feel free to contact me. Thank You;32.2295;-112.6542
Luces Voladoras Sobre Ajo, Arizona, Flying Light over Ajo, Arizona;2006-11-30 20:00:00;2 horas;Luces Voladoras Sobre Ajo, Arizona, Flying Light over Ajo, Arizona Hola: Somos dos personas de Hermosillo, Sonora que viajamos de Tucson a Puerto Peñasco por el lado americano, y desde que pasamos un pueblo llamado sells empezamos a ver un par de luces incandescentes color ambar, y alrededor de ellas 4 luces blancas intermintentes que parecían aviones. Cuando nos paramos, escuchamos los ruidos de jets y supusimos que las luces blancas lo eran, de hecho, las ambar desaparecieron despues de un par de minutos. Los aviones estuvieron buscando por todo el cielo pero no aparecía nada, de repente, en el cielo, en medio de los aviones, vuelven a aparecer 3 luces ambar inmensas. y empieza el juego entre estas luces y los aviones, y al cabo de 4 minutos, desaparecen.  Luego, cuando estabamos como a 20 millas de Why, AZ, sobre lo que es Ajo, aparecieron de nueva cuenta las luces, arriba de un cerro, dos de ellas, y así estuvieron cerca de 5 minutos. Mi compañero, paró el automovil y me bajé a filmar con una camara de fotos Cybershots, y despues de unos momentos, de la luz de la derecha empieza a aparecer otra mas. En el video no se aprecia, pero estas luces dejaban una especie de rastro gris sobre lo negro de la noche cuando giraban. Cuando mi compañero apagó las luces, en ese momento empezaron a desaparecer las tres y empezaron a llegar de nueva cuenta los aviones supongo militares.  Luego cuando ibamos de Why a Lukeville, se veía en el horizonte, rumbo a Ajo, que las luces seguian escondidas detras de un cerro. Es mas, cuando pasamos Sonoita Sonora, Mexico, rumbo a Puerto Peñasco, todavía se alcanzaron a ver las luces por unos 5 minutos mas. Siempre se disminuian de intensidad cuando se acercaban los aviones militares.  Si alguien sabe o tiene respuesta a esto, me gustaría saberla porque me pareció sumamente extraño y emocionante. ((NUFORC Note:  Could someone translate this report for us, and mail it to us, using an Online Report Form?  Thank you!  PD));32.2295;-112.6542
Flying lights over Ajo, Arizona.  ((NUFORC Note:  Translation of other report, by Tom Bowden, MUFON State Director, Oregon.  PD));2006-11-30 20:00:00;2 hours;Flying lights over Ajo, Arizona Translation of original report submitted in Spanish:  Hello: We are two people from Hermosillo, Sonora, [Mexico] who were traveling from Tucson to Puerto Penasco on the American side [of the border], and after we passed a town called sells we began to see a pair of bright, amber lights, and around them 4 blinking white lights that seemed like aircraft.  When we stopped, we heard the sounds of jets and we supposed that the white lights were in fact the jets, [and] the amber lights disappeared after a couple of minutes.  The airplanes were searching all over the sky but nothing appeared suddenly in the sky, right in the middle of the jets, 3 immense amber lights reappeared.  And the game began between these lights and the planes, and after 4 minutes, they disappeared.  Then, when we were about 20 miles from Why, AZ, the group of lights appeared again over the place called Ajo, above a butte, two of them, and they stayed there for about 5 minutes.  My companion stopped the car and I began shooting with a Cybershot camera, and after a few moments, more lights began to come out of the light on the right side.  In the video, you really can't see it well, but these lights left a sort of gray trail against the black night sky when they moved around.   When my companion turned off the headlights, at that moment the three lights began to disappear, and the group of aircraft, probably military, began arriving.  Then when we headed from Why to Lukeville, one could see on the horizon in the direction of Ajo that the lights were hidden behind a butte.  But when we passed Sonoita, Sonora, Mexico, headed for Puerto Penasco, the lights still could be seen for another 5 minutes.  If anyone knows or has an explanation for this, I would like to know what it was, because to me it seemed extremely strange and upsetting.  ((NUFORC Note:  Translation of other report, by Tom Bowden, MUFON State Director, Oregon.  We express our gratitude to Tom for providing the translation.  PD));32.2295;-112.6542
Many lights, changing color and blinking randomly, merging and dividing, flying randomly and also in formation, in Ajo, AZ on 9/16/09.;2009-09-16 17:00:00;15-30 mins;Many lights, changing color and blinking randomly, merging and dividing, flying randomly and also in formation, in Ajo, AZ on 9/16/09. My friend Lisa and I are currently on a road trip from Pittsburgh, PA to Las Vegas, NV and back. Last night, at around 6pm. mountain standard time, September 16th, 2009, we arrived at Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument which is roughly 25 miles South of Ajo, Arizona, and roughly 5 miles North of the Mexican Border. We set up camp and cooked dinner, and at around 7:30 pm, I whitnessed a reddish/amber light blinking  twice in the sky just over the horizon in a Southeastrn direction.  It then disappeared, and then several white lights started blinking in the E/SE direction of the sky.  I would say Probably 3 different lights blinking randomly. Lisa did not see this with me.   A few hours passed, we went into the tent to go to sleep.  The tent has a mesh top so that you can see the stars.  At around 9:00 pm, Lisa and I heard a very loud sound, kind of like a jet engine, that ended abruptly.  We decided to look in the sky at the area where the sound was coming fr! om, East.  I saw another red/amber light moving slowly from East to Southeast, it then disappeared and 3 or 4 more objects started blinking randomly, on no set pattern.  They then slowly dissapeared and we stopped watching.  About 15 minutes later, we decided to look East again and we saw the flashing lights again.  This time, there were 4 lights.  They all were flying different directions at first, but then then formed into two pairs in formation and flew from East to Southeast.  We heard brief sounds of engines.  Then, it looked liked 2 of them were about to crash, they then merged into one orb of white light.  Then, they all started blinking and some of them turned off completely while others stayed on, and others turned off completely.  Then, all four started blinking frequently but randomly, and all of a sudden, there were six lights blinking in the sky.  For the next few minutes, they all spread out then slowly disappeared at different times.  At times we could clearl! y see that they were flying over Mexico, as we could see Mexic! an citie s and border crossings South of us and the objects were definitely over these towns and farther away.  That particular sighting was about 9:15 - 9:30/9:45.  We saw no other activity that night.;32.2295;-112.6542
Rolling thunder-like sounds and 2 floating  white lights in clear evening sky.  ((anonymous report));2019-04-30 22:00:00;30 minutes;Rolling thunder-like sounds and 2 floating  white lights in clear evening sky. Ajo, AZ  April 30:  Approximately 10PM  Camping in my Airstream, heard sounds like rolling thunder, checked weather map on computer for SW AZ, nothing sighted nearby.  Heard it again and went out to see two blinking white lights and roaring sound coming from opposite direction. The lights floated away seemingly randomly and then disappeared.  They were the colors of stars but were bigger and brighter.  I looked up any Air bases near AJO and there are none. I saw the lights twice about 15 minutes apart.  They did not move like aircraft, they were faster and appeared to float and bob.;32.2295;-112.6542
