Possible abduction from my room.;1984-08-15 01:00:00;?;((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have assigned an artificial date and time to the case.  PD)) Possible abduction from my room. I had just laid down when I heard a high pitched whirring sound.Then a extremely bright light came through my window. I can remember grabbing my bed and trying to hold on because it felt like I was being absorbed into the light. The next thing I remember I was lying on a bed or table. The feel and look of the table was cold and had a gray porcelan look to it. It did not have legs but the base came from the floor. I was covered with a thin silver blanket it did not feel as if were made from cloth. There were several beings standing beside the table I believe 2 on one side and 3 on the other. On the side with 3 one stood by my head and tried to calm me as the others performed the procedures. He seemed to communicate to me telepathically I do not remember him speaking to me directly. I'm not sure of the color but they were medium hieght. With two elongated eyes and a slit for a mouth.  He informed me that I would not remember this, that I would not be harmed and they would try not to hurt me. I remember this light above my head, it started at my head and slowly and extremely painfully moved down my body. It felt like I was being rolled by a rolling pin. When it got to my feet it stopped I was in alot of pain. I remember feeling like I was going tp puke as I was being told that they were going to make one more pass back up to my head. At that point I began pleading to be let go that it was to painful I could not take it. The being at my head then said something to the being that I took to be in charge thay seemed to have a little heated arguement. He turned to me and told me that I had years earlier ask them to come and that I would not resist. Then I remembered yelling into the sky years earlier with a friend that I wanted to meet and would be willing to be examined by a UFO. Now that they were doing it he said I was whining about it. A few more words were exchanged with his boss and the light began its trip back up. The one comforting me said We are sorry if we harmed you and scared you I lost it. I remember feeling  the beam place me in my bed and as I looked up the light left my room. I was scared ((word deleted)) I ran to my parents room crying and then I went to some of the windows in the house to look outside. My parents dismissed it. A few days later on the news a UFO was reported to have been seen in a city close to where I live. I have told only a few people but we joke about it. However I am tired of joking about it because it did happen. I remember it and I have tried to avoid reading or watching anything that might embellish my abduction. I trie! d to be calm and remember as much as I could because I knew no one would believe me. I think they put me back before they had finished. I was 21 or 22 years old. Non smoker, non drinker and I did and do not use drugs.;37.7921428571429;-81.2050200000001
Sighted an object that could only be seen through the lens of sunglasses.  Appeared as a bright star.;2004-06-03 12:23:00;One minute +;Sighted an object that could only be seen through the lens of sunglasses.  Appeared as a bright star. On Thursday, June 03, 2004, around 12:23pm EDT (16:23 UTC), I spotted  what I consider a UFO.  I was traveling north on I-77/I-64.  The sky was overcast with cirrus  type clouds at various levels.  The temperature was probably in the  70's.  At about 12 o'clock in front of me I saw a bright round object  that resembled a large star.  It was approximately 45 degrees  (altitude) from the horizon.  Travel was from east to west.  Velocity  is unknown, but it traveled about 90 degress from in front of me to the  west in about a minute.  It was slow, as much so as a prop plane.  The most curious thing is that I was wearing sunglasses.  They are  probably somewhat polarized.  I looked over the glasses to try to see a  contrail.  The object just seemed to disappear.  When I looked  through them again, I could see the bright object again.  I looked over  my glasses for the second time and could see only sky.  Sun was behind  me.  I could only see the object through my glasses!  Cloaking?  ET?  Terrestrial?  As far as I know, I am the only one to see it.  I have seen planes in the evening look somewhat like a bright star, but  not around noon.  And I could see them with my       eye.;37.7921428571429;-81.2050200000001
