The house is a small two story, 25 yards from the Cleveland Hardwick airport in Cleveland Tennessee. The airport beacon would shine in;1998-04-12 23:30:00;2 min.;The house is a small two story, 25 yards from the Cleveland Hardwick airport in Cleveland Tennessee. The airport beacon would shine in through the bedroom window with it's rythmic flashes every night. I'm a pilot and enjoied living so close to the airport with the sounds of the planes and goings on. I could identify almost every plane by the sound. I was awoken by my, then, wife with her saying their here! She was out of bed and heading toward the window on her side of the bed by the time I was awake. The room was filled with blue light coming from the small window in our up stairs bed room. By the time I was on my feet and walking around the bed toward the window she was trying to open the window. The window was an inexpensive aluninium frame type that had moisture intrusion between the glass panes causing a white calsium deposit to obscure the view. So opening the window was in order to see what was going on out side. When she finally got the window open it made a bang on the aluminium frame. I scolded her for making too much noise. I could only see out of the bottom half of the window so I had to bend down. I saw four half sphere white lights that were so bright it was difficult to see anything else. The airport beacon was obscured completely. However, I could see what I think was the side of the craft. I say craft because there is no other explanation for the lights or anthing else being there. It was completely silent and stationary above a hanger 25 yards from where we were. Now, the most extrordenary thing happened. I have had an interest in UFO's and the possability of life on other planets and inter dimentional travel all my life. So it would stand to reason that when confronted wiuth such an event a photo or closer investigation would be appropriate. After looking at the lights for about 1 minute I closed the window and she and I climed back in bed and promply went to sleep. Right before I closed my eyes I thought what are you doing? A day or so later I remembered a dream that I had and was telling her about it I discribed everything that I could remember down to her banging the window open. Her face changed and she said that she had the same dream. She remembered the sound of the window banging open. That was her trigger. We had the same memmory accept she remebered a man standing on the other side of the street directly across from our house looking toward us. This I must confess I did not see. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));35.1431887283236;-84.8512446531771
I went back to bed.;2000-05-23 23:00:00;????;I went back to bed. Cleveland Tennessee is a small town approximately thirty five miles from Chattanooga, North on Interstate 75. The house that I resised, when this happened, was across the street from Cleveland Hardwick Air Field. A small General Aviation Air Port. On the night of 23 May, 2000, My, then, wife woke me by climbing out of bed saying,Their here! I awoke to the entire roon bathed in a lite blue light. There was no light sorce in the room to create the light. On her side of the bed there was a small metal framed window. I got up and walked around the end of the bed. I was amazed at the amount of lightin the room. The double pane glazing was of a cheap design and moisture had seeped in. This caused the window to be less than transparient. A common in that part of the couontry. To see what was causing the light she opened the window. The slide wasn't exactly smooth, and the window banged open when she forced it. I scolded her for making noise, and possibly compromising our position. Wanting to remain anonymous. I had to bend down to look out of the lower protion of the window. Hovering over an airplane hanger not twenty five yards away, completely mationless and noiseless was a craft. Five brilliantly lit, half spheres, in a circular pattern where protruding from the bottom. The illumination was so bright it was difficult to see much of the craft. However, I could just make out the triangular shape. The sides were verticaly flat, with ridges running horizontally. It appeared to be black. However, dure to the brightness I can't be sure. I looked at the craft long enough to make these observations. Then the most extraordinary thig happened. I closed the window and went back to bed. I say this was extraordinary because I just saw something I've wondered about all my life and I just turned my back and went back to bed! I didn't take a picture. I didn't call anyone. I didn't go out side to get a better look. I just closed the window, walked around the bed, got in, and went to sleep. It wasn't until the next evening that I mentioned it to my wife. Atfirst she just looked at me like I had lost my mind. Then she said that she had a dream just like that. The window being banged open is what she remembered. She also said that she remembered a person standing across the street looking at our house. I didn't see anyone. This is true as I remember it. I have no reason to fabricate this story. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Source of report occupies position of considerable responsibility, involving considerable detail.  PD));35.1431887283236;-84.8512446531771
i was coming home from church ,on a country road iseen a v shaped ufo flying from the right, it flue over me and landed in a feild.it w;2000-12-13 20:40:00;3 minutes;i was coming home from church ,on a country road iseen a v shaped ufo flying from the right, it flue over me and landed in a feild.it was very cold that night,this ufo had rotating lights under it.i didnt stop.I whent home and told my husband about it.this ufo had no sound. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));35.1431887283236;-84.8512446531771
