30+UFO’s followed 1 another for 20min in straight line from NW to SE.  ((NUFORC Note:  Starlink satellites?  PD));2019-11-24 05:45:00;25 minutes;30+UFO’s followed 1 another for 20min in straight line from NW to SE skies somedoing amazing maneuvers b4 disappearing I was resting after I was walking to my deer hunting tree stand in the Navarino State Wild Life Area at 5:30 AM. I’m disabled and unable to walk very far at one time, needing a rest now and then to rest my legs & back. I decided I needed to rest, I was laying down on the ground face up looking at the stars. I always look to a group of 3 horizontal Stars at 332 degrees NW because I’ve always loved the way they look from my home located in Keshena, Wi. I noticed a group of what I thought were vertical stars that I’ve never noticed before. I watched the group of 7 or so stars at 307 degrees NW start moving slowly (actually it had to be a fantastic speed after watching) at a south eastern direction. As this group moved MANY others followed that weren’t there earlier, they just seemed to appear from no where. The others just would pop out of the dark, cloudless sky and begin traveling a straight line across the sky, following one another, traveling over me, layin! g on my back looking up, also moving in the SW direction IN a straight formation. These STARS were not Jet Planes or Satellites (I’ve observed both and I have viewed the space station travel across the sky a few times, also from my home in Keshena, Wi) because occasionally 1 or 2 would pass one another very quickly or move around in the sky in fdother directions always going back into their place in line after a short time. I counted 31 of these STARS (UFO’s) only after I realized these were not stars I was watching. Most of them followed each other in a perfect line, except a few that made some unbelievable movements at unbeatable speed. These STARS all started to disappear after going a very long distance over head in a very short period of time (I watched all of these UFO’s go from one end of the sky to the other in about 20 minutes. All of these objects suddenly Started to disappeared 1 after another when they reached a certain point in the sky at 121 degrees SE. I have! observed a few other objects from my home in Keshena, Wiscons! in 54135 from time to time. Never have I observed more than 2 objects at once (5 times it was 1 object, 3 times I watched 2 objects “playing with one another”) This actually scared me a little, after I started to understand what I just witnessed.  I didn’t know what these could be except UFO’s.  I observed these UFO’s for approximately 25 minutes after I decided to write the time and direction of travel down in my phone. I am NOT a nut, I am being truthful about everything. I hadn’t started counting until I realized these stars were actually UFO’s. They looked like stars though, white stars in the sky, no clouds, calm night, the moon was barely visible, almost a sliver. PLEASE contact me as I’d like to discuss this with someone. I’ll be returning to Navarino State Wild Life Area again Wednesday because I am unable to hunt by myself due to my severe back problems. Thank you, I will look forward to speaking with someone in the near future possibly? I would also be happy to show someon! e the actual location, at the actual time of this incident if someone would like. Again, Thank You;44.7019;-88.457
