Bright light fluidly moving through the sky.;2019-12-16 02:00:00;3 hours;Bright light fluidly moving through the sky. I’ve observed this craft for almost two weeks and I’m not entirely sure what it is.  It might be a drone or a UFO, but it is certainly not an airplane, helicopter, or satellite because its movement patterns conflict with aerodynamic animations typical in planes and helicopters and it’s too fluid to be a satellite.  The craft exhibits sporadic unidirectional movements without the buffering process of reorientation.  For example, this vehicle can change directions without backing up or turning around.  Additionally, it’s capable of hovering in the air for hours, or speeding (however, I’ve never observed any brisk movements, it mostly hovers around the same region for hours) which is uncharacteristic of planes and helicopters, but not drones (depending on the type, if it is a drone it’s incredibly expensive).  The vehicle in question emerges exclusively during the evening, roughly between 12 AM and 3 AM, and lingers for three to five hours.  Maybe it stays longer, bu! t I’ve never managed to stay up long enough to witness it.  The craft possesses white lights, which amplify in certain contexts. For example, an almost indiscernible second craft approached the hovering, distinguishable vehicle and both brightened when in close proximity of each other.  The indistinguishable craft immediately disappeared after, following with a bright projectile shooting from the sky.  Firstly, I couldn’t tell if the amplified lights were strobe lights or solid lights, and what I’m describing might indicate drone collision lights.  I researched drone collision lights and they’re functional during the full extent of drone-operation.  Sensor-activated collision lights sound perfectly plausible, but I’m struggling to find any examples. Secondly, the bright projectile resembled a “shooting star” and it’s not the first time I’ve seen these “shooting stars” projected from/around this vehicle. However, correlation does not equal causation and they may be unrelated. Another detail to add, however, is that two distinct light proj! ectiles *appeared* to shoot from the isolated craft in a separate occurrence. But, I’ve only witnessed two occurrences of light projectiles coinciding with the craft, so I’m guessing it’s just a regular meteor. I am in no way assigning any definitive explanation because there’s a lot I don’t know. Do what you will and feel free to ask any questions.;34.4827;-118.6254
