((HOAX??))  Glowing blue disc with open engine bay and alien encounter.;2014-04-15 23:00:00;1 minute;Glowing blue disc with open engine bay and alien encounter. ((NUFORC Note:  We are unable to certify that the report is an accurate account of a real incident.  We attempted to reach the source of the report via telephone, and were left with the impression that the report may be a hoax.  PD)) Took my dog out, he was whining hard to get outside.  Dog sensed something out past the back yard, so we walked towards what I assumed was a deer.  Using my flashlight, I lit the area up, and to my shock standing upright behind 3 small trees was a 7 foot tall, kidney bean shaped head with huge black eyes.  It was standing side to behind the trees and kept peeping at me.  It was dressed in a forestry officer green jumpsuit that looked like the cloth from men's pants of the 60s,and a good emblem that looked like an upside-down duck foot.  The suit never seemed to wrinkle, maintaining a perfect appearance. After looking at the alien, saying hi and it's safe.  It slipped away into the woods.  It looked like I scared the crap out of it.  I ran into the house to get a camera, but left the batteries in the house,and came outside to try to get pics.  There was a strange sound, like winter tires on a highway hum, coming from where it ran to.  Then, from the direction of the creature, I seen a blue glow coming over the trees,and to my utter amazement,a glowing blue disc came over the house in an arc.  It was no more than 40 feet above.  I seen the craft structure,as well as an open bay underneath with what I assumed was the motor. The motor,lack of better words, looked like a ceramic, white cup placed upside down under the UFO.  In the center of the white cup, coming down just past the cups lip, there was a red dome light, similar in appearance to a Walmart security camera, attached to a thin bar going to the base of the cup.  There were also 2 black bars, that looked like 2 4x4 woodworking beams, coming down from the cups base,one beside the red dome light and the other close to the cups edge.  These black bars were moving up and down, going around the dome light, like it was steering. The craft was built using pie slice shape panels, the top as well had a red dome light.;44.7343;-65.5168
