Solid diamond shaped craft moving incredibly slow and silent E/SE in VA Beach on 2-11-01;2001-02-11 22:35:00;1-1.5min.;Solid diamond shaped craft moving incredibly slow and silent E/SE in VA Beach on 2-11-01 At 10:35pm I witnessed a very unusual flying object. Heading East/Southeast above and just South, if not directly above Interstae 264 (formerly Route 44) there was an object which was diamond shaped and had 4 red lights on each corner flying relatively low to the ground and absolutely silent. I would say it was probably a half mile up in the sky and about a half mile away from where I witnessed it. This  object was moving so slow! If it were a plane, it would have fell from the sky! No planes fly this slow. I couldn't beleive it! Its lights were not blinking or rotating. They were solid red and stayed in the same posistion for the duration that I witnessed it. When I first saw it, It was just a red light in the sky that was slowly getting closer to me as time passed. As it got closer into view, I could easily make out its shape. It passed my view roughly a half mile from me. Last night was a chilly night with absolutely no wind at all. It was completely still outside except for the very faint sound of occasional traffic in the distance from the interstate. If it had any moving parts or a combustable engine on it...I would have heard it! With the angle that I had witnessed this (about 30 degrees), it was a solid object, and the diamond shape of it was very distinct. After it passed out of my view I ran outside to get another perspective while I still had the chance and was able to witness it again for about another 10 seconds as it silently passed out of my view for good. I do live in a city which has a lot of Military and flying aircraft which practice out of Oceana Naval Air Station which is is the general direction that this object was heading, but I see and hear these jets all the time as anyone who lives near me will say too. This was not a fighter jet! Nor was it a helicopter. Before I witnessed this object, I could hear plain as day other aircraft in the far distances which were miles away! This thing was within rifle range of me and wasn't making a sound. Every aircraft that I have ever seen in my lifetime has had at least one blinking (beacon) light on it, and/or at least one white light. What kind of craft flies around with 4 solid red lights on it, and no beacon light?! Lastly, and most certainly, I mentioned that this object was roughly travelling over the interstate highway...well the vehicles which were occasionally travelling in the same direction as this thing (east/southeast) were moving much faster in the same general direction than the object! So my guess is that it was probably moving at about 30-50 mph.;36.8211467980295;-76.0892914614125
fast and low flying triangular object with red lights over Va Beach, Va  area;2011-04-18 21:00:00;7 minutes;fast and low flying triangular object with red lights over Va Beach, Va  area Last night while riding home from work my boyfriend spotted a triangular object in the sky with flashing red lights asking what is that!?,    I look up to see what could have been mistaken for a helicopter but with one second look I noticed that the object was definitely not a helicopter,  its was traveling at a speed that was way too fast and at a level way too low to be considered any type of domestic aircraft.   It was in shape of a faint  triangle with red lights at its top and bottom traveling horizontally and very low. It was unbelievable!   The air craft then came to a complete stop and its red lights changed to green while it remained still hovering the same spot for about 2 minutes.  I never took my eyes off of it, so my heart sank when it vanished in thin air.;36.8211467980295;-76.0892914614125
