Slow moving 4 small white lights that formed a diamond shape with a larger flashing light on top.;2010-09-08 22:15:00;a couple seconds;Slow moving 4 small white lights that formed a diamond shape with a larger flashing light on top. On Wednesday 09/08/2010 at approximately 22:15 I was driving East on I-64 in Louisa County, VA.   I was approximately 2 miles from exit 148 when I noticed the break lights of a car in front of me slowing down.   I also noticed 3 other cars on the side of the road.  Then I noticed doors opening and people getting out of their cars.   I was in the right hand lane and quickly moved over to the left lane wondering what those people we doing on the side of the road.  It was then that I noticed the lights in the sky.  My first thought was “Oh my God, that plane is going to crash it is way too low!”  Then I realized it was not an airplane.  There were 4 small white lights that formed a diamond shape with one light leading the others.  Above the four small lights, as if forming a pyramid was a much larger flashing light.  The lights were above the tree tops maybe 100 to 200 feet in the air.  The lights were moving west moving very slowly.  I had the windows down in my ! car and there was no noise coming from the lights.  I could see no object definition only lights and I only saw it for a couple second driving by.  I proceeded to pulled off the interstate at exit 148.  I got out of my car to see if I could see the lights again, but I could not.  I quickly drove home and told my wife what I saw.  I watched to local news for any kind of explanation and even checked online for any clues, but there was none  I have a Bachelors degree in Aviation Science and a private pilot’s license.  I spent over 6 years working at airports.  I am very familiar with airplanes and airplane lighting.  Things I noticed about the lights that told me it was not any kind of airplane I had every seen.  There were no red and green wing tip lights.  The flashing lights were at the top where as on an airplane the strobe lights are on the bottom.  They also flashed very fast.  The lights moved very, very slowly.  This happened a little over a hundred miles from Langley AFB.  There are also many navel bases in Norfolk, VA.  We have seen numerous military helicopters flying in our area like the CH-53 Sea Stallion and they are very, very loud.  This is nothing like that.  In fact this is like nothing I’ve ever seen.;38.0132;-78.0347
