It flew from one end of runway to the other shoot straight up turn back shine bright light shoot straight down do it again 100 mph;2003-06-30 14:00:00;1 hour;it flew from one end of runway to the other shoot straight up turn back shine bright light shoot straight down do it again 100 mph it happend at the birmingham airport clear blue skies it was flying above the run way like to land and when it reached the end of the run way it would shoot straight up in a gentil way and about 100 miles an hour it would fly up like 1/4 of a mile and turn back to the start of the run way half way back it would shine very bright lite it would continue and then it would  turn straight down before it reached the ground it would turn horizotal gently at same speed act like to land and go to end of run way and do the same thing again i must say it made no noise no smoke no sign of propulcion as if defying gravity no wings propeller size of about a small car and metalic color at the time my brother and i felt anoyed by it but now i realize it was something special happening i will take a poligraph test to prove this is true. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
A cylinder of blue pulsing light and some sort of craft concealed in a thick low hanging cloud;2007-12-12 21:00:00;20 seconds;A cylinder of blue pulsing light and some sort of craft concealed in a thick low hanging cloud On December 15, 2007 around 9:30 p.m.  my husband and I were heading home.  We were on the Southside of Birmingham and were driving up Arlington Avenue South to cut through to Montclair Road via Carlisle Road.  We live in the Crestwood/Irondale area of Birmingham.   The weather was in the low 60's and overcast and a bit gusty and there was rain in the forecast.  Not really unusual for the south but for some reason it just felt odd almost the way it feels before a thunderstorm or even a tornado.  When we turned onto Montclair from Carlisle, we drove just a short distance approximately a quarter of a mile to where the Pilgrim Church is and we noticed through the trees and up to the left a flash of a very bright blueish light that lasted maybe a second.  We both expected to hear thunder or a boom from a transformer but we heard nothing.  As we continued on maybe another quarter of a mile, we were approaching a red light and intersection.  It should be noted that there is a ridge to the left that runs parallel to Montclair and at the intersection there is a post office to the left and just up from there is another building that houses the Orthopedic Specialists.   This ridge is mostly residential.  As we were about to pass under the red light (speed limit is 25)  to our surprise the brilliant blue light reappeared on the ridge just behind the Orthopedic Specialists building. We were maybe 500 feet from it so you could see it very clearly.  What we saw was truly amazing and we have never ever seen anything like it.   The light was a brilliant plasma blue. It seemed to pulse, it was bright but not blinding.  The cylinder was very large, approximately about 50 - 60 feet across and about 100-120 feet tall.  There seemed to be a cylinder within a cylinder.  The outermost cylinder had a very 3D appearance and the best way to describe it...a Hexagon.  It was slowly rotating counterclockwise.  The innermost cylinder was smooth but it didn't really seem to rotate. You could pretty much see through the cylinder but because of the light it definately had a hazy glow to it.   The cylinder extended up towards what appeared to be a circular stack of levels starting with the lowest level closest to the cylinder, which was made up of rectangle shaped lights arranged around the perimeter of possibly the bottom of a craft.  It too was rotating in a counterclockwise direction.  The next  3 levels stepped up and out and disappeared into a very dense low hanging cloud.  You absolutely could not see what was up in the clouds and I have to say that the cloud was unusually low and very dense and despite how windy it was seemed to just hang there.  The craft just hovered there and it lasted approximately 5 seconds.    Then just like a light switch it turned off.  There was no way to tell if the craft disappeared or if the light just turned off.  We continued traveling down Montclair and trying to put our minds around what we saw.  We had probably travelled less than a quarter of a mile and that took less than a minute when just like before it appeared again.  It seemed to be travelling very slowly along the top of the ridge.  When the light appeared it just seemed to hover over the houses along the top part of the ridge. Again, concealed in the cloud. This time we pulled over and rolled down the window.  There was no noise, no whir, no sound at all.  All of a sudden all of the lights to the left of Montclair Road where the craft was hovering all went out.  The entire neighborhood was cast into darkness.  Of course, curiosity getting the best of us, we decided to turn up into the neighborhood towards the area that the craft might be to see if by some chance we might catch a closer glimpse.  All of the houses were dark, no street lights....very eery but it was obviously gone.   As we made a U turn to go back down towards Montclair there was a very clear view of another ridge that is a few miles away and we could see transformers blowing one after another, maybe 5 in all . The saddest part is I actually had my camera in the backseat, why o why didn't I pull myself together enough to get out my camera and record the event.  At any rate, this was absolutely the most amazing thing that either of us have seen or experienced.    I have to say I have always been a skeptic but I just have no idea what this could have been but it definately seemed to have some purpose or intention in what it was doing.  What would that be?  I have no idea.;33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
