Two objects possibly one moving quickly across the sky.;2007-05-01 00:20:00;several seconds;Two objects possibly one moving quickly across the sky. I am unsure if what I saw was a single object, or two objects moving one in front of the other.  I was out walking my dog and happened to look up to watch a low flying private airplane, and saw above that what appeared to be two lights moving fast and much higher than the aircraft.   They were only visible for a few seconds.  I saw them in the east part of the sky, flying towards the north.  They stopped, changed direction then reversed and continued north.  I lost sight of them when they reached the tree line.  They were visible even though it was a full moon.;33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
Three Silver Boomerang shaped objects spotted in broad daylight;2009-09-09 17:05:00;15 minutes;Three Silver Boomerang shaped objects spotted in broad daylight I was leaving work and was looking up at the traffic light (in a SE direction) in a highly wooded area waiting for the light to turn green. Something shiny reflecting the sunlight caught my eye above the trees. There were three, boomerang shaped objects hovering right above the tree tops making no sound. They were larger than the size of a motorcycle but smaller than the size of an SUV. They were chrome silver in color, very shiny - unlike anything I have ever seen. I lost them over the tree tops. The traffic light changed and I had to turn onto the parkway to keep traffic moving. There were a lot of other cars on the road, this was during rush hour in broad daylight. There was not a cloud in the sky, it was beautiful weather conditions. I dismissed it thinking I may have been hallucinating since I couldn't make sense of it and they had disappeared... My Cell phone rang as I was driving and it was my mother.  I told her what I saw and she started asking me questions.  By this time I had pulled up to the light to get onto the very busy HWY 280.  I was in the turn lane to go NW onto HWY 280.  I was facing North and still on the phone with my mother looking up in the sky trying to see if I could find the objects again.  Sure enough they had made a circle from where I had originally spotted them and were flying over HWY 280 going in the same circular direction I had spotted them going in the first time only this time they were at a much higher altitude.  I told my mom I had to go b/c I was going to report this to 911 since this sighting was close to the eighth anniversary of September 11th and I didn't want to take the chance of it being some kind of terrorist surveillance or something of the sort. The light changed and I started to move away from the objects.  I pulled over into a parking lot and had my digital camera in my purse.  I pulled it out and got out of the car and waited for them to circle again.  They did return in the same flight path that I had seen them twice before but they were flying at an even higher altitude than they were the second time.  I tried to snap a picture but they were too far away from me at this point. I waited for them to circle around again but they disappeared.  I called 911 and the operator said she was getting similar reports and she was sending a sheriff's deputy to check it out.  I gave the operator my information and got back into my car and waited for them to fly over again.  Every single time i saw them they were flying in a V formation.  They were all the same size and color, hovering with no sound and could take off at speeds so fast that they seemed to disappear.  I watched them fly over the same restaurant but this time instead of continuing the circular flight path I had watched them make before they turned and flew NW over HWY 280 following the Westbound traffic.  They were flying lower than airplanes but higher than the tree line.  This time they disappeared but it wasn't like they took off it was as if they were invisible, they were there one minute and then the next they were not.  I didn't see them take off at a higher speed I just watched them disappear into thin air, it was as if they could make themselves invisible. I called my younger brother since he had a sighting near this area a few years before on a fishing trip to see if the shapes of the object were the same.  Mine were different in that they weren't completed triangles, they were shaped like boomerangs and were smaller in size than the object he saw.  He saw his at night and mine were in broad daylight and made no sound.  I didn't know who to report them to so I wrote down my experience and I found this website and I'm reporting it for the first time in writing.  I still don't have an explanation for what I saw that day and I wonder if I ever will.  (These directions are approximate since I didn't have a map or a compass at the time of the sighting). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
What is this type of object without lights?;2016-01-08 02:30:00;1 minute;What is this type of object without lights? During the early morning Friday, Jan 6, 2016, I woke up, looked out of my bedroom window, and saw an object that looked like a silver chandelier.   I said to myself there are no flashing lights.  This is not an airplane.   What could this be?  I know I could not get this sight out of my head.  I'm physically challenge and could not get out of my bed in time to see what had happen next.  Sorry.;33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
Unusual silent penney sized at arm's length object crossed sky rapidly unusual brownish pale orange band in shape.;2017-09-10 20:00:00;2 seconds;Unusual silent penney sized at arm's length object crossed sky rapidly unusual brownish pale orange band in shape. Object moving East to West silently approx 75 degrees above horizon.  Apparent size that of a penney held at arms length. Object was moving above or through broken clouds which may have contributed to a bit of transluscence.  Color of object was indistinct but seemed to have a brown overtone with some other hints of yellow pale orange that seemed to partially frame a rectangular subshape-curved on the front, squaarish in the rear.  Perhaps oval overall, hard to say. Object went across about a third of the sky in 2 seconds before disappearing behind trees.  I am a regular observer of the night sky, having a telescope for many years.  Never saw an object like this, ever.  Perhaps could have been much higher if perhaps it was a bollide or some object in the upper atmosphere- it would have to have been moving extremely fast.  Did not really look like any shooting star I've ever seen, and I have seen many. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be quite sober-minded.  We suspect that he is an exceptionally capable, and reliable, witness.  PD));33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
