Me and my 6 siblings, my parents and 2 neighbors saw the lights in the sky. It was triangle and or circular but stationary. For a long;1976-05-01 17:30:00;20 minutes;Me and my 6 siblings, my parents and 2 neighbors saw the lights in the sky. It was triangle and or circular but stationary.  For a long time.  My mother yelled for us to come inside. I'm the youngest of 7 but I still remember to this day what I saw.  Our parents have passed and our neighbors also.  I still have vivid dreams of it.  Thought I was having regular dreams of similar dreams like typicalfalling off a cliff but no.  3 years ago I walked in on 2 of my brothers talking about that incident.  I said I thought it was just me and my dreams, because I was only 4, 5 or 6 when it happened.  No one spoke of it.  My brothers said no!  We all saw it. I asked them if they have dreams and they said yes, all the same and changes every year. Advance, as if its a story or a movie.  My brother that passed 2 yrs ago had dreams frequently. Ive had no more than 3 dreams a year or at least 1.  But each dream feels so real and unfortunately with unbelievable out comes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
three lights that formed a triangle in the night sky;1980-06-01 21:00:00;3 minutes;three lights that formed a triangle in the night sky In the eary summer of 1980, I was taking my private pilot ground school on the weekend.  On a Friday night a buddy and I were sitting on the front steps of another friends house, waiting on him to get home from eating out with his parents.  As we sat there talking I noticed a humming sound that sounded different from any airplane that I have ever herd before.  I looked up toward the sky (southeast) towards Birmingham and notice three lights in the sky above that formed a perfect triangle.  The two on the right were smaller in size and would have formed the base of the triangle.  The one on the left was larger and would have been the apex of the triangle.  The apex light was white and the two smaller lights were white with a red tint.  Since I was taking my private pilot ground school, we had learned that red was on the left, green on the right, and white on the tail.  I was trying to make sence of the lights but it just wasn't right.  The lights were moving towards us from the southeast heading northwest.  If the lights were on a plane, the plane would have been flying sideways.  I then got my buddies attention and pointed the lights out to him.  As we watched the lights slowly move across the sky, I was telling him if,that is a plane, it is very low and we would hear it, and that the direction of flight would be different than the lights.  The house that we were at is up on a hill and from our position you can see the lights of Birmingham in the distance some 12-15 miles away.  To the southwest of us about 1 mile a baseball game was underway at parkwest and you could hear the pa being annouced at the game.  I notice a plane had just departed from BHM and was climbing out towards the north in a slow arc.  The plane was very identifible as an F-4 phantom recon aircraft that was based at BHM.  This was identified by the two bottom stobes that we saw all the time in our area.  As the F4 got closer to the objects above us, the objects slowed and came to a complete stop.  To get an idea of the spacing of the objects overhead, they were about the width of an adults outstrected hands in the sky (2'from the apex to the base.)  The two objects that formed the base were about 1' apart from each other.  As the F4 got closer, the two objects that formed the base began to separate from each other, widening the base to what appeared two be 3-4' in the sky.  They slowly started to move to the southwest which is a 90 degree turn from the original direction.  As the moved the gatherd speed and instantly streaked across the sky leaving a white line that dissapeard as fast as it appeared.  As soon as they were gone, the largest (apex) light slowly started in the same direction (toward the ball park) as did the other two.  It too started to build speed and in a blink of an eye streaked across the sky and left an identicle steak of light behind it and was gone.  It would remind one of a shooting star.  From out position on top of this hill, you could see 15 miles.  So we were able to follow these light all the way across the horizon.  The F4 continued its approach and made a large circle back towards Birmingham.  My friend and I just looked at each other in disbelief and asked each other did you see that.  We told out friend what we saw and his parents.  They just looked at us as if we were crazy.  The next morning I went to my private pilot ground school at the birmingham airport and asked my instructor, who was a F4 pilot at the time if they scrambled any F4's last night to check out what we had seen and he said he didn't know.  This has been on my mind ever since and I felt the need to write it down.  If anyone else has had a similar experience I would like to read about it. Thanks ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness describes self as a member of the medical community.  PD));33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
I was outside playing (14 yrs old) it had just gotten dark. Out of no where I saw a triangle shaped object with lights. It had blue, or;1994-10-15 20:00:00;15 minutes;I was outside playing (14 yrs old) it had just gotten dark. Out of no where I saw a triangle shaped object with lights. It had blue, orange, green and red. So this object goes over my house probably 500ft in the air. It goes off in the horizon and just sits there. About 5 minutes past and a helicopter with a lighted display flew over the house headed in the same direction towards the lighted object. About the time the helicopter got over my house, 2 Jets flew by going full speed straight towards the object.  As soon as the Jets flew over, the object suddenly shot straight up in the air and disappeared.  Strangest thing I have ever seen and will never forget this. My parents (inside at the time) thought I was crazy. I have never heard anything about it other than what I saw. I hope others saw it and report. I would love to see any other details about it.  Thank you for taking the time to create this website and I look forward to reading this on the regular;33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
Craft puzzled by pilot...;2005-01-15 23:50:00;2 minutes;Craft puzzled by pilot... Was out in a rural area, (near Leeds), and had gotten an errie feeling that something was about to take place, I am a former aviation knowledgable person, and a private pilot, and have witnessed two other sightings in the past, these ARE NOT aircraft, with my knowledge from aviation specs,.... fixed wing, rotorcraft,or deridgible My 1st occurance was in 1974, My 2nd was in 2004, this craft had no aircraft anti-collision lights which is dangerous to say the least, also there is an airport, with a military base with-in 10 miles of where this happened, the object in question was not aerodynamically capable of flying considering the slow speed it was going, it was about forty feet across from my best guess, and roughly 1500 AGL. but it could have been the altitude to make it seem smaller than it may have been, no only this but also as well the features on this craft where to say the least self illuminating... if anyone else saw this I hope they email you as well. ((initials deleted));33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
Light blue triangle over Southern Pines subdivision;2008-03-16 23:16:00;10-20 seconds;Light blue triangle over Southern Pines subdivision I was out in front of my house with my telescope, just looking at stars. It was an average night for astronomy, nothing amazing, as the moon's light was blocking out most of the good views. All of a sudden, the computer that controls my telescope went dead. I pulled out my cell phone. It was dead also. Even my watch wasn't ticking. Then, i heard this odd whistling noise. I looked up, and there was a bright blue triangle traversing the sky at what i would guess to be about 600 mph(just a guess). I sat there watching it for about 10-20 secs before it sped up(no sonic boom) and disappeared from sight. What gets me about what I saw is that it is eerily similar to the reports of november 2006 of the statewide balls of light. Just like the other(which i saw, submitted a report, but it was deleted for some reason) it made a sound, it left a trail, and there was a haze around it.;33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
I saw a triangular shaped air craft that had three bright white lights and a dime one in the center of it.;2009-11-10 01:00:00;2 min.;I saw a triangular shaped air craft that had three bright white lights and a dime one in the center of it. I agree with the sightings of an triangular shaped ufo I saw it this pass Tuesday morning on November 10th, 2009 at 1:00 AM. Across the street from my house. My dog broke out of our back yard and I went out of the house to retrieve him. I was able to get him and at the same time from about 120 feet away I saw three bright white lights and a dime one in the center hovering over my neighbors house approx. 20 feet over his house near a tree. The night was cold and misty the sky very cloudy so it was resting in the cloudy mist that hung some where about 25 to 30 feet above ground, my neighbors house is on a little hill so it is higher than ours. This object was floating like it was observing my dog and I from the distance, and when I notice it, it started to move. It moved very slowly my guest would be about 5 miles per hour and it made no sound and moved as if gravity had no force on it at all. The other strange thing is the very bright white lights on it did not illuminate the trees around it as it glowed. When I first noticed it I thought it was an airplane because I live 15 miles from Birmingham's AirPort, but the object was quiet and it did not have the normal light features that an airplane would have like the small red and green lights. After, it had pass over and disappeared in the cloudy mist a real airplane flow over my head with the red and green lights that I mentioned and it was very loud. I have always believed in them but I am truly convinced that they are real now. My only concern is why are they more noticeable now. Something major is going to happen down the road for us I do believe.;33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
Black triangle materialized overhead and proceeded southbound;2010-10-04 00:30:00;4 minutes;Black triangle materialized overhead and proceeded southbound While stargazing app. 12:30CT early Monday morning, 10/4/2010, I sighted a low- flying aircraft that I could not identify. I was in the back parking lot of an apartment complex in a south-western Birmingham suburb, near the top of the tallest hill in the area (which slopes northwards,) stargazing.  No one was about and there was little to no air traffic at that time.  It was a moonless night I was watching Taurus rise in the eastern sky.  Out of the corner of my eye and towards my left field of vision, I noticed a large optical blur- like a wave effect- directly over the constellation Cassiopeia.  A triangular or, perhaps, wide wedge shaped object seemed to materialize into existence at that point against the star field.  The exact shape was difficult to ascertain, because my eyes were dazzled by an absolute matte blackness which seemed to cloak the thing and travel with it, and was profound and visually confounding but I was able to discern that it was roughly triangular in shape. Each of its three blunt or rounded corners was steadily illuminated, but these stripes of luminosity did not seem mechanical.  Rather, they appeared dim and phosphorescent, of a sickly yellow-green hue, reminiscent of a weak glow-stick. The object first appeared roughly 50- 60 degrees above the horizon, north-north-east, at an altitude of approximately 300- 400 feet, headed due south, skirted the Pleiades to the west, and passed almost over my head and behind the top of the hill.  Its initial flight-path was slow and deliberate, like a helicopter or a glider.  It could not have been either one of these vehicles, though, because it was absolutely silent and was traveling almost against the wind.  It was much too slow for a prop plane or, especially, a jet.  I will reiterate: the thing was silent as death.  I estimate its diameter (point to point) to have been about 20- 30 feet.  This first sighting lasted 8- 10 seconds. It is perhaps irrelevant, but noteworthy, that within 10 seconds after this sighting I witnessed a brilliant white falling star in the east, very near on the horizon, directly behind what was the object’s flight- path. About three minutes later, it (I assume it was the same object) proceeded back the way it came- this time at a much higher altitude and at an impossibly high speed.  Had I not still been scrutinizing the sky, or had I even blinked, I would have missed it.  This second time it was only recognizable as a distant black point of mass that blanked out the highest stars as it passed.  Any object traveling at that speed should have (according to my understanding of Newtonian physics) produced a sonic boom, but it was, again, completely silent. I will add a final, perhaps irrelevant, detail.  For sake of a complete record I state here that I have never in my life felt such a prescient sense of dread and malevolence as I did while witnessing this object and after the fact.  I soon departed the area.  Since that time, I have been plagued with vicious nightmares and a disrupted sleeping pattern.;33.4885993097499;-86.7782773943059
