Intense Bright Object that flew over our house & field.;2006-07-05 21:30:00;3 minutes;Intense Bright Object that flew over our house & field. Me & wife are star gazers & have a routine of looking out into the night sky everynight around our house or in the field beside our house.At the time of around 9:30 pm cst,my wife told me to hurry quick that she spotted something in the sky.I immediately opened the back door of our house & saw this very bright object almost straight above our heads.As soon as i saw it i knew immediately it wasn't a plane.We are always spotting & looking at planes with our binoculars as well as our naked eye & this wasnt one.But i ran through the house got my telescoping binoculars & captured the object very quickly.what i saw through the binoculars was a object so bright that i couldnt make out any shape or form about it.All i saw was this intense bright glare around it.There was no sound & this object was flying lower than the airplanes we were seeing in the sky that night & was flying at a moderate steady speed.I telescoped in on it but the image got blurry so i backed off to get a sharper image.I watched it till it finally diasappeared.This was a clear summer night with no clouds & all the stars shining bright.The moon was not visible.This object wasnt way up in the sky either it was considerably low.We kept saying that it looked like the brightest of brightest stars but huge.Its been over a month ago since the spotting & we have reviewed many stories & even tv shows that have our same story.The shuttle had previously launched with the Iss & we were very aware of this.We spotted the Iss with the shuttle a few nights afterwards & it was nothing like what we saw & was in a different location of the sky & much much higher in the sky.This wasnt the shuttle or Iss.A very very wild experience & hope to see it again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));34.8552178343949;-87.6888280254777
CALLED OUTSIDE BY NEIGHBORS TO LOOK AT STRANGE LIGHTS, RED GLOWING LIGHTS THAT SEEMED TO BE FLOATING , NO SOUND HEARD , PROBALLY 30  +;2010-07-24 22:00:00;20 MIN.;CALLED OUTSIDE BY NEIGHBORS TO LOOK AT STRANGE LIGHTS, RED GLOWING LIGHTS THAT SEEMED TO BE FLOATING, NO SOUND HEARD, PROBALLY 30  + ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she sounded sober-minded and objective.  Others in the background could be heard talking about what the phenomenon looked like.  We believe that the correct date should be July 24, and we have changed the report to that date.  PD));34.8552178343949;-87.6888280254777
My wife and I were standing outside talking to our neighbor, staring into the sky from time to time looking due north east.  Suddenly,;2012-05-22 22:30:00;5 seconds;My wife and I were standing outside talking to our neighbor, staring into the sky from time to time looking due north east.  Suddenly, an ISS-like object (in terms of magnitude and size) appeared and started to move in a straight line, fairly quickly, across the sky from the NE to E direction, at about a 20 to 25 degree altitude.  At first, I yelled &quotIt's the space station!&quot   What was strange was that it was accompanied by a light above it, slightly dimmer, about half or more of a full moon apart.  It moved at the same speed, in roughly the same direction.  Both lights blinked out about 5 seconds after appearing. I checked the satellites in our area using this site:  http://spaceweather.com/flybys/  and I don't see anything that matches that time, our area, and the area of the sky it appeared in.;34.8552178343949;-87.6888280254777
My daughter and I were sitting at the traffic light at Cox Creek Pkwy and Florence Blvd. facing S.W.?  A large white light streaked.;2014-11-20 20:00:00;3 seconds;My daughter and I were sitting at the traffic light at Cox Creek Pkwy and Florence Blvd. facing S.W.?   A large white light streaked across the sky in front of us, low to the horizon as if it came from behind us.  It was like a dash space dash space dash.  Then it was gone.   We have never seen anything like it.  It moved extremely fast like a shooting star, but was not steadily lit like one.  It reminded us of a missle being shot from a fighter jet.   The strange part was how it disappeared at exact intervals almost like a sewing machine stitch.;34.8552178343949;-87.6888280254777
Saw 3 seperate light orbs brighten up above us in the air,hovered & then travel southward;2015-10-10 18:00:00;1 minute;Saw 3 seperate light orbs brighten up above us in the air,hovered & then travel southward First, let me say,I'm not new to these light orbs & I have been seeing these orbs constant & researching them since our very first sighting in 06.For the record,I have made reports here & to Mufon & have videos on youtube.Back in 2013 when the sightings got bizzare & frequent,I tried to make reports & to get more witnesses from UFO investigators but nobody would listen,so I quit reporting.I know what stars,venus,the ISS & airplanes are & look like.None of them fly silently right above tree lines & above you ,hover,get bright & pulsate,flicker violently & dim back out before flying onward.When someone makes a report & says flickering I know what they are referring to because I have witnessed seeing these for a long time & know their characteristics.It's not a twinkling star or a hoax as suggested at the bottom of 1 report here on NUFORC that was from my state back in August.Being insulted myself before,I can imagine how that witness felt. My advic! e,just because you don't understand exactly what someone is saying don't be quick to discredit them & say it's a hoax.If you see these orb ufo's enough,read enough reports,you will start to compare events & know the characteristics of the Ufo's being reported. Now on with my report.  What's different this time is,tonight me & my wife witnessed 3 separate very bright orbs light up right above us in the air.To see 1 orb is always a treat.The most we have ever saw in 1 night has been 2.And I'm talking about the low ones,maybe a few hundred to a thousand ft high,not the ones higher up about airplane height.The first orb I saw by myself around 7:00 & it appeared to come from the north West.I can't say for sure because it didn't get bright for me to see until it was right up on me. Note:(this is what they do sometimes,we don't always see them coming from a distance,they light up in a instant in front of you & dim out in an instant)It stayed lit up bright heading south until I could not see it anymore.  The second bright orb appeared about 15 minutes or so later about in the same spot heading in the same direction as the first orb but dimmed completely out within 10 seconds are so.A few minutes later,we saw the 3rd orb & it was directly above us & seemed to hover a few seconds as it was powered up as bright as it could be & then it stated to move,pick up speed & then continued to travel southward as the first 2 orbs.  That was it, it was a clear starry night with a slight wind until the orbs came through.About 15 or so minutes afterwards it got really cloudy & we went inside.This was the first time of seeing 3 back to back like this. What irritates me is,we can make reports until the sun don't shine but nobody can come forward & tell the public what we're seeing? If you don't believe in aliens,you can say It's U.S.Government related but these are not just in a specific area like I once thought.When I see a video from a guy in Europe,Mexico or in Egypt & I can clearly see or read that it matches exactly to what I see with my own eyes in small town Alabama then there is a lot more to it.;34.8552178343949;-87.6888280254777
Bright multi-color flashing orb saw in the sky making slow and fast maneuvers from left-right horizontal too vertical maneuvers easily.;2015-11-04 22:15:00;>30 minutes;Bright multi-color flashing orb saw in the sky making slow and fast maneuvers from left-right horizontal too vertical maneuvers easily. The first sighting was approximately two months prior to the sighting I am posting about now from this last Wednesday (11-4-15) at exactly 2:50 a.m.  I am a Private Investigator my late twenties and work crazy long hours so needless to say I was asleep on the couch when my Fiancée woke me up in a frightened state saying that she just observed something unexplainable in the sky upon walking outside to have a smoke.  I immediately walked outside and much to my surprise there it was.  Distance, size and altitude were obviously impossible to determine due to it being far up in the sky.  However, I can say with certainty that it was large and was at a far distance from my position in the field behind my residence.  This object was absolutely silent and the only observable features about it was that it was a bright glowing white orb (I refer to it as an Orb because it appeared this way from the constant bright light.  I don’t  know if it was a craft or what) with what a! ppeared to be flashing lights of blue red green and yellow (however this was just observation by the naked eye and could have been a larger or a smaller spectrum of colors).  It is hard to say if the changing “flash’s” of different colors was from a spinning movement around the center of it was flashing from the center like a strobe.   I want to point out that while this specific experience I am speaking about is from me and my Fiancée’s first experience from two months prior, both experience’s had the exact same type movements that I am about to describe.  The main difference is that the first sighting was at approximately 2:50 a.m. and the most recent sighting was at 10:15 p.m. and BOTH SIGHTINGS HAPPENED IN THE SAME LOCATION IN THE SKY.  It helped me out that I had the same two tall trees in my field to use as landmarks while looking up in the sky and allowed us to be able to tell that the objects maneuvers were actually being done and that it was just a trick to our eyes.  The object’s maneuvers are what really took us by surprise in th! at it changed in speed at random while going from a hovering position to suddenly darting to the left or right.  Also it made circular flying motions as well as moving from a stationary hover to the left then suddenly making nearly a 90° turn and going vertical.  All of these types of maneuvers were observed many times and at multiple patterns  (Such as darting to the right then shooting straight up all while never changing speed, or while flying in one direction suddenly maneuvering into making an almost perfect circle in the sky)  I do not feel that this was a standard aircraft of any kind as it showed no lighting like any citizen passenger or military aircraft I have ever observed. It also did not appear to be moving farther away from our position or so much closer either as its size should have decreased or increased as it flew away or flew closer to us.  All of the patterns and sudden changes in speed were observed in a relatively local area in the sky for a very long period of time.  At the end of the sighting on the first night, we observed the orb as it ended up flying down out of the local area where it had seemed to hang around and appeared at this point to start flying away from us towards the horizon.  However while it was still easily observable in the atmosphere, it seemed to us as if it almost blinked out of existence.  The most recent sighting we never witnessed when or how it departed due to both of us having to call it a night and go to bed due to having to be up early for work the next morning.  While observing this anomaly on both nights, I first grabbed the first thing with a camera which was my Galaxy S5 with a 16 mp high definition camera in it.  While I know that this isn’t super great camera wise, I thought just maybe since this orb is illuminated so well it would pick it up. However, I was wrong.  So I can to one of my gear bags I have for my job and just grabbed the first handheld camcorder I could find and it was my Samsung camcorder ! which isn’t anything fancy just a 32x zoom but usually has don! e me alr ight even in most low light scenarios.  And again seeing how illuminated this object was I thought surely it would pick it up at least somewhat.  But no.  I am just hoping that someone else could have observed this event near me. I do want to put out that being the I live in the very northwest part of AL, this object easily in my opinion was hovering and doing these crazy maneuvers over the state of TN or MS.  I know MS has an Air Force Base however the only one that comes to mind right off is a bit south of where this orb would have been flying over. So anyone who can help me out here explaining this please don’t hesitate to contact me.;34.8552178343949;-87.6888280254777
6 lights in line formation moving northeast from Oneil bridge area over Florence, AL.;2016-02-19 21:55:00;2 minutes;6 lights in line formation moving northeast from Oneil bridge area over Florence AL 6 lights flying in formation coming from Tennessee River from what looked like Oneil bridge heading northeast.  Lights were not flashing like normal aircraft and formation started to break up as rear lights seemed to drop as lights in front seemed to rise.   Lights looked like possibly helicopters, but have never seen 6  helicopters flying in any formation over Florence, AL, at 10:00 pm....EVER!!!!!!   Lights were moving northeast at a faster speed than you would associate with helicopters but were too low to be mistaken for airplanes, not to mention that there is no military base for aircraft anywhere near this area.;34.8552178343949;-87.6888280254777
((NUFORC Note:  No information provided here by witness, who elects to remain anonymous.  PD));2019-09-18 18:40:00;1 minute;((NUFORC Note:  No information provided here by witness, who elects to remain anonymous.  PD));34.8552178343949;-87.6888280254777
