conway sc  observed triangeler object for appox  15 it moved erracit and left at a very high rate of speed;2003-09-06 22:00:00;15 minutes;conway sc  observed triangeler object for appox  15 it moved erracit and left at a very high rate of speed i couldnt sleep i had just got out of the hosp from being dehydrated i was sitting on the front porch looking towards the east i obeserved a triangeler object south east of my my home faces west it moved very erracit making 90 degree turns i called for my wive she came out on the porch it stoped and hovered for appox 5 min's then spend off to the north at a high rate of speed   i heard  no noise at all;33.8579959183673;-79.07048537415
A black, chevron shaped craft, with a single blue light on the front, silently stopped in mid-air without propellers or engine.;2016-06-15 23:30:00;3 minutes;A black, chevron shaped craft, with a single blue light on the front, silently stopped in mid-air without propellers or engine. On my way to I-95N from Conway, South Carolina, my GPS kept rerouting and taking me down back roads that seemed to be all farmland (cornfields specifically). It would not allow me to adjust the route to return on the main roads I had taken to get there originally. There were very few homes or lights.  Since there were no street lights, it was very dark, which made it easy for me to notice the round soft blue light hovering eerily behind the treetops. My window was down, and I was travelling approximately 25mph at the time. There was no noise whatsoever, besides the sound of my vehicle, even as the light began to move out into sight. I asked my friend what she thought it was, but neither of us were sure.  Something about the silent movement, and the placement of only one light on the front (no blinking lights as would be expected on a plane or helicopter) made it difficult to take my attention away from it. The movement was very smooth and precise as it slowly came into full view, just above the trees to my left.  So low in fact, it appeared to be touching the treetop. It was chevron shaped with the little round blue light on the bottom front.  It appeared to be black in color, and very flat.  Portions of it seemed to be transparent since the blue light remained visible but slightly distorted as it glided slowly across our path.  It was about the size of two or three standard cars put together, and the chevron shape reminded me of the batman logo.  I slowed down, afraid to go under it, but before I came to a complete stop, the UFO stopped in midair, angled itself downward directly toward us, and after a brief pause started to descend.  There were no propellers or engines on it, but was clearly a controlled craft. It was not at the mercy of any breeze or wind, although it seemed to glide. I panicked and floored it out of fear.  We both lost sight of it behind us.  I do not know if it landed, or flew off. There were n! o other visible witnesses, or anyone around at all. I have ove! r 20 yea rs of health information management experience as a district operations manager in several hospitals.  I'm an educated man, do not jump to conclusions.  I'm very analytical, and critical in my assessments.  I've never believed myself to have seen anything like this before, and do not take reporting this to you lightly. Afterwards, my friend and I realized we could not account for an hour of time in our travel, and our voices were hoarse. (I can provide an artist's rendition if needed);33.8579959183673;-79.07048537415
