I have spoken of this to my friends, but have never wanted to explain this event to any organization such as yours for, I guess fear of;1990-04-15 01:30:00;5 minutes;I have spoken of this to my friends, but have never wanted to explain this event to any organization such as yours for, I guess fear of being labelled if nothing else, and having it reflect on my future job opportunity or whatever, I don't know.  Why I want to tell someone now is beyond me. This is not a b.s. story.  I imagine you get many, even that open with the same line.  I do not question whether it really happened because it wasn't something I just saw, but it had a physiological effect on me that I somehow subverted its purpose (I will explain), and I even felt that I had some kind of telepathic communication with.  Please forgive runon sentences, but it is easier to just run with it because at first I thought that I didn't want to waste my time writing it for fear that the written account would loose how I would recall the event verbally because there is no doubt that when I tell the experience it is more meaninful due to whatever it is that makes verbal incantation actually take you there again and visualize and feel it all.  I will however try to be inclusive as possible so you can do what you will with the data. I can't remember the year exactly, definitely not the month or the day.  I do know however that I was having a good semester and it was warm outside which leads me to thinking it was the spring of 1990 or 1991, making me about 21 or 22 at the time.  I lived at mom's house then and my bed was situated such that my head was directly below the window.  The window had one of the first model of storm windows that were marketed about 20 years ago which I think is significant because it was partly responsible for waking me up at I don't know what time but it had to be between 1:30 a.m. and 4:00 a.m. I woke up because the window was vibrating and I heard a sound coming from somewhere.  I gathered my senses enough to really wonder what the hell that low humming sound was, I for a second thought it was a semi tractor trailor idling out in the street of our neighborhood, but I knew the sound could not be that.  So I sit up to look out the window and can't really see anything, but I know that from whatever the sound is coming it is close by.  So I stand up and feel kind of like I'm hazy-sleepy, like when you fight getting out of bed in the morning, stand up and feel kind of a head rush, sort of.  But I AM very aware at this point, just going against some resistance.  I walk out onto the deck behind our house that is directly attached to my room.  I look left, down the street, to the house where the Mort family used to live before the people that live there when this event occurred.  I can't remember their names now, Lothman maybe, but they had two little children and we practically never saw them in the several years they lived there.  It is a good sized house about 250 yards down the street, sitting up on a hill, a three story house that really sticks up from where it sits.  Above that house, I saw it instantly, was the space ship.  It was saucer shaped I guess, but not pointy.  Shit wish I could draw it for you.  Since I can't...it was fucking big, but not too big.  The house I'm guessing is 60-70 feet wide looking at it from the front which I was, and the ship was at least 50 feet wider, and I'm guessing about 30-40 feet thick.  It looked like a fat saucer, like you take a rubber ball, the size of a tennis ball, and squeeze it by pressing it on a table untill it is 3 to 4 times longer than wide, but with a slight bevel leading up to the center consol on top.  The top and bottom were distinct.  It was hovering about 20 feet directly their house.  It was definitely using caution because it had all its lights off except for a row or two that were very dimmed, all the way around, plus up at the Cabin I gues! s for lack of any better word.  I could not see it doing anything.  I did know that the sound was coming from the ship.  And when I stood there staring at it for about 1.5 minutes I could really tune in the sound and feel it stronger now that I realized it was really there.  What I felt was that it was very low frequency, and it had an almost intoxicating effect on me.  I thought that this is what they are using as method to ensure that everyone in the neighborhood remains sleeping.  Especially since it was actually quite a soothing feeling, such that I now realize that I was just standing there staring at this thing for 3 or 5 minutes just amazed and nothing else.  Then I realized that they knew I was looking at them.  And I remember thinking to myself and to them, I don't care what you're doing here, just please don't do anything to me.  Then the craft raised up silently above the house about 100 feet, then it just took off like you would expect from an advanced ufo.  So fast that it just left a streak.  When it left on two vectors.  First to the right slightly, up and away for about an inch of streak, then back slightly to the left and straight away at an upward angle out of the atmosphere I imagine leaving a big streak. I have no other evidence than this story.  I would certainly like to investigate that family who lived in the house the ufo was over.  This is the only written version of this event, although I have told a handful of people over the years since it happened.  You can call me for a drawing if you want.  I'm no artist but I can try.  Thanks for your interest.  Let me know if this experience is worth anything, I would appreciate the kickback.  But don't get me wrong I am honest to God writing this as it happened to me, and its certainly not for any other motivation other than to present the story to someone who will actually find it yet another piece of evidence to support that there really are ufos.  I guess I have to believe there are.  I just hope to God there is never an Independence Day.  Thank you.;38.0520987041037;-78.4915911447087
On this night I was with 4 other people and we were hanging out outside as it was a nice evening. It was just getting dusk and I was si;1999-04-15 07:00:00;3 hours;On this night I was with 4 other people and we were hanging out outside as it was a nice evening. It was just getting dusk and I was sitting on the ground looking up at the sky and noticed alot of air traffic which was comming from the south.Suddenly I saw a tiny ball of light comming from the west and looked as if it would hit an airplane. It disappeared right as it approached and I should mention moved VERY fast. There was only one person with me at the time and I asked if she saw it, she did not... then another one!  They moved so fast I had to move my finger with it to show her and even then it was hard to keep up.  The others came out and they started to see them too. These light balls were also taking sharp turns, making loops and spirals.  You thought your eyes were playing tricks on you.  This went on consistantly for about 2 1/2 hours, and an airplane was involved in the majority of sightings.  The last 1/2 hour things died down and my neck was aching badly and it was time to home.  I made a joke about waiting to see the mother ship first and my brother stretched and was looking straight up and there above the house was a football field sized boomerang shaped object!  It was slowly moving to the direction of the airport, did not make a sound, had amber colored lights and at one point seemed to have the points shift so that one side was longer than the other. I kept adjusting my eyes to be sure I was seing correctly.  Then it got to the point we could no longer see it. We all commented that if it had not had lights it would have blended into the night sky undetected.  It has been a few years since this happened so the details are'nt fresh but it is something we will never forget. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate we have assigned an arbitrary date in April 1999.   A 3-hour long sighting of UFO's seems highly unlikely to us.  We wonder whether the first lights seen may have been laser-based advertising lights.  We have received many reports about this type of advertising event.  PD));38.0520987041037;-78.4915911447087
Five-Sided Craft Spotted in Charlottesville;2001-04-04 20:30:00;3 minutes;Five-Sided Craft Spotted in Charlottesville I was walking my dog at approximately 8:30PM when I looked up to check out the stars.  Almost directly above me there was some type of aircraft.  From almost directly underneath, it had five rounded sides, with a light at each of the five points.  It was a bit like a pentagon, but rounded enough to say that it was round - with five distinct edges.  The lights were yellowish in color and not very bright.  The craft was low to the ground compared to the air traffic that we typically see in our area. There were intermittent clouds in the area, and the craft was moving slowly.  It was moving in pretty much a straight line to the east/northeast.  There was a large cloud in it's flight path, and as it disappeared behind the cloud, I stood there to watch it come out the other side.  Given it's speed and the size of the cloud, I expected to see it come out the other side relatively quickly.  When it did not, I looked around, and saw the craft now moving in a south/southeast direction, looking like it made a 90 degree turn when it was hidden by the cloud. I could not make out the color of the craft since it was night, but the lights were yellowish and they lit the craft enough to make the five sides clearly visible. I am a professional and student in the town of Charlottesville in my late 20's.  I've never seen anything like this before, and was not under the influence of any substances - it was a fascinating experience, and I hope I see it again sometime soon to get a better look!;38.0520987041037;-78.4915911447087
At approxamitly 5:48 this morning I was getting ready to get into my car and I happened to look up in the sky to see a shooting star.;2004-11-08 05:45:00;2 min.;At approxamitly 5:48 this morning I was getting ready to get into my car and I happened to look up in the sky to see a shooting star. As I lingered to watch its tail die out a very, very, very large flying what would one call it, a craft I quess passed effortlesly with not a sound directly over head. It appeared to be a sting of triangelish lights conected together at a perfect diagonal. connected to the lights were long tubes at different lenghts almost reminisent of a revolver chamber on a pistol. I would surmise the object to be about the width of 30 jet size airplanes and an undetermined length. It was hard to comprehend anything that size flying. It did not huver, it did not speed off it simply floated effortlessly towards the east and dissapeared. I have never seen anything remotley like this and can not imagine anyone creating something that looked like this. I will never forget it as long as I live, and feel very fortunate to have seen it. I only hope others did as well.;38.0520987041037;-78.4915911447087
Craft with bright light focused on something, and then gone.;2005-10-31 01:50:00;1 -2 mins;Craft with bright light focused on something, and then gone. Driving home.  Noticed  a bright light, bright enough to be a spot light.  It was too high up in the air to be a light from a tower.  The light was focused as if it was watching something.  It stayed in one place the whole time without any movement, so I'm thinking it's not a helicopter or another craft of the sort.  The shape seemed to be two circles one on top of the other connected.  The top circle was smaller than the circle on the bottom.  I tracked it while driving up a small mountain/large hill.  While going up, the object went out of my view, when I made a right at the top of the mountain/hill, where I was originally looking, nothing was there.  Took a quick look when I got home, nothing.;38.0520987041037;-78.4915911447087
Blue and red orb in random circle pattern alternating clockwise and counterclockwise circles and stops;2017-01-31 21:00:00;Continuous;Blue and red orb in random circle pattern alternating clockwise and counterclockwise circles and stops I don’t believe these are search lights.  I’m in Virginia, United States, and I noticed these blue, red alternating blinking  orbs circling in a seemingly random varying collection of clockwise and counter clockwise circles.  I stayed out for about an hour to see if I could figure out a pattern but no luck.  There are no places near me that would have an “opening” of that magnitude, and the local airports would be in a different area of the sky considering their location in relation to me.  They’re very odd and placed all over the sky.  They appear to be different distances away as some fade out and reappear, smaller circles than others. I’ve also just noticed an all around…..  Different night sky, this year.  I stargaze every night the clouds allow. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.0520987041037;-78.4915911447087
Bright yellow crescent shaped object with red lights spotted over field just above tree line.  Seen by 4 adults.;2018-11-11 20:00:00;13 minutes;bright yellow crescent shaped object with red lights spotted over field just above tree line.  Seen by 4 adults My husband and I saw a very bright yellow crescent moon shaped object over our field about 100 yards from our house.  I saw it as one crescent shape.  His binoculars were better than mine.  He saw it  with an appendage at the end.  We both noticed it had red lights.  It seemed to be stationary for about 13 minutes.   I called our neighbors.  They walked out to the field.  As soon as they stepped out of the tree line this object took off.  My husband and I did not see it take off as we had stepped back into the house for a moment.  Their description  was it took off very fast towards the east faster then an aircraft and seemed to skim over the trees.  At this point it had no shape because it was going too fast.   We have sent an image via email.;38.0520987041037;-78.4915911447087
