Four white objects and one red object observed red object negotiated incredible maneuver and high rate of speed.;2013-04-17 21:25:00;10 seconds;Four white objects and one red object observed red object negotiated incredible maneuver and high rate of speed On the evening of April 17, 2013, I was returning home after work at 9:25 PM when upon exiting my vehicle I looked up and witnessed the following.   It was a clear night with very few clouds, and the stars were easily visible and very distinct. As I looked up I saw a formation of four faint white round objects that were about the size of a small star, but not quite as bright.  They were traveling from east to west at an approximate speed of a conventional aircraft.  I first thought they were the wing tip lights found on military jets.  There were no anti collision lights operating and they were in a formation of two groups of two that with about five times as much distance between each group of two.  Each pair of lights was about a distance apart equal to the width of my index finger with my arm outstretched.  What made me believe they were military craft was the fact that they were so close to each other.  What was strange was there was no noise and I could not make out the outline of a fuselage.  What occurred to me later, upon reflecting on what I had seen was that they were each a separate object.  I realize the human mind must rationalize everything, so my mind had to rationalize them as being wing lights on a con! ventional aircraft. I first saw the lights above me and slightly to my right.  A few moments later out of the corner of my right eye I noticed another brighter object.  It was traveling toward the smaller lights from the East North East at a much faster speed.  This object was extremely bright compared to the other objects. It was about the size of a quarter inch ball bearing held at arms length.  The object was almost white in the center with a reddish cast at the outer edges.  It over took the other objects in a matter of a few seconds and came close to the group of lights on the right.  As it arrived at the group of lights on the right it made an incredible left turn that was almost a right angle.  When it negotiated the change in direction it intensified in brightness and it became a deeper color red, it also increased in speed at an astounding pace. The larger object went south at an incredible speed and was out of my field of vision in about a second.  I must also explain that the southern horizon was not visible to me because it was obscured by my house and the other houses around me.  I therefore could not observe the object as it traversed the sky to the southern horizon.  The four objects proceeded west till they no longer visible to me their speed remained the same through out the event.;40.0242;-79.8846
