Silent ,bright hovering light, seemed to be teasing us, for miles of desolate highway.;1973-05-01 14:00:00;90 min;Silent ,bright hovering light, seemed to be teasing us, for miles of desolate highway. On a lonely highway 14:00 hr ,what appeared to be a porch light 2-300 yds south followed the car 15-20 miles staying right outside drivers window.I woke up my wife to show her,she watched it for app.5 miles, then it shot toward the car & upward shining light into back glass, appearing to be a spotlamp about 3 ft dia. 150 yds. above & slightly at rear of vehicle.Object stayed in this position 10 miles.blinding light.When we started entering Brownfield city limits, light shot up in SE looking like  a bright star.We stopped in closed food store parking lot where a cop was parked. We decided not to say anything all we could say was that star right there has been following us.When we left the town the light came back just over our backglass again.About another 5 min of this blinding light was all I was going to take.I pulled over to the shoulder, got out opened my trunk,Pulled out a pistol,telling my wife I've had all I'm gonna take,when I pulled the gun from the trunk,the light,making no noise shot up to the south sky looking like a star again,and stayed there until we arrived in Hobbs N.M. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));33.1688;-102.2748
Fast-moving, pulsing orange light. Silent and erratic movements over northern Texas;2011-09-01 23:20:00;2 min;Fast-moving, pulsing orange light. Silent and erratic movements over northern Texas This evening, My Wife and I were sitting outside in our backyard here in northern Texas, chatting and having a cup of coffee.  When we both noticed an oddly-colored light moving quickly across the sky. We are no strangers to the airport traffic flying over head each night, this was different. What we saw was a seemingly high-flying object heading north towards Lubbock (some 30 miles north of us). What struck us as odd was that there was NO sound, which in itself is very unusual. Here in the southern Plains,  We can hear aircraft from miles away.. The sound really travels. But it wasn’t just the silence that caught our attention, the navigational lights that we always see were “off” as well… as in not there.  The only light we could see, was a very bright, burnt-orange color that seemed to be pulsing. Almost as if some sort of thrust or propulsion. We watched the object head due-north for almost a minute, then it pulled a HARD bank to the left forming a 90 degree turn and flew due-west towards Nevada until it disappeared over the horizon. I know an argument can be made that perhaps the angle did not allow me to see the nav lights. And that would be an understandable argument… if not for the fact that the object, having pulled a sharp 90 degree turn in the sky above my head, showed Me two sngels and still no lights. Together with the fact that I am ex-spec ops and very familiar with both aircraft, and what to look for. This is something I have never seen before.;33.1688;-102.2748
