A round green/orange light that was stationary than sped off quickly and disappeared without a sound.;2003-07-18 13:58:00;1 minute;A round green/orange light that was stationary than sped off quickly and disappeared without a sound. I was coming in from outside looking up at the stars. I glanced over to the western horizon and saw a very bright light. At first I thought it was a planet and was going to go get my binocculars to look at it, but it seemed even to bright for a planet. As I watched it for about 30 seconds it began to moved to the Northwest and very quickly became smaller and smaller until it was not seen anymore. It was gone in about 10 seconds. Why I do not think it was an airplane is simple. It was too bright of a light, non flashing, It was stationary for about 30 seconds and moved very, very fast until it disappeared and in a very short frame. It wasnt just that I lost sight in the horizon. It was a very clear night, no clouds. I am reporting this in hopes that I may not have been the only one to have seen it.;48.4143715736041;-89.2710563451778
3 seperate craft seen over Lake Superior, each a single blue/ white light, odd flight patterns occured.;2006-07-05 03:00:00;5-7 minutes;3 seperate craft seen over Lake Superior, each a single blue/ white light, odd flight patterns occured. U.F.O. Report  I’m writing this report more then a year after the event originally happened, I feel that what I saw was substantial, and needed to be known. I also have heard of other similar sightings and felt this may contribute some important information. The event took place in early July 2006, the night was clear and weather was warm. Some friends of mine took a sailing trip to Thompson Island, located in Lake Superior, this is about a 4 hour sailboat trip from the Thunder Bay Marina. The unidentified craft was seen at night. Some of our friends had decided to sleep on the sailboat in the small bay that the island offers, however due to the warm July weather 5 of us had decided to take the 15 minute walk to the other side of the island and tent. Rather then tent, we actually decided to lay our blankets out upon the beach and lay beneath the stars. We  rested on the beach and talked late into the night, during this time 2 of the 5 of us drifted off to sleep, the time was now nearly roughly 3 or 4 am. The stars were out and visible all night and we had been looking at constellations and the stars all night. Well in mid conversation,  one of us was distracted by what seemed to be a star and commented “ Guys look at those stars they seem really bright”. So all three of us looked upwards and the same distance as a star would seem away was a ball of light, it seemed to be a star at first but it was getting brighter without at doubt, upon closer inspection it seemed to be slightly blue/white light, the type you would see in some peoples headlights for there vehicles, and as we looked.. off to the right side of the sky faded in two more lights of the same type and size. They moved parallel to each other and then moved into a triangle formation with the third and original light. They then stopped all motion, and unexpectantly began what seemed random looping and changing of direction, something a plane/ helicopter/ or satellite could not accomplish, the movement was from nothing to very fast in no time at all, after doing ! what see med at random series of movement the three lights split apart and moved away in different direction. This whole series of events happened in probably 5- 7 minutes, and was viewed from this remote island in the middle of Lake Superior by 3 people. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));48.4143715736041;-89.2710563451778
Bright green light.;2009-01-01 00:15:00;50 seconds;Bright green light When watching fireworks with family, we saw what we first thought was a very fast firework.  It was bright green and appeared over the bay, about one mile off Thunder Bay Marina.   Firstly, it just shot out of nowhere about twice as fast as a usual firework.  It then stopped instantly in mid air and stayed stationary over the bay for at least 20 seconds. After this it spiralled upwards for about 100feet and then shot back out of the bay really fast. Although there were lots of fireworks that night, I'm positive that this wasn't one of them because it was going so fast, then stopped and then went on to move again. Six other members of my family saw it at the same time, so I wasn't just seeing things. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));48.4143715736041;-89.2710563451778
pulsating light;2010-06-18 23:00:00;5 minutes;pulsating light Seen what I thought was a star, started to head south, then turned a 90 degree angle and headed east.  The star pulsated a blue/white light, brighter then any star in the sky, kept heading east and pulsated once more then vanished;48.4143715736041;-89.2710563451778
Orange light moving then fading.;2013-05-27 22:10:00;1-2 minutes;orange light moving then fading seen an orange light moving across sky.  no sound no trail, obtained video using cell phone. light faded leaving triangular silhouette in late evening sky,  eventually lost sight against clouds.   have seen many planes and helicopters, this object was neither.   odd pulse in light, only orange color.  no red or blue.   first time ever seeing anything like this been watching skies for 10+ years;48.4143715736041;-89.2710563451778
Bright light moved in straight line rapidly across 4:45 am sky in Thunder Bay.  No differentiation in size shape colour or brightness.;2014-08-10 04:45:00;10 seconds;Bright light moved in straight line rapidly across 4:45am sky in Thunder Bay.  No differentiation in size shape colour or brightness. I was sitting on my front stairs at 4:45am, looking toward the sky to watch the Perseid Meteor Shower.  I was facing north-east looking up at roughly a 45 degree angle.   I noticed a few meteors falling from the sky, and then my eye caught a bright light which looked just like a star, moving rather quickly from my left to right.  It popped into sight from behind some trees, moved very rapidly across my field of vision, and disappeared to my right when I could no longer see past my house.   What makes me believe it was not a meteor is that for the whole 10-15 seconds that I was able to look at it, it moved in a perfectly straight line, it was moving too slow to be a meteor, but too fast and high to be an airplane.  Also, it didn't get brighter, or fade out.  It remained consistent in brightness and speed the whole time.;48.4143715736041;-89.2710563451778
Ball of Bluish white light entering home. Flashes of light and missing time.;2016-11-18 19:30:00;3:00;Ball of Bluish white light entering home.  Flashes of light and missing time. On Friday, November 18, 2016, we had another family encounter. Unfortunately it was during a snow storm so little detail about the craft was perceived. The winds were easily over 80 km/hr.  Visibility was zero due to snow and sleet, during wind gusts  We live out in the country side, about 10 minutes outside of Thunder Bay.  Earlier in the day at around 3 pm we went to town to pick up our kids from school.  The weather was horrible already, but we had to go to grab the kids. Carefully we drove and navigated the ice covered streets, picked up the kids, stopped for an early dinner and decided to hit up a walmart to grab a few things before heading back home. It's about 7pm at this time.  The weather seemed much worse.  The roads in the city were slippery, but still navigable. As soon as we got onto the country road, it was apparent that this storm was hitting us full force. It was pitch black out asides from my cars headlights. It was stupid to be outside in this storm, so I drove very slow with my hazards on.  At times we had to stop dead in road due to total white outs. About 1 km up the road we noticed that no houses had any lights on. That's a tell tale sign there isn't going to be power at our house. We went around a corner and in the middle of the road is tree bits everywhere and to the immediate right is a tree on the power lines. After about 30 minutes, we made the usual 10 minute drive home.  Sure enough no lights on. I pointed the car towards the house and instructed the family to each grab a bag and bring it to the house. We have been using the back door due to reno's in the front. So the wife and kids made their way to the back of the house with the aid of my high-beams in the drive way. Once they were in, my wife flashed the cell phone through the bay window in the front, signaling they are in. I turned off the car and made my way to the house.  Tree branches were breaking due to the high winds. As mentioned it was pitch black outside - I pressed the remote car lock on and off so the car lights would flash, providing some illumination, while I made my way through the snow drifts and into the house. Once inside, it was apparent the hydro had been out for awhile. It was about 15 degrees Celsius in the house. Thankfully we have a wood stove also. We had the kids sit on the couch with a flash light.  The wife lit a few candles in the living room and grabbed the dog to bring him outside for a pee, and I grabbed the wood bucket to go to the shed to get a fire started in the woodstove. I used the cell phone flash light app to find my way to the wood shed, the wife stood in the middle of the back yard with the dog while he did his thing. As im in the shed grabbing wood and filling the bucket I faintly hear my wife scream over the howling wind  WTF   At first I thought she was yelling because she fell over or something, then she screamed my name. I came out of the shed and she started screaming Did you see that, did you effin see that  I had no idea what she was talking about, I started making my way over to her.  The snow blew so hard that I lost visibility of her for a brief moment and I dropped the cell phone in the snow. I took the 10 steps to get to her and she was screaming, The sky just lit up blue above the house, the ground, everything turned blue then white.  I looked to the back window of the house and the kids were screaming.  Smacking on the sliding glass door.  We ran into the house. The kids were crying and screaming what was that, what happened  They were freaking out. My oldest -12 years old,  said something was outside our front bay window, and everything in the house turned blue then white. I was dumbfounded, I didnt know what to think because I didnt see anything. My wife and kids were Both crying. I felt so confused as to what happened. My head was pounding, and everyone else was extremely emotional. Then while we were all standing by the back sliding glass door, the only way i can explain it, it was like a light came through the window and instantly flashed from red to a bluish green than disappeared. I was more confused than anything and said WTF just happened I said out loud. It felt dream like. My 12 and 8 year old were crying and screaming I want to go  my wife was flipping out, panicking and I just stood there. Because I felt like it was all just a dream. I started asking my wife what did the blue light look like outside, and asked her to describe it. I said Could it have been someone with a flare, or a roman candle, ect. My wife yelled at me,  I dont know what it was, but the first thing I thought was a UFO and that it was the end of the world.  The end of the world I repeated?  She said yes, as soon as I seen the light I felt complete dread. She looked completely terrified. I tried calming everyone down and said it must have been lightening, or something caused by the storm.  (I personally have never seen lightening in a snow storm, but I know it can happen.) Then I said it must have been a electrical transformer blowing up. I asked my 12 year old, what exactly did you see. She was crying and holding on to me saying a bright blue light was at the window, it came into the house, turned blue then white.  Then the candle flames got really big and the cats freaked out. Just as she said it, the room went bright from another window on the opposite side of the house.  We all turned towards the window, but it was gone. Again every one started crying and yelling. I tried to calm them all and said to sit on the couch, ill get a fire going quick. My wife stood in front of the big bay window, watching to see if it happened again. I think about 10 minutes went by. The fire was going, then my wife said,  There it is look! It's  out over the trees. I looked out the window and there it was.  A bluish white ball of light. Hovering Above the trees, across the road.  Probably 450-500 meters away from the house. It just stayed stationary there while all of us looked at it.  It looked about the size of a quarter in my fingers, if I were to hold it up at arms length and on the closer side to 500 meters away. I dont know how long we stood there watching, but it was almost a hypnotic feeling.  We all stood there staring. suddenly i snapped out of it and looked around. My living room was filled with smoke and the wife and kids were still looking out the window. I panicked and yelled for everyone to get to the back of the house.  I was very confused now, I looked at my watch and it was now 9:30 pm.  It was 35 minutes since I started the fire and started watching out the window. The wife and kids for the first time this night, calmly turned around and went to the back door. I opened the wood stove door and messed around with the fire and told the wife to crack the back door to let the smoke out. During this, I looked out the window and the light was not there. I had everything under control after about 5 minutes with the door open, the smoke was cleared. We all sat back on the couch, trying to get warm. The laptop had juice in it so I put on a movie to watch while we waited for the hydro to come back on. After calling the hydro company they told us that it wouldn't be restored till 6pm tomorrow due to the storm.  We all huddled together in the living room on the couch in front of the wood stove for the rest of the night. The kids didn't mention the event once until they fell asleep. The remainder of the night was uneventful. The next day while the hydro crews working on the power down the road, I pulled over to talk to them.  I asked one of the techs if any transformers blew in the area around my house. They said no.  A tree downed the main power line 10 minutes from my house. The same tree that we noticed was on the road as we drove home the night before, after the power had already gone out. Things of note: no drone nor helicopter could have operated in these conditions…  I know because I have my private pilots license. Winds were above 80km p/h, trees were coming down all over the place.  Total white out conditions at times. This is just one experience that I have had. I have had many of the same nature. My grandmother and My mother have had these experiences. I have had them all my life, and now my youngest daughter - 8 years old -is mentioning things to me about things she is experiencing.;48.4143715736041;-89.2710563451778
