UFO seen in Long Beach California Air traffic rerouted, helicopters search and no word in the media!;2009-03-17 19:59:00;26 minutes;UFO seen in Long Beach California Air traffic rerouted, helicopters search and no word in the media! From 7:59 to 8:25pm on March 17th, 2009, (please excuse my ignorance in forgetting to reset the time in my camera for DST!) my sons and I saw another UFO in the skies over Long Beach, California.  We were in the backyard of our home taking pictures of whatever might look interesting, as sky-watching is our hobby.  We do it at least 5 days a week to relax after a long day and I've been teaching them the constellations.   I then noticed something that didn't fit what we've come to know as a terrestrial craft, whether a jet, prop or experimental aircraft.  There was an object that was going from the west to the east and there was no red light visible (FAA REG) as with ALL OTHER AIRCRAFT taking off from the airport. Then it started to hover and immediately changed direction and again... did not have the FAA green light on its opposite side. I have almost 60 photos of this sighting... you really must see them all to be able to appreciate what is going on here. From my vantage point of about a mile off of the Pacific coast, this craft was hovering on the southern horizon - probably above the electric company at the corner of Studebaker and 2nd Street/Westminster.  After hovering, the craft would then make 160-180 degree turns going east, then west, then repeating while slowly drifting further south - over the Pacific Ocean - towards the famed Redondo Trench.  This went on, as can be seen in the properties of my photos, for 26 full minutes. At the time of our sighting this time, it was not clear what shape the object actually was until the photos were analyzed upon download to my computer, and even then, it seemed only the lights were visible.  As far as structure and the apparent shape-shifting abilities, this was one spectacular sighting! However it didn't beat the Triangle Mothership we all saw last November 12th, and I don't think anything else could!  That was reported the same day on UFO NorthWest, if you are interested. Anyway, I took a few real-time photos of the craft, but didn't want to waste the pictures and knew the only way to be sure to get proof was to take timed shots, so - as a result - most of the almost 60 photos I shot were 8 second exposures at a F 2.5 setting with an exposure value at +2.00 (the highest my camera goes) and certainly showing the true colors of the crafts lights and its flight pattern/path.  I used a high-pixel, Sony Cybershot digital camera and did not alter the originals AT ALL! I have kept their integrity to help you to prove or disprove whatever it was that caused more than ten helicopters to be in the air after it disappeared, and caused them to refuel and return to the search for the next 2 hours or so.  The light appeared to be of whitish/yellow color with a bit of red from time to time, and what got my attention was that the lights and colors did not match the FAA regulations with regards to Red on the left and green on the right and white lights that blink 40x per minute.  This thing pulsed and then stayed lit.  Then it blinked white lights fast and then went back to pulsing again only to follow it with another blast of bright, solid light for another thirty to sixty seconds.  From where I was, it looked like a saucer, then looked like 2 doing maneuvers together.  Then it looked like two orbs that were connected somehow, then shape-shifting into something else... more square-round. I would also like to mention that based on the photos I have taken, I have reason to believe their may have been more than one craft in the sky last night, too.  Several shots seem to show what could be mistaken for stars, but upon closer inspection, can be seen to have the same color coding/ shading as the inital craft and in two of my photos, it looks as if their are 2 saucers of another shape that might even be a couple of boomerangs, but on a timed photo, it is hard to tell. You are the experts and I do hope that my final disclosure to you will help figure out what is happening on our planet! Well, this was absolutely incredible, but did not come close to others I and my family have had and would like to talk with an investigator about. Last night, there were a total of 7 of us and an 8th joined in at the last minute, that witnessed this sighting and the after-effects. Only three of us saw it for the first 20 minutes or so, because I was getting pictures while the boys watched and tried to get neighbors out to see it, too. What else is interesting is that on March 11th, 2009, there was little to no usual traffic going into or out of Long Beach Airport and around 8:18pm, seven military and police/civilian helicopters flew over our house, seeming to be looking for something on the ground. They flew rather slowly, from west to east and then took a more southerly direction when above Seal Beach, moving towards the Huntington Beach Area. Scary thing? I took photos of them, too as soon as I heard them coming and watched them go... and the first shot set off the flash which seemingly caused one of the helicopters to turn on and shine a searchlight on us! I had the kids shut off the lights in and outside of the house, got to my computer and downloaded them as soon as I could - just in case I got something I wasn't supposed to have! I would most certainly like to speak with an investigator, especially since I've had multiple sightings (as has my eldest son) over the last many years and would like to finally share some of them with anyone willing to listen. I am beginning to fear whatever the heck is going on... and there IS something going on. Especially here in Long Beach, California.;33.8046158550385;-118.18191268403
Big, extremely bright, bluish-white, silent light that changed shape in the sky over the ocean in Long Beach, CA.;2011-09-29 05:00:00;at least six minutes;Big, extremely bright, bluish-white, silent light that changed shape in the sky over the ocean in Long Beach, CA. I saw something unusual in the sky while letting my dog out to urinate at 5:00 in the morning on September 29, 2011.  I was the only person in my house to see it see it, but I am reporting it in hopes that maybe someone else saw it too and can corroborate what I saw. Because I was a bit afraid of what I saw, I did take a picture. I just rushed my dog back in the house, locked my door, and got back in to bed close to my spouse. In retrospect I wish I would have taken a picture so that I would have some proof of what I saw, but the thing really creeped me out and I did not want to even look at it again. I live across the street from the beach. From my front yard, looking southwest, there was a big, bright light in the sky. The sky was very clear and the morning was very quiet.  The light I saw is the brightest thing I have ever seen, except for the sun. It was so bright and seemed to be bluish-white in color. It was brighter than the moon. I don’t think that it was as bright as the sun because it did not hurt my eyes to look at it. It wasn’t a glowing light and it wasn’t blurry, just clear and bright white light. The light did not move and distance or make any noise at all. The shape of the light was like a vertically-oriented oval. At one point the light shifted from being an oval shape to being a crescent shape and then back again to an oval or round shape. It appeared to be very large in the sky. From the ground it did not look as big as the moon, but it looked way bigger than stars or planes look. Because the light seems strange to me, I started trying to figure out what it was. I know that is was not the moon because it was too bright and didn’t have that glowing, reflective quality of the moon.  It also did not have any of the man-on-the- moon shapes on it.  It was just a solid bright light. I know it was not a helicopter because it did not make any noise or have to typical little lights that helicopters have. I know it was not a plane because it did not move or go anywhere.  I know it was not a street light because the lights in my neighborhood are orange colored and this was much higher. I know it was not a meteor because it did not move.  I know it was not a star because it was too big and because there is usually too much light pollution in Long Beach to really see starts clearly. I know it wasn’t a planet because it was too big.  I also know that I was not dreaming this because I stayed awake after putting my dog out.  I know it was not a blimp because it was vertic! ally oriented and did not move. I of course know it was not a bird because it was a bright light. I know it was not a flare because flares fall and leave a smoke trail that you can see in the dark.  I know it was not a firework, because it did not fall of make noise. And I know it was not a spotlight or lighthouse light because it was far too bright.  I know it was not from a boar because it was too high up in the sky.  I know it was not a light on a tall building because there are not any tall buildings over the ocean. Maybe this was a piece of the NASA space shuttle still falling down? I don't know.;33.8046158550385;-118.18191268403
I observed a bright yellow orange fireball with red tinge traveling from the northeast to the southwest.;2014-10-03 21:00:00;30 seconds;I observed a bright yellow orange fireball with red tinge traveling from the northeast to the southwest. I walked out into my backyard and I looked up to the east to see a bright yellow orange fireball with red tinge traveling from the northeast to the southwest at a moderate speed in relation to its size and distance from my standpoint. I witnessed the object for 25 to 30 seconds. The fireball then flickered out to reveal a white pulsating light on a dark metal looking object which flashed 3 times and then extinguished all while the object turned course toward the south east and  appeared to accelerate at a high rate of speed. I thought what I was looking at could possibly have been Chinese lantern but there were no real true signs of fire and the lantern would have been traveling against any wind currents present from the south.  Also, when the object burnt out, it did not fall to earth but accelerated away holding its altitude until it disappeared out of view just as an aircraft in level flight would. I attempted to video the object with the camera on my pho! ne for about 20 seconds zooming in on the object at the midpoint of the filming. The video actually recorded was only two seconds.  I was able to get a few good stills out of the 2 seconds of video that I did capture. I have witnessed the approaching fire ball which seems to drop its cargo and run once before on 09/30/09 at around 22:50 hours. The first sighting was far more dramatic and I had two witnesses with me who to this day, still do not believe what they saw.;33.8046158550385;-118.18191268403
