Moving lights high in the sky;1973-07-22 01:00:00;2 minutes;Moving lights high in the sky My friends and I were camping out in the back yard. I didn't fall asleep right of way and was looking up at the stars. I saw what looked like an amber star moving from west to east. The objects brightness was between 0 and +1 magnitude and moving like a satellite,in fact I thought it was. Its course swung to the southeast where it disappeared high above the horizon and I thought it had entered the Earths shadow. I looked back up and saw a similar object following the same base course with the exception that it moved to the northeast and disappeared like the other one.;42.5901874074074;-87.852471111111
Three large white lights on the underside of an mini van sized ufo at approximately 150 feet away for about ten minutes.;1989-02-12 19:00:00;10 minutes;Three large white lights on the underside of an mini van sized ufo at approximately 150 feet away for about ten minutes. I was in my neghbor's backyard shoveling snow off of the basketball half court when I noticed the UFO.  It was to in the front of the house just over the oak tree tops in an opening in the tree branches that made it visible.   I was convinced that this thing was watching me.  It was about the size if a mini van.  It was the shape of a plump M&M candy.  It was inky black in appearance and would have probably gone unnoticed by me save for the lights in it. There were three white lights on its underside. They were about the size of those saucer sleds that kids use. They were not airplane lights but big and round lights. The lights curiously did not illuminate the rest of the object.  It remained absolutely silent and stationary for maybe ten minutes or so.  I was terrified the moment that I saw it.  I also stood motionless the entire time of ten minutes.  All I could do was hope that this was not going to turn out to be an abduction.  I was fearfully dreading seeing those little monsters with big black almond shaped eyes.   Nothing at all happened to me.  I decided to start shoveling again and pretend it wasn't there. The moment that I looked away the UFO left.  I just remember looking down for a second and then looking back up there and there was no sighn of it. Then I ran somewhat toward where the thing was in order to get to the gate and then run into my house.  I felt like I was going to have a heart attack. That was all that happened. My personal interpretation of this was loooong thought over and pounded through in a lot of objective consideration.  In the end and after many changes in my life and a radical transformation which began in late 1996 I came to a sound and peace filled conclusion.  If I indeed saw something that night (meaning that this was not in my mind) it was unquestionably supernatural. The thoughts that I progressivly began to consider brought more and more confusion, meaninglessness and ultimately despair into my heart.  What would the existence of alien Intelligent life mean to me?  Why would they come here?  Why me?  What does this say about humanity's origen and its inextricably linked purpose for existence and its destiny?  Is the abduction phenomenon real?   I read quite a number of books about all these things.  Many different explanations were offered. The acceptance of any one of them would impact my world view tremendously and therefor my life would be conducted based on my conclusions which I was desparate for.   Years later after putting faith in the God of the Bible and His Son, Jesus, I saw things in a new and clear light.  Mankind is actually created by an entirely supernatural God.  We were created to be his children.  This means that we are in many ways like Him.  One thing is for sure:  He is the absolutely most superior person there is.  We are created as the most phenominal and superior life form, reflecting our creator (in the image of God).  Thus, there can not be any life that is more capable or intelligent in any way comparable to Mankind.  There are however both good and evil entities called angels (messengers of God. The evil ones wish to hide and distort the truth about God and thus bring death and destruction to humanity through sin.  God conversly works through His unique and eternal God-man Son, Jesus, to intervine and save people.  Hence, the reality that there is to the UFO/abduction phenomenon can be attribed to these categories:  1. Natural or explainable phenomenon. 2. People who are crazy to one level or another, or on drugs, etc. 3. Secret military aircraft. 4. Evil spirits expressing themselves through UFOs and abductors as an effective means to mislead people into believing in lies about God and mankind.  Lies like you are your own god or Atheistic evolution theories, various magical, new age, and eastern mysticism worldviews.  The list never ends because there is no reliable measuring tool for interpreting the phenomenon. As a believer in Jesus however, I have made it a priority to either validate or repudiate the Bible as a true book from the one creator God.  A careful search into this will reveal to anyone that the book is fully relable. Jesus can save us and also bring the universe and life into its proper context. This is liberating. If you obey my words than you are really my disciples (followers) and you will know the truth, and the truth will make you free. Jesus, John 8:31-32.  Have you experience truth and freedom? ((NUFORC Note:  Date of event may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));42.5901874074074;-87.852471111111
It was a warm July evening.  I was down by Southport Beach, on the shorelines of Lake Michigan.  It's a city beach in Kenosha, so i was;1996-07-11 00:40:00;2-2.5 sec.'s;It was a warm July evening.  I was down by Southport Beach, on the shorelines of Lake Michigan.  It's a city beach in Kenosha, so i was there after curfew (10:00pm).  I liked going down there to gaze at the stars on clear warm nights in the Summer.  I was looking up at the Summer constellations toward the Eastern horizon over Lake Michigan.  The sky was absolutley clear, and hardly any humidity and no clouds that night.  I was staring at a section of sky just about 20 degrees downward from Polaris toward the Eastern horizon.....maybe where Casseopia's located.....when all of the sudden......DIRECTLY whithin my line of vision......this object appeared into my view...and quietly sailed across a section of the dark sky about 30 degrees in distance from my vantage point....how many miles in distance...I don't really know.....how high up in the air.....good question, since I really couldn't make out the size of the object.  This this appeared, then dis-appeared as fast as it was into view!  It made no sound....TOTALLY silent.  It was no meteorite, or shooting star.  I know what those look like in all of their many visits and forms.  This thing was definitely something from an intelligent source.  It was like it appeared in our three-dimensional realm then exited it just as fast. It was not in my peripheral vision, but I was lucky enough to view it directly, as fast as it happened.  I do not do drugs, nor have I ever. i don not consume alcohol, nor was I under the influence of any prescription medication.  I was as stone cold sober as a judge that evening. There were NO stores or restaurants having any Grand Openings in the surrounding area beaming huge floodlights into the sky, or anything like that.  Nor were there any clouds for light to relfect off of.....no aircraft of any sort in the area either.  It ABSOLUTELY defied any logic that I know of.  No aurora borealis phenomena scheduled that far south that time.  It was bizarre.  It was amber to orange colored....solid, yet defined and fuzzy edges ou! tlining the form/s. It was three oblong shaped forms, like three hot dogs right next to each other....or ONE object separated by two black lines, I don't know....they all travelled together, in unison with each other in the short time it appeared, then disappeared.  After I saw it....I was dumbfounded for a few moments....Like, What in the HELL was that??  Then I got into my car, and drove home and told my mother she, was like. Huh?.........then I just wrote the whole thing off after awhile....but it will always stay with my, because it NEVER seemed like one of those situations when you  see something out of the corner of your eye, but you're not really sure a few moments afterward if you really even SEEN something, but perhaps just some figment of the imagination, or some typical fleeting natural neurological phenomena....like seeing quick flashes out of the corner of your eye, when you move your head too quickly.  It NEVER seemed like anything like that.  It was TOO direct and straight within my line of vision, and it lasted AT LEAST two seconds long.  I don't know....you tell me.  There were no other people or cars anywhere near me either.  Now it's just a weird memory in the back of my mind.  I also have no history of neurological disorders, either.  Just thought I'd clear any doubts up.  Anyway.........that's my story. I'm 37 yrs. old now (Jan. 2002)........it was the first and last time I ever seen anything like that in my whole entire life.  I've told some freinds of mine a few years afterward, but they all looked at me like I was a crackpot.  So I tell no one anymore.  We all see what we want, or would like to see in life, but lewt me tell you......I was NEVER looking for something like that, EVER.  I'm not some UFO buff to begin with, yet now I've joined the ranks of those who have seen one.   Take care.....and thanks for reading about my story (situation?).    ...........((name and e-address deleted));42.5901874074074;-87.852471111111
Curved slightly backwards string of lights 2-3 times size plane? no sound, hovers/ flies slow,silent 3 sightings, 3 objects;2005-12-07 18:30:00;1 hour;Curved slightly backwards string of lights 2-3 times size plane? no sound, hovers/ flies slow,silent 3 sightings, 3 objects I adopted a rescued Havanese from rescue group approximately 3 weeks ago.  I sit out with him in the back yard trying to train him to do his duty outside.   About one week ago I saw something going across the sky south to north.  It seemed longer then a plane and lights seemed to stretch the length of it.  Mostly red lights.  What I noticed was the extremely slow pace it went and there was no sound.   Last night I was sitting facing east in the dark with Nate.  I looked up at the stars and noticed nothing but the star in the east that is the brightest right now.  Suddenly approximately directly under the north star? downlittle I saw what appeared to be a string of lights again.  No sound.  I would try and describe it as like a string bean or Chestnut tree whip with lights from one end to the other.  Not straight, but rather bent back, maybe like a boomerang but with not as much bend, just curved slightly.   As I looked up another appeared to the right and one to the left behind it.  I just looked down at the dog and said see ya and went immediately in the house.  I tried to get my daughter on the phone and then my son and one neighbor and finally got one to look outside and they saw nothing.  I finally had the courage to look and saw nothing.  then saw it towards the west almost straight up, as I went to tell the neighbor on the phone about it I looked again it was gone.  They hover, not fly in any direction. The first and last appearances were separated by about an hour.  They do not fly away, they simply disappear.  I am hoping there is just something wrong with my eyes, but just had complete eye exam by Dr. ((name of doctor deleted)). After I went in the house after talking to neighbor the phone ran and all that was there was a noise like muffled helicopter blades, later I thought I heard that outside but figured I was just losing my mind.  this morning the television will not go on, will have to check batteries, light in kitchen would not go on, will check bulb;42.5901874074074;-87.852471111111
Stingray Shaped Object in broad Day light;2009-08-03 17:00:00;40 seconds;Stingray Shaped Object in broad Day light Monday August 3, 2009, it was about 5pm.  There were blue skys, bright day, no clouds. I was driving my mother to a store taking north on 24th Ave.  Going left on 45th St in Kenosha, Wi. As we approached 45th St to turn Left.  I noticed a large object that had looked like the shape of a stingray. It was completely solid black, moving slowly.  About 200 hundred feet in the air. It was approximately 18 feet wide and roughly 10 feet long.  We watched it for about 40 seconds before turning. And watched it for a moment while driving away.  Where it looked like wings, it seemed like they were in mid flap, but had never moved. Tuesday August 4,2009 About 5pm.  My mother had been sitting in front of my house.  And she reported to me that she had seen the object again.  It had been flying from north of 25th Ave. towards south on 25th Ave.  She had said again it seemed like it was soaring, like a bird that could not move its wings.  It took approximately 3 minutes to pass.;42.5901874074074;-87.852471111111
V-Shaped object, no lights, flew in straight line at extreme speed;2010-09-03 19:55:00;5 seconds;V-Shaped object, no lights, flew in straight line at extreme speed I was on my deck at dusk, caught fast movement in the corner of my eye. Looked up to see a v-shaped or boomerang, dark or black object flying south to north along shore of Lake Michigan at extreme speed. Traveled in straight line.  I had mostly unobstructed view, crossed my line of sight south to north in about 5 seconds.  No lights, no sound.  Seemed fuzzy, maybe because of extreme speed. Couldn't judge altitude, but seemed lower than commercial jet traffic.;42.5901874074074;-87.852471111111
Was outside looked in sky over Carthage college saw 3-4 red lights in sky just sitting in one spot.  ((anonymous report));2016-06-18 22:15:00;4-5 minutes;Was outside looked in sky over Carthage college saw 3-4 red lights in sky, just sitting in one spot,  Grabbed my binoculars out of my car to see then it started to move fast across sky, then when I looked again it had stopped then it started going again fast zigzagging towards the west in matter of seconds it was gone going towards Illinois? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.5901874074074;-87.852471111111
