 I looked forward and noticed in the upper right hand corner of the wind shield a dark well defined disk shaped object.;1998-09-24 23:59:00;half an hour;The day was Thursday September 24th.  My wife and I were traveling west bound on I-90 where the Wyoming and Montana border meet at approximately midnight.  We decided to set a goal of getting into Montana before stopping for the night, finding a motel room in a small town.  There were loads of deer crossing signs and we nearly hit one crossing the road.  Because of the lack of cars on the road we were able to switch to high beams so I was tunnel visioned, while driving,  to watch for deer on the road.  It was then that we noticed the solar flare stuff that was lighting up the sky that has been in the news lately.  We pulled over to the side of the road to look at the brilliant illuminating effect.  We totally shut the lights off and stood looking up at it amazed.  We got back in the car and I wanted to continue looking at the shimmer of white light.  The only place I could do that was behind me over my left shoulder.  It was then that I noticed a quarter sized perfect circle cutting out one of the shimmering flare areas in the sky.  I looked at it several times.  Then I looked forward and noticed in the upper right hand corner of the wind shield a dark well defined disk shaped object.  I said to my wife You will think I am crazy if I tell you what I see and she joked that it must be a UFO.  I said I  think so and asked her if she saw the object.  She said she did and she continued to watch it.  She said it was moving and I meantime was looking at two and sometimes three directly ahead of us.  The third of those objects kept collapsing in on itself.  There were no lights on any of them.  They were not clouds, as the sky was perfectly clear.  The quarter sized circle thing had vanished but directly out my driver side window was a long very large cigar shaped object - dark but very clearly defined.  Sometimes it was rectangular and sometimes triangular.  Very clearly defined but dark.  Then that object became more abstract in shape. In the upper left hand corner of the windshield appeared a large object saucer shaped with a raised area in the middle.  It appeared to have at least one porthole type feature.  It stayed in that position for what seemd like 10-15 minutes as we drove along.  We were both scared crazy but kept driving at 65 mph.  The object stayed in what seemd a fixed position in the upper left hand corner of the windshield and the shimmering light quality of the flare effect revealed sort of a greyish color to the object.  All at once a long line of blackish linked wing like things, seemingly all linked together, moved closer and closer and seemed like they were almost at the end of the car hood and then vanished.  Then everything was gone. The next day I woke up and my eyes were burning and very, very bloodshot.;45.1086;-107.4297
