Flat black color, 6-legged, toy jack shaped, basketball-sized object on the ground melting snow in a squall;1969-01-08 21:30:00;5 minutes;Flat black color, 6-legged, toy jack shaped, basketball-sized object on the ground melting snow in a squall This report is about a snowy winter night in 1968, 1969 or 1970.  That is the best I can pinpoint the ‘ancient history’ from my past. The unidentified object was shaped very similarly to a jack in the child’s game of ‘ball & jacks’. It was on the ground, tilted so its low side faced the city.  It was flat-black color. Its circumference was slightly larger than a basketball. Toy jacks that I recall had 4 legs radiating outward from a center axis.  This object had 6 legs.  Two front legs were feet-on-the-ground, facing the city.  Two legs were a bit off the ground and to the left and right sides of the ‘face’.  Two ‘rear legs’ in the back of the ‘jack’ were off the ground facing uphill. It was an odd configuration because whoever saw it asked, at least instinctively, “How could 4 legs off of the ground be outweighed by the 2 front legs that were on the ground and tilted to face the city?”  This basketball-sized jack with the flat-black finish was sitting halfway up a hill in Grandview City Park in the Pittsburgh, PA. A neighborhood named “Mount Washington” overlooks Pittsburgh. Mt. Washington has two well known vantage points that gaze across the river at the downtown skyscrapers.  These vantages are Grandview Avenue and Grandview Park.  They are on opposite ends of the neighborhood. Grandview Avenue got lots of pedestrian and vehicle traffic.  Grandview Park got much less, especially during winter. The park has an observation deck near the main entrance.  Uphill from the deck, the park is ‘terraced’ by 3 service roads. Atop the hill are 2 huge water tanks.  The park’s lowest road is its main service road (no public access for vehicles].  It’s between the hill and the observation deck.  This road is 2 vehicles wide. There are 2 more single-lane service roads.  They are further up the hillside. The position of these roads gives a framework for the remainder of this report. The highest service road goes to the water tanks.  At its apex it was about 60 yards (175’) higher than the main service road.  The middle service road was about 40 yards (125’) above the main service road. I know these distances because on snowy nights I practiced playing football.  Specifically, while walking our family’s fearless German Shepherd, I played quarterback.  I threw snowballs at trees. They were adjacent to the service roads and spaced apart at intervals of 10 to 50 yards.  I knew the distances with respect to the same distances on a football field. Facing the water tanks and, thus, facing away from the city, the large hill is gumdrop-shaped.  At its base is the main service road.  The highest and midway, single-lane service roads curve across the face of the hill.  They intersect at the main road. This particular night I walked Duke (the dog) up to the top of the hill.  It was snowing medium hard.  We could see only the brightest lights of the nearest downtown buildings.  And those lights were fuzzy & foggy.  The same was true for visibility of the park’s service road street lights at the opposite end of the park’s main entrance.  Only the 2 of us were walking through the park. The snow was ankle deep to mid-calf, depending on drifts formed by the wind.  The snow was deep enough that the wind that whistled through the park during winter had not yet blown any spots bald to render them devoid of snow. We walked along the highest service road over the crown of the hill facing the city, walked down the hill to the midway service road, to double back to where we entered.  Duke was usually rambunctious and very curious.  He knew my game of snowball football. Sometimes, he liked to race me to where my snowball hit a tree.  That night we’d done some casual racing in the snow to about 10 trees. We got to one of his favorite places to race & run.  The next tree was about 40 yards away. He liked hearing “pop” when my snowball hit that tree.  He liked to take-off as he watched its flight.  But he didn’t on that night.  He shied away from hurrying toward that tree. He avoided the upside of the service road and stayed his leash’s length away on the downhill side toward the city. He usually preferred the uphill side because other dogs marked their spots on the uphill side. As we made our way toward the tree I’d just hit with a snowball, I noticed a depression in the snow on that service road.  I couldn’t yet see it clearly because the city lights and park street lights were dimmed by medium-heavy snowfall, but there was definitely something dimensionally odd about a point in the snow near tree I’d just hit. The nearer we got to my new ‘line-of-scrimmage’ (the tree), the more Duke was reluctant to continue. He always led the charge toward any new curiosity.  But he didn’t this time.  As I got nearer, I saw a circular black spot with almost no snow on the asphalt service road. Then I started seeing the jack-shaped, object dormantly sitting there. I got about 2-3 yards away from it.  Duke stayed with me although he had enough leash to go sniff it -- which he’d done with everything before and after our encounter with that object put his nose right on or in it. I did not feel heat radiating from the jack, but heat had to explain why there was no snow in the radius around it.  I ventured to a bit more than an arm’s length away.  I picked up a pinch of the fluffy snow and sprinkled it toward the jack.  A bit of my sprinkling landed on it and was gone in less than 2 minutes.  It took only slightly longer to vanish than the regular snow falling on and around it. Meanwhile, I studied it as closely as I dared.  I saw no seams, nothing that resembled a hatch or window.  Yet I had the distinct sense that it was specifically facing the city lights almost like admiring the view through the snow while enjoying the calm & silence of such a snowfall.  At the same time I had a definite sense of “Hands OFF!  Don’t touch!”   The center of the jack had the biggest pod/cylinder both in diameter and height.  At the end of each leg were smaller-scale versions of the same pod.  The pods were approximately the same diameter as the legs that connected them to the center core.  If they were different diameters, then it was by a mere millimeter or less measurable only with calipers.  Small as it was it didn’t seem spindly.  It seemed sturdy.  It didn’t seem hostile, but it wasn’t inviting or overtly friendly.  It emitted a sense (or invisible aura) of power . . . not energy, but of power. Duke inched nearer to it only as I did. I was his shield and security.  This was totally out of character for our fierce, fearless dog.  I’d always needed to restrain him. He was a trained attack dog that K-9 police gave us because he was too aggressive ~ until he encountered this jack. This whole encounter was 3-5 minutes. I stepped past the jack, threw a few more snowballs at my next possible (football receiver) trees, drifted back to the jack for one last look, and saw no changes.  Then we returned home.  My snowballs were unusually accurate that night missing 1 or 2 of 75-80 throws.  The next day my brother took Duke for his morning walk.  I told him about the black jack.  He looked for it.  It was gone. But where I’d seen it there was a divot in the snow shaped like the bottom of a basketball. Thinking about it you’ve got to ask: “Why was all of the ground below it devoid of snow?  Why not only where just the front feet touched the ground?  How did the black jack get there?  Obviously, it didn’t walk or tumble there. Why were there no tracks or footprints in the virgin snow?”  That made no sense. It had been snowing for 2-3 hours.  Anyone/thing moving afoot through the park would have left telltale tracks. And, Duke very cautiously and tentatively stuck his nose only so close as if a spherical energy field was radiating outward from the jack, just 1-2 inches beyond the full length of the jack’s legs.  My observation was that Duke knew or sensed something to the effect, “That’s as near as you get!”  But maybe it was selective/smart shielding because snow was OK for touching the jack. These are my thoughts articulated today (November 2013) but at least subconsciously in my 15-17 year-old awareness during the encounter.  It was weird, semi-spooky, and it simply “didn’t add up”.  While looking at it I pondered picking it up and taking it home to show Dad (a master engineer of power plants, steel mills and water processing facilities).  But Duke avoided the jack as though it was the Plague -- a sign to duly consider.  And I had no idea of where to put it, what to do with it, and it ‘felt’ too strange. The jack looked different than all other UFO configurations/shapes that I’d seen before and that I’ve seen since.  I kind of have regrets about this probably dubious ‘opportunity’.  But I played it safe and I’m still alive to tell you about it. ----------- Completing the end of this report form . . .  Contact me if you want.  I can not accept (pay for) a collect call.  I don't prepay my phone with so much money.  Also, I did not see the object land.  It was already on the ground when I saw it.  Now, I live in Spain.;40.4446928841792;-79.9709945495833
A LARGE CRAFT WITH FIVE SMALL FLOATING LIGHTS SURROUNDING IT, HOVERED OVER EDGEWOOD FOR A SHORT AMOUNT OF TIME THEN SEEMED TO VANISH.;1997-02-17 00:47:00;20 MIN;SUMMARY:  A LARGE CRAFT WITH FIVE SMALL FLOATING LIGHTS SURROUNDING IT, HOVERED OVER EDGEWOOD FOR A SHORT AMOUNT OF TIME THEN SEEMED TO VANISH. THE CRAFT HAD TWO SMALL ENGINES ON THE SIDES AND A LARGE HOLE IN THE MIDDLE.  IT HAD DISTINCTMARKINGS ON THE ENTIRE SHIPS HULL.  THEY ARE BELIEVED TO BE SOME KIND OF WRITING.  IT WAS ABOUT TEN FEET LONG AND FIVE FEET WIDE.  IT MOVED IN AN INTRICATE PATTERN AND SEEMED TO PUT ON A SHOW.  THE SHAPE WAS NOT DISK LIKE, IT WAS SHAPED LIKE A LARGE TAPE DISPENSER.;40.4446928841792;-79.9709945495833
I saw 4 different aircrafts within a period of 15 min, all were square, low flying, had 3 round lights, and fast flashing red lights.;1998-11-16 21:00:00;15min;I saw 4 different aircrafts within a period of 15 min, all were square, low flying, had 3 round lights, and fast flashing red lights. On Monday night, November 16, 1998, driving home to Penn Hills, down Butler St. heading towards Allegheny River Blvd.  I saw 3 round bright lights rather low in the sky going towards Pittsburgh.  They were flying in line with the river on my left side.  At first thought it was a low flying airplane headed for an approach for the Pittsburgh airport.  As I looked up again, and the plane seemed to be sitting still.  Then it seemed to move again towards Pittsburgh.  That's when I noticed the second one further to my left.  They had the same 3 lights and small twinkling red lights.  I pulled over three times to watch these objects. As we passed by in the night I went further on down the road, not looking back, but wondering what could stand still.  I then  decided to call the local TV station to ask if they could find out if there was anything unusual flying to the airport, but they didn't seem to care.  Then I called 911, they didn't seem to care.  I then called information to get the airport's number to see if they had anything on radar unusual, that might put my mind at ease.  I then saw a third and forth objects, both with 3 brighth round lights, and flashing red ones.  When I called the TV station back, they suggested I saw a helicopter.  These were not moving like helicopters and I heard no engine noises at all.  The third and forth moved theh same way as the first two.  I looked up and saw a square outline with the three bright lights, and red lights at the corners.  The forth object then hoovered close to me.  Then it left. This all took place between 10-15 min.;40.4446928841792;-79.9709945495833
Stange Craft chased away by fighters.;1999-10-13 18:00:00;Approx 5 min.;Stange Craft chased away by fighters. This is an old sighting, which I am not sure what it was. At the time I wrote it off as a stealth fighter. I was taking out the trash. I heard a strange noise.  It was like that of a fighter jet, but, different. It was irregular, not constant. I looked up. From where I was looking, if I'd held my arms out to measure it I estimate it would 14 feet (this is figurative, not actual size). It was extremely large, It was wedge shaped. A single light on the bottom was lit, it was circular and protuded from the bottom of the craft. I shouted at the object. The craft sopped above me. I yellow Holy (censored) what the (censored) is that?! The light in the center blinked once. Then I heard the roar of jet engines and the craft accelerated so fast it was just a blur, then two fighters (I think F15 tomcats, I'm not sure) engaged in pursuit. I am not sure what it was. I was told by a friend it was a stealth fighter probably. But I'm very into those aircraft, I've seen them flying at night and during the day. Then my theory was it was an experimental aircraft, but then why did the fighter jets chase it? I will admit that in theory, I believe in aliens and UFOs. But I've looked into other options. I do not jump to conclusions. It could have been an aircraft from another country that was experimental, but I don't live near anything of strategic importance. It is, in my eyes, truly an Unidentified Flying Object. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of alleged incident is approximate.  We do not know what the witness, a student, observed.  The F-15 is and Eagle, not a Tomcat.  We do not know how the witness could have been able to identify an F-117 stealth fighter at night.  They seem to fly in only certain, limited areas of the U. S., and unless such a fighter were at a very low altitude, such an aircraft would be visible solely because of its lights.  PD));40.4446928841792;-79.9709945495833
Transucent/transparent, crescent, uni-wing shaped object viewed through binoculars filling field of view;2006-10-29 22:00:00;7- 10 seconds;Transucent/transparent, crescent, uni-wing shaped object viewed through binoculars filling field of view 	I must preface this report by saying that it is a secondhand account of this event.  It was observed and reported to me by my brother and his wife. I am 57, male, my brother is 55.  I am college educated at the master’s level. My brother works in technical design. 	I believe this sighting occurred on 10-28 or 10-29-2006 near 10 PM. in a suburb of Pittsburgh about ten miles from the center of town. A few weeks prior to this night my brother and wife went to a small observatory to view a comet. A couple of weeks later the comet had become bright enough to view with binoculars and on the evening  mentioned they were in their yard with binoculars, 7x35 and 10x50. The sky was dark and crystal clear without any cloud cover . 	As they were both looking through binoculars trying to locate the comet at a position bout 45 degrees above the horizon, my brother suddenly sighted something for which he has no explanation. He told me that he immediately realized that he would probably only have a brief  time to view what he was seeing and became intense in an effort to observe and remember details. This is where his report gets kind of weird. 	The main characteristic of  the object was, well, he said the best way he could describe it was,“It looked like the Romulan vessel (from the TV series Star Trek) when it would become cloaked (turning invisible).  He observed it for about seven to ten seconds.  During that time it was moving and changed direction twice.  The motion did not appear to be fast (unless this was much farther away than he realizes in which case the object would also be extremely large).  The first change in direction was about ninety degrees to the original motion and then ninety degrees back to the original path and then he lost sight of it. During this movement it moved toward him and overhead. 	When I asked him about it’s altitude, he was uncertain since there were no clouds,only stars, but said if he had to guess it was probably cloud level or lower. Later he calculated size and distance by measuring the field of  view in his binoculars at a known distance on land. The image he saw that night filled the entire view of his binoculars. He concluded if it was 200 - 300 feet it must have been about two to three thousand feet high or about one half mile. Closer and it would have been smaller. He heard no noise. Fartheraway and it would have to be larger. 	At this point, he asked his wife if she had just seen anything. Her response after a moment of hesitation was, Well, it was kind of invisible.  He told her not to say another word, not wanting to bias his memory of the observation.  He asked her to come into  the house.  He got two pieces of paper and they went into separate rooms to draw what they saw. 	He showed me the drawings.  They were simple outlines.  Remember that it was invisible. Also remember that they were both looking through binoculars and the object filled the entire field of view in his 10x50.  One thing that I noticed between their drawings was that the overall proportion of width to length were quite the same.  The overall shape and proportion resembled a crescent moon but not as curved, more elongated.  And rounded, not pointed at the tips.  The leading edge was curved and smooth, however, the back edge was less curved and both curves bowed forward in the direction of motion. 	Additional detail noticed by my brother (looking through more powerful binoculars) but not his wife is as follows:  The back edge was serrated like a steak knife with seven points.  Along the entire front edge were what appeared to him as markings.  Each was a mirror image of the next and he described them as ornate curls as on a wrought iron railing or perhaps a curled animal’s horn.  This whole image appeared as translucent or transparent except for the details mentioned. 	My brother could not come up with any possible explanation for what they saw. He definitely ruled out clouds, vapor trails, etc.  It was moving, changed direction and maintained the definite shape as described.  He was glad his wife was with him in that their mutual observation verified the reality of the sighting.  Otherwise, he feels that he would question and have a hard time believing that he really saw this (?). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.4446928841792;-79.9709945495833
Mock helicopter seen above city of Pittsburgh.;2012-01-10 05:15:00;15+ minutes;Mock helicopter seen above city of Pittsburgh. I witnessed two very strange things this morning.  It was a craft that mocked a helicopter, but I noticed something was off with it.  It maneuvered much like a helicopter.  It had the directional lights on it, as well as a strobe light.  It was circling above the City of Pittsburgh, though higher than the buildings.  I couldn't see any body of the helicopter.  At one point, all of the lights turned off but one.  It looked much like a star in the sky.  Then all of a sudden, it turned into a VERY bright light that was painful to stare at.  It then proceeded to turn back on it's directional lights and strobe light. Just a few short miles up river on the Allegheny, I saw a similar craft.  It could have been the same, but would have had to move at a lightning speed.  It did the exact same thing with the lights as the first craft. I live fairly close to an airport.  I have seen planes and helicopters at night before.  I have seen them from all different angles and making many turns.  This was unlike anything I have ever seen before.  And again I stress, all I saw was the lights.  There was no body to either crafts. I would have taken pictures, but it was very dark, and I a passenger in a vehicle driving to work.;40.4446928841792;-79.9709945495833
2 objects bright red with aura flying across the pittsburgh night sky;2012-09-08 23:15:00;1 minute;2 objects bright red with aura flying across the pittsburgh night sky 2 shapes that came across the night sky -  bright red with a lighter outline - one after the other.  Both seemed to fly across the sky from west to east - one flew right below a plane that was also going in the same direction. very distinct from the plane.;40.4446928841792;-79.9709945495833
UFO zips across a double rainbow;2016-02-24 17:00:00;Few seconds;UFO zips across a double rainbow On February 24, 2016, I took a live photo on my iPhone 6s of a double rainbow.  I was looking at my old photographs and stumble across that one and held the screen to make the short gif start playing and noticed something strange eight little balls of white.  They float across the shot and then disappear sometimes morphing into fewer dots.  It all happens very fast,  I've taken a few isolated shots of the clip as well. ((NUFORC Note:  The photo shows several blurry white splotches, which we suspect may have been seagulls, although we cannot be certain as to the nature of the objects.  PD));40.4446928841792;-79.9709945495833
