Bright flashing light too fast to be anything but a ufo following me in my truck.;2016-08-10 02:30:00;7 minutes;Bright flashing light too fast to be anything but a ufo following me in my truck I came over a rolling hill with a few trees directly ahead of me and I saw a bright flashing light in the shape of a circle just beyond the trees and as the road curved a noticed that the bright flashing light did not go as the road did it stayed in the pretty much the same spot through my windshield even though I had changed direction maybe 30 degrees.  That's when I knew that it was moving at the same speed as my truck.  And then it was on the other side of my truck almost as if it was pinned on me, for the next few minutes it traveled through rolling hills switching sides being in the front and then gone and then I'm the rear. It was a bright white light that flashed in roughly 1-2 seconds segments.   And it appeared to be only one, but I took a video through my side mirror and you can see the flashes moving in a direction and then the next flash it was well behind that, faster than any man made machine could possibly have done.  This occurrence also happened after I was at a rest stop and felt my uhaul truck swaying and I look at the long grass and trees and there was minimal wind it would take gusts to rock it the way it was rocking while the truck was not turned on.  I didn't think anything of it, but I felt that there was someone in the back and went an opened the back gate and even asked whoever was in there to please get out that it was not safe to ride with all the furniture.  Saw and heard nothing.   Got back into the cab and after a short time the rocking proceeded.  I banged on the back of the truck and said at least ride up here with me I have potato chips I can share, and to keep me company, as I was just joking not thinking anyone was in there but to take my mind off of it cuz it was making me paranoid.  Well, after the strange encounter with the flashing light that followed me for a good 5-10 miles it slowly disappeared into the distance very high in the air.  I got out to check the back again and the lights on the outside ! of the truck were flickering, just enough for me to notice as ! the were not flickering before the flashing unknown object laid before me.   I fell asleep in the truck an hour down the road and proceeded to call it hallucinations for the exhaustion from moving all day and driving all night.   That evening after work, I was telling someone about my hallucinations and how real it seemed and how paranoia can really mess with someone's head, when I remembered I took 2 short videos of the occurrence in a quick manner and had not looked at them yet.  Expecting not to see anything, it terrified me to see the light as I had seen it the night before on that very dark country highway leading into Colfax, Washington, and I even called my wife during the whole thing to tell her how scared I was and asking why is this light following me.  She even thought I was just tripping.    Well after I saw the videos I have never been more scared to be outside after dark, it really puzzled me on how real this was and how much it seemed to be a fantasy in a made up story book.  It was a moment I will not forget soon, and I went from riding a fence in existence of aliens, to full blown belief of them, and I was better off not knowing or seeing the event from that night.;46.8832;-117.3704
