Sighting near Colfax, WA in the mid 80's and another in the Alpine Lakes Wilderness;1984-06-01 12:00:00;5 minutes;Sighting near Colfax, WA in the mid 80's and another in the Alpine Lakes Wilderness I had left Washington State University in Pullman, WA enroute to my parents in Tacoma. I was heading northwest out of Colfax up to Sprague Lake where I was going to get on I-90.  About midway there I looked up and seen a large airplane traving north. I could not tell if it was a passenger or cargo plane, but it was not a small plane(not a private prop or company yet). It was your typical large airplane, what else can I say. Anyway, there was also a large dark oval or egg shaped spot following on the airplanes left flank. It was a very dark object with no distinct characteristics other than it was oval like, very dark and seemed to have no real distinct boundary. Quite small compared to the airplane... not much longer that the width of the wing - I would guess about the size of my pickup truck. I would say it was within 20 feet or so of the fusilage (sp?) of the airplane - traveling parallel with it - following it. I was driving at the time and taking glances up from the road as often as I could and started to slow down. I am thinking, this has got to be a figment of my imagination. I pulled over quickly and got out and looked up and the dark object was then directly in front of the plane - both traveling in the same direction and at the same speed. Both still heading north. I was thinking at the time that it had to be a visual anomalie and starting rubbing my eyes, etc and looking around in the skies for similar anomalies. I am out there in the sagebrush desert, no one else on the road, just starring up at this event in amazement. About then I noticed two military jets coming from the east (probably the airbase at Spokane).  I am thinking if they are coming on behalf of that airliner, man, this is something to be witnessing. Sure enough. The jets were moving fast and when they got within, say, a mile or so, the dark object just took off. Very, very, very fast is all I can say. There was a wake in the blue part of the sky - a dark path almost like a parting of the atmosphere directly in front of! the air liner. The UFO was there one minute and the next minute it was gone. Both military fighers came up and paralleled the airliner for a short distance and then left. And that was it. The airliner was a bit north of me by then. But I still remember that 'vapor trail' or dark path through the atmosphere. It slowly filled in or otherwise turned the normal sky blue. Another time, I was up in the Alpine Lakes Wilderness near French Ridge. Miles from any highway. At least two mountains between me and I-90 and 9 miles from the dirt road that I drove up. I set up camp near a small creek before Turquoise Lake. Was woken up that night by a humming sound. Never seen anything, but the humming got louder the softer then louder... etc in a cycle that lasted all night.  I am thinking, I am in the heart of a wilderness area at least 8 miles from the road. 4'000 feet of elevation gain by trail and backpack. What the hell could be 'humming up here'. Definitely a big machinery like sound. And very large though it seemed to be at least a quarter mile from me.  I could not tell which direction only that it was somewhere in that basin. I was pretty worried camping out there (was backpacking solo on that trip). Got up in the morning and looked around. Not much for trees up there as I was just at or above timerline. I hiked and looked around the basin that morning but could find nothing. This also happened in the mid 80's. Never mentioned either event before as I certainly have no respect for a government that hides such things. Don't want anything to do with them or talk with them. I figure it has been long enough now that they wouldn't bother. Too damn many other folks and sightings and such. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));46.8832;-117.3704
