11/10/08  0:30/ Uniontown Ohio/Shape Round/Duration 3 min/Object was 25 ft in diam.,round and viewed from Uniontown Ohio 11/15/08;2008-11-10 00:30:00;3 minutes;11/10/08  0:30/ Uniontown Ohio/Shape Round/Duration 3 min/Object was 25 ft in diam.,round and viewed from Uniontown Ohio 11/15/08 Me and my wife seen a round object the color of the sun (red) across the street from our house.  It was about a 1000 ft away.  Half of the object was above the tree tops and the other half could be seen showing behind the trees. It then started lowering to the ground,got smaller and smaller until it was a small brite red lite to the side of the trees and disappeared.  Believe it or not,the following nite I got up to use the bathroom,at 1:30 AM and the same type object was in the excat spot, but this time it was hoovering about 10 ft above the same trees.  It was the same shape,color and size as the object the nite before. I would estimate the diameter of this object to be about 25 ft.  I turned around to wake my wife and when I turned back, the object was gone.  Both sightings were within an hour of each other , but on two different nites.  It may also be of enterest that two days ago,an object discribed almost excatly as our sightings were reported seen in Lake County Ohio, about 50 miles North East of here.  It was on the Channel 3 News, a search party went out to look but did not find anything.;40.9666;-81.4184999999998
I had been on the road for about 5-6 minutes after leaving the Kent campus when I saw the ufo.;2017-04-18 22:20:00;~30 minutes;ufo that started as a bright ball of light but changed shape.  I am a marines fiance I am sure it was not a normal craft.  it followed me Hello I hope you are having a good night, I am the fiancé of a marine who’s MOS is Mechanics for large helicopters and planes.  I am familiar with a lot of air crafts because of it.  I live in Ohio.   I was traveling from the Kent University campus to my parents’ house in Uniontown, Ohio.  I was taking a lot of back roads and highways that cut through the countryside, it was mostly corn fields and trees with the occasional house.  Neither of which was lit. I had been on the road for about 5-6 minutes after leaving the Kent campus when I saw the ufo.  I first passed it off as a plane with its headlights towards me (the ufo was a fair distance away at this point so it looked small enough to be a plane)  The only thing that initially made me think its flight path was weird was that it almost seemed to be hugging the tree line from far off, I thought that was low.   I was stopped at a stop light at the time, and I made a choice to ignore it.  But when the stop light turned green, out of the corner of my eye, I saw the object shoot across the sky at a speed I’ve never seen before, and it stopped about what I’m guessing gave it about 5 miles of distance between me and it. That fast movement scared the crap out of me.  I immediately gunned it and took off down the road.  I would occasionally glance around at the sky to see if it followed me because it scared me, but I thought I lost it for a while.  I didn’t see it again till I turned onto the road called Switzer street in Uniontown.  It was sitting dead ahead of me all the way at the end of the road.  It looked like a very bright light at this point I couldn’t make out the shape of the craft because of it.  I just saw the giant ball of light.  At this point it was about half the size of a full moon. I gunned the gas again and made it to my parents’ house and ran inside.  They knew I was coming so the door was unlocked. I didn’t tell my parents about it initially.  I didn’t want them to think I was crazy but when I was leaving the house later, I asked my dad to walk me to the car because I was still unnerved.  He agreed to.  As we walked it showed up again between the tree line.  This time my dad saw it first and told me to look in its direction. “What ((words deleted)) is that?” my dad asked, as he walked a bit closer to the edge of our property. “I think its probably just a plane.”  I responded.  I really didn’t want to call it a ufo at that point I was honestly freaked out and was trying to explain it away. “That’s not a plane, it’s just sitting there not moving.  Planes don’t do that.”  He said, exasperated. No sooner did he say that did the air craft slowly start moving so it swung around and stopped above our back yard.  Still at the same far distance. My dad was spooked at that point and told me to go back in the house with him.  I refused, I wanted to get back to Akron.  I did not want to stay in the country side anymore.  He argued with me, but eventually let me go, if I promised to call him as soon as I got back.  I agreed and climbed into the car and locked the doors.  I watched dad run back inside.  When I looked up at the sky again the ufo was gone.  It was a clear sky tonight. that shouldn't of been possible for it to just disappear like that. I felt a pit in my stomach I did not like what was going on one bit.  I pulled out of the drive way, paranoid, and still watching the sky.  I took off and turned on to a road called Cleveland, Heading back towards Akron. It was a few minutes before I hit my first stop light. It was a red light again. That’s when the ufo showed up again this time it was close!  It was directly above the powerlines that were running up the side of the road.  It turned out its big light and it was replaced with a bunch of small red and blue ones that traced the length of it.  It was very long, almost cigar shaped but thinner.  The lights were evenly spaced out.  Thanks to the lights I could see the ship was about as big as two commercial planes put together.  It had to be at least be 1000 feet in the air still.  Which only leads me to believe it If it had landed, it would have been a crap ton bigger. I gunned a red light to get away from it.  I didn’t see it again till I was merging on the highway.  At that point it was around 10:40pm ish.  I saw the same bright light as I did before, only this time it was at the same distance as it was when I first saw it.  I nervously watched it, it moved out of my sight again, just as I was getting on to I77.  I did not see it again. I called my dad when I got home and explained everything that happened and he gave me your organization's number and told me to report it. I was also asked by the man I talked to on the hotline to give the ufo’s point of elevation.  I am not sure what that is, but I will ask my fiancé when he is off duty.  He is stationed in Japan right now, and they are 14 hours ahead of us, so he’s in the middle of his work day. But I will include the point of elevation in an email along with a drawn picture of the ufo.  I just need to find a printer to scan it into.  I was unable to get a physical picture of the ufo because I was driving for most of this sighting. I hope this was helpful!  Have a Good night!;40.9666;-81.4184999999998
