Two Bright Lights Hovered over Power Lines;2005-09-27 20:35:00;23 minutes;Two Bright Lights Hovered over Power Lines On Tuesday, September 27, 2005, at approximately 20:35 EDT, I observed, along with my wife and two neighbors, what appeared as very bright lights approximately 1/2 to 3/4 miles away.  They rose from behind a hill across the lake on which I live, along a set of power company transmission lines and stopped just above a set of power lines.  Using 10x50 binoculars, we could clearly see two bright, distinct lights, at least as bright as what might be found at outdoor stadiums.  The lights lit my home and trees brighter than any moon ever has.  I am a consultant to the Department of Defense, an aviation buff and the son of an airline pilot this was no standard aircraft.  Using the notch cut into the hill for the power lines as reference, I would estimate the distance between the two lights at anywhere from 100 to 125 feet.  The lights hovered over the power lines and remained silent and motionless for nearly 23 minutes.  I contacted the local police, but they were unaware of any activity in the area.  I contacted the local power company, but they relayed that they had no service or repair crews in the area.  At approximately 20:58, while observing through the binoculars, the lights began to move slightly towards the left (my left) and then appeard to turn slightly on their own axis to their own right, as the distance between the lights began to close and the light on my left dimmed a little.  After 30 seconds or so, the lights appeared again to turn on their own axis, this time back to their left, re-establishing the original distance between them.  Then both lights slowly (5 seconds) dimmed until they went out. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length via telephone with the witness, and we deem him to be an exceptionally qualified observer.  He provided several photographs of the area where the object was observed, and provided a witness graphic of what the two lights looked like to him through binoculars, which were mounted on a tripod.  The witness has contacted the FAA, the local police, and the airport at Manchester, NH, to inquire whether anyone else may have reported the same phenomenon, and is awaiting return telephone calls from all those institutions.  PD));43.0189;-71.5693
Seen over the Piscataquog River from Goffstown facing the west side of Manchester.  Blue light that stood still and suddenly took off.;2015-10-08 19:00:00;15 minutes;Seen over the Piscataquog River from Goffstown facing the west side of Manchester.  Blue light that stood still and would suddenly take off quickly.  Also changed height and direction quickly.  Totally silent.  Took video.;43.0189;-71.5693
