This thing lit up and we could see lights all around it when it powered up to move;2009-07-25 23:00:00;4 hrs;This thing lit up and we could see lights all around it when it powered up to move Last night at approximately 11pm my friends and I saw what we know was an unidentified flying object.  There were multiple households watching, I know that because when we would scream a little they would too.  We would literally jump like you would when something loud scares you, but it was the lights that were terrifying.  First off let me say that not only have my friends and I lived in this town for our whole lives, 2 of us, including me grew up looking at the very mountain range we saw this happen on.  This WAS NOT normal activity.  There are some oil lease roads, and the California Condor Sanctuary is right on the other side of the mountain.  These lights were hovering together almost like a boat tucked away in a cove.  These mountains have basically sheer cliff faces, and just unimaginable terrain.  I mention this because these lights were perfectly even with one another across a great span of the mountain, with incredibly bright white light that would app! ear much more to the left of the lights that caught our attention. I was the first to notice them, we had just BBQ’d some burgers, and brought my friends little fire pit into the back of his yard. The reason we did was because this is a rural area right outside the town and there is far less light pollution so the stars would be brighter. My two other friends were talking, and I was away from the fire and looking up and what caught my eye first, and was my proving point in  getting people to look at what I was saying, was the brightest blue LED type of light I have ever seen. Then there were two white lights that flashed, and then a red one on the left. These are the lights that we continued to see. But it was a vast array of flashes, and faint lights, all perfectly even across the cliff faces. It was so amazing, I had to go get my girlfriend out of bed at around midnight to come and watch. We live about a mile from where we first saw it, and on the drive down I saw the lights the entire time. This is what scared us: the lights were in a flat line 98% of the time flashing and glowing the most incredible white lights you could ever see. I’m familiar with off road lights that are at between 250,000 and 1,000,000 candle power, and these were so bright at that range it would be like staring into a welder’s arc flame at 10 feet. These lights when you shut your eyes you could still see them. But then lights behind lit up and you could perfectly see a huge disc shape. There were two rings of light, a smaller ring on the top that was a perfect disc shape, and the large ring of lights was a perfect disc shape as well. We could never see the shape until it lit up in all directions, and it floated up, spun itself around about half a rotation, moved back a little then went back down. All of us were scared to our core. We all screamed and were VERY scared. The lights continued on for another 2 hours after  that, but it never lit up again like it did when we COULD CLEARLY SEE ! A LIT UP DISC SHAPE IN THE SKY THAT MOVED.	 There were 6 adults and one 8 year old kid that saw what we were seeing, where we saw it. Everyone there would talk to anyone you’d like to send out. I called 911 and the police told me that it was a Sheriff problem I called the Sheriff and was told it was a local police problem. Dogs throughout the valley were barking, people were outside smoking cigarettes watching this, kids were walking down the street in packs and asking me if I saw it too. If you start knocking on some doors here, I think you would find that maybe 50 or 100 people, probably more, saw what we saw. My dogs were in the front in my truck, and I would go check on them because they were very nervous, by the way they are good sized Pit Bulls that are afraid of nothing, and they were scared. I believe all the animals were. There is a good amount of livestock running around up on the mountains and on all the surrounding ranches, but oddly enough I didn’t hear a horse whinny or a cow moo, not once. Two Ventura ! County Sheriff’s cars flew by me a very high rate of speed, and flashed a side light at me, I had a big 4 cell LED Mag Light, and I flashed at them, but they just kept going.  It was very surreal, and at times terrifying. Please come and investigate this. Contact me anytime day or night.;34.3555999999999;-119.070100000001
