Huge dark object high in the clouds hovering over me.;2015-07-16 00:00:00;6 minutes;Huge dark object high in the clouds hovering over me. I was in my car at work waiting for my relief to arrive so that I could leave.  My shift is over at midnight.  The sky was completley covered in clouds, but I noticed a small spiral of clouds to left.  Nothing major, it was more of a swirl than spiral.   I thought, maybe HAARP?  I took my camera out, put it on the night setting, got out of my car and took two pictures.  I checked the preview to make sure the camera captured it because it was so dark and there's barely any lights in the area.   I started looking around the sky and was shocked to see a huge dark object in the clouds, high above my car.  The spiral was to the left of my car and the shape was pointing in that direction and directly above me.  I kept thinking maybe it's just a break in the clouds and all I'm seeing is the night sky.  But the fact that it had visible straight lines and what appeared to be, a sharp point, made me want to take several more pictures.  It was not moving at all.  There was absolutely no sound or lights.   I don't know how low the clouds were but the object seemed huge.  I don't know anything about cloud altitude, so it's hard to make an accurate guess of how high or big it was.   I want to say the width appeared to be as wide as maybe 5 passenger jets side by side.   I observed it for about 6 minutes until it seemed to slowly disappear and clouds filled in the area.  Something was there, that I know. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides multiple photos, which indicate a swirl in the clouds, and appears to be a subdued dark area in the cloud cover.  We do not know what the object is.  PD));40.2104;-74.8278
Red Lights triangle shape flying over Morrisville, PA;2016-02-13 18:22:00;5-10 minutes;Red Lights triangle shape flying over Morrisville PA I was driving south west (leaving Route 1 South business).  I saw something really shiny in the sky.  At first I saw 3 white lights all close to each other and I love using my telescope so I am pretty aware of the sky and what stars look like.  I said to myself this had to be a pretty awesome star or just a new antenna in the neighborhood.   Then, when I finally parked at my house, I saw a triangle shape aircraft like moving very very low (no sound and it wasn't a helicopter).   I immediately went upstairs and called my husband he saw the blinking lights that stood a one place on top of a tree for about 4 to 5 minutes then it disappeared.;40.2104;-74.8278
