Two brightly reflective objects skimming only feet above the water and moving at a steady speed.;2004-01-15 11:00:00;2 minutes;Two brightly reflective objects skimming only feet above the water and moving at a steady speed. It was a clear sunny day at around 11:00 AM. I was riding my bike to Lanikai from Kailua beach, and at the top of a small hill that overlooks the ocean, near Flat Island, I saw two lights that were horizontaly a short distance from eachother. they sped along to the right, away from Flat Island. They appeared to be farther away than the island, but I cant tell for sure because I never saw them go behind the island. They were barely above the water, and they frequently disappeared behind the swells, then reappeared a few seconds later. They only moved in one steady direction, and appeared to be going quite fast, if I had to estimate I would say around 60-70 mhp, although it was impossible to tell for sure because the distance from me was impossible to tell. They looked a lot like the type of like reflected by shiny metal. It was not putting out its own light, rather reflecting the sunlight. I couldnt tell the shape of the crafts because they were entirely covered by the bright reflection. If I was to estimate a size or shape, I would say not more than 3 feet across, apparantly as a sphere. As they traveled, the distance between the two lights appeared to remain EXACTLY the same, they didnt spread out or come closer together. I am sure it wasn't a boat, becuase there was nothing under the lights when the came clearly into view above the choppy waves. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));21.4082;-157.7396
Two lights moving upward together, blinking then disappearing.;2016-03-05 21:00:00;15 seconds;Two lights moving upward together, blinking then disappearing. Weather was a mix of bright clear skies and intermittent clouds.  Sitting out with family, I had been looking at the stars.  There was a blinking light very high up that caught my eye.  I thought it was an airplane, but watched for a moment to see that it was two separate lights side by side.  They did not travel North, South East or West, only up. One light would blink, the other would blink, then they both moved upward –what appeared to be a short distance - to another position.  It seemed that one of them began its move slightly before the other.  They stopped, went through the same routine, one blinked, the other blinked then both moved farther away up into the sky.  This happened one more time, one blinked the other blinked then moved upward.  At this moment, they both seemed to blink off as they moved up farther into the sky and I could no longer see them. When I saw them blink the first time, I motioned to my sister to look.  She caught a quick glimpse of the last movement they made upward, then out of sight. These objects were very high up, presumably out of the atmosphere.  From where I was standing on Maluniu Av, I was looking almost straight up, slightly toward Kalaheo High School area.;21.4082;-157.7396
Bright light morphed into 2 lights, morphed back into 1, moved, then disappeared. ((anonymous report));2017-02-02 19:00:00;60 minutes;Bright light morphed into 2 lights, morphed back into 1, moved, then disappeared. Sitting in a parking lot looking at the stars.  We noticed a light incredibly brighter than any other star.  After about 3-4 minutes it broke off into two separate lights, one on top of the other.  We then noticed a red light floating above the two other bright lights.  After about 10 min the red light disappeared.  After about 5 min the two bright lights morphed back into one.  As we were about to leave the light moved quickly to the side and stayed there.  After about 10 more minutes, the light disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));21.4082;-157.7396
