2 light emitting objects splitting from each other and having sporadic movements in north dartmouth;2011-03-03 19:15:00;7 mins;2 light emitting objects splitting from each other and having sporadic movements in north dartmouth Around 7:15 p.m in the evening on Thursday March 3rd 2011 while i was walking back home i saw at an altitude of slightly lower than what aircrafts fly, two light sources splitting apart from each other one a little bigger and one comparitively smaller than the other. These two objects were moving parallel to each other with some considerable distance between them(I had to turn my head 90 degrees to see each object). The bigger light source had a constant motion throughout with a slow pace.The other smaller light object had a sporadic movement (i initially thought i was looking at a bird which emits light on its tail). But it was not, as this was at a higher altitude than what birds generally fly and this object was definitely bigger than a bird and had a light emitting with a luminosity which definitely cannot be a light emitting bird or any other man made remote controlled flying object. This smaller light object's trajectory(towards orion) was flying just over my head when i observed the movement was wobbly (left - right -left - right). I tried capturing some video of it but couldn't as my phone camera was not good enough :( . After it passed over my head(of course at the altitude i specified before) it started moving slightly faster(no aircraft/chopper can move at this pace)before it sped off(a touch lesser than jet speed without sound!!) at a faster pace. Initially when this light object split from the other bigger object before, it moved so quickly away that i couldnt possibly miss it and is the reason why i started getting curious in the first place. Now i saw the other large object from which the bigger light had initially split from was moving at the same exact slow speed in a rectilinear trajectory as it was before ( Again i would like to clarify that this was not a aircraft/chopper as i have never seen an aircraft or a chopper move so slowly). This object had 4 lights on it. But its trajectory was nothing interesting.  I spanned my neck just to make sure that these were not the only ones flying in the eastern sky. But to my surprise i saw 3 more objects in the north-eastern sky much further away from the bigger object with the same or higher altitude but i couldnt see these objects clearly as these were pretty far off from where i was and i am not sure whether they were aircrafts or otherwise.  I am clearly stunned with this event that i witnessed.;41.6312;-70.9957
