10 to 20 second fly by in south western sky in Union Kentucky mysterious no noise, super fast, near CVG.;2002-07-30 20:40:00;10-20 seconds;10 to 20 second fly by in south western sky in Union Kentucky mysterious no noise, super fast, near CVG. Looking out my kitchen window as the sun was setting I see a majority of airplanes approaching CVG to land, and even see planes pass by way up in the sky. My family are a bunch of pilots and I have been taught by them how to identify aircraft in the sky. Around 8:40pm looking out I noticed a group of birds flying just above the horzion and above a tall tree, so I can imagine the birds were about 80 to 200 feet above.  As soon as I watched the birds fluttering up and down heading from left to right across my window I noticed another object about the same size as the birds from my distance, but it didn't flutter.  It went really fast, faster than any bird and it kept very straight and steady.  And it seemed to be just above the birds, but as quick as it was I really couln't tell the distance from the object to the ground.  I would say it lasted between 10 seconds to 20 seconds that I saw it.  By that time the object has disappeared out of my sight and the birds were still just making it barely to the half way point of my vision from my window.  The object passed the whole window, so I can use that as a measuring tool.  The speed astounded me, because it was unreal.  When airplanes approach or fly over, you hear them from inside my house.  There was no noise from the craft. No sonic boom, nothing!  Note airplanes you can make out a shape because they are not that fast to the point that you can't tell its an airplane.  Everyone knows this.  Of course it could be the airforce, but then there would of been some sonic boom or some noise.  I wonder if anyone else noticed this object.  Lastly, there were planes in the sky above, and they definitly could not compare to the unidentified object that I saw, meaning there was clearly something unusual about what i saw compared to a cesna, 747, 737, 777, or any other commericial and non commerical aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witness implies a date of July 30th, 2002.  We have amended the date here.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION FROM WITNESS)) it was July 30, 2002, in the evening!;38.9411;-84.7185
