Bright light in the sky over Shaver Lake CA;2012-04-22 07:30:00;5-7 seconds;Bright light in the sky over Shaver Lake CA I was out fishing with my family at Shaver Lake CA for the first time this year.  We arrived at the lake around 6am.   At approximately between 7am-7:30am I happened to look up at the sky towards North West of the way I was facing and saw up in the sky something that resembled a falling star.  It was coned shaped at the front and the color of the front was a bright white (like a bright light bulb). But the shape of the object behind the tip/front was what puzzled me.  The best I can describe it is sort of like the width of how planes leave a trail of clouds from the wings but the color which would normally be white was instead bright and resembled the color of a arc welding torch(super bright shiny blue). The object didn't leave a trail like how the trail of a normal plane is even visible after the aircraft has moved on, instead with the unknown object the trail so called seemed to follow right along each side of the bright white cone shaped center/tip leaving no! residual traces after it moved out of view.  I only observed the object for approximately 5-7 seconds before it fell out of view behind forrest trees in the distant.  If I had to estimate the distance the object appeared to be from where I stood maybe 1-3miles I can't be exact. I was sort of stunned/shocked when I looked up and saw the thing in the air and I was actually expecting to hear a loud boom or sound from the impact of the object which was descended at slight angle not straight down, but I didn't hear a thing.  Being stunned and caught in the moment I wasn't even able to sum up the wits to shout to my family members who were fishing down a couple of yards from where I was standing.  There was a good amount of people fishing North West of where I saw the object which would position the unknown object behind the other fishermen.  After the incident was over I looked around to see if any body else was pointing at the direction of the object but from the way it looked they! were all focused on fishing while I happened to gaze off at j! ust the right time. I told my family members of what I had witnessed but none of them saw it!! Just my luck!!;37.1397;-119.273
