Shape changing light formations, and two hovering vessels, eye level, at very close range;2008-06-05 22:15:00;15 mins;Shape changing light formations, and two hovering vessels, eye level, at very close range June 5th, 2008, around 10:15 p.m. EST,  My 13 year old son and I,  were driving south on, very rural, Hwy 305 about 2 miles into Burke County when an orange light appeared to the west of us, I noticed it immediately, but didn’t think that much about it until a second light appeared, and then the third.  The lights formed what I consider an isosceles triangle.  They disappeared in opposite order in which they appeared, within about 3 seconds.  This was neat, odd, but conclusive for me.  We traveled another 4 or 5 miles and again, 8-10 more orange lights appeared randomly spaced to the right side of the highway, this time appearing closer to the tree line.  After about 4 seconds they disappear.  By this time, we are consumed with speculation as to what could be making these lights.  We traveled less than 2 miles further, and again 8-10 orange lights appeared randomly spaced, and within less than a second they literally moved into a formation of two parallel, perpendicular rows.  I was driving, and could not witness as much as my son, who said it/they, moved into a triangular formation and disappeared again in about 4 seconds.  This is when it became apparent to me, this was real.  We are nervous and anxious to get home, since we are alone in the middle of nowhere.  We traveled another 3-4 miles, when the lights appeared again, but this time below the tree line, literally hovering about 20-30 feet above an open field.  This thing is less than 50 yards away from my car, and we can now see it. The very bright orange lights encompass the perimeter of the vessel that is hovering at an angle and slowly rotating counter-clockwise, illuminating the undercarriage which was a dark gray metallic.  My son witnessed a second vessel hovering above the one described, but said that one did not have lights. We did not stop or even slow down, but we continued to see it until we had driven out of viewing range. This last sighting lasted for about 12 seconds.  I did not report this to local authorizes.;33.1713;-82.1882
