MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  It was unmistakably a triangle.  CLEARLY TRIANGULAR.;2004-05-15 00:30:00;3 minutes;My friend and I were at a graduation party at a friend's house in Valley Center (Just a little North East of Wichita) we were out by the cars talking about random stuff.  (THERE WAS NO DRINKING AT THE PARTY... EVERYONE WAS SOBER) There was a light wind, but not too strong.  We were sitting on the hood of my car Nick's girlfriend just went inside.  We weren’t looking up but we noticed something.  We got really quiet.  There was literally no sound what-so-ever.  The dogs, horses, and all other stuff were utterly quiet.  What we saw were three lights.  (JUST LIKE THE ONE ON THE IMAGE YOU HAVE FLYING OVER THE OUTLINE OF MISSOURI)  It came in from the north and made no sound at all.  It flew directly south... STRAIGHT SOUTH!!!  It moved extremely slowly.  It made a hard right turn and it was at this time that it broke the speed it had moved at the whole time.  It moved faster, but not real fast.  We watched it go toward the horizon until we couldn’t tell the dif! ference between it and the stars.  When it passed overhead, it was low enough that the lights from the garage seemed to reflect off of it.  Literally, it seemed to be only a few hundred feet off the ground.  I have to say, it made NO SOUND AT ALL.  Until it turned, it never broke speed.  In turning, it didn't actually turn.  but just changed directions.  It was unmistakably a triangle.  CLEARLY TRIANGULAR.  See, in Wichita there is an Air Force Base (McConnell AFB) talked about it for a while.  We both thought when it flew overhead that it was a B2 Bomber, but IT MADE NO SOUND and when it turned, we knew it wasn't a bomber.  We know what we saw.  I haven't talked to myfriend in a year, but I’m sure I could get a hold of him.  If you want any more information, I’d be glad to give it to you.  I told my parents and some friends about it, but it wasn't until I saw your logo that I thought someone would believe me.  NOTE: Follow up yielded no additional info except that it was as big as a 747. additional witness could not be locted. The logo he is talking about is the logo on the MIG - Missouri Investigators Group website. http://ufomig.bravehost.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));37.8569;-97.2598
Triangular UFO observed at low altitude and chased for several miles.;2015-08-15 23:00:00;20 minutes;Triangular UFO observed at low altitude and chased for several miles. After observing many lighted phenomenon in the area for over half a year, I witnessed a triangular shaped craft at very close distance.  I was looking to the North over a field at my friend's property at 101st. St. N and Rock Rd. outside of Valley Center, Kansas, when I observed a very bright light at low altitude that appeared to be very close.   After several minutes of observation, I decided to pursue the stationary star-like object.  I headed N on Rock Road from 101st. st N and estimated the object to be around the intersection of 125th st. and N. Rock road, slightly to the East.  As I headed North  the light dimmed and faded away.  As I approached the intersection of 125th. st and Rock road I slowed down, looked to the East, briefly drove E on 125th street looking for the object and listening for any strange sounds.  Nothing was seen or heard so after a few minutes I started driving home.   As I approached 101st street headed S. on Rock Road  the object reappeared so brightly that I had to squint due to the reflection in my rearview mirror.  I immediately pulled a hand bake 180 and headed straight N. back to exactly where I was searching a few minutes before.   The object stayed lit up although the high beams turned off as I approached.  There on the North East corner of 125th and Rock rd. about 100 yards out and 1000 ft. or so up was a levitating triangular craft.  As I stood with my car running, one foot out the door, the other inside the car still I stood with the engine running not sure if I should be fleeing or running up in curiosity to get a closer look.   The craft was very silent, although it made a slight jet-like noise.  It was a very low altitude but it sounded like a jet at high altitude very faintly passing by in the distance. It had three points of thrust, one on each point of the triangle.  It had white lights on the leading front edges, red and green lights on the tips of the wings.  The craft was so silent that the! person who's field it was hovering over had no clue as he was! working in his garage even closer to the craft than I was and didn't even notice.   I was on the fence pole about alerting him but I was not sure how much a person in the country would like a stranger walking up in the dark pointing out strange objects hovering over his property!  After observing it levitating at low altitude for two to three minutes it tipped its nose down gently and started lumbering S. as this was the direction the front was pointed.  I started pursuing the craft at around 60mph, it was moving slightly faster that I was at around 65 mph.  As we headed S. on Rock Rd. from 125th N it crossed directly over the street twice, once on a mostly S. course and slightly to the W, an again closer to 101st. st headed S and slightly E.  It was due to these crossings that I could get a good sense of how big the craft was, it was definitely wider than the road I was on.  I estimate it was at least the width of a 4 lane highway.  As I approached 101st. st. N on a southbound! course the craft veered to the SE.  I pursued the craft as fast as I safely could as I was on washboarded out old country roads and trying to pay attention to two things at once. Like I said I was able to go about 60, the craft was moving slightly faster.  As we crossed 101st. n headed S. on Rock Rd. and it headed to the SE, I saw another ball of light on a NW course approaching.  This was coming from the SE on abut a straight NW heading.  As the two crafts became closer I realized they were traveling on the same approximate low altitude.   Finally when they were very near each other they both simultaneously flashed the high beams for a split second and continued on their headings.  It was about this time that I stopped pursuing the crafts as they were moving too fast to keep up with.  This event occurred after observing the lighted phenomenon for several months in the area starting in Nov of 2014.  Many locals in Valley Center have been calling it drone testing.  Upon further investigation into this theory it was revealed that the only drones that fly in Kansas fly out of Manhattan at Fort Riley, they are small drones, they don't levitate, they are the predator drones.  Wichita is the aircraft capital of the world.  It would seem if this is some sort of clandestine government craft the last place they would want to test it is in an area with a population extremely knowledgable in aircraft.  The craft I observed completely disappeared, lights, noise, gone and then reappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.8569;-97.2598
