Observed 3 or 4 fast-moving, silver-copper-colored oblong objects for up to ten seconds as they whizzed by my house.;2001-03-10 19:00:00;5-10 seconds;Observed 3 or 4 fast-moving, silver-copper-colored oblong objects for up to ten seconds as they whizzed by my house. I am a married man with one eleven-year-old child. I have a M.A. degree in history. I am currently employed as a manager of a hedge fund. I am also a writer of short stories and novels. My wife is a former filmmaker and an animal rights advocate. It was a clear evening at approximately 7:00. I was sitting on my back porch with my wife. We were talking, and I looked to the west. I noticed what appeared to be three or four seagulls flying in close formation towards us. The ocean is very close, and it is not unusual to observe sesagulls flying in the area. I have seen them many times in the past. However, this time I instinctively stood up to see better because they were flying at a very rapid speed. I remember remarking to my wife that they were flying much faster than seagulls were capable of flying. The objects flew within approximately a fifty feet of my house. I remember thinking that there must have been a very powerful sea breeze above us because the objects were so fast. I noticed that the objects were oblong with short wings (I am not sure about the wings) that did not move. As the objects whizzed past me, I was amazed by how rigid and metallic they looked. My wife still believes the objects were seagulls. She, however, did not notice them as soon as I did, and she did not stand up to really look until they had almost passed by. The entire time frame of the sighting from first seeing what I thought were birds to their flight past our house was maybe five-to-ten seconds. That's what I found so amazing because I first saw them a couple of blocks away coming from the direction of the ocean. Birds just do not move that fast, and they were so low in the sky, i.e., maybe fifty-to-hundred feet over roof tops, that I could clearly see them. The three or four objects, which were flying in a perfect, tight formation, were small but bigger than seagulls. I will never forget thinking how unusual it was for those birds to be moving so rapidly in such a tight formation without flapping their wings, and how awe! struck I was when they passed in front of me. They were metallic and looked like some kind of gliders that were on a mission. I remember thinking (my first thought when I noticed their metallic nature) that they were probably extraterrestrial reconnaissance flights surveying the city. I have always been a believer in the existence of alien life, and I have always wanted to see some evidence of it. Since it happened, I have had second thoughts about what it really was. However, it is something that I cannot dismiss because the experience stays with me, and the objects were metallic. I did run to the front of the house to see more after they passed by, but they had disappeared. I thought this unusual too because of the speed by which they disappeared. My eleven-year-old son, who was inside the house, heard me remark about them, and he ran to the front of the house before I did. He saw them for an instant, and he agrees that the objects were not birds, but rather some kind of solid objects that disappeared in a flash. Also, they made absolutely no noise, and I found that to be unusual considering the rate of speed at which the objects traveled. They passed within several feet of the front of my house. I certainly would have heard a noise if they made one. I must say that UFO experiences are very mystifying simply because they catch one offguard and happen so quickly. You do not have time to collect your thoughts.  Then, you experience self-doubt because what you've seen violates the known laws of physics, traveling a distance of a half mile to one mile in seconds without any noise or observable means of propulsion. They looked to be gliding in a smooth pattern but at a very rapid speed. I cannot imagine how the objects I saw were man-made. They moved too fast, without any noise, without any engine glow, and without any exhaust. The three or four objects looked like highly polished silver/copper-colored oblong objects. They flew in perfect unison and moved very rapidly. I will never forget how amazed I was with the ! rich-loo king metallic appearance of the objects. It was a beautiful metallic color that I had not seen before. The objects looked very well-designed with an appearance of substance and strength. I am just now reporting this incident because it is something that I cannot forget. I often times think about how strange the metallic objects were, and I believe it is worthwhile reporting something that I consider to be other-worldly, especially after thinking about it for so long. ((initials deleted));33.9955;-118.4644
