Orange fireball seen falling in L.A. 03-99 with sparkler like streamers behind, streaking quickly for three seconds.;1999-03-11 19:30:00;three seconds +;Orange fireball seen falling in L.A. 03-99 with sparkler like streamers behind, streaking quickly for three seconds. On this calm, clear evening, it was dark, but there were (yellow - sodium) streetlights present. I happend to look up into the sky as my eye caught some motion. I saw, looking northwest (more North than West), about 45-50 degrees up into the horizon, a moving object going from North to West in a steep, downward, diagonal trajectory. It was an ORANGE  fireball, which went by very quickly. After but three seconds or so of viewing, it then disappeared (and not behind any object, nor did it appear to even come close to the ground. The size was about a dime at arms length, maybe slightly smaller. The object appeared sperical at it's head, with sparkler like, multiple  tails streaming behind.I tell people it reminded me of the Los Angeles Laker's jersey logo (an earlier version - last few  years), which featured a basketball whizzing (at a different angle) with streamer lines following it much like a cartoon would depict motion with speed. The orange ball that I saw was very pure in color, and I did not notice any hot (white spots), or any other colors, nor did it seem to have any gaseous or particulate streams associated with it. I didn't call anyone, or any organization as I thought in my mind I had seen a meteor, and, it's no big deal.... but what got me - thinking about it afterwards - was that it's spakler tails appeared to be even in shape, and intensity. There was no sound.No aircraft apparent, to recollection. It wasn't fireworks, I am sure, nor was it a plane. Could it have been the reentry of a space object (junk) into the atmosphere? I don't know. I tell you this in full confidence and honesty, with the exception of the date (it could be a range of a week or so). I am a writer, and film editor. I was 45 years years old at the time. I am a college grad, and I also have an avid interest in the UFO phenomena, however, I would be loathe to fabricate anything for the sake of attention or novelty. Above all, I am beholden to facts, to reality. That is my report, as I am the sole viewer (to my knowledge) of this event. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));33.9955;-118.4644
Walking out the door going to my car get ready for work. I look up at the sky and see this Orange Fireball. First O.M.G. Aircraft is on;2013-05-03 02:30:00;12 seconds;Walking out the door going to my car get ready for work.  I look up at the sky and see this Orange Fireball.   First O.M.G. Aircraft is on Fire.  As I look for the Navigation light,  No light?  Orange Fireball was moving from SouthEast to SouthWest and Disappeared over the Pacific ocean;33.9955;-118.4644
