In a moving car we saw this 300yd wide rectangle climbing straight up in the sky.;2006-06-30 01:00:00;1 minute;In a moving car we saw this 300 yd wide rectangle climbing straight up in the sky. It was a weekend and we were in High School.  There were four of us, Abe, Javier, Spencer, Pat and Jason (myself).  It must have been back in 1996 when this occurred.  I remember because I had a summer job working at a ranch with my step father. We were driving back from Alice, TX which is a town ten miles from San Diego, TX.  We would go there to look for girls and like the rest of times we came up short that night.  Well, we were about 3 miles from San Diego when a big white bird flew across the rode.  It flew from right to left, then up.  This is what caused us to look in that direction.  Abe was driving his small Ford Escort, (he was the first to see it) I was seating in the passenger seat.  Pat was right behind me.  Then next to him was Javier then Spencer.  Unfortunately Pat wasn’t able to see this thing from where he was sitting and now we always giving him crap about not seeing it.  So, Abe shouts, What the hell is that!  I look to see and there it was. High up in the air was this Green Rectangle.  Looking at a full moon it would be twice the size.  The shape and color was awe looking.  I hear people say it’s like being in a movie but it’s not like that at all.  It’s real it’s out of this world.  I’m feeling funny just writing and thinking of the magnitude of what we were all a witness to.  It’s scary.  The color of it was green for sure, but the clarity of it was what gets to me.  It was like a green you’ve never seen before. The green was almost smoke like but solid at the same time. The smoke may have been the light reflecting off the clouds. The interior of it was black or we couldn’t see it. The size of it!!! I believe with all of my heart, that as far as it was and how big… it must have been 3 football fields wide.  That’s the one thing I’m mostly sure of out of this whole thing.  It was moving up slowly, straight up, and then it was gone.  The interior of the car which was silent is now loud with gibberish and yelling with, What was it! and What do we do? it was chaotic for bit but we gathered ourselves and went our separate ways that night.  We all went to our homes.  We always talk about that night.  Thank you for reading. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));27.7687;-98.2483
