Large disk with white strobe lights around its parameter;1976-12-22 22:00:00;45 minutes;Large disk with white strobe lights around its parameter On the evening of December 22, 1976, I was at home alone waiting for my parents to return from Logan airport in Boston, MA.  I was 12 years old and remember enjoying some alone time to listen to music and crank up the volume.  it was close to Christmas and I was out of school for the Christmas break.  It was about 10:00PM when my parents arrived home.  My dad, who had been away in Florida for a week or so, ran up the stairs and looked down the hall to me and said Want to see a UFO?  I was not really sure what he was talking about but he seemed pretty exited so I jumped up and followed him outside to our back deck.  We lived on a pretty high hill and had a great view to the south and east.  We watched as a very brightly lit object moved slowly across the horizon from east to west.  It was going right towards the City of Worcester.  When it arrived over the City it began to move in a pendulum type motion over the City.  Its motion was deliberate wi! th a machine-like perfection.  It did this for quite a while, maybe twenty minutes or so.  Then it straightened out and slowly moved back in the direction it came from. But that's not the whole story.  Because my parents had seen the object at a much closer distance.  While they were driving home on the Mass Pike, they saw the object.  it was next the highway and then crossed over the highway right over them.  My mom described the object as very large, round, with two rows of windows and a red light underneath it.  She also said there was an area were the windows were blacked out, like a door.  And this area was slowly rotating.  Like the craft was slowly rotating as it moved forward.  There was no sound.  She said people were pulling over and stopping on the highway to look at it.  The next day, and for a couple of days after the event, the local newspaper ran a couple of stories.  This is when things got strange. The newspaper, and the FAA, were trying to explain the event as a lighted advertisement for a dog track in Connecticut being towed by an airplane.  People were not happy about this and the newspaper received several complaints, one from my dad.  He said if it was an advertisement it was the worst one he had ever seen because he was underneath it and couldn't read it.  And, according to other witnesses, nobody else could either.  In fact, several of the witnesses specifically reported It was not an airplane.  People also used words like traumatic, terrified, and “we shook to describe their feelings.  Not what you would expect from paid advertising for something as benign as a race track.  The dog track also said they were not aware of any advertisement that night.  The question begs, why would anyone advertise something late at night, in December, outdoors – in the cold of central Massachusetts.  This whole idea is ridiculous. There are two sketches of this object.  One in the newspaper and one from my mom.  They look remarkably similar and show no airplane or advertising of any kind.  This event was witnessed by untold hundreds, if not thousands, of people in central Massachusetts.;42.300387409598;-71.8011229125535
We observed a 60-80 ft diameter metalic craft (disk shaped- flat on top)move by us at 70 ft high & 100 yards of dista-nce.;1977-12-28 20:00:00;15 sec;Summary : We observed a 60-80 ft diameter metalic craft (disk shaped- flat on top) move by us at 70 ft high & 100 yards of dista-nce. The craft made no sound and was moving at approx 10 mph. The outside surface had a metalic appearence. Much like stainless steel. The underneath had many interweaved objects. They looked like pipes or metal counduits. The craft was moving over a parking lot that was illuminated by bright lights. The light intensity was magnified by the snow that was on the ground. The craft continued to move away at tree top level and move out of our line of sight. I have never seen a UFO since this incident in 1977. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));42.300387409598;-71.8011229125535
Wobbling orange disc, vanished as if responding directly to me pointing at it, very strange. 2 witnesses, including myself.;2017-11-15 21:00:00;20 seconds;Wobbling orange disc, vanished as if responding directly to me pointing at it, very strange. 2 witnesses, including myself. I was smoking a cigarette on my fourth-story apartment balcony, and I looked up and out over Coab Reservoir.  As I looked upwards toward the sky, I noticed a wobbling disk was roughly 500 yards away. I had an eerie feeling that it was observing me.  I called my girlfriend over from the kitchen/living room next to me. I pointed to the saucer, and she saw it too for about 3 seconds, and it disappeared before both of our eyes.  We are both certain that there was not even a silhouette against the night sky, the lights weren’t shut off, it simply disappeared completely.  It seemed to begin cloaking immediately as I pointed to it, as if responding to the confirmation of my awareness.  To describe it, it was a defined saucer shape which wobbled quite a lot, almost as if teetering on a small center of gravity.   It had maybe seven visible yet dim orange lights around the outermost lip, and they were evenly spaced.  It has been about a year since this happened, and I felt th! at the undeniable and strange encounter was worth reporting, later rather than never. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.300387409598;-71.8011229125535
Tube of manipulated light and gravity and disc shaped craft sighting;2020-08-13 22:30:00;30-45 minutes;Tube of manipulated light and gravity and disc shaped craft sighting UFO Sighting: Thursday August 13, 2020 Sighting occurred between 10pm and 12am in Worcester, MA, 01605   	In order to be as transparent as possible, I will admit that I had, over the week leading up to this event, engaged in experimenting with the psychedelic drug “DMT”. Unfortunately, due to this awareness of my altered states of consciousness, a lot of people with whom I’ve talked with seem to dismiss my experiences as “drug psychosis”, however I believe if anyone were to interview me, my testament is so honest that unless what I experienced was in fact a drug psychosis, I can only attribute my experience to some sentient being making contact with me while I was in a psychologically “open” state of consciousness. 	On Thursday evening I was sitting in my bedroom watching episodes of a television show called “King of the Hill” with my partner.  I remember the specific episode was regarding Tarot cards and magical themes, which is relevant to some other “supernatural” phenomena that I’ve been experiencing.  During a particular scene where the characters were invoking a “magical ritual”, I felt the air around me shift, and I knew that what I was experiencing was only for me and not my partner (he did not experience the phenomena, but can attest to my urgent and focused behavior).  When I say the “air shifted”, what I really mean is that I believe, through the television’s waves, gravity was being manipulated, and I was being called upon by something that made me feel overwhelmingly compelled to follow it. 	From the television, I can plainly see a tube-like faint glimmer providing the “map” in which I was following.  It looked slightly pale yellow and translucent.  I ran out of the house with no shoes, cellphone, keys, ID, or anything but the clothes on my body. I left the doors agape and left in such a frenzy that my partner tried to chase me, but ultimately didn’t follow me beyond the end of our street.  In that moment, I was so compelled to instinctively follow this feeling in my stomach that knew there was something to behold on the other end.  As I’m speed-walking through the neighborhood into the woods nearby, I hear lots of dogs barking in a fright for a few moments, only to all suddenly go silent, which I thought was unusual. As I’m following the “tube” I was in a trance like state.  I thought it was divine, to be honest, until I felt the gravity tube go from pulling me forward to pulling upwards.  I looked up to see a LARGE craft that made a very faint noise which sounds similar to when an airplane is heating up the engines before takeoff.  It appeared to be traveling at a fast, but not overwhelmingly so cruising speed.  The craft was a circular, flat disc which I could only see from the bottom from my vantage point, but it had (I believe) either nothing on it whatsoever, or faint lights surrounding the outer perimeter of the craft though I believe it was the latter, I cannot be certain.  The craft also moved through the air as if it was frictionless, which is physically impossible (to my knowledge) unless it is able to operate in either a state of superposition, or if it could manipulate gravity itself. 	I tried to get the crafts attention by waving, but I did not make a sound. I was speechless, but to be quite honest, not surprised. Unfortunately, the craft flew past me and I was left following the direction the tube shifted to, but it grew faint when I got to a parking lot which was empty except for two vehicles.  The tube led me directly to one specific vehicle I approached a man whose face was illuminated by a light and attempted to inquire if he was experiencing anything strange, however I quickly saw that the man was masturbating to something on his cellphone, so I walked away startled, but did indeed call out to him from afar asking him if something weird was going on.  Obviously, the man said yes, but If it were not for the tube that led me directly to approach him, specifically his cellphone, I would have felt less convinced that this is something that uses satellite technology or cell phones to communicate. I believe these beings may be using technology to manipula! te gravity remotely.  Unfortunately, I was not able to follow on foot for much longer, as the tube of light led me to Worcester Technical School where I lost the trail. I walked all around the premises trying to get in to no avail. There is, without a doubt, video surveillance of me in the school’s possession which can hopefully provide a more accurate timestamp of when this occured, as it was only within 10-30 minutes after the sighting that I arrived at the school.;42.300387409598;-71.8011229125535
