This all started when I was going to wash my dishes since they were soaking in the sink. But, I looked outside and I seen this bright l;2005-11-10 18:15:00;10 to 15 minutes;This all started when I was going to wash my dishes since they were soaking in the sink. But, I looked outside and I seen this bright light in the sky.  I watched these objects stay in one spot for at least 5 minutes in the same spot of the sky.  So I ran to my 2nd bedroom window in my apartment and that’s when the planes started coming from the western night sky.  So I ran back to my kitchen window to see what was going to happen.  When the planes came up to the sky, that’s when things got really interesting.  When the planes came from the western sky, one of them went over the middle object since they were in the original spot from where I first saw them.  When the plane went over the middle object, I lost track of the plane since I was focused on what the light was.  I'm not even sure what happened to the other plane, but I'm sure both of them just took off.  But, when the planes came to where the objects were, the objects started traveling north towards my apartment.  I thought nothing of it since I thought it was a plane coming this way since there were two planes that came to the sky.  So I was going to wash my dishes but I noticed that when the first object was coming towards my apartments, I got a bit nervous. The first object had a bright yellow light in front of it and it looked like a plane coming since it had two red lights blinking on the sides of it.  But when that went past my building, I started to clean my dishes. However, when the second object came by I ran to my other window because this object just took over the night sky.  From my 2nd bedroom window, I noticed that it had a yellow light towards the front, followed by red lights that were in a pattern on the side of the object, then when I was beginning to lose sight of the object I ran to my other bedroom and I noticed that the second object was traveling upwards and I saw a bright yellow light on the bottom of this object.  I lost track of this object since it continued traveling northward.  I am not exactly sure how far apart these red lights were on the side of the object but since the object was very close to my apartment and it appeared to be over the residential area that was a little bit westward, I knew it was to low to be a plane.  Not to mention the fact that both of these objects made absolutely no sound.   But, back to the lights, there were only red lights on the side of the object and this was nothing that looked like a plane.  There was no wing shaped object on this craft, the lights were lined up in a straight line.  I believe there were about three or four red lights that were blinking in a pattern.;47.9259;-97.0267
two-yellowish lights in the southern sky followed by planes coming up to the vincinity;2005-11-11 18:00:00;18:15 to 19:00;two-yellowish lights in the southern sky followed by planes coming up to the vincinity This all started when I was going to wash my dishes since they were soaking in the sink.  But, I looked outside and I seen this bright light in the sky.  I watched these objects stay in one spot for at least 5 minutes in the same spot of the sky.  So I ran to my 2nd bedroom window in my apartment and that’s when the planes started coming from the western night sky. So I ran back to my kitchen window to see what was going to happen. When the planes came up to the sky, that’s when things got really interesting.  When the planes came from the western sky, one of them went over the middle object since they were in the original spot from where I first saw them. When the plane went over the middle object, I lost track of the plane since I was focused on what the light was. I'm not even sure what happened to the other plane, but I'm sure both of them just took off. But, when the planes came to where the objects were, the objects started traveling north towards my apartment. I thought nothing of it since I thought it was a plane coming this way since there were two planes that came to the sky. So I was going to wash my dishes but I noticed that when the first object was coming towards my apartments, I got a bit nervous.  The first object had a bright yellow light in front of it and it looked like a plane coming since it had two red lights blinking on the sides of it. But when that went past my building, I started to clean my dishes. However, when the second object came by I ran to my other window because this object just took over the night sky. From my 2nd bedroom window, I noticed that it had a yellow light towards the front, followed by red lights that were in a pattern on the side of the object, then when I was beginning to lose sight of the object I ran to my other bedroom and I noticed that the second object was traveling upwards and I saw a bright yellow light on the bottom of this object. I lost track of this object since it continued traveling northward.  I am not exactly sure how far apart these red lights were on the side of the object but since the object was very close to my apartment and it appeared to be over the residential area that was a little bit westward, I knew it was to low to be a plane. Not to mention the fact that both of these objects made absolutely no sound. But, back to the lights, there were only read lights on the side of the object and this was nothing that looked like a plane. There was no wing shaped object on this craft, the lights were lined up in a straight line. I believe there were about three or four red lights that were blinking in a pattern.  That’s pretty much what I can remember. I witnessed this from within city limits and I’m hoping others saw this as well. So if you’re in the area and saw something, please report it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.9259;-97.0267
