2 red lights with no sound;1991-01-01 19:00:00;5-10 minutes;2 red lights with no sound My mom and I were heading towards Farmington via the Whittier Rd.  2 red lights appears above tree line  about the size of a dime.  They proceeded to maneuver a slow barrel roll and split apart.    We stopped along side the road and watched I rolled down my window and absolutely no sound.   When the two objects split or appeared to I noticed the same red light with a Smaller white light inline in front of it.  We watched this for a couple minutes.   And got out of there.   I was only 12 at the time but remember this well.  Just not sure of what year and month except the memory of winter.;44.6604;-70.1364
Bright star-like object moves slowly across sky and hovers for a minute before disappearing and reappearing;2019-07-30 22:00:00;2 minutes;Bright star-like object moves slowly across sky and hovers for a minute before disappearing and reappearing Shortly after 10PM, my son and I witnessed what we believe to be a UFO.  I was putting my 8 year old to bed when we noticed lightning outside his window.  So we sat by the open window for a moment and admired the sky in the distance while listening to the thunder.   A minute or so went by when I noticed out of the corner of my eye, a bright star-like object moving across the sky.  There were no blinking lights so I jokingly told my son it was a UFO.  He looked over and the object stopped before our eyes and was hovering!!  It was almost like you could see it slightly moving, but it stayed in the same spot.  We gave each other this look like, are we really seeing what we think we are?!   He then looked back out the window and the light disappeared before his eyes.  I double checked to also see if it was gone, and it was but then it reappeared one more time for a few seconds then vanished again before our eyes.  Afterward, we both sat there stunned for a moment and tried p! iecing together what just happened.  The logical explanation is “weather balloon/satellite.”  But my gut is telling me something different.  Obviously, I’m not the only one to witness such occurrences, and this isn’t my first time questioning what I’ve seen. I just hope whatever it is, it’s peaceful and just curious!;44.6604;-70.1364
