I submitted the following to a French UMMO site isn1997.;1978-05-05 13:00:00;several minutes;I submitted the following to a French UMMO site isn1997.  For years I have been trying to track down a craft's symbol my 4 yr. old and I saw around 1978 in Pasadena, CA- a strange Flash Gordon type of ship with a very obvious H on its side (although slightly cursive)- the ship looked almost cartoonish and flatly 2_dimensional, seemingly suspended over the San Gabriels, heading West. Although there were several people in the area and apparently interested in what we were looking at, no one else saw it. We casually talked about 'our sighting' over the years as it was such a clear, vivid vision and it had been my son who was the first to notice it. We even drew pictures that same afternoon and, over the years, made a few sketches to maintain a fresh visual recall. Interestingly, his pictures always showed a very odd perspective, as though he was viewing it in extreme close-up whereas my view was more of a typical upper sky sighting as seen from standing on the ground. One night about 10 yrs. later, I heard him gasp as CNN aired a Moscow UFO story. Apparently a ship had landed near an apartment complex where many children were playing and many of them excitedly described seeing a UFO. One of the kids had even sketched a picture and as he proudly held it up to the camera, we saw that he had drawn a similar ship with the SAME ** H ** ! Then, about a year later, TNT was running a 50's UFO quasi-documentary (OVERLORDS of the SKIES) and I was stunned to see a crude representation of an analogous craft again demonstrating the H. The narrator mentioned that the ship was said to be from the planet UMMO (!!!). I made a halfhearted effort to track down the video but discovered it was actually a motion film of which no one seemed to have current knowledge. I keep meaning to contact Turner Broadcasting and request a repeat but haven't done so. I later learned of a book with UMMO in the title and had a local bookstore run a search but was told it was out of print. Anytime I have asked about the sighting, I have been told by a few wannabe Ufologists etal that it was actually a famous hoax yet allegedly seen by about 15,000 people across the US sometime in the 50's some say it was the 70's. Actually, I remain a bit of a skeptic (altho we sure saw something!), Have you any knowledge about this particular sighting or symbol? Even called Art Bell last year (1998)  to ask but rec'd a cursory Never heard of it... and got one of his infamous quick disconnects (smile). There's more to the whole story involving both my son and I and some eerie pre and post strange events but, for now, am simply curious as to what  you think of the actual symbol. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.1490464551495;-118.138839835487
