Small ovid object observed coming in from the San Gabriel mountains and hovering over Pasadena;2004-03-02 12:35:00;5 minutes;Small ovid object observed coming in from the San Gabriel mountains and hovering over Pasadena I work 1 block N. of Colorado Blvd. in Old Town, Pasadena, CA. On 03/02/2004, I was alone on the 8th floor (top floor) of a corner conference room of the building I work in. I was in the conference room approximately 1 1/2 hours as I was listening to a conference call.  The office has two very large windows which presented 180 degree view of the north and east. It had rained the day before, but on this day, there were some clouds @ roughly 2 - 4 thousand feet. There were also breaks in the clouds so some sun was available. The visibility was very good. I could see JPL (Jet Propulsion Labs) on the north side, and to the east 20 + miles, and to the south east I could see Catalina Island. A very clear day.  I noticed a few helicopters during the time I was on the conference call. We have a lot in the area, police mainly. I also observed a few birds (hawks and crows) flying nearby.  At approximately 12:35 I was seated looking out the window facing Mt. Wilson and slighly to the East of it. I noticed an object I took for a helicoptor come into my line of vision from the mountains. It was moving towards me. I kept thinking it would soon become larger and I would see the roters spinning above. It did not get larger. As I kept watching it, it moved up just under the clouds and began to slow. It was still to small to get a good description other than it appeared an ovid type shape. I could see no appendages. Twice it was caught by sunlight and the color changed to a reddish metalic color.  The object continued to move just underneath the clouds and stopped just south of the building I was in, directly above Colorado Blvd. It continued to remain stationary for a few minutes. At that time, the conference call ended and I moved to end the call. When I looked out the window again, the object could no longer be seen.  I also noticed before I lost sight of it, that during the time it hovered over downtown Pasadena, a small private plane flew under it by a few hundred feet.  At arms distance the object would be about 1/4 the size of the nail on my little finger.  I would be interested to know if this is some sort of weather collection object. I am not saying it's alien, but I don't know what it was. Due to the closeness of JPL and indeed, the Skunk Works (just the other side of the mountains) who knows. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Dear Peter, Yes certainly feel free to use my report. I would love to know if these egg shaped objects are omething that is not mysterious if we only knew they were around (i.e., the weather gathering devices). Obviously if they are related to military then we won't be told. I keep trying to look in the sky when I get the chance. I must start carrying a camera. I look forward to your next guest spot on Coast to Coast. Regards,  ((name deleted)) ((END));34.1490464551495;-118.138839835487
