my wife and my mom and myself saw 2 red ufos by glassfofd hill mt.at 11:45 pm they were moveing towards hwy.89a at about 100mph;2000-04-15 23:45:00;5 min;my wife and my mom and myself saw 2 red ufos by glassfofd hill mt.at 11:45 pm they were moveing towards hwy.89a at about 100mph It was about 11:45pm when i was getting ready for bed when i looked outside my window and saw two sphere shaped ufos. they were amber colored and going about 100mph towards hwy 89a. we watched them for approx. 5 min. when one of these ufos appered to desend towards the ground and then just disappered. the other one then followed suit.;34.6392951219512;-112.303217073171
Spherical object emitting extremely bright orange light from an energy source under the craft.;2012-07-08 22:10:00;2 minutes;Spherical object emitting extremely bright orange light from an energy source under the craft. UFO REPORT from Prescott Valley, Arizona on July 8th, 2012, 10:10 PM  	This UFO sighting took place on the evening of July 8, 2012 at 10:10 pm, on a dark Sunday evening.   There were no clouds in the sky,  no wind blowing, a very quiet night, and no traffic noises. The stars in the sky could be seen very clearly.  The only lights that could be observed that night were from neighboring houses.   There were no street lights on any of the streets in surrounding neighborhoods.   The conditions were absolutely excellent for the UFO sighting. Before I present this report, I need to detail the sighting location to establish the fact that there were no obstructions within the viewing area.  The only obstructions were at distant houses and the next door neighbor‘s house as the craft passed overhead.   Refer to the attached Google Earth map for a detail picture of the observation area. This report was written by my father (an electrical engineer), with details added by my mother, and details added by myself.   The three adults who viewed the sighting, all agree to the report’s accuracy.  None of the observers had ever seen a physical UFO, alone one that flew over the next door neighbor’s house.   I am 41 years old, my father is 67 years old, and my mother is 66 years old.   I was a US Marine, am currently unemployed and currently going to college for a degree.  My father was an electrical engineer with Honeywell and is currently retired.   My mother has always worked in retail and is currently retired. I was sitting on the front porch of my parent’s house at 10:10 PM on the night of July 8th of 2012, which was a Sunday night.  It was a dark cloudless evening with absolutely no wind.  There was absolutely no noise or road traffic during the entire sighting.   I was smoking a cigarette and looked south above the houses across  from us, the next street over, seeing nothing strange.  I was seated on the front porch on this Sunday night at 10:10 PM.   I looked down, while smoking and then up again, noticing a bright orange light which was previously not present in the sky above the houses south, the next street over.   I observed the orange light for approximately 10 seconds, traveling in my direction.   I then called my son  to get my parents as well as my youngest son.   By the time everyone was outside, the object had crossed the street, to the south of us.  There were three adults present and my two children, age 7 and age 9. The object was a spherical round shape (like a basketball), as witnessed by those present.  The spherical object displayed a fluttering energy field of some kind that enveloped the bottom of the sphere.  I’m sure that the energy field was providing the possible antigravity field for the object.   The fluttering energy field provided the only illumination to the spherical object, which was an “extremely” bright orange light, illuminating the lower surface of the sphere.  The top portion of the sphere showed to be dark, probably because the energy field’s light emission could not reflect off  the top surface of the sphere.   There was though, a faint outline of the sphere at the top.   No windows, doors,  protrusions, or protruding appendages were observable on the craft.    Please note that the extreme intensity of the orange light at the bottom of the sphere could have obscured these features. The UFO appeared to be traveling (estimated speed) 30-50 mph, or at a normal street driving speed while it was in the observation viewing window.   The viewing window time (while the object was being viewed) was an estimated 2 minutes in length.  The size of the object as it crossed over our street, which was about three houses up the road, showed to be the size of a penny as viewed at arms length.  The estimated altitude as it crossed over our street showed approximately a 45 degree angle into the air, showed to be approximately the length of a football field high.   There was absolutely no sound during the observation period.   At its closest point to us, it was dead silent.    The object had appeared to have gone in a straight line with no deviation in direction or altitude while being observed.    It disappeared over the houses on our side of the street.  My dad did go down the driveway and observed it continuing its journey to the north until it disappeared over the ho! uses behind us.   Airplanes can be ruled out due to its no noise heard, and hot air balloons can be ruled out due to there being absolutely no breeze or air currents. The UFO flight path had probably crossed over the entire eastern edge of Prescott Valley heading due north.   During our observation period, it was traveling due north.   Interviewing neighbors up and down our street, no one saw the object because they were either in bed, preparing to go to bed, or were up with the blinds closed.   At 10:00 PM, one would have to be very lucky to have seen the object, especially when it made no noise.;34.6392951219512;-112.303217073171
