Dark, very big long, flat oblong flying object with one maybe 2 rows of very bright lights along the bottom.;2008-05-10 22:00:00;30 mins;Dark, very big long, flat oblong flying object with one maybe 2 rows of very bright lights along the bottom. My boyfriend and I just spent the weekend driving around down South to see my parents and go to my friend's wedding. On the drive back from Georgia to Alabama on Saturday night, May 10, we went the Tennessee route, because it was shorter. I hate that way, especially coming back from Georgia, because the last leg is a highway that is very dark. Somewhere around Scottsboro along highway 72 (West) we noticed this very bright, very annoying flashing light just ahead of us. It was just behind the treeline across the highway on out left. We first thought it was far ahead of us and we would soon pass it, but after miles, and miles, it was still just ahead of us. We started wondering what it was, because it was so bright and distracting. The more we paid attention, the more we thought it was moving, just in front of us. I kept looking behind us thinking maybe it was a series of lights, but no, there was nothing behind us. I thought it might be some elaborate storm warning system, because we were headed into bad weather, though it was on the other side of the state at the time. A couple of times the treeline vanished, and I saw at least one row of horizontal lights, maybe two. At one point I thought maybe it was part of a prison tower, because it seemed to be attached to something that looked like the top of a prison tower. But if it was, it was a moving prison. I also briefly thought maybe it was reflector lights on a wire running across the road, but I'd never seen them before and why were they visable from behind a tree line if that is what they were?  Finally we paid very close attention to it, and as I looked and the treeline cleared for a moment what I saw was a row of very bright lights on the bottom of what looked like an observation deck. On top of that was a very, very large, very flat platform, which seemed to be oval shaped. I said to my boyfriend I may be crazy, but that looks like a giant UFO. He kept glancing but he was driving, so he couldn't see as much as I did. By the time I realized it might be something worth taking a picture of, it had finally started to slow down and inch behind us (mind you, we were driving about 60-70 miles and hour this whole time). I took a couple of pictures, which were mostly black, and I took a bit of video, but by then it was way behind us and seemed to be fading. After that we drove into a storm with real lightning and we didn't see any more strange lights. I don't know what it was, but if what I saw was what it was, then it was a gigantic UFO. We were on Sand Mountain, which they say is where most UFO sightings in north Alabama are concentrated. It was really cool, and I wouldn't swear it was a UFO as in an alien ship, but it was something unusual. I was glad we saw it together, because no one would have ever believed me if I had been alone.;34.6748311111111;-86.0942844444445
