Two sightings, one occasion had three objects. shape changing.;2006-12-11 21:00:00;22:30;Two sightings, one occasion had three objects. shape changing I was driving home (I live on a farm) after work when I saw an abnormally bright light directly ahead of me in the sky.  When I reached our house, I got my step-dad's binaculars to get a closer look at it.  When I got it in focus, I could see blue lights on top, red on the bottom, and a white light in the middle that moved in alternating patterns. The object stayed stationary for half an hour after I noticed it. The lights shut off and I could no longer see it.  Not five minutes later, I saw another bright light to the right (south) of the first location. It was the exact same as the first object.   I put down the binaculars and called the sheriffs office.  When I looked at it again, it had changed into three red lights in a triangular shape. The bottom right light shut off, and the bottom left light moved in a horseshoe pattern to join with the top light.  This happened for a half an hour also.  After this one dissapeared, there was another farther off in the distance to the left (north) of the first location. I couldn't see this one as well. I checked to see if it was there every five minutes or so, and after another half an hour, it was gone.   On 12-7-06 I was driving home from work again at 22:30, when I saw a bright white light come from the south towards the road I was on.  It was the fastest thing I have ever seen.  It stopped right before the road for half a second, and flew off at a 90 degree angle from where it came.  It moved so fast that it just vanished over the horizon.   Two seconds later, it came back over the horizon towards our home. It slowed down and descended to the ground. When it was no more than fifty feet off the ground, the light shut off. This was less than half a mile from my bedroom window.  The main part of my story is what has been happening to our community. The people that live around our farm have cows. When the owners of the cows go to check on them, they sometimes find one mutilated.  Half of their skin is torn off their face, no blood in their bodies, and missing organs. This happend on my grandpa and grandmas property, just two miles from our house, at the end of October;48.1797;-111.9377
