An airplane like object was witneesed in the sky but the lights were positioned incorrectly.  Upon slowing down to get a better look th;2000-01-30 10:30:00;2 minutes;An airplane like object was witneesed in the sky but the lights were positioned incorrectly.  Upon slowing down to get a better look the craft began to glow and then suddenly diappeared. Myself(the driver) and 3 others were driving back to college in my car when a supposed airplane was seen in the sky.  The airplane was being discussed because the lights were in the wrong position and were slightly brighter than normal.  I then began to decrease my speed to get a better look at the object which was then observed was more circular in shape.  This cause me to then stop the car entirely on the road and to attempt to get out to see it better.  As we stopped the shape then began to have a glowing nimbus around it and promptly diappeared.  We all sat in shock none of us believed what we saw.  Upon arriving back at campus we asked the other cars who were ahead of us if they saw anything as well but they only remembered seeing a plane in the same spot we say the unidentified object disappear from sight.;41.1356;-80.3254
Something in the sky we hadn't seen before;2020-11-19 19:30:00;3 minutes;Something in the sky we hadn't seen before Driving on road. Looked out passenger window to see what at first I thought was a very low plane. Put window down to get a better look--was not a plane. My son thought it had to be a tower with lights on it. But we have lived there our whole lives and never have seen a power tower there before. We slowed to about 10 miles per hour so that we could get a better look. It wasn't moving. Just hovering in the same spot in the sky. Low to the ground for an aircraft. It was at the height of about a power tower. It had multiple lights going around the craft. One was green. The rest were white that we could tell. When we passed it some on the road and looked back, the lights continued around to the back of the craft, too. Then, a once still object started moving and went out of sight. Not at a fast clip. Just moved right along. No sound. I thought of that later. When I had the window down. If it was a helicopter or plane we would have heard an engine. The! re was no sound.;41.1356;-80.3254
