4 lights racing across the sky, then stop for a split second, one semicircles the others then all take a 90 degree turn and race away.;2006-06-16 22:30:00;4 seconds;4 lights racing across the sky, then stop for a split second, one semicircles the others then all take a 90 degree turn and race away. On a perfectly clear starry night we observed 4 objects streaking across the sky from the southwest to the northeast. As they approached, all in the formation changed speed and position with the trailing object second from the right overtaking the other 3. As this happened, all four came to a stop, the one in the lead circled back around, making a right hand turn. This stop and turn took less than a half second. All 4 objects then streaked away to the north/northwest at an incredible rate of speed. The entire event lasted less than 4 seconds, all four objects crossed the entire visible sky in this time. The altitude of these objects looked to be at least at the extreme limits of the atmosphere.  To give a relation of the amount of time involved, I saw the objects racing across the sky and told my brother to Look at that! and before I could say meteor the objects stopped, one in the lead made a semi circle right hand turn to line itself back in the formation and the other 3 made a 90 degree left turn and raced out of sight. Each object was reddish orange in color and roughly the size of a bright star in the sky. None left a trail, they resembled a satelite as it tracks across the sky, but the speed of them along with stopping, circling and changing directions in split seconds leaves this out as anything manmade.  A few minutes later, a jet airplane took a similar route but took approximately 7 minutes to cover a lesser portion of the sky, I mention this as a speed comparison only. The only other object I've ever seen with comparable speed were shooting stars. None of these stop or change directions though. All the shooting stars I've ever witnessed also left a trail. These objects left nothing in their wake, no trail no sound. Just incredible raw speed and manuverabilty.  The 4 objects were not trailing one another but were in a formation, roughly equal distances apart and varied speed that changed their position as to which was leading. When 3 came to a stop, it was only long enough for the one that overran the formation to circle back, the 3 that momentairily stopped immediatley resumed the speed from before and raced out of site.;31.7384;-96.1566
Fairfield, Freestone County, Texas 3 cylinder long gun barrel shiny objects at dusk on Western horizon, there for over 20 minutes;2008-10-21 19:00:00;20 -25 minutes;Fairfield, Freestone County, Texas 3 cylinder long gun barrel shiny objects at dusk on Western horizon, there for over 20 minutes We witnessed 3 cylinder (gun barrel shaped / very long)objects at dusk on the horizon due West of our location. We had just been in town at a business meeting, the meeting ended around 6:30 PM and we drove out to our ranch (we live 6 miles from Fairfield). It was a beautiful Fall evening and we have a habit of hanging out on the back porch off our kitchen to watch the sunset. My boyfriend and I noticed 3 long streaks in the sky low on the horizon to our West (toward Mexia/Waco). At first we didn't think much of them as we assumed they were jet trails of jets flying in formation. As we continued to do chores in the backyard, we both noticed that these trails or streaks did not disappear. In fact, it became obvious that they were solid in shape and very shiny (the setting sun was bouncing off them and they were highly reflective). We decided to take a few pictures of the objects but we did not get much on the digital image. At the time when I was taking the photos, my boyfriend noticed two more similar objects in the South West that looked like they were traveling South to North. We wanted to get in the truck and get a closer look but we knew they were too far away and we would probably lose them out of sight. Other normal air traffic was visible during the sighting. We see planes, helicopters and satellites all the time and these were not anything we had ever seen before. We told our family about this early Friday, October 24th - that very same night a news report came on from Channel 8 in Dallas/Ft. Worth about the return of the Stephenville lights in Texas. We are about 90 miles from Stephenville and felt that our sighting might be connected. The reason I said there were 4 witnesses is because we found out that two other people here in Fairfield saw them too, we just found out about that on Sunday. **Another person I do not know saw my report on MUFON and said they saw the exact same thing a few counties over, they wanted to contact me**** On Tuesday, October 28th we had another very strange sighting and I will report that seperately. Something is going on in Texas and it really needs to be investigated, it might be military but if so...it is technology never seen before!;31.7384;-96.1566
