Smudge-shaped object that moved across sky and dispersed into hundreds of different colored lights all following a movement pattern.;2017-11-18 19:00:00;5 minutes;Smudge-shaped object that moved across sky and dispersed into hundreds of different colored lights all following a movement pattern. I was heading south on US-27 a few traffic lights before the orange factory in Haines City.  It was roughly around 19:00 so the sky was pretty dark.  I was stopped at a stop light and noticed what looked like a red smudge in the sky, almost like if you were to dip your thumb in maroon-colored paint, stick it on a piece of paper, and pull downwards about an inch.  I noticed this smudge directly above my steering wheel, almost near the top of my windshield.  I thought that was odd so I stared at it for the duration of my time stopped at the light.   I called my wife, who was in the car behind me, and asked if she saw it too.  She verified that she did see it and said that she would call me back because she was on the other line. The light finally turned green, and as I continued driving southbound, this red smudge had a blue light slowly manifest itself directly behind the smudge, close enough that it looked as if the light and the smudge were touching.  After this blue light fully manifested, the smudge started moving west in the sky with the blue light getting brighter and brighter behind it and eventually forming two white lights with one both above and below the centered blue light.  This happened over a period of 10-15 seconds.   When the smudge stopped, it ended almost directly centered on the windshield in front of the passenger seat.  As this smudge stopped, the smudge started to change color and shape.  The smudge started turning from the smudge into a white, straight line perfectly vertical in the sky – the lights were still behind it, just not as bright as when it was moving.  After a few seconds, I watched this now straight line turn into an oval shape that was similar in shape to what you see planets orbit lines look like in books and online.   When this oval shape was fully formed, I watched it disperse into HUNDREDS of different colored lights.  The weird thing was that these lights, mostly red, green, white, and blue, followed that same oval path that they dispersed from.  Over the next couple minutes, I watched these lights start to spiral, similar to how tornadoes are shaped – thick at the top, but starts to taper towards the bottom – all spinning and eventually falling below the tree line.   As I continued watching, the thick top mass of lights did, in fact, start to get closer and closer to the top of the tree line.  I watched this event until it completely disappeared behind the tree line on the west side of US-27 just near W. Polk Ave. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));28.1039113006397;-81.623642643924
