Triangle, Chrome, 2 Lights, Indiana.  ((anonymous report));2006-03-01 07:00:00;2 minutes;Triangle, Chrome, 2 Lights, Indiana I was in High School, at the time, and my family lived in the country on a gravel road.  I walked to the end of our long driveway so I could stand and wait for the bus to pick me up. The neighbors' house was a quarter mile down the road to my right, and across the road.  I noticed something like a bright star sitting above the neighbors house just above the tree line, but it was too cloudy to see stars that morning.   I walked out to the middle of the road and shouted hey! and waved to see if anyone was outside that I could see.  Then I noticed the light started to move slowly.  I backed up to my usual standing spot and watched as it moved diagonally towards the road and me at a 45 degree angle.  It matched my distance from the road and moved parallel to it now towards me.  It moved slowly as it got closer I realized I still didn't know what it was.   I became terrified.  It looked as though it were made of chrome, and it was slightly larger than a car.  It was shaped like a bloated triangle with rounded edges and corners with two white lights on one edge.  The lights weren't all that bright, but I noticed its movement was not related to the lights.  It moved towards me with an edge at the front and a corner to its rear and both the lights were on its right rear edge.  When it was directly above me it stopped.  It sat above me motionless, and silent.  Within about a minute, it vanished.  Something wasn't right about the way it disappeared.  I'm not sure if it moved up until it blended with the clouds, or if it literally disappeared.  It must have seen my bus coming down the road because as soon as I realized that I couldn't see it anymore, I heard the bus engine in the distance.  I didn't tell anyone about it though.  For the next few years I payed close attention to anything unusual above the neighbors house.  I saw the same thing again the next spring when daylight savings time changed.  The second time I just hid behind a tree and waited! for the bus.  When I heard the bus I looked and it was gone.   I saw it again a few months after that and decided to stand in my usual bus spot and ignore it. It disappeared within a few seconds though. The strangest thing about all of this is that the UFO was always above the neighbors' house.  The guy who lived there was a simple farmer, and his son had advanced multiple sclerosis.  He was basically a vegetable.  The teenager had died a few years later from what I heard.   I don't know what it was that I saw, and I don't have a clue what it was doing.  I can't say I believe in aliens, and I know I don't believe other people's UFO stories, but I really don't have a clue what that thing was. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.6884;-85.413
