Saucer seen on I-26 and Ladson Rd.;2016-08-30 09:50:00;10 minutes?;Saucer seen on I-26 and Ladson Rd So, I’m a student. I got out of class sometime after 9:30 and I hit the interstate.   I got on Ashley Phosphate, took 1-26 West to get off on exit 205 A. As I’m going down the road, I see this bright light. It was just a small circular light- I assumed it was a airplane.  It approached, like one. I like planes so I was watching it, waiting for it to pass over me, but instead it stayed in the distance.  I found it odd, about 2 minutes passed and I watched it slowly make its way over to the left side of the interstate and it descended into the trees.  I was so confused, because the only airport I know of is the one alll the way back after exit 212.  So. Right as this “plane” descends, I see another one.  This one has two lights on each end. Different colors.  I automatically assume that it’s a helicopter.  It slowly makes it’s way over the interstate and then it pauses too.. I put on my glasses and watch it slowly descend into the trees.  About a mile away from the! first one.  I was so confused, if these were helicopters, why were they landing in that area? I’m not too familiar with the area but I knew there was no landing spots there.  So just as I see it disappear within the trees.. I see another as I’m passing by the signs saying 205 B is coming up. This one, it wasn’t really moving. I stared at it all the way to my exit.  It was close to ground. I couldn’t make out the object at first but once I came up to the exit, it was directly above me man. It had very dim lights on it.  Now at this point “ufo” was going through my mind, the craft looked so odd.  I was eyeballing this thing hard as I drove around the loop and came up on University Blvd?  I rolled down my window just to listen, to see if it made any sound. It was so quiet.  I watched this thing HOVER from my right side over to my left side.  As I was coming down the hill, a car pulls full of boys are passing me, and I watched the guy i the passenger and he screams “DUUUUUDE” and they take off.  That made me feel better, I knew I wasn’t just seeing things.  It’s pretty high up in the air, but it was so close.. I’m not good at describing distance so I can’t tell you but as I was driving down that hill to get to Ladson, I was in sync with the object. It was getting lower and lower to the ground.  I get to the light, turn left on Ladson, and I’m going as slow as I can, just keeping up with it.  I’m going about 15mph on a 45?  And I follow it to Ladson Elementary School.  It was right there..  It wasn’t in the street, it was hovering over the parking lot of the school?  It had these  strange dim lights that looked so out of place, and the object moved so slow in mid air. I could see it’s shape now, as it slowly shifted from horizontal to vertical. It was a saucer. Just as it did that, it spit something, it was like a tiny pill shaped object that had a white glow to it,  it was big enough for me to see. Right after that I hauled ass.  I got so emotional and so scared. As I’m getting to my friends house, I see military planes in the sky, going towards the direction from which  I came. 	I arrive to her house and I bolt to her door, I think I see  a drone or two flying over her neighborhood, I’m so freaked out. I knock on her door then just barge in, I was too scared to stay outside. I went ballistic and was telling them what happened, they look outside and see the drones. We stayed there for about 20 minutes before leaving again.  As we’re getting in the car, a light in the sky is coming our way, it looked like the first flying object I saw, but it revealed itself to be a plane.  But this plane was scoping.  It was cruising through the sky. And when we left her neighborhood and went back up Ladson, I watched these huge trucks pull into the back of the school, and then the cruiser plane  flew across the street. 	We get to the gym. Work out. Leave. Go back to Ladson. It’s about 12:40 when we get to the light to turn onto Ladson. That plane was still in the sky scoping and those trucks were just leaving the area. I go home. I couldn’t sleep. Needed the lights on to sleep. Haha. There were people on the road, and many people on the interstate that could've saw too.. It really sucks you know. I wish I didn’t see that. I mean. That was cool. Really cool. But. Overwhelming. I just want to know the truth but I guess it’s better to just mind my business.;32.9917999999999;-80.1187
a circular saucer with 3 glowing yellow lights seen in Charleston, SC.;2019-06-24 22:40:00;5 minutes;a circular saucer with 3 glowing yellow lights seen in Charleston sc I was just looking outside my window when I saw a circular disk with 3 glowing lights floating in the air. the lights were yellow with a faint red dot in the center.  I thought it might have been an aircraft because I live next to a air base.  But it didn't look like a normal ship and didn't look like it was going the usual airline flight path.   The craft was huge, just floating in the same spot.  I went out of my room to tell my family what I've witnessed.  when I came back it was gone.;32.9917999999999;-80.1187
