Translocation and knowing I could fly onto elevated deck.;1969-05-01 06:00:00;unknown;Translocation and knowing I could fly onto elevated deck. One early morning in either 1968 or 1969, when I was about seven years old, I woke up at about 6 o'clock in a different location.  I was on the couch downstairs in the living room, covered up with a blanket that my mother always kept there.  Thinking my parents had decided to paint our bedroom, and had therefore moved me and my brother in our sleep, I curiously went back upstairs, and found my brother sleeping away in his own bed.  My bed had obviously been slept in part of the night, and the room was unpainted.  I had never sleep-walked before then, nor have I ever done so since then.  I determined to get to the bottom of this mystery, so I made a point to interview each of my four older sisters, to see which one of them had played this trick on me.  None ever admitted to such a prank.  At about the same time, I have another memory which in retrospect may be related to the couch incident.  I remember being outside in the backyard, looking up at our deck, which was built directly off the living room, and knowing that I could fly onto and off of, that deck.  It was more than a simple wish -- it was a conviction.  The deck was some seven or eight feet off the ground, which sloped away from the back of the house.  So adamant was I of my conviction, that I got a piece of rope (old clothesline, I think), tied it onto a kitchen chair, and wedged that chair into one corner of the deck.  Don't ask me why I did it this way, but that's the way I did it.  Once this was done, I slid down the rope to the ground, burning my hands in the process.  I had never heard of a flying saucer or UFO at this time, much less the apparent abduction phenomenon. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.2981500000001;-73.4942078947368
Saw individuals that were not human.;1976-05-17 02:00:00;10-15 minutes;Saw individuals that were not human. This occured at what was then the Casagmo Apartments in Ridgefield (1976)  My (ex)wife and I were asleep - it was early Spring and the large sliding window was partly open (an inch or two).  A loud buzzing noise woke me (I remember covering my head with a pillow).  I realized that the buzzing seemed to come from inside my head. I went to the window and saw what I thought were 3 electrical company employees (linesmen) at the far side of the parking lot (less than 100 feet from my view).  I thought they were electrical linesmen because they had their backs to me and appeared to be wearing hard hats (vey shiny hard hats that looked like chrome). Each was dressed oddly (I say this because they appeared to be wearing dark wet suits. Each looked to have on mittens as I saw only a thumb and what looked to be a mitten like glove. Each of the individuals looked to be 5 feet tall or less.  I said quietly to my wife what the hell are these idiots doing out there in the middle of the night?  The 3 were clearly visible because they were illuminated by an overhead light source.  One individual was looking up into the tree line, another was looking very intently at the ground and the third was looking around almost as if keeping a watch.  I continued standing at the window behind a very large, potted philodendron plant that we kept in the bedroom.  The three individuals suddenly turned as if they were given a command (right face) and faced directly at the window where I was standing. (Please understand that the bedroom was on the second floor and we had not turned on any lights nor made any noise to attract attention - the buzzing was still quite loud at this point).  I felt immediately uncomfortable and crouched down behind the plant.  As the individuals turned toward me, it appeared that one of them had a reflective stripe running down his pant leg (much like the satin stripe on tuxedo trousers).  The helmets were no longer visible from the front (only slightly around the perimeter of their heads - for lack of a better description - like an ancient Egyptian headdress).  They had unusually large reflective goggles over their eyes (or unusually large reflective eyes).  I asked my (ex)wife to please take a look.  She got out of bed and came to the window.  My recollection is that the 3 individuals then turned to their right again (all at the same moment).  They all walked as if they were in a strobe light.  Two went out of my field of vision (behind the maitenance garage in the parking lot) and one simply disappeared from the open field.  The overhead light and the buzzing stoppeed at the moment the last individual disappeared.  I did not tell my Ex what I saw but asked her what she had seen.  Her description to me was the same as what I witnessed.  She, however, described them as walking away in slow motion and she was also unclear as to what happened to the third individual.  We went back to bed.  The night was clear prior to the incident but it did rain after the incident.  In the morning, I went out behind the garage to see if there were a light source.  There was a fixture but it had not spot light bulbs in it.  There were no marks on the ground.  I saw no craft and maitained that if it had gone forward, backward or up I would have seen it so it could only have gone into the ground.  I mentioned the incident only to my closest friend who insisted that I get the number for UFO Locater and call them to report it.  After 2 weeks, I relented and went to the Ridgefield police and got the UFO Locator 800 number from them.  I reported the incident to Locator and asked if anyone else had seen or reported anything unusual that night.  They told me that there had been 26 reports for that same night from Katoonah, NY to Danbury, CT (along the power grid and fault line - which I never knew existed).  They subsequently called to interview me about the sighting.  When I told them the craft could only have gone down into the ground or I would have seen it they asked me if I thought that it could have gone to another dimension or time.  I had not considered that possibility and said so.  The memory is still vivid after nearly 27 years.  It was suggested to me that I submit to hypnosis to see if I could recall more.  I did in 1981 and had kept a copy of the tape that was made.  I heard myself yelling about the individuals looking closely into my face - yelling about their eyes and yelling for help because I was outside of my apartment.  I have rarely shared this information with anyone.  My Ex Wife refused to talk about it. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.2981500000001;-73.4942078947368
