Irregular black object that changed shape, with smaller object that came and went, seen in daylight.;2014-03-22 13:00:00;10 minutes;Irregular black object that changed shape, with smaller object that came and went, seen in daylight. At approximately 1 PM on March 22, 2014 my wife and I were leaving the Mount Vernon, Washington post office.  We had not left the lot when we saw an odd object seemingly hanging motionless in the sky, more or less north of our position. At first we thought it was a helicopter, but on closer examination it appeared to be irregularly shaped, and a solid black.  Although the sun was shining through light haze we saw no reflections off the surface.   We stopped the car and parked again, facing the object, and watched it from both inside and outside the car for about 10 minutes.  During this time the object very slowly moved toward us and a little to the west.  When we left to do other errands it was still there. There was little wind, but it did not move like a balloon, bobbing with air currents, but directionally, for want of a better word.  It continually changed shape, although it never took on any regular shape and always appeared as an irregular polygon.  It could have been rotating but it was hard to tell because of the fully black appearance.  It did appear to be more changing shape than rotating from a subjective perception.  It's hard to imagine a rigid solid shape that could rotate and be all those different appearances. While we watched it I noticed that another smaller irregular black object was nearby and this object would move toward the main one and seem to disappear, and then move away from it again. I pointed this out to my wife and she did see this second object.  After a while I noticed that there was a sort of grey halo of light around the object, perfectly circular, and when I mentioned this to her, she exclaimed, I thought I was seeing things! I see it too! or something to that effect.   I went outside the car and could see the halo from that position as well, although the glare from haze made it harder. It was impossible to tell how far away it was, but it did seem to be a smaller object that was closer rather than a large object farther away.   My wife did a search on youtube for amorphous black ufo and found a number of videos that were pretty similar to what we had seen except they didn't have a smaller object that came and went.;48.4275116279071;-122.195811627907
