Three reddish-orange, pulsating orbs in the sky slowly approached a crowd of people in uneven tandem formation.;2012-07-04 22:00:00;1 hour;Three reddish-orange, pulsating orbs in the sky slowly approached a crowd of people in uneven tandem formation. My wife and mother-in-law were sitting with me in a large crowd prior to watching the City of Mount Vernon’s 4th of July fireworks display about 10:00 pm at Edgewater Park in West Mount Vernon, when I noticed a fairly large, pulsating-reddish-orange orb slowly approaching from the northeast.  I assumed it was just an airplane or helicopter, so I went back to watching the citizens of the area light off their personal fireworks prior to the main event and lost track of the object. A few minutes later, the three of us together noticed three more orbs, like the first one I had seen, in an uneven tandem formation approaching the area very slowly from the south.  I thought they might be helicopters because of the formation’s very slow speed, and so I continued to chat with my wife and mother-in-law while we watched the orbs.  After the formation slowed almost to a hover about a mile away, the lead object slowly turned right to the east while the other two remained approximately in place.  As the lead object slowly proceeded on its new trajectory, it gradually transitioned from a pulsating reddish-orange color to a smaller solid-whitish light until it seemed to disappear.  My wife said something about “UFOs,” and even someone in the crowd behind us remarked that they might be UFOs, but I still continued to think they HAD to be aircraft.  But, what puzzled me was the oversize pulsating reddish-orange color and the lack of a standard aircraft position lighti! ng scheme of small, solid red and green lights with a white strobe.  When the fireworks show began, our attention was transferred to the spectacular display and the orbs were forgotten. After taking my mother-in-law home, my wife and I were east-bound on Memorial Hwy (SR 536) driving back to our trailer in West Mount Vernon, when my wife noticed a single reddish-orange pulsating orb off to the south less than a mile away.  We pulled our car off to the side of the road and stopped to get out of our car and better observe the object’s behavior.  The soundless orb was slowly paralleling the road in a straight line about 500 feet in the air when it gradually morphed to a small point of white light before it went behind a tree that blocked our view.  We excitedly left for home after we were unable to find it again. When we got home, we searched the sky outside for about 10 minutes to see if we could observe any more of the objects, but we failed to see anything other than two separate aircraft (we could see their familiar outline) fly by with their trademark white strobe-light with red and green position-lights. None of us had ever seen anything like those large, silent, pulsating reddish-orange orbs before!;48.4275116279071;-122.195811627907
White dots in a straight line going across the lake high in sky;2021-03-25 09:10:00;30 seconds;White dots in a straight line going across the lake high in sky Looked like 6 to 8 bright dots  or lights in a straight string going across the lake. Went very fast. No sound.;48.4275116279071;-122.195811627907
