8 of us saw a massive, dark object floating low and silently from the beach to the oceans horizon casting a shadow across the water.;2006-12-02 22:00:00;10 seconds;8 of us saw a massive, dark object floating low and silently from the beach to the oceans horizon casting a shadow across the water. There were about 15 of us that rented out a beach house for a pre-wedding bash.  8 of us were on the beach hanging out and all of a sudden things got really quiet.  It was an awkwardness where we all stopped and looked at each other, and noticed the night sky got really dark. It's difficult to explain, but we all felt something was odd and stopped our conversations and tried to figure out what was different on that beach.  We all saw a huge object hover low above us.  It was just above the low lying scattered clouds.  It was like an enormously big shadow that hovered from east to west over the ocean.  While it floated above us, you could hear the silence, it was too quiet, it was like the noise of life stopped.  I remember standing there watching the once moonlit sky turn to black and saw the massive shadow float across the sky towards the oceans' horizon.  We all knew this was real as we saw the shadow of this object on the oceans' water.  The water was ref! lecting the moonlight and when this object floated over, the water turned black.  We all watched this object float away onto the horizon.  The object was about 400 ft wide and even longer in length, maybe 500-600 ft.  It was hard to see its actual shape because it was a shadow over the clouds, but I remember it being like a mammoth sized blimp-shaped object.  I have seen other sightings in the desert that I cant explain, but this one really got to me.  It's been with me for all these years and I decided to search around and see if anyone else saw any sightings this particular night.  I'm glad to see another report was made on this particular night in Newport Beach, CA.;33.6239643292684;-117.886245121952
UFOs posing as Stars, moving in sky off coast of SoCal.;2009-07-19 22:20:00;1 hour;UFOs posing as Stars, moving in sky off coast of SoCal. It was my birthday today and a friend and I decided to have dinner and relax at the Newport Beach Pier. After dinner we laid out some blankets on the sand a few hundred yards away from the Pier. It was a quiet night despite some celebratory camp fires going on. As we laid back, looking at the stars, listening to the ocean, we noticed the two of the stars were moving back and forth and occasional they moved to the side but did so fairly quick. No sound came from these stars, but they did shine a tad brighter than the rest of the stationary stars they were around. One thing we did notice before my lady friend got so nervous she demanded we leave, was that when planes flew near these stars the stars would move away from the planes a good distance and then stop for a while before deciding to move again. Whatever these things were, they made no sound but moved seamlessly through the air. Again, the beach was dark and the sky was clear, we had a great shot of whatever these things were. There was a helicopter and several airplanes overhead. Quite a few commercial. There was only one plane (non-commercial, I believe) that got close to these things and that's when they moved away from potential contact. About three weeks ago I did hear about these stars or UFO's posing as stars on Coast to Coast AM by a guy who lives in the desert that has been using high-beam light to signal them and they signal back and move-in when engaged. I am trying desperately to find an answer out of all this as to what it might be, but my lady friend got so upset she almost threw-up and couldn't stop shaking. I'll admit, it made me nervous, also. I immediately thought of that broadcast and what was said and felt I too had witnessed the same thing. Real stars DON'T move that quick, backwards and forwards and react to planes.;33.6239643292684;-117.886245121952
