Very long, straight craft with string of bright lights on it seen moving slowly in night sky near Williams Arizona.;2021-05-05 21:30:00;1 minute;Very long, straight craft with string of bright lights on it seen moving slowly in night sky near Williams Arizona. Sighting details: At approximately 2130hrs on May 5th, 2021, I was taking a walk through a very dimly lit RV park one mile East of Williams Arizona. I happened to look upwards and was immediately startled to notice a nearly perfect straight line of bright white lights stretched horizontally across the sky. As I stopped to look intently upon them I noticed they were slightly brighter white than the stars that were clearly visible in the dark night sky. These lights emitted a constant stream of light and did not have the “twinkling” effect that stars frequently have. The string of lights seemed to be equally spaced from one another, horizontally, but were slightly higher/lower from one another vertically. The lights appeared to all be attached to the same craft, as I could just barely make out a very faint appearance of a gray object against the black sky background. The moment I first saw the light formation it appeared to be stationary, but within a few seco! nds all the lights began to slowly move to my right, in unison with each other. They continued at the same very slow speed until out of sight. I’m not exactly certain of my directional bearings at the time, but I am fairly certain it was moving from the Southwest towards the Northeast in direction. The string of lights was very long. I looked up at about 30 degrees to my left, and it spanned to about 30 degrees to my right. That was my full field of view, due to some tall Ponderosa Pine trees blocking my view of either end of it. I could clearly see approximately 15 lights in a straight line on the object, but there appeared to be more that were being blocked by the trees. It was a very quiet night outside that evening and there was no audible noise coming from this craft. My background: I am 61 years old. I am retired from the US Air Force. I worked on fighter jets as a maintenance technician. I have a BS degree in Psychology from Grand Canyon University, an Associates Degree in Aerospace Technology, and completed half of the credits needed towards a Masters Degree in Family Counseling from Phoenix Seminary.;35.5434;-112.1707
