I've seen strange lights in the night sky, but nothing this long or active before.;2017-04-07 20:00:00;2 hours;I've seen strange lights in the night sky, but nothing this long or active before. Event started in the night sky with the appearance of three bright lights, forming an almost perfect upside-down triangle, just North of Orion's Belt in the North-West sky.  The triangle lights were of equal brightness and were too far apart to be from a single craft.  The upper two lights would take turns moving in and out of formation for a good twenty minutes before cloud cover obscured them. About thirty minutes later red and white lights started to appear and move in strange and an unconventional like manner in the North-West sky.  This was just North of where the upside-down triangle had appeared.  The lights were many and zig-zagging in all directions. Later two military jets came in from the south and the strange lights just bounced all around the two jets.  Eventually, they disengaged and headed back south towards Phoenix. By the look of their aviation lights they were probably F-16s. About ten minutes later another jet came in from the South-East.  This single military jet look like an F-22 from its aviation lights.  It headed in the direction of were the strange lights had last been seen.  Amazingly, by the time this military jet had reached the location of the strange lights, the lights were gone.  The fighter must have stayed in the area for a good amount of time before it also headed South. Later in the evening the three bright lights were back in almost the same location but the triangle was now pointing up with the lower left light being the brightest of the three. On a normal day or night, we have a lot of commercial East-West flights over our territory but not on this night.  During all this activity there were no commercial flights in the sky to be seen.  When I checked the commercial FFA flight logs on-line, all West and East bound flights had been diverted North towards Las Vegas and, South towards Phoenix. The dogs and coyotes in the neighborhood had been making noise for days.  Last night it was dead silence all night.;35.5434;-112.1707
