Triangles and helicopters give chase;2004-05-01 21:00:00;10 minutes;Triangles and helicopters give chase In the early summer or late spring in 2004, east of Elk, Washington, myself and another witnessed two triangle craft, closely followed by dark hellicopters in pursuit.   The sighting occurred as it was getting dark in a wooded, acreage-residential area on Bridges rd.   The property was a couple of acres of clearing surrounded by stand of trees approx 30 ft tall.   The sighting and later occurrences still to this day bother me. Stepping out of the residence, facing what I believe to have been due North, a really distinct silence fell over the area.  No insects, dogs or any sound (very unusual many dogs and insects), the silence actually felt strange and was largely indescribable.   I stopped and began looking around, right above the treeline to our right (East),  probably within 100ft, was a black triangle with lights (not beams just small lights).  It was moving very slow, just barely clearing the tree tops.  So slow actually, that it should have fallen right out of the sky, it made absolutely no sound, there was absolutely no sound, period!  It was dark in color and had various lights, almost airplane like, except none flashing.  I cannot recall the exact color of lights that were present but they were multicolored, perhaps red, white and orange. I excitedly exclaimed to my friend to LOOK!  He exclaimed various swear words and amazement.  As I glanced at him I noticed that he was not looking in the same direction, as I followed  his gaze I realised that there was another craft dead ahead, slightly further away.  Both were headed North excessively slowly with no variation in course and appeared to maintain continuous distance apart.  We watched them until they were out of sight. I can't remember if all of the local dogs were barking before the silence, but after the craft were out of sight and the silence was gone, it was as if someone turned the mute button off and all the local dogs went nuts.  The insects of course were making noise everywhere also.   Right as we began debating whether this could have been  military aircraft, the roaring roters of multiple helicopters (not sure how many, at least 2 or 3) came in low, just screaming, headed dead on in the direction of the craft.  It was incredibly loud and certainly everyone around heard it.  If all speeds and directions of the parties were maintained they would have caught up quickly. I have spent time in Guam, Hawaii and Pensacola where there is a very large navy aircraft presence.  I have even seen a Stealth Bomber in broad daylight before they were generally allowed to be viewed (when Korea was lobbing missles in Japan's vacinity).  I have been around constant helicopter and hornet fighter traffic, I currently live in predator drone testing grounds and have been seeing those for years, saw one land recently (they make noise).  I have never seen anything like what we saw, especially the silence, every fiber of your being tells you something is wrong when the world shuts off like that.   I have never seen helicopters pushed as hard as that day either, I was afraid for the pilots.  Furthermore, I have common sense and understand general physics... at least as we know them. A couple of side notes.  I developed a nodule on my thyroid soon after the experience and I believe it to be related.  I would not approach or watch these things too long.  Furthermore, there were creepy occurences at the residence there for sometime after and maybe even still. (Sorry for any butchery I have no spellcheck) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));48.0186;-117.2924
