Flying Disk seen in Fl Panhandle;1975-10-15 16:00:00;5 minutes;Flying Disk seen in Fl Panhandle I was just a child, around 8 or so, and playing in my parents backyard.  I live in a rural area, but the neighborhood I live in is fairly built up.  Because of my age, most people think that it was simply an overactive imagination, or a vivid dream that simply seemed real, but it wasn't a dream.  It was in the afternoon, about 2 hours before sunset, so there was plenty of light.  To my left were two tall pine trees, probably 80 - 120 feet high, and too my right was my house.  I was simply standing in my backyard, which is probably a tenth of an acre in size, and fairly clear, with only a few trees and grass.  I happened to look up, and coming from the west, moving east, approximately 300 ft up I saw a round, saucer shaped craft, colored like a copper penny.  It wasn't moving fast at all, maybe half the speed of a single engine plane, and making absolutely no noise at all, at least not that I could hear.  Being so young, I didn't have a very good perception of sizes, or distances, so everything is very approximate, but should be close, because I remember the event vividly.  It was probably around 30 - 50 feet in diameter, as far as I could tell and had what looked to be windows on the bottom.  Now, the windows could've been something else, but that is what they looked like to me. There were 3 on each side of the bottom of the craft, and the reason I say they were windows is because they looked opaque...their coloration was drastically different than the actual copper color of the disk itself.  There are realistically a number of things they could've been other than windows, but that is the best description I can give.  It simply moved from the west to the east, never moving very fast, in a straight line until it disappeared over the eastern horizon.  I've told people about this encounter, and because I was so young, everyone feels like it was simply the overactive imagination of a child.  It wasn't, and I'd take a lie detector test any day to prove it.  It was never scary, eerie, or creep! y.  It never did anything spectacular...it just flew from one side of the sky to another, in a straight line, never moving at a high speed, or defying the laws of physics by darting around.  It could've been earthly, but I had not, nor have I ever seen anything resembling it.  I do live near both Tyndall and Eglin airforce bases, so it could've been something from there, but again, it didn't look like anything I've ever seen.  I know it was real.  I'd be very interested in knowing whether or not anyone else in this area saw anything like I'm describing in this area about the time I mention. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));30.7598;-85.2218516129032
