An unusually bright light very high in the sky near Massey On,  during the daylight.;2004-07-09 17:00:00;30 seconds;An unusually bright light very high in the sky near Massey On,  during the daylight. I noticed a very bright light,  very high in the sky,  my first thoughts were that  it was a plane, but surprised I could see a light in the day.  As quickly as I noticed it, it was gone. Then seconds later it was back, and I watched more closely, the light was very large (for a plane), it went out after a few seconds, then I could see a black object, it seemed like there was a second black object nearby, but before I could focus on it, the light returned.  The lit object seemed larger than the object when it was unlit.  As I was driving into the town, my view was distracted,  when I could look again, I could find no trace in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous.  PD));46.201;-82.0833
Two Red Lights Over Northern Ontario West of Massey;2011-05-09 23:11:00;2 nights at same time las;Two Red Lights Over Northern Ontario West of Massey Time: 23:00 hr continuing to after 01.00 hr., Mon. May 09th and Tue. May 10 2011  I watched through my kitchen window an object glowing red to yellowish red, changing colors as it hovered, flitted up and down, from side to side, irradically but staying always in the same area. It's size and shape seemed to change as it moved around. It is in the general direction of where the sun goes down and just over a bit which would be in the northwest of me from where I am standing looking at it.  My husband and I drove up the rural road and on up to the main highway in that direction this morning to see if there might be a tower anywhere in the area of where I saw it both nights to explain why it was always in the same area the whole time and red.  We saw none There are no witnesses either night. I turned off all lights inside and outside the house to make sure that what I saw and am seeing again tonight is not a reflection on the (crank-open-outward-type) window (screen located inside) of something lit up inside or outside that could be causing it.  This moving, glowing object I'm seeing at least 5 miles away(?) is fluctuating from what looks like to be treetop level to higher.  I am certain that the red ufo is in fact there in the night sky and is moving around in a darting manner as if searching for something. I feel anxious and cannot go to bed.  I keep going and looking out to see if it is still there. I noticed also that it will stop abruptly, stay still for a second and disappear for an instant, reappearing in a different spot very nearby where I last saw it.  It keeps doing this back and forth, up and down in no orderly manner.   I also saw a smaller ufo of the same description over to the left of it higher up and flitting about in the same manner. Hard to judge how far away it was from the other but if I was to hold my arm across in front of my face bent from the elbow looking out at them, it would be that length apart. When I lived at another town nearby in 2008 I saw a similar ufo around the same time of night, hovering, but was a white color, with a faint, unsteady red glow.  On the first night I kept watching for over an hour from midnight onward until it suddenly dropped straight down behind a small mountain where a red glow emminated upwards and all around the whole area where it went down.  The reddish glow was fainter but still visible at dawn the next morning when my husband and I both saw it from our sixth floor balcony. The second night, the white starlike ufo did the same thing, just hovered at the same time of night for over an hour, to my recollection, and then it just suddenly, like a light being turned out,,,,disappeared into thin air.  I did not see it again after those two nights. Again, I was the only one who witnessed it the both nights. I would like to add that the area where the ufo sitings took place in 2008 are very concentrated with uranium mines which are no longer active. My present sitings are located about 35 miles southeast of there. It's now 01:15 hr Tuesday morning, the larger, brighter one is still there.  I am retiring for the night and will look again tomorrow night to see if any have returned.;46.201;-82.0833
