A disk flew directly over my head. My mom and I continued to watch it for 5-6 hours.;1996-01-08 17:00:00;approx. 5-6 hours;A disk flew directly over my head. My mom and I continued to watch it for 5-6 hours. The date was January 8, 1996.  I was nine years old at the time.  It was a Monday... the Monday that I was supposed to go back for the first day of school after the Christmas holidays.  However, there was so much snow that the buses couldn't run so school was cancelled for the day.  I had been working on building an igloo an our side deck and was almost finished.  At around 5:00 (this is just a guess... it was dusk) I was kneeling inside the igloo when I heard what sounded like an airplane.  Living nearby to a small airport, I thought it was no big deal.  I then thought I heard a helicopter.  Not knowing what exactly was flying nearby, I backed out of the igloo and looked up expecting to see both a helicopter and an airplane, but to my surprise I saw neither.  However, I did notice something dark behind some trees that were located across the street in my neighbour's side/backyard.  It was hovering a little below the tops of the trees when I first glanced at it.  It then began to move up above the treeline at a very slow pace.  Once it emerged from behind the trees I could distinguish the dark shape of a disk against the slightly lighter sky.  It then started heading straight towards me and as soon as it had gone past the tallest trees it sank back down to it's original height.  It continued in my direction at an extremely slow pace.  As it began to fly directly over me, I remember thinking, from a nine-year-old's perspective, that it was strange that there wasn't a beam of light coming out from the bottom lifting me up off my feet.  I did, however, see three small lights that formed an equilateral triangle on the underside of the disk.  One was red, one white, and one blue.  After careful thought, I have realized (and I'm fairly certain this is accurate) that the lights had some peculiar characteristics.  First of all, their brightness was constant and unchanging.  It wasn't as though someone was holding a flashlight that was blinding at one point when shone directly into my eyes... these lights were ! bright c ontinuously.  And secondly, despite the intensity of the lights I don't recall them illuminating anything else around me.  The disk flew past me and over the fence into my backyard.  Then one side dipped down, like the wing of an airplane, and it swung around behind the house and out of view.  Although it was a noise that initially caused me to look up, I don't recall the object making sound as it flew over me.  A few minutes later I went into the house and told my mom what I'd seen.  My mom ran to the back of the house and looked out the sliding glass doors and saw that it was still in the backyard.  It'd raised up to the height of our 2nd story windows and was gradually moving away.  My mom went upstairs as I started taking off my snowgear.  She clearly saw a row of windows lit up around the rim of the disk.  We continued to watch it for hours as it very slowly raised higher as it moved away from our house.  It wasn't until after 10:00 that we stopped watching it.;49.119010625;-122.625578125
Saucer shape, quickly north wests direction over langley BC;2006-07-17 13:30:00;3 seconds;saucer shape, quickly north wests direction over langley BC summer of 2006 BRITISHCOLUMBIA - was riding motorcycle into Langley BC heading west on the langley by-pass was proceeding up and over traintracks and just as i was at the highest point of the road on the tracks i witnessed a very large completely round (saucer shaped)  shadow wip over the 8 lane road ahead of me. very fast in a North westerly direction (had i blinked i would of missed it)  I looked all around in the sky ,  NO clouds, No air balloons, no planes nothing.  At the time i didnt fully realise what i had witnessed but NOW in retrospect that was certainly a UFO.  this is the first of many sightings i have had over the last decade.;49.119010625;-122.625578125
