i was chased by a UFO in the 2nd sighting.  ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  Hoax??  PD));2008-08-11 23:30:00;2 minutes;In the first sighting i could essentially draw you a picture of the craft and i was chased by a UFO in the 2nd sighting   After being extremely frightened over this 2nd UFO encounter in the past 2 weeks I had to mention these recent events to someone, just so it could be known.  The date today is the 11th of August, 2008.  This was actually my 2nd UFO encounter in about the past week and a half.  I would first like to talk about my first encounter which happened about 1 and a half weeks ago.  It was about 9:45 PM and I had been at my friend’s house across town.  I started to head back home which was about a 15 minute drive.  On the way home I noticed 2 large lights about 60 to 80 feet hovering in the air, lights almost touching each other.  As I began to drive towards the lights I actually began to joke to myself that this might be a UFO.  I continued on highland drive and when I got to the Amort’s farming fields I clearly saw this object floating soundless in the air.  Other cars drove extremely slow past this object, as if to wonder what was sitting up in the air.  The strange thing was of the 3 or 4 cars I saw pass this object, no one stopped or got out of their car, but each car drove past this thing at about 5mph to catch a glimpse.  As I drove past this object I could clearly see the shape and color of this unknown craft.  It was diamond shaped with 4 bright lights on each corner.  The crazy thing was you could see these lights from so far away but when you got up the craft the lights appeared pretty small.  Also when I looked into this light it didn’t hurt my eyes as a regular light would.  As I rolled down the street almost directly under this craft I rolled down my window and heard no noise, at all.  Please tell me what can float 80 feet off the ground and not make noise.  The lights on the bottom of the craft are what created enough light to view the craft.  The bottom of the diamond was some sort of black material.  After passing the craft on the long street of highland I was only about 2 minutes away from my house and I wanted to get my brother and a video camera as proof to this sighting.  Unfo! rtunatel y when I arrived home he was gone and 10 minutes later when I returned the object had vanished.  When I got back home my parents were now there and I decided to tell them about this strange event.  On the way home they had seen this object in the Amort’s farming fields just like I had.  I figured out that they passed by this same object about 5 minutes after I had.  My parent’s first impression of the object was it was not normal and was a UFO.  They believed as they passed the object it began to move forward slowly but they never saw it disappear quickly.  The funny thing about this is that my family and I decided not to report this I decided to report it after what happened to me, tonight, the night of August 11th.  I was over at one of my brother’s friend’s houses and it was about 11:15 PM.  I was tired and decided to head back to my house.  I was almost to my street when I noticed a weird light hovering, in place, a good distance behind the Warlow’s farming fields.  I decided that because of my recent sighting nearly 2 weeks ago, that I would park in their driveway and watch this red light.  I noticed that the object began to hover straight up into the air at a pretty fast pace.  The object reached a height of probably about 200 to 300 feet and began to move fast towards my vehicle.  At this point I was pretty much scared shit less and pulled back as fast I could and made a fast dash towards my house.  The object hovered parallel with my vehicle but essentially right above me.  I remember as I made the sharp turn onto my street I glanced out my window and up into the sky and there it was right above me, following me but still at an altitude of about 200 to 300 feet.  I could clearly see the lights on the UFO and the brightness of the moon made everything pretty visible.  It was high enough up that I couldn’t quite make out the shape but it moved quickly.  At this point I was freaked out of my mind and my adrenaline was running.  The object proceeded to follow me up my street until I made it to a lar! ge pass of overhanging trees.  I live out in the forest and there are a lot of trees that hang over my street, it creates some good cover from the skies.  As I reached this pass of overhanging trees before my house I was continuously looking in the air to see if the UFO was still present.  When I got to my house I was so scarred I didn’t even get out of my car.  I locked the doors and called my mom to open the front door of my house, so I could run in with no delays.  This event scared me to the point of reporting both these UFO incidents event though I had been contemplating revealing the first incident.  The thing about this 2nd one is that I was out by myself witnessing all of this.  My lights were shined out towards the UFO which probably got its attention because after about a minute or 2 it headed straight towards me.  I really thought this unknown craft was trying to do something the way it responded to me showing up and witnessing it out in the Warlow field.  The craft had 3 lights, 1 red and 2 white (bright).  This may sound like a plane or something but this was not, I know for a fact.  It made no sound, flew 200 to 300 feet above the ground almost directly above my car, the craft essentially engaged me and I ran.  In my mind I really believed it was trying to abduct me and luckily I was about 1 minute from my house and I went about 50 to 60 mph on a 25 mph street to escape this thing that was tailing me.  I strongly have believed in aliens before these events but I feel unsafe out here.  This is the 2nd UFO I have seen and unfortunately I have to pictures or videos to prove it, just the fact that my parents saw the first sighting and they strongly believe there was no possibility it was from this planet.  I’m now carrying a video camera in my car and will update this site if I capture or see anything else.  I hope my word and others will soon unveil the alien presence on earth.  P.S:  I just wrote this right after my 2nd incident with a UFO as seen above in my script;44.5724006666667;-123.272947333333
a shooting star that turned into a UFO;2008-11-13 18:00:00;1 minute;a shooting star that turned into a UFO I was driving near the Corvallis dump site, and saw what appeared to be a shooting star that flew right above the tree line of a hill. Then as I drove over the hill I realized that there was a floating object with 3 lights in the same direction the shooting star had gone. The object hovered ~400-500 ft in the air and was clearly visible from the road.  As I quickly drove past, I noticed that the light had disappeared.  There were other vehicles in front and behind me, which slowed down as they approached the light and sped up after they possibly assumed what it was.;44.5724006666667;-123.272947333333
