Triangle shape ufo changes shape to a regular airplane.;2013-09-01 21:00:00;>1 hour;Triangle shape ufo changes shape to a regular airplane. It was a Friday evening, my wife and I were going out to eat.  It was a Lil after 8.  As i turned on the Hwy I can see this bright object in the sky.  At first I thought, maybe it could a star, since the sun was beginning to go down it was not unusual to see the stars at this time. But as I continued to watch this object, I realized it was way to bright and sitting way too low. About that time my wife yelled at me to pay attention to the road and wanted to know what the hell I was staring at.  I pointed up to the bright object.  She immediately said, it's a plane, pay attention to the road.  As she continued to look at the object she said that maybe it was a star.  As I started to tell her that it was too low in the sky to be a star, she screamed out, Two separate lights fell out of it, two lights just came out of it and are circling around it!  I stole another glance at it just as the two other light sources sped away from the first object.  One of the smaller objects passed over head. It seemed to reach us in no time. The lights flashed differently than a normal plane, blinked a lot faster and looked like chasing lights around it almost glittery. As quickly as it passed overhead, it was gone and now, so was the first object we seen.  I couldn't wait to get home to tell my son(since he is skeptical bout things like this).  For the next few days, I caught myself looking for that object again.  I did see it again about a week later. I was at home and it was about 9 at night. I went inside and told my son. We both sat outside and watched.  As we watched, we observed several objects in the sky.  Some could be accounted for regular airplanes but others were different.  We can hear the airplanes as they passed overhead, but the other objects(some looking like planes but light colors were orange and green) we could not hear. We stayed watching for awhile, then we seen one that was lower and much bigger. I ran inside got my binoculars.  When i looked up through my binoculars, I clearly saw three lights in the shape of a triangle.  I could also see from the lights glowing off the bottom of it, that it was dark in color and smoothed.  I showed my son and as we watched, there was a huge ball of orange light that engulfed the front of the triangle.  The ball of light came on like an explosion at first(like not there on second then the entire front of triangle was surrounded with this light).  When the light faded out, it was no longer a triangle shape.  It now had the appearance of a regular airplane.  The lights moved and started flashing(although they were orange light), it now had wings.  It actually looked like an airplane. My son and I watched it as it passed overhead without it making any sounds.  Both of us didn't know what to make of it. I am not saying what i saw was a ship from another world, but I do know, that whatever it was that we saw, was something neither one of us have ever seen before outside of sci-fi movies.;30.2369;-90.8395
