A bright stationary light in the ski and physical abnormalities shortly later.;2003-07-11 02:00:00;15 minutes;A bright stationary light in the ski and physical abnormalities shortly later. Hello,  I am a 45 year old semi-retired computer guru of sorts. I do believe that we are not alone in this universe. To many events in the world's history as well as sightings around the world point to this fact.  My Envent: (Don't know if it is UFO)  Place: In Southeastern Oklahoma Approxiately 30 Miles north of the Texas border and 20 miles west of Durant Oklahoma, United States of America, I observed the following events.  Actual Event Description: On a whim I went outside my house and looked to the eastern sky. A bright light Not Bright White - more like cream in color was stationary in the ski. It was 10 - 20 times the size of a bright star. Compared with the width of my index finger held 1 foot from my face, the light was approximately 1/8 wide.  It was not moving from what I could tell as I continued to watch this light for some 15 minutes. The intensitive of the light stayed constant. My best unqaulified guess of altitude of this light was 3,000 - 5,000 feet based on aircraft flying at an altitude of 15,000 feet in the area.  During the observation of this stationary light in the ski, I said to myself, if you are an alien ship you are asked to land on my farm land, your are welcomed. I did not chuckle as I was serious.  Approximately 1 hour later and just after falling asleep in my bed, I was awakened by a quick jerk of my head to the right and some type of pressure was pushing down on my head with just enough force to cause me some panic and then the pressure rolled accrossed the right side of my head toward the top of my skull. It felt like a long loaf of bread was being dragged accross my head but with pressure against my head. This occurred over a very short period of time. What I estimate to be some 2 - 3 seconds and it felt real as if someone or something else was in the room with me. But, I was alone in my room. Shaking and chilled all over, I went back outside and there were clouds throughout the ski and I could not locate the light I had seen an hour earlier.  When this event occurred I did not have any unusual stressers in my life. I do not drink or take any drugs of any kind. Nothing. I do work at night as I sleep during the hot days of oklahoma.  I will look at the ski ever night from now to see if the light re-appears and will forward any other events of this type.  This is the first time I have ever seen a stationary light in the sky as such and never any spirit or ghostly occurances in my house. Although, this house was moved to this farm about 7 months ago.  Let me know if anyone else has ever reported any similar event.  Sincerely,  ((name deleted)) Madill, OK;34.0762;-96.7563
