3 red/orange glowing ball shaped objects pass through Knox County Ohio in a series;2011-08-27 21:05:00;~45-60 seconds;3 red/orange glowing ball shaped objects pass through Knox County Ohio in a series Address of our location – King Beach Drive, Apple Valley Lake, Howard, Ohio (Knox County).  Very rural area of Ohio.  No significant airports in the area.  No other aircraft seen in the area at the time. Our position – in back yard of residence seated looking generally westward.  Not totally dark yet but nearly.  Weather clear, low humidity day, light winds generally out of the west  Witnesses 4 adults ages 53, 51, 51, 50. Two male/Two female – All four of us with college degrees, one a city councilman, 2 males corporate business owners.  Myself – I am an engineer who worked for McDonnell Aircraft company for many years.  Well versed in historic and modern civilian and military aircraft as well as astronomy and meteorology.  This was unlike any explainable night flying object I have seen.  The creepy part is that it made no sound and there were 3 lights/objects in a series. Shape/Color of objects (3 of them) - and bright red/orange glowing color and seemed to be changing/flowing but not pulsating, nor were any specific lights seen on the object, ball like shape.  There were no typical aircraft lights seen (ie like the typical red green or white beams, beacons or strobes)  Event – occurred at ~21:05 eastern time 1.	Noticed bright light but still distant light coming into field of view off to our right front (Northwest) and assumed it to be an airplane of some type. 2.  Continue to observe increasingly brighter light and started to notice its shape and color (red/orange and seemed to be changing/flowing but not pulsating, ball like shape). 3.  Next noticed a second and then a third object appear the same shape size and colors.  All then appeared to be equidistant from each other, but one following the other ( ie 3 in a row). 4.  They continued to track to the south getting to a due west position from our vantage point.   At this point the 4 of us were rather mystified by the shape and color of the objects.  They made no audible sound either propeller or jet.  There was ~ 5-7 seconds of time between each object 5.	The objects continued to track due south and toward the southwest of our position until we lost sight of them behind trees.  General track of their travel seemed to be from north to south. 6.  Managed at the last minute to capture a cell phone photo of the third object before going out of our view (sending via email)   The objects traveled a steady pace/speed as would a light aircraft if following the same pattern.  The altitude basically level/constant the whole viewing.   Possible altitude of 4 – 6,000 feet.  Believe that distance from our position at closest to the west was between 1-2 miles.;40.4168;-82.3305
