Triangle;2001-12-15 22:30:00;passing;Coming home from a board meeting I saw a black triangle over a house in my neighborhood. I slowed, turned off my radio, rolled down my window - it was silent about the size of the roof of a standard 1,500 sq. ft. home. On each tip there was a dim light. The object was low. I was on a trip when a young man mentioned seeing a triangle-shaped ship in Columbia/Waterloo, Illinois. I hadn't mentioned my sighting, so I asked him questions and he described what I had seen. He was on Route 3 on his way to work. The timing was the same time of year. END PS: A couple who are friends of mine witnessed a giant ship over the Lake of the Ozarks along with their two sons. He stated that the ship was gian, cigar-shaped, silent and moved very slowly over the lake - they witnessed this from a balcony of the place where they were staying (hotel/condo?). They said that the ship slowly turned and then shot away at extraordinary speeds. Also, they said that some of the lights were intensely bright. Thank You for your service. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates approximate date.  We have assigned an arbitrary date above, to conform to the statement, Winter '01.  PD));38.7682410755146;-90.5551786041196
Large Triangular Shaped Object  with Orange Lights along to edges - no sound;2003-08-23 21:55:00;Aprox 30 seconds;Large Triangular Shaped Object  with Orange Lights along to edges - no sound I was setting in my hot tub watching the plane come into Lambert International as we are in the flight path about 10-15 miles from the airport.  This object was in Triangular form, large, I would estimate 400 feet across, flying lower than any plane, with orange lights along two of the Triangle's legs.  This was flying I would guess 300-400 Mph, but hard to guess as all other objects ( planes ) were much smaller. There were no planes nearby at all when this object appeared and was heading North East in the same direction as a plane would have if headed towards aiport.;38.7682410755146;-90.5551786041196
saw a triangle looking craft at 4:30;2004-08-30 04:20:00;about 30 seconds;saw a triangle looking craft at 4:30 at about 4:20 i was reading my magazine and i noticed that there was much fog,even though i could see the full moon brightly.i work night shift at a local trucking firm doing security.the guard shack faces south towards the hwy. out here.so you get the idea north is behind me and east is to my left and west is to my right.well i am used to seeing airplanes and jets over my area cause that is the route they take before they land in st.louis' lambert field.well like i said i was reading my magazine when this jet sound was coming over me....it started to get louder and louder and louder.i was thinking to myself how odd that a jet sound is getting louder...so i went outside the door which faces north,i looked up and low and behold this triangle shape plane was cruising right over me..about 40-50 mph i would say.it had white lights(two) on each tip of the wing.i noticed that on its underbelly it had 4 little  lights in diamond form.i was freaking out cause i have never seen such a sight.never.it looks heavy and strong if you can follow that.it looked like the bat plane they use now in the airforce which i guess it might have been all along but why would it be going north since i heard that scott's airforce base is way, way far south east of me in Ill.anyway i ran to my car and drove across the parking lot of my jobsite...to see if i can still see it.all i could see was its tail lights...thats what theylooked like to me...like red lights going across its tail...the red lights were on but they were pulsating.after that i called a radio station to see if anyone reported anything..nope,i called the localjack in the box,they didn't hear a thing.i called the local little airfield nearby,all i got was the answering service.afterwards i felt really wird like i saw something i wasn't supposed to...well i take that back, i reported something back in 98 on here as well...when i was living in corpus christi texas.what i saw there was a black plane with no lights and or sound.it was just gliding very fast.it looked like a b 25 liberator.that was at arounf 3 or 4 in the morning as well.;38.7682410755146;-90.5551786041196
Saint Charles sighting on highway 94;2007-03-01 12:00:00;3 minutes;Saint Charles sighting on highway 94 I was driving to work at about noon and a glare from the sky hit my eye.  It was relatively sunny, so it was a pretty strong glare.  I looked up and thought and saw something very metallic in the sky about 200 yards up.   At first I thought it was a Cessna or something, but it looked like a triangle with no bottom, and it had circular things across it.   I was driving about thirty miles an hour, just starring at it, knowing it was something weird.  It just sat there doing nothing. It was completely still about 30 seconds, then started moving away from me.  I couldnt just stop due to other cars, but I turned around on the highway.  Already late for my new job, I had to turn around and see what it was.  when i got to where it was it was nowhere in sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));38.7682410755146;-90.5551786041196
Black triangle motionless on southside of MO 370 just off of Discovery Bridge w/3 white & 1 red non-blinking lights.;2008-07-18 23:00:00;1 minute;Black triangle motionless on southside of MO 370 just off of Discovery Bridge w/3 white & 1 red non-blinking lights. Friday night, July 18th, around 11pm just south of the Discovery Bridge on Missouri Highway 370 in St. Charles County, Missouri. I was driving westbound across the bridge around 11pm on our way home. We had been in the car since 9am that day as we had left Panama City, FL after finishing a week's vacation there. That morning we (me, my wife, 2 sons and a neighbor boy we had brought with us) had all tried to guess what time we would arrive home that night. My oldest son had guessed 11:23pm and as we crossed the bridge around 11pm we were only 15 minutes from our house and it appeared he would win. As we passed the sign on the bridge saying Entering St. Charles County someone made the comment that the Missouri River looked weird. I looked up ahead and saw three white lights shining in the air just south of the highway up ahead. It appeared to be a large plane that was apparently travelling east on its way to Lambert airfield to land. It seemed to have one light on each end of its wing and one on the nose of the aircraft. Although I couldn't actually see the aircraft in the dark, the lights seemed unusually bright or powerful. For some reason I tried to get a rise out of the boys sitting in the backseat and I inexplicibly blurted out, If you think that's weird, look at those lights up ahead. It's a UFO! Immediately everyone yelled, Where? Then I told them I was only kidding, it was just a plane on its way to Lambert. As I said this I kept watching the object to see how big of a jet it really was because it seemed to be moving very slowly. The neighbor boy asked if those lights were on a lightstand because they weren't moving. I told him no, it was too high in the air for that but then I realized he was right: it wasn't moving.  The only reason the lights appeared to be moving was because we were approaching the object. As we came off the bridge, the object was absolutely motionless and appeared to be triangle shaped because the three lights were now marking the outline of a triangle. I would guess it was at the most about 500ft in the air. As we passed next to it (below it to the right of it), I kept glancing up at it and now! what I saw were a total of 6 white lights (the three marking the outline and three more at the midpoints) and one red light in the middle. The lights were not as powerful as we passed the object and none were blinking and somehow the object didn't look as big as it did when we were on the bridge. I started shouting, it IS a UFO! I wanted to pull over, but I was in the passing lane and couldn't get over to the exit. Amazingly all the cars were just driving by like everything was normal. Looking back though, it WAS very subtle and could have been easily missed. The object was absolutely still. No lights were blinking. It looked like headlights from a large plane and if I wouldn't have kept watching it after I made my UFO joke I would have missed it too. Everyone in the car saw the same thing, a black triangle outlined by three white lights and a red light in the middle. I was the only one who saw the three additional lights at the midpoints. The neighbor boy also saw only one of the midpoint lights. My youngest son thought there was a slight indentation in the rear of the craft. I didn't see this. It looked like a perfect equilateral triangle to me. That's the one thought that kept racing through my mind was how perfect a triangle it seemed to be. As we passed at the closest point, I could actually see some depth or height to the object too but it was essentially very flat. My oldest son tried to take a picture of it with his cellphone out of the rear window, but the headlights from the approaching cars behind us prevented him from finding it in his viewfinder.;38.7682410755146;-90.5551786041196
St. Charles, off MO-94 (Friedens Rd), three triangle shaped white lights hover above the road;2011-04-29 23:30:00;unknown;St. Charles, off MO-94 (Friedens Rd), three triangle shaped white lights hover above the road Last night, I was heading to a bonfire in St. Charles, off 70W and MO-94, and just as I pulled onto the dark street the directions were leading me to, I saw two bright white lights (I think the third was obscured) they were so far away from each other, they could easily be mistaken for stars, however they moved in sync with each other and hovered there straight above of where I was heading, very low to the ground.  The craft was huge!  I got scared and u-turned and didn’t look back.  I drove the 20 minutes home and called and told my friends I was too tired to go out--which wasn’t fun because I had really wanted to go to see my friend, R., who was in town just for one night.  The spaceship is the only reason I didn’t make it to the bonfire. I have had 4 or 5 previous sighting with this kind of craft.  It is a UFO to me because I don’t know what can hover like that and I have seen them zigzag through the night sky out of sight in a split second it could very well be a government aircraft, but since my government has not informed me of such things (as they should if they have them!) it may also be alien spacecraft.  I have seen one over the ocean in North Carolina that backed behind a cloud and came back (this was a GIANT black craft, still the three white lights on the ends---there was a government base nearby I know), one when I was traveling from Kansas to St. Louis down 70 E near Colombia (this looked exactly like the one from last night, except that when I first noticed it, there was a sort of spotlight coming from it I thought it was a soccer field spotlight at first, this one stayed with me on my drive down 70 for  a while), I have seen one at camp Zoe, MO (far off in the night sky and zigzags across in ! irregular patterns and then darted across to the right in less than a second.  This one looked different than the others and the lights looked like white-then-blue-then-red or a combination of the three colors, my guess for this is the far distance away the light were),  I briefly saw the red-blue-white lights in a triangle shape also on highway 70 going west about three years ago, (this one also disappeared very quickly). I would love to know what it is I am seeing these last three years.  I have only seen triangle-shaped with three lights on the ends.  I have reason to believe that each of them have a see-through hole directly in the middle of the triangle (my ex boyfriend saw one very close up in daylight).  I don’t want to be abducted but I also don’t want to be scared.  I always tell myself I will be brave next time I see them but I am not yet very brave when I am alone (like last night).   Hopefully, I will run into them with my boyfriend so he can see and also so we can be together if anything were to happen.  Optimistically, they are our friends in the sky that just want to say hello and see what going on with the humans these days.;38.7682410755146;-90.5551786041196
Numerous Triangular/Chevron shapes of white lights that pulsate every night for over 6 mo. They're hover exact same area & do not move;2012-08-01 20:00:00;Every Night, all night un;Numerous Triangular/Chevron shapes of white lights that pulsate every night for over 6 mo. They're hover exact same area & do not move I simply want to share that every night, during all dark hours, since August 2012 and longer, I have seen these very same triangular or possibly Chevron form of white lights.  They hover in the exact same locales in the atmosphere.  You see them every night, at any time of night.  They are in the exact same locales, and the lights at first seemed to be idle, then as I watched longer intervals of time each night, I noticed the lights seem to be slightly pulsing.. only enough to notice that they are actually pulsating.  Then, withing the last week, a few nights ago, I noticed they were blinking erratically.  Blinking at fast intervals.. they seem to be &quotaligned&quot in the shape of the &quotobject&quot and they seem to pulsate in a consecutive order. They seem to be at only a slightly higher level in the atmosphere as to what I see airplanes flying at night.  I've noticed airplanes flying in the lower vicinity of the atmosphere and wonder if they are noticing this as well.  As they seem to go right past the objects, yet at a lower level.  I've also wondered if there are satellites in the sky that send signals for towers and internet, etc.. yet I have no clue.. One thing I am sure of though, is that they've not been there forever. I was also curious if it could be some sort of lights for airlines as I live within 30-40 miles of the airport and the planes fly a bit lower in the atmosphere here. All said and done.. these objects &quothover&quot in an idle position, they never move and are in the exact same area of the atmosphere.. every night, all night they are visible due to their lights..  Ever since I had seen them blinking erratically a few days ago, they have continued to blink, or rather pulsate consecutively in a more noticeable and faster motion. I tried to find a patter in the numerous objects I am spotting, as they are very near to each other.. yet I can only see so far above the housing and trees.. Trying to see if I noticed them being all part of one larger pattern, yet I cannot see a pattern, One object seems to be alone, then I have seen three &quotsets&quot where two are very near to each other and both pulsating.  And then by one of these sets..  there is another one.. that really stands out in comparison to all of the others.. as if it is much, much closer in the atmosphere. I've tried to take photos, yet I only have a small personal camera and camera phone, and the lights all captured as a solid blur.  It is really starting to get to me, I am wanting to get captures of this and wishing I had a camera that could capture them. I've shown them to other family members after telling them about them.. to assure that I had not been seeing things.. and they admit to seeing these objects being visible to them in the same manner as they are to me. I am to the point that I want to go and rent a professional camera to try to capture them.  I want to show everyone what it is I am seeing every night for over half of a year now.. or longer.. They hover these areas every night, I can see them high in the atmosphere, when standing on the porch, or sidewalk or curbside in front of the house.  I look across the street above the neighbors house, and there is one always above the stack on their roof.   Then looking straight up from the sidewalk at curbside, facing the house, I see a &quotset&quot  with another one that is brighter and seems near to the set, yet lower in the atmosphere, then facing SW I see one above the trees in the backyard, and then more towards east, I see two more, then facing NW I see another one. The objects are, of course, as mentioned before, higher in the atmosphere than airplanes flying over, yet they are equally visible as the airplanes, if not more.. especially very recently, and since the past week or so, when noticing the lights beginning to pulsate more erratically. I'm anxious to be able to expose them to others, and wishing I had a camera to take photographs, that can capture them.. as I said, my family are seeing them as well.. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));38.7682410755146;-90.5551786041196
Triangular shaped UFo with 3 lights around it;2013-05-09 21:05:00;10 minutes;Triangular shaped UFo with 3 lights around it My Kids and I was driving along Highway 370 in St. Charles crossing the bridge entering into the St. Louis side of town.   As my kids and I were driving north bound of highway 370 we notice an airplane like object in the sky.  It seemed to us like it was coming toward us as we got closer to the object we notice that it wasn't moving at all it was hovering over toward the right side of the bridge.   It was only a few feet (5-8 feet) above the bridge,  It was a triangular looking spaceship with three distinct lights on each end of the UFO with five to six lights going across the back end of UFO, we also noticed that it was small like an helicopter but wasn't a helicopter. As we drove closer and closer to the object I opened up my sun roof to get a better look at the object it blend in with the sky and yes it was a UFO.   No doubt in mind I never believed anything such as this but I saw it with my own two eyes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.7682410755146;-90.5551786041196
Four orange lights, similar looking to candle flame or fire balls of some sort, in a triangular formation floating across the sky with;2014-04-01 20:30:00;3 minutes;Four orange lights, similar looking to candle flame or fire balls of some sort, in a triangular formation floating across the sky with one lagging.  They all kept up in the same speed in the same shape, they looked similar to Chinese lanterns but there's no way they could've kept up in that same formation.   The first two disappeared at the same time then the last two 20 seconds one after the other. I was not there to witness the following, but my boyfriend said before he called me outside to see it there was a first wave that disappeared before the second one that I am reporting now came along.;38.7682410755146;-90.5551786041196
Was 3 balls in traingle shape.;2014-07-04 00:00:00;5 minutes;Was 3 balls in traingle shape. Was 3 lights then went to two.was awesome.  They were like fireballs in triangle.  Was like at tree tops.really close.   I tried take pics and couldnt.then looked at phone and had one of the 2 balls.;38.7682410755146;-90.5551786041196
