Rod shaped appearance that in photos look more like double lights during daytime.;2010-07-13 10:30:00;5-10 minutes;Rod shaped appearance that in photos look more like double lights during daytime. My husband and I were on vacation with some friends.  We were in a separate vehicle following their vehicle.  We were driving towards Victor Idaho from the East.  As we were driving, I noticed a double rod shaped craft in the sky.  I kept watching it for a couple of minutes and it appeared to not be moving.  It was very bright.  I mentioned it to my husband to see what he thought about it and he also saw it.  I had my camera in my hand (as is my habit when I’m on vacation) and started snapping pictures through the front windshield.  As we got into Victor, we turned and were rerouted because they had the road closed temporarily (we were headed to the Grand Targhee ski resort to ride the lift)…when we finally got free of the trees and buildings, they were gone!  We texted our friends to see if they had also seen the ‘ufo’, but they had not seen it.   When we got back to the cabin that evening and uploaded the pix on our friends computer we were surprised to se! e that what appeared as ‘rods’ were actually double lights.;43.613;-111.1236
12:00am-Looking out bedroom window into backyard which was pitch black had heard what sounded like heavy blowing wind.  Saw a spotlight;2017-09-26 00:00:00;6 hours;12:00am-Looking out bedroom window into backyard which was pitch black had heard what sounded like heavy blowing wind.  Saw a spotlight come straight downward lighting up treetops.  Unable to see any craft due to top of roof being in the way.  Plus it was cloudy.  Then saw spotlight come from one part of the backyard shining across to the other side of back yard.  Then we witnessed all different kinds of lights floating from far out in the distance to pretty much in the back yard.   This occurred all night long.  While circular lights bouncing in mid air turning blue.  To a circular shape light bouncing from the back yard Toth e next lot next door turning into a beautiful gold shimmery ball all of a sudden disappear into nothing.  Lights were lighting up an entire row of trees in the far back lot.  Explosions of lights that are hard to explain.  Then around 5 or 530am the wind sound seemed to move away and both of us witnessed triangular crafts with red lights on the back floating up on the mountain side sometimes shining spotlight down on ground.  The two crafts seemed to join together and fly off.  It was an absolutely amazing night still hard for us to believe.  We stayed up the next night to see if we would witness the same thing and we did not.  The back yard was pitch black all nigh5 long!!!;43.613;-111.1236
