Acrobatics and in broad daylight over city.;2006-03-26 18:30:00;3 minutes;Acrobatics and in broad daylight over city. It hovered in the distance, above near-by tree line, and for the first moment I thought it was a blimp circling on a route around the university stadium.  It was about that size, and from the side it appeared to have an oval shape.  There was a flashing light to the right side, which went out of view as the object rotated.  The light was visible again as the object pitched so the apparent top was visible.  At this angle it looked like a Vinn-diagram, with three areas of the structure coming together at the middle.  These three areas were equally spaced, equal in size, and if the spaces between them were filled the perimeter would have been roughly circular.  The color was dark and slightly metallic, but overall blackish and in the southern sky versus the setting sun.  As the object continued to hover, it spun and also flipped over completely very slowly more than once, moving eastward and we though downward slightly.  At this point we discussed the possibilities of a stunt plane (a completely unfamiliar variety moving entirely too slowly), an RC disc (which typically would have had a limited range and would have been either enormous or easily distinguished), and a helium balloon in free fall (which would explain the manuevers but not the shape and apparent size at that distance).  The loss of altitude we determined to be an illusion as the object was becoming smaller and we observed it traveling away from us.  The object then rapidly decreased in size, moving very quickly away southward.  The altitude also changed as the object got further away  and apparently gained height.  We observed it until it was a barely visible dot in the distance.;29.6527104513063;-82.3629524940618
Black, seemed reflective, flowing object;2008-01-01 03:00:00;3-5 minutes;Black, seemed reflective, flowing object We saw what cannot be discribed!  It was almost like a creature or a conscious craft.  It did not seem manned.  It was definitely not a craft made by man, either.  It seemed other-worldly.  Almost could be an inter-dimensional traveling creature.  Almost could be described as the Grim-Reaper for lack of any real discription.  We all saw it.  I don't know if it was my friend, or someone else in the area, but here is the link to another sighting from this web-site. <http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/060/S60688.html>  It was not a hoax!  It was definitely a complex thing, whatever it was!;29.6527104513063;-82.3629524940618
((HOAX??))  Black triangular form-shifting mass spotted.;2008-01-01 18:30:00;3-5 minutes;Black triangular form-shifting mass spotted Me and my friends were outside talking in a parking lot and I saw something in the sky and pointed to it. I thought it was a cluster bomb or cruise missles at first until I saw the entity looked connected/swarming and to be composed of black triangles. We saw dull red lights blink on the perimeter of it and it seemed to change shape between a rotating triangular mass and then rectangular with imperfect corners. It flew silently and the sun was just setting so there was plenty of light and the sky was completely clear. It was as high up in the sky as a fighter jet and about the size of a football field. We tried to take a picture of it but it didn't show up on the phone. Triangular specks kept coming off of it and then would catch up to it as well. The mass hovered parallel to the horizon slowly and drifted off however relative to its size it was moving extremely fast. Another person I was with said it faded away at a much different time as I continued to see it with another person. It did resemble a balloon or parachute at times until it would break apart into a triangular pattern. I would estimate the entire mass was made of between 60-70 triangles. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax??  PD));29.6527104513063;-82.3629524940618
One fiery ball that grew into a crescent shape, then an apparent battle between 2 jets and a small craft.;2009-04-01 20:30:00;45 seconds;One fiery ball that grew into a crescent shape, then an apparent battle between 2 jets and a small craft. On the night in question, I was hiking on the Gainesville-Hawthorne Trail, a greenway that runs south of Gainesville east towards Hawthorne. I don't remember the exact date or time unfortunately at this point, but I do remember the sighting occured at the tail end of dusk, when stars were beginning to pop into the sky. As I was climbing a hill on the trail, I looked up to see some of the stars and planets coming out. This was almost directly east, as the trail in that section runs that way. As I glanced at some directly in front of me and straight down the trail, I noticed what appeared to be an explosion in the sky, in my peripheral vision, about 10-20 degrees to my right. The moon was in the sky, I think about 3/4 full, and it was a further ten or so degrees to the right. The object I saw was about a quarter of the moons diameter, I would reckon. The object, or the explosion, seemed to grow, or shift, at first, but then held a circular shape for about 5-10! seconds. After this time, wings seemed to grow or appear out of the top and bottom, again seemingly on fire, with many colors and stange flashes continuing within the fire. The wings formed with the original ball a crescent shape. If I had to guess its size, based on the distance I think it was from me, I would say 300-500 feet in length, from wing tip to wing tip. I don't quite remember exactly how the explosion/object/craft disappeared, just that it seemed to quite quickly. This particular object I saw in the sky for about twenty seconds in totality.  After the above object disappeared, I saw a second event about one or two seconds after, and about three degrees to the left in the sky. Two lights, which seemed to be obvious jets of human design, were flying quite fast in what I would consider to be combat manuevers. Working seemingly in concert they both were performing roll after roll, never stopping turning, and seemingly at full speed. The distance from me to them was great enough that I could not hear them, but despite the many turns, they were moving left across my vision, that is north, at a good clip. As I watched them in wonder, for as I said I noticed them first directly after and adjacent to the strange object above, I noticed a much smaller light, so small I didn't see it at first. This light appeared to be a tiny craft, and it was flying in between the two jets, seemingly dodging or fighting with them. For all intents and purposes, it appeared what I was watching was a battle. This battle continued and ran, as! I said above, left and north across my vision. I was only halfway up a hill while watching all this, and the craft, all three of them, slipped behind some trees. I ran the rest of the way up the hill to try to see the encounter, but I never saw anything strange again that night, or since. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));29.6527104513063;-82.3629524940618
