Very large aircraft, moving at 30 knots, at about 2500 feet, rectangular in shape.;2006-04-05 01:00:00;5 minutes;Very large aircraft, moving at 30 knots, at about 2500 feet, rectangular in shape. It was a very clear night, no clouds in the sky, full moon and the temperature was in the mid 50's F.  We were standing on the back porch looking at the stars.  A few small planes were flying in the distance, we could see and hear them clearly.  Also, routine commercial flights were flying to the north of us.  Then, over the trees, coming from the north, flying in a southernly direction was an object.  I put it between 2000 and 3000 feet in altitude.  It looked like a Motorola Slvr phone.  It was black, blacker then the night.  It also had two orbs of light, one on it front underside, and back underside. the front light was white, the back blue.  The lights were odd, more orbs than the bright points normally seen on aircraft.  The also did not blink.  They did not turn off or blink.  It moved very slow, maybe 30 knots.  It took a long time for it to travel over us and down its flight path.  It also wasn't oriented in a direction a normal plane would be in.  It flew with it's smaller sides oriented to the front and back (meaning, it had no wings).  There was also no sound from it, even though it was directly above us.  It was big.  It's length was like a C-5 Galaxy or B-1B. It's width little less than half its length. Large Aircraft Very Low No Sound  At the speed and alt. it was flying at, only a helicopter could mimic it. If a helicopter was flying that low, we would have heard it, and felt it. It also would have been the world's biggest helicopter, too. If it was a regular aircraft, it would have had to have been flying at a great altitude for it to appear to move slowly to us. And if it was flying at 50,000 feet, its actually size would have been like a mile long. I know a lot about planes. I know what all (known) modern American Air Force planes look like and can easily identify them. This was bizarre. I didn't see it in a box down there, but I wouldn't mind an email back with information regarding other sigthings similar to this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));29.6527104513063;-82.3629524940618
If it was a meteor, it was very strange, slow and large????;2011-04-29 22:05:00;15 sec.;Went out to the porch of my 3rd floor condo to smoke a cigarette and the first thing that I saw far away in the distance (hard to judge how far since it was night-time) was the greatest falling object I have ever seen in my life.   The strange thing is that the object was rectangular.   Coming down from a NW toward the NE direction at a very shallow angle +/-140degs.    The rectangular shape was not thinnest in the direction of travel, but perpendicular to it.   The object was engulfed in white flames while yellow flames just streaked off from behind.  You could tell that small fragments were braking off from it.   I immediately waited for a big bang, but it never happened.  I take this to mean that the object was very far away even though it seemed close because of its large size.   Probably fell in the Atlantic close to Jacksonville???   I logged-in a 911 call in Alachua County, Fl.  If it was a meteor, it was very strange, slow and large????;29.6527104513063;-82.3629524940618
The object hung suspended in the sky, a huge rectangle, at a diagonal angle.  Dark grey in color with dull green lights at the points.;2014-03-14 21:00:00;2 minutes;The object hung suspended in the sky, a huge rectangle, at a diagonal angle.  Dark grey in color with dull green lights at the points. I go out running almost every night.  On this particular night, I was so hungry, I had a pretty decent sized sandwich a short while before going out.  This wasn't the best decision I've ever made, but it lead to the sighting of this massive UFO.   During one portion of my run, my stomach cramps became too much.  I stopped at a bus stop bench to take some deep breaths.  After a few moments of sitting there, the street light beside the bench unexpectedly went out.  Jokingly, I saw this as a sign that I should continue walking.  I was near the University of Florida campus, walking right in front of the Law School Library, which is usually open 24 hours and always lit.  This building too was completely dark.  Finding this strange, I continued walking. As I walked forward along the sidewalk, a fairly small plane flew over head, but very close.  Closer than any plane I'd seen flying before.   Again, I found this strange and as I continued walking I realized that I had seen numerous planes in the sky that night and had thought it weird.  Up until this point, I wasn't thinking anything supernatural, just that strange occurrences continued to happen. To my left after the Law Library, is where the University has it's tennis courts.  All of the lights for the tennis court were on.  As I passed by they turned off at the same time, and at this point I started getting a little freaked out.  I began jogging again despite the pain in my stomach.  As I continued forward along the road, there was a gap in the trees as I noticed something out of the corner of my eyes that I found strange. It could have been the wings of a plane, but they were diagonal in the sky, something you never see with planes, and it was much too large.  Intrigued, I stopped and looked at it straight on. It was a massive rectangle structure that looked as if it were completely thin. It was a dark gray color that made it hard to see it against the dark blue back drop of the sky. Around it's edges it was a darker black. On the points of the object, there were dull glowing green lights (which had added to my initial thought that it could have been airplane wings).  This thing was pretty low - lower than any aircraft (but not as low as the previous airplane I'd seen that night), and it was diagonal against the sky. When I stopped to pay attention to it, it seemed as though it were moving toward me but when I made eye contact with the thing, it just stopped and hovered. Silently. I heard all the regular noises around me, but nothing came from this massive object.  As I watched it, it moved in such a strange motion, it's hard to describe with words. It didn't seem to have any dimension, but it moved as if it did. It kind of turned in on itself and turned toward another area of the sky and quite easily began to make it's way forward. In relation to the University of Florida campus, it was near the stadium.  It flew in the sky with the ease you would see a river flowing. It was so natural. There were some tree coverage so as it moved toward where I wouldn't be able to see it, I sprinted. I ran to another portion of the sidewalk with a clear view of the sky. But when I was finally able to see, the thing was gone.  It had flown with a speed that I have never seen. With no noise. And it was an object that made no sense to be up in the sky like that. It could only have been an alien space craft or government weapon. Who knows.;29.6527104513063;-82.3629524940618
