For about 5 minutes  I watched an odd shaped  object in the sky over the city of Carson, Ca, that was then chased by 4 Military jets.;1978-07-01 17:30:00;5 Min;For about 5 minutes  I watched an odd shaped  object in the sky over the city of Carson, Ca, that was then chased by 4 Military jets. I just got off work and stopped at my folks house in Carson California to pick up my son. Carson is about 18 miles south of down town Los Angeles. It was about 5:30 PM on a weekday in July in 1978 or 79. My folks house is in the suburbs with curbs, gutters and alot of homes.  As I pulled up in front of the house an old friend pulled up accross the street to see his family. We stood on the sidewalk talking. It was a perfectly clear afternoon with a strong breeze, no clouds and a real blue sky. A blue sky is very important to me. There were several kites flying real high in the sky. As we were talking I noticed that one of the kites was very high. I point out how high it was to my friend but he looked and didn't see it. He always had bad eyesite so I just let it go. While talking I kept looking up at this one kite. It didn't act like a kite. It didn't bounch around in the sky like a kite, it just stayed still in one spot. Then it quickly came down lower. I told my friend the string must have broke. He looked but still didn't see it. Then the kite starts moving from spot to spot in the sky. It moved real fast. I said to my friend this isn't a kite. Then I noticed it kept changing colors. It changed from light gray to dark gray, almost black. My friend still doesn't see it. Then it hit me, this is a balloon. It's a silver gray balloon that is not fully filled and the wind causes it to change shape and the dark color is really shadows on it. Then it dropped down lower and I could see it. It was not a kite or a ballon. This flying thing was about 1500 feet above Carson High School and I'm about 1/4 mile south of the school. The sun is in the west and I'm looking north. I can see it clearly. It was not as long as a fighter jet but was wider. It made no noise or so little I couldn't hear it. This thing is 3 sided. Best way to discribe it is if you took a football and cut it in half from end to end. Now throw the bottom away and just use the top half. Now flaten out the sides so they meet at a ridge on top.The sides and bottom are not flat but slightly convexed. So this thing has a bottom and 2 sides with a slightly pointy front and rear where the sides and bottom come together. It was odd shaped. It is mostly a shinny gray. There are no windows or joint lines that I could see. There are no visible lights but there are light and dark gray lines that move from end to end along the sides and along the bottom. These lines look like gray bar codes that randomly move quickly and slowly from end to end. That's why it looks like it changes from light to dark and also seems to have shadows at a further distance. So here is this shinny gray thing rippling with gray bar code lines in plain site and my friend can't see it.  He's squinting and I'm pointing to no avail. Then it takes off straight up and out of site. About 10 seconds latter it comes back. This time it is a little lower then before and a little clearer to see. My friend can't see it. I can't believe he can't see it. Half of Los Angeles has got to be looking at this thing. It is in sight for about 30 seconds slowly turning from side to side. Then again it goes straight up and again out of site, never to be seen by me again.  5 to 10 seconds later I saw 4 military type fighter jets fly over Carson and go straight up in the air after it with after burners roaring. There was no way they were ever going to catch this thing, it was far faster then the jets. I ask my friend did he see the jets? He said he did. I watched this thing for about 5 minutes.  I checked the paper and watched the news for days but nothing was ever reported. Haven't seen my friend in many years, bet he probably still thinks I'm crazy and until about a year ago, I had my doughts. Why did the military and apparently only myself see this thing? I think my daughter unknowingly figured it out. She is an artist, a painter, she mixes and creates colors for her art. I have blue gray blindness. I only see certain shades of blues and grays. Most of the time, I only see grays. To me, the sky is mostly gray with a hint of blue on occasion and only on a few days out of the year do I see a bright blue sky like the day in question. While talking to my daughter, she said that I am missing alot by not seeing the different shades of blues in the sky. Then it hit me. It's not only what I don't see, it's also what I do see. This thing in the sky, it wasn't gray it was probably blue and the bar code lines, they were probably shades of blue not shades of gray. This thing could camouflag itself to the sky. That's why my friend and everybody else couldn't see it when it was in front of them. The military saw it with radar. I saw it because its camouflag colors fell outside of my color spectrum because of my blue gray blindness. Maybe on a grayer day for me I wouldn't have seen it. Its grays to me would have blended together to a camouflag but on this day with a bright blue sky, it stuck out like a soar thumb. Over the years I've learned not to talk about the stuff I see in the sky like this thing and the other stuff because people do look at you like your crazy. On this day I know what I saw and it was real. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date in July 1978 is approximate.  PD));33.8494886718748;-118.2619953125
Reddish object produced flashes of light, discharged a gaseus material, dissappeared, reappeared and dissapeared again.;2005-01-29 01:00:00;3-5 minutes;Reddish object produced flashes of light, discharged a gaseous material, dissappeared, reappeared and dissapeared again. I have witnessed at least 15 unidentifiable objects since 2000. All have had similar characteristics but no other definition than they look like stars. What has made these objects unique to other things in the sky is either their sudden appearance and dissappearance, pulsing or flashing light sources and even their movement.  I will however will post my last sighting as I can still remember the details of what happened that night better than other times and wish to not use any more space discussing them on this post. (I promise, I will see more). )  It was between 1:00 am and 1:10 am when I was outside of my house staring up at the sky. It was then when I noticed something awkward in the sky south of my visual point. The sky was as clear as it could be in this suburban neighborhood when I noticed an object glowing brighter. This object looked very much like a star, but I caught the fact that it wasn't there a few seconds or minutes before actually noticing that it was not part of the sky map that I had in my current working memory.  What kept my interest in observing it as I mentioned in the paragraph above was that this thing was glowing in slightly faster pulses than a regular star. It slightly moved vertically, came to a pause and then for some even odder reason, it looked like it dropped (or spilled) sometype of gaseus or liquid material the same color as this star.  I wish I could say it was a trail of its movement, but this stuff came out of it after it was stationed for a few fractions of a second.  This thing was reddish in color, in fact it was similar to Mars but much brighter. When this fluid or gaseus like substance spilled, I became slightly nervous thinking that it could have been a supernova.  Immediately as I heard my father coming towards the door, I called him to run out as quickly as possible to witness this thing with me.  He made it on time to see the remaining activity.  The gaseous dropping was gone, but the object remained, however the pulses began to accelerate.  As we were watching these flashing pulses, the object either began to drift away or shrink. Nevertheless, I can agree with anyone that it was fading away, and it did until there was no visual of it. We did not remove our eyes for not even five approximate seconds when this object began reappearing in the same position that it dissappeared in. The light from the object began to increase in brightness or size (or both) again. The flashes returned until it reached it's approximate original size, and seconds later it gradually began to dissappear again.  This was not the first sighting I have had. This is also not the first sighting I have had with the company of a witness either.  I cannot draw any conclusions or judgements that this object was any type of spacecraft, however, this and others similar that I have witnessed hold no other place than to be anomolies of some sort, or they can be purely a perceptual construct of something entirely natural.  It is very easy to say that compared to any airplanes, helicopters, fireworks, meteors, comets, flare guns, or any other objects I have seen these sightings I've had separate themselves from anything else I have seen that's logically explainable. This last object like the others was much higher and brighter than other areal objects for its distance.  The stationary positions and their slow movement separate them from things I am accustomed to see in the air as well.  My background is fairly simple. I am a 32 year old hispanic male. I live in the city of Carson. My hobbies are amateur radio, programming, networking, and Unix operating system hobbyst. I work as System Administrator, and a computer engineering major at Devry University. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));33.8494886718748;-118.2619953125
