Strange lights in night sky over Bellevue, WA on 02/25/02 -- a craft?;2002-02-24 23:00:00;4 hours;Strange lights in night sky over Bellevue, WA on 02/25/02 -- a craft? Location:  Bellevue, WA Time: 11:15 PM 02/24/02 to 3:10 AM 02/25/02 11:15 PM I stood outside on my front porch and saw in the western sky what appeared to be 2-3 stars grouped together.  I was alone.  It caught my attention as unusual.  As I watched, it changed back into what appeared to be one star.  It wasn't as if the lights merged it was as if some lights were shut off.  Next it appeared to be a regular, but bright star with a thin X light shine pattern coming out of it.  Went back to the ball shape.  An arm of light appeared to project off of it, making it look kind of like a long, thin arrow.  The light didn't appear to be projected, but again as if it were turned on.  A few times there appeared to be a gap between the arrow tail (the ball) and the shaft of the arrow.  It was moving in a northerly direction, but very, very slowly.  The arrow seemed to point easterly.  There was no noise, and the light appeared to be quite high up, but I don't know, as the light was all I could see (no outline of any shape).  The ball part of the light looked about the size and intensity of Venus in the night sky.  There was a very, very faint aura of light around the object.  I phoned my son to ask him to go view it, but he had company, he said it was probably a satellite, and he refused to go look. 11:15 PM As at the first sighting, the look of this object wasn't constant it changed.  A few times it appeared to project a very thin green X light pattern off of the ball of light.  The shaft of the arrow would appear and disappear.  At times there appeared to be a red light at the tip of the arrow.  At times it appeared to project thin green lights that gave it a diamond shape, with one tip of the diamond being at the ball and the other tip being at the end of the shaft. 11:54 PM It appeared much the same as 11:15 PM.  It had moved higher in the sky (more easterly).  I could see it moving, but the movement was very slow. 2:20 AM Still fluctuating between showing the different light patterns as described above, mostly appearing as a star-colored ball with a shaft of light from it.  It wasn't like a searchlight being projected, but like lights being turned on.  Still quite close to the same location as 11:54. 3:10 AM The object had moved way off to the north and was quite a bit lower in the sky than at 11:35.  At this point the lights appeared to be pulsating.  The ball was red, and the shaft was green, then they would trade colors.  There didn't appear to be a set rhythm to the color changes.  After this, I went to bed. At each observance, I watched the object for approximately ten minutes, but it was close to 30 degrees on my front porch (facing west), so I couldn't stay outside long. At noon today there appear to be some clouds -- fanned con trails? -- that have strange patterns to them... then don't sweep straight across the sky like a con trail, but curve.  They are close to where I saw the object, almost tracing the object's path, but lower.;47.6054302777778;-122.173818055556
Multi colored object, split into 3 lights, then split into 2 white lights northwesterly of Mercer Island, WA;2005-01-10 18:45:00;15 minutes;Multi colored object, split into 3 lights, then split into 2 white lights northwesterly of Mercer Island, WA At around 6:45pm this evening I was outside on our porch smoking a cigarette, looking into the western sky towards the Seattle area. I noticed an unusual star, or so I thought at first. After watching this 'star' for about a minute, I noticed it moving in a southeast direction at a very slow speed. I could see with my naked eye, several different colors flashing, so I thought it must be an airplane of some sort at a fairly high altitude. I am very knowledgeable regarding aircraft, since I am a licensed commercial pilot and former flight instructor. This 'aircraft' did not appear to be moving at a steady rate of speed. After watching this 'thing' for several minutes, it suddenly split into 3 different and distinct lights. I could not make out what exact shape they were, and at this time I called for my wife to bring out the binoculars. She quickly came out with them and I focused them as quickly as possible. By the time I got them adjusted, the three lights became only one, with the same blinking. We watched this 'thing' for the next 15 or so minutes, me looking through the binoculars and my wife with only her eyes, it suddenly split into 2 distinct lights, one white light shooting straight into the atmosphere, the other white light shooting in a northerly direction. The rate of speed could not be calculated, but it was only a matter of maybe a couple of seconds before the objects were both out of sight. No noise was heard, and I suspect the objects were many miles away and at an altitude again, that could not be judged, but it was most likely above 18,000 feet. The sky at this time was clear, and the big dipper could be observed to our northeast direction.  Other stars were visible also. We then went back inside to eat dinner, and around 730pm I went outside to see if this 'star' was still in the general vicinity, but, of course, it was gone. I've been flying since 1975, hold a commercial license with single engine, multi engine, seaplane, and CFI-II ratings. I know what we observed was not any known aircraft.;47.6054302777778;-122.173818055556
Orange shape shifting object in the sky over seattle skyline.;2005-07-09 22:30:00;5 minutes;Orange shape shifting object in the sky over seattle skyline. Basically, me and my buddy were driving home and we saw this crescent object in the sky. It was a red-orange color and it began to change shape.  We stopped in the middle of the road and suddenly it started to move while it was changing shape slowly.  We drove as fast as we could so we could get a view of it as it had gone behind a few trees.  In between the trees, we could see it again but this time it was a perfect circle.  By the time we got to the bottom of the hill, it was gone.  We drove back home and parked the car and looked around some more.  We didn't see it anymore, but we saw a very small orange light up in the sky suddenly, and as soon as it was there, it was gone.  Thats when something shot across the sky at incredible speeds.   Me and my buddy didn't know what was going on or if we had just imagined it, but what really makes this crazy is I got to work today and a coworker was telling his friend the exact same crap and I ran up to him and told him I saw it too.  So I just had to report this.  If anyone else saw this please report it!;47.6054302777778;-122.173818055556
((HOAX??))  Multiple (5+?) Unidentified aerial phenomenon in Bellevue, WA.;2014-11-02 19:00:00;10 minutes;Multiple (5+?) Unidentified aerial phenomenon in Bellevue, WA. My friend and I were at the the park.  It was nearing dusk.  Sun setting at approximately 20 degrees to the horizon.  I notice a white light orb fly from left to right into a long thin cloud (the cloud almost looked like a contrail).   I expected it to fly out the other side of the cloud as an airplane would.  But it did not but in fact remained hidden in the cloud for a moment, then exited, but from the opposite direction!  It flew left and out of view for a moment then came back to the right and flew a little higher and was just then hovering above the cloud.   My friend and I and I began taking pictures and video with our phones and we noticed the object is pulsating almost like a giant strobe light in the sky, but a slightly irregular pattern.  A moment later three other white orbs of light appear and are hovering there in place (So there are now four orbs that are just hovering in place above this odd looking cloud) and one of the newly arrived orbs (the one furthest right and lowest in the sky) just all of a sudden lets out a huge flash of light and then those three just disappear as quickly as they came, leaving the original one remaining.  It then slowly flew to the left and out of view again.  This was the end of the sighting which whole thing lasted about ten minutes (I have the last 5 minutes on video).   When I did check the video I was amazed to find that only the first white orb was captured by the phone camera (and only for a few moments otherwise it is apparently cloaked from video recording but not the human eye).  I was also very surprised to discover, on the video footage, much larger grey objects, moving at impossible speeds, that are shape shifting as they zoom across the view.  I had to play the video back frame by frame just to do a screen capture and there is at least one,  I would say school bus sized grey craft that seems to have two large lights on the back and maybe a light aura around it.  This object was completely invisible to my friend and I as we were witnessing the white orbs.  I would be interested in having a scientist examine my video to tell me approximately how fast this craft is flying.  Also none of the objects made any sound whatsoever… ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information, so we are unable to provide him with the information he requests.  PD));47.6054302777778;-122.173818055556
