A huge Globe-shaped object is seen at very high altitude-stationary and soundless in the hazy, evening sky of late summer;1989-09-06 19:00:00;20-25 sec.;A huge Globe-shaped object is seen at very high altitude-stationary and soundless in the hazy, evening sky of late summer Early evening, in the late summer. Clear sky, no clouds. Returning from walking to a store in old Bellevue, I look up as several airliners, having departed Sea-Tac Airport, one-by-one climb out and turn right over the city. Though there is a high, evening haze, and their altitudes estimated to be between 6,000 and 7,000 feet, the aircraft are sharp in outline and therefore easily identified as to type. (that is they are not so high that the haze obscures detail). Another flies over. I glance up, but in an instant see something else. Something so unlike anything I have seen in the skys, that I do a double-take. For there, hanging stock still and silent, high-- very high in the haze, so high that only vague detail can be seen--is a huge, globe-shaped object! Perhaps pale yellowish-green, or a light copper color--dificult to tell through that haze. And, while in general it is a ball, the surface appears to be composed of a number of adjoining planes: either triangular in shape or rectangular, or perhaps some other geometric figure, or maybe all three. Again due to the altitude and haziness, I am not sure. In addition, some of the planes appear to protrude beyond their neighbors.  Staring at the object for perhaps 20 to 25 seconds, I wish that I had my binoculars (I'd gladly have given a $50 bill to've had 'em with me). Then--Why not? I'll run home, grab them, rush back and have a real llok-see! Shaking my finger at the thing and shouting, Stay there. Don't go 'way. I'll be right back!, of I dash. Arriving againat the spot, huffing and puffing after the four-block round trip, I look, but alas--see nothing. Even searching all about several times with the binocs reveals only empty, hazy sky. It is gone, dammit!  I return to the location, at the same time, for two successive evenings, thinking that perhaps I had actually seen a giant satellite of some kind. But, nothing is there. No, I did not see a satellite what I did see (though ever so briefly) was a gigantic USO-- Unidentified Stationary Object--bigger than a football field. Heck, bigger even than the stadium, itself! It may have been 500 to 700 feet, or perhaps much greater, in diameter furthermore, at an altitude of at least 30,000 to 40,000 feet, it looked to be about the size of a dime when held at arm's lenth. Yet, at such a height therefore, so far up in the haze, I could still just make out htos adjoining and interlocking planes which made up its surface. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  The witness is well known to us, and we consider him to be highly credible.  PD));47.6054302777778;-122.173818055556
Glowing orb/sphere over Bellevue Washington;1993-08-10 20:30:00;10 sec;Glowing orb/sphere over Bellevue Washington I am not inclined to believe in alien aircraft and have a great amount of skepticism as to their existence. HOWEVER, after watching the ABC special last night about UFO's, I decided to find a website where I could report something that has always mystified me so that I could at least get it on record.  I'll be perfectly honest and say that I'm not sure if it was in the summer of 1992 or 1993, it's been so long ago, but I'm pretty sure it was 1993. What I do remember was that it was an August night in the middle of the week, perfectly clear skies, about 8:30-9:00pm, and I was driving home to my in-laws house in Bellevue. I had just turned off the 405 freeway and turned west (right) on SE 8th street. As you drive west on SE 8th, there is a large hill--perhaps 500 feet in elevation--that is about one square mile in diameter with many homes, etc, and on the top of the hill, which you cannot see from the road, is a high school.  As I was driving, I noticed a huge, luminescent orb--a glowing sphere--that seemed to be floating just above the crest of the hill. I would venture a guess that it was the easily the size of two football fields, and its glow wasn't like the glow of the moon but seemed, rather, to be illuminated from within. It was perfectly symmetrical, perfectly silent, with a smooth surface. It was so large, in fact, that I am almost certain it must have been seen by others. But again, there is a track and, I think, high school football stadium on top of the hill, so perhaps many people dismissed it as the lights from that. All I can tell you is, as a verified skeptic of these sorts of things, I was truly amazed at the sight: a completely silent (at least I didn't hear anything from my car with the windows down), glowing sphere that just appeared to be floating just above the horizon of the hill.  I was so mystified by the sighting that I drove up the hill (I can't recall the name of that particular neighborhood in Bellevue) to see if I could get a better look. As I neared the base of the hill, of course, it fell out of my line of vision, and I had to drive around the base of the hill in order to go up it--there is no access to the hill from SE 8th. It probably took me 3-4 minutes to get to where I determined the sphere/orb was, and it was gone (naturally).  I must have driven around for ten minutes, to no avail. I told my wife about it as soon as I arrived home, and we both agreed that it sounded very strange. But, like many of these sorts of things (and perhaps like many of the reports on here), eventually the incredulity of it all made me simply let it go, and I've just always chalked it up to an inexplicable phenomenon. But, in all fairness, I thought it only right to report it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));47.6054302777778;-122.173818055556
White glowing sphere flying low in sky, right in front of me. Two other witness saw cigar and triangle craft same time, same direction.;1996-05-01 20:00:00;2 minutes;White glowing sphere flying low in sky, right in front of me.  Two other witness saw cigar and triangle craft same time, same direction My UFO Sighting — to submit to UFO hotline Peter Davenport  Bellevue, WA. 8-9PM on a beautiful clear spring evening in 1996.  I am alone in the car, driving home, going up a hill about 100 yards from my house.  Coming from the dense woods on my left, skimming the tops of the trees, is a large ball of white light.  It slowly, and leisurely glides  through the air right in front of my vehicle in a long arc.  That eery feeling of time slowing down came over me. As I watched it pass in front of me, I marveled at how beautiful it was, and how like the particular quality of light it emitted, similar, I thought, to the white glow of Saturn that I had had the privilege of seeing through a telescope so tall I had to climb a ladder up to the eyepiece. It was dazzling, and so was this.  I was not afraid, just fascinated. The glow of the sphere backlit my two-story house as it passed over and then behind the roof, in a trajectory that appeared to end in my backyard. Landed, I could not say, just that the glowing light extinguished. I parked hurriedly  in the driveway, and ran inside to greet my husband. I announced: “A UFO just landed in our backyard — would you please go take a look?” Startled, he collected himself then took my hand as we walked upstairs to look out a window at the backyard. We saw only darkness. The next morning, we examined the yard, and that of the neighbor, but see no indications of anything unusual. Here is the most curious thing about my sighting — I wasn’t the only one to see it, but I was the only one who saw a glowing sphere. Two friends both saw a UFO at the same time, in my approximate vicinity. We three had all attended an event and left at the same time. Soon after my husband and I had dared to peer out the window, the phone rang. It was Friend A excitedly telling me she had seen a UFO cross in front of her vehicle, and it looked like it was going to go right over my house. It was a cigar shaped craft. Had I seen it? Her phone rang, so she hung up to answer it. She soon called me back to tell me that the call was from Friend B who told her she had seen a triangle-shaped craft with lights, at the same time, going from left to right, and they compared notes. Had we each seen a UFO, at the same time, in the same vicinity, going in the same direction? Perhaps so, but it looked like a glowing sphere to me, a triangle lighted craft to one, and a cigar-shaped craft to ! the other. Or was it the same craft? What I saw was flying low, just skimming the tall Douglas firs with a trajectory that took it low over my rooftop that ended behind my house. Perhaps that trajectory had begun, much higher in the sky, crossing the paths of those two friends first, then continuing right over to me, if a descending arc which ended behind my house. If so, this object was quite the chameleon!  Alternatively, was it group of UFO’s? Were three objects out and about that night? If so, that would be an interesting grouping, and I wonder if there are any reports of a glowing sphere sighted with triangular and cigar shaped crafts. All in all, my sighting was one of those moments I shall never forget.  I feel privileged to have been a witness to it. ((NUFORC Note:  The source of this report is a well-known, and popular, radio broadcaster and celebrity.  We consider to be highly reliable, and an excellent witness in every respect.  PD));47.6054302777778;-122.173818055556
SMALL SPARKLY WHITE SPHERICAL UFO--CLOSE PROXIMITY TO HOUSE 2AM 4 JANUARY 2005 SILENT;2005-01-04 02:00:00;2 minutes;SMALL SPARKLY WHITE SPHERICAL UFO--CLOSE PROXIMITY TO HOUSE 2AM 4 JANUARY 2005 SILENT Location:  BELLEVUE, WASHINGTON, 2am JANUARY 4, 2005 NEAR CROSSROADS MALL  At about 2am, on January 4, 2005, I was awoken by a bright light outside my large bedroom window.  This light appeared to be a white, glittering (like a hand-held sparkler firework) spherical-shape and about twice the size of a basketball.  It was about 30 feet off the ground, and parallel to my window (on 2nd story of house), maybe two feet from my window.  I did not approach the window, but stared at the light from my position in the bed. This light was on the western side of the house, which sits at the crest of a hill and looks towards downtown Bellevue and Lake Washington, beyond that.  There are tall pine trees in the backyard, and the light was between a pine tree that is close to the house (maybe 10 feet from the window) and the window.  So, whatever this was, it had to maneuver around many trees to take up the location close to my window.   It made absolutely no sound, but was not menacing or frightening in any way. The light suddenly disappeared after about 2 or 3 minutes. I have since moved from that house, but lived there until 2007.  That light re-visited the same location at least three other times, always between 2am and 4am, between this first event in January 2005 and May 2007. One daytime UFO event did occur at the same house, around 4pm on/about May 19th, 2005, when a round, small, red-orange orb floated across the sky, being chased by a seagull.  The gull would try to grasp it, and the object would move away from it. I observed them for  a few minutes, as they moved above adjacent yards, then, above mine, and eventually above our cul-de-sac.  They were maybe 50 feet above the ground.  The orb was reddish-orange, and had a non-reflective, matte, surface. It had darker, circular spots on it.  I initially thought it might be an escaped red party balloon, but it was too round, and did not appear to have a valve/place where air would have been put into it and no tie, no string, no irregularity to the roundness.  It was about the size of a basketball. Suddenly, both the gull and red orb disappeared, in the middle of a large open area above our street. I thought I must have blinked and they changed direction and headed behind some trees, but they could not have traversed the distance to the trees in a heartbeat, and I did not see them beyond or between the trees.  This frightened me so much, I went indoors and went up to the second story to look out the window for them, for awhile, but never saw them again. They truly just seemed to have vanished!;47.6054302777778;-122.173818055556
As I was pulling into my driveway, I got out of my car and noticed a bright spherically shaped orb up in the sky, moving at a slow rate;2008-04-23 10:03:00;2 minuted;As I was pulling into my driveway, I got out of my car and noticed a bright spherically shaped orb up in the sky, moving at a slow rate of speed from the south to the north, at a speed similar to that of a Cessna puddle jumper.   As it moved, it created no sound.   As the object was moving north, it became very bright, and about two seconds later, it returned to its original brightness.  It then proceeded North and veered off in the North-East direction, and I couldn’t see it any longer because the trees were in the way.   Unfortunately, I didn't have my camera on me so I couldn't take a picture of it, but the object looked very similar to the one on the front page of ufocenter.com.   I am referring to the MACKEY, INDIANA, ON FRIDAY, JULY 04TH, 2008, 21:25 HRS. (CDT) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));47.6054302777778;-122.173818055556
6 or more spheres flying in a V and then disappearing suddenly.;2013-02-07 20:56:00;5 seconds;6 or more spheres flying in a V and then disappearing suddenly. At approximately 20:56 I was sitting on a bench facing South and as I look up I see at least six spheres flying above the trees at Robinswood Park a V shape. The angle of their flight seemed to be at around 45° and they seemed to take an impossible turn for any type of aircraft or animal and after that it or they disappeared. To me the color of the UFO(s) seemed to be dark brown and black.  They did not seem to emit any light or sound. they appeared almost to be camouflaged.;47.6054302777778;-122.173818055556
5 Bright Orange Objects flying over Bellvue, WA.;2013-06-04 10:40:00;1 minute;5 Bright Orange Objects flying over Bellvue, WA. Saw 5 bright orange orbs/ufos flying in formation (v formation) over a building.  Stayed floating for a few seconds without moving, no noise whatsoever.  Then they moved quickly to the south ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.6054302777778;-122.173818055556
