Ski fireflys faster than any plane in southern Arizona;2009-11-04 20:15:00;3 minutes;Ski fireflys faster than any plane in southern Arizona On Wednesday November 4th, 2009 at approximately 20:15 - Driving out of Yuma, AZ heading for Tucson, AZ heading East on I-8 at approximately Wellton, AZ a short while before reaching the US Customs station on the highway.  I noticed several bright flashing lights in the sky to directly ahead of me to the East in the sky.  There were a few clouds in the sky, very high in the atmosphere, thin but dark.  The moon was to the East as well mostly covered by the clouds.  The sky for the most part was clear however.  These bright randomly flashing lights seemed to be generally in front of the moon, in the clouds and in the clear sky as well.  Within a fairly small area of the sky.   At first I thought they were several planes, but I looked closer and they never blinked twice in the same area or in any pattern that a plane would fly.  It seemed like a small electrical storm, random like lightning, but there was no streaks of light, just flashing dots of light. Not only in the! clouds but in the clear sky as well. Much brighter than any star. I was quite baffled as to what it could possibly be.  As they randomly flickered for maybe two minutes they quickly moved South and out of sight.  Faster than anything that I have seen move across the sky. Well almost like a falling star without a tail, but multiple flashing lights. I found myself so entranced by the lights that I drifted lanes on the highway.  There is no chance that it was a satellite, or any airplane (not even the fastest conceivable), or a falling star, or an electrical storm, to high in the sky to be anything man made.  I am not the sort of person that really thinks that the earth gets visitors for outer-space, but I cannot logically explain what caused the lights in the sky that I witnessed.   Yes I was by myself and no I was not on any mood or mind altering substance.  I would like an explanation.  Thank you for your time.;32.6935;-114.1561
