Large bright light in Western night sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a sighting of Venus??  PD));2009-02-02 20:00:00;hours ?;Large bright light in Western night sky 02-02-2009 Approximately 8pm  My husband and I watched a light for about 30 minutes.  It was in the Western Sky.  We drove out of our small town to the west to get out of the surrounding town lights and To make sure the light was not close to town so that we could judge the size.   The unknown light stayed the same.  It still looked the same size as we traveled west on country roads. Description:  Large white light.  At intervals very small red lights would flash.(around the edges) These red lights were so small and hard to see that I had to watch for awhile to make sure I was not seeing things.   The intervals were not constant.  The light would undulate, getting larger and smaller ( or brighter and dimmer?)  The light did not move.  The stars were out and clear.  DFW airport had multiple planes flying and there were 3 helicopters that we could see in the distance.  We used these to compare with the large white light.  The large white light was nothing like I have ever seen.  I have lived in the desert where stars are big and clear, yet I have never seen anything like this. The light disappeared on this night at about 9:30 pm. We have been seeing this light on and off for about 1 ½ weeks.  We looked at the light with binoculars, but could only see a bright light.  One night as we watched, there were a few dim blue lights. These blue lights would shoot along the middle of the white light. This light is too high to be a part of a tower.  We also have multiple towers with lights on top that we could compare.  Nothing in the area looked as bright or as big as this light. This morning, we noticed on Fox news that someone else had seen the light.  We have called several news agencies in the area and no one seems to know what it is. Thought we would pass this on in case it is of interest to you.  Now I wish I had a telescope! ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a sighting of Venus??  PD));33.3103;-96.7673
MYSTERIOUS ORANGE SPHERE;2009-11-13 01:15:00;3 MINUTES;MYSTERIOUS ORANGE SPHERE I was out walking late on the morning of Friday November 13 when I decided to look at the sky to see if I could see anything unusual such as a UFO.   As I was looking just above the western horizon, an unusual light caught my eye.  I watched this orange ball of light for approximately three minutes.  The really weird thing, and the reason that I'm posting this, is that the light simply vanished right before my eyes -- poof and it was gone!  I've never seen a light just disappear like that.    A small airplane did appear in that part of the sky about five minutes later, but its lights were red and green, typical landing light colors, NOT the firey orange that I observed with the spherical light a few minues earlier.  Highly curious.;33.3103;-96.7673
Two Strange Amber/Golden Spheres that Flared up into Starlike Shaped Objects.;2014-10-17 01:15:00;20 minutes;Two Strange Amber/Golden Spheres that Flared up into Starlike Shaped Objects. I was witness to two strange UFO's on this night.  The UFO's began as an amber/golden ball on the western horizon.  This ball grew in size, and changed in it's shape, so that it resembled a large golden starlike thing.  This flare up star shaped object, was about five times the size of the original golden ball.  A few minutes after this sighting, I witnessed second golden sphere on the southern horizon.  This ball also flared up, but not nearly as much as the first one had -- maybe three times it's original size.  I never saw any bliking landing lights on either of these objects, so they didn't resemble airplanes -- plus the color was wrong for airplanes, which are usually more orange, or red in color.;33.3103;-96.7673
