Close encounter with round white light;1994-06-15 21:00:00;5-7min;Close encounter with round white light Was sitting in car waiting on husband who was inside work office @ approx 21:00 when suddenly lights flitted inside the car & I heard voices like officials speaking .. I'd thought someone had been pulled over by police or something and were behind me at first but then strobe? lights were swirling in the car moreso, and as I was turning to look out the window to see what was going on I then was blinded by the brightest white beam or spot? light!  It shown on me so brightly I couldn't focus and had to turn from it.  Then as I tried to look out window again the light on me seemed to get less intense backing off so I could see it .  Then after being able to focus, the light source got bigger as if someone had turned a switch on making it brighter (this time not blinding or blaring in my face), then bigger again as if someone had turned a switch a sec time to increase it.  It  hovered for a couple or so min right above the car I'd say approx 40 ft away: it was so close!  It seemed to also be observing what husband was doing in office.  Then the light went back smaller, then smaller again then blinked out totally (the same way it had became bigger and brighter- it went out -like in sections).  Couldn't see any form of craft : was a slightly hazy night that night . No sound was heard for it was already noisy at location .  When it blinked out I got out of car and tried hard to find it for about a min or so then off in the distance approx a few miles away (though I'm no expert) suddenly out of the darkness it lit up again one time then blinked out again.  Husband came out after it all had happened with a min or so.  Told him , family and friends about my experience but this time officially reporting. I'd seen a few planes prior but whatever this was it wasn't using traveling lights like aircraft are supposed to do. And it's had me soooo curious for yrs.  If you need further info , plz feel free to contact me.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in 1994 is approximate.  We will invite the witness to try to estimate it more accurately.  PD));35.269;-86.1359
Two balls of light dancing then disappear over horizon;2020-08-08 21:50:00;30 seconds;Two balls of light dancing then disappear over horizon Two balls of light were circling each other, then going back together as one light.  Then the lights separated and floated down the horizon. The color of the lights seemed like a fire yellow color and were very bright. There was no noise.;35.269;-86.1359
