The object seemed to be triangular in shape due to the setting of approx.7-8 red lights.It seemed to be larger than a football field, n;1990-09-15 21:00:00;approx10min;The object seemed to be triangular in shape due to the setting of approx.7-8 red lights.  It seemed to be larger than a football field, noiseless, and glided directly above railroad tracks by train station.  it was moving at about the speed of 5mph (we walked right under it as it barely moved above us.   We then witnessed a bright white light come from the center of the underside of the triangular formation. The light split into two and they flew over the fields of the area.   Another came out in the same fashion and scanned the fields as well. i'd say at the speed of a cessna type plane. the third light to come out grew intensly bright and flew right back in to the mother ship.  It then popped back out again immediately and split in two, following suit with the other 4 scouts.  The triangle continued to follow the tracks and we watched until it was out of sight and the scouts were gone as well. The mothership was immense!  Noiseless!  Moved at a slow rate of speed.  It did not move erratically, just continued on a straight path over the local train station tracks. The red lights at the corners and along the edges were very bright.  The 6 scout ships were of a bright white color that remained solid as they flew at a speed of a Cessna airplane.  They flew over the farmfields in that area as if they were scanning something.  When they came out of the mothership, they would appear as one bright white light splitting into two separate crafts.  Concerning the 3rd light to come out of the mothership:The other 4 scouts were already moving along the skyline of the fields.  The 3rd light came out, grew intensly bright white (whiter than white)then immediately flew back in to the craft.  We watched this happen at about 1000ft above our heads.  We had to look directly straight above us.  It then came out again, almost immediately, grew intensly bright white and split into 2 crafts.   I remember running to the high grass in the fields after that because we were so scared.  We watched them until they were out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date in September 1990 is approximate.  PD));41.4392;-74.2515
2 hovering bright lights, no sound, over NY. Saw manta ray or triangle object flying very slow,whooshing sound;2008-03-24 05:00:00;30 minutes;2 hovering bright lights, no sound, over NY. Saw manta ray or triangle object flying very slow,whooshing sound My sister and I were in the driveway getting out of our car going into the house. I noticed 2 bright white balls of light hovering over the tree tops about a quarter mile away.There was no noise. We couldn't figure out what they were, so we walked across the road and all over the front lawn and driveway trying to get a better look. We saw one of the lights shoot down a pulsing like red ray and white lights also flashed and moved around at the same time. It also looked like a huge beam of white light was coming down from underneath both of them. This went on for 3-4 minutes.  All the while these 2 things stayed absolutely still and made no noise at all. As soon as we both took out our camera phones and took a picture, both lights immediately brightened and became much larger. It was as if they saw us and were talking to each other somehow. Then one started slowly moving toward us while the other one slowly moved off to the side and rose up a little higher. We watched this light move ever so slowly toward us. It flew directly over our heads as if in slow motion. It was so low and only made a low whooshing like sound. It was like a manta ray shape or some kind of rounded triangle.  It was shiny, black metallic like. The underside had some kind of square indentations, like a grid almost. There was a red flashing light in front and 2 white flashing strobe lights in the back. It had 3 white lights underneath toward the back of it. On each side were 2 rocket like things that were a lighter color like gray. We watched both of these things fly ever so slowly and quietly until we couldn't see them over the mountains. We looked around for 1-2 minutes then heard a very low noise unlike any plane or helicopter. We turned and saw the same 2 bright lights hovering in the same exact spots! By now we were extremely freaked out so we woke up our brother. We all live near a military airport base so we are used to different aircraft and how they sound. The 3 of us watched these things for a few minutes silently hover above the tree tops. When my brother shined a flashlight toward them they did the same thing. The light immediately became larger and brightened and it started to move toward us. Only this time it was up a little higher and off to the side of us. The other one rose up and over and hovered behind the tree tops. We couldn't see it clearly like the first time, but I did manage to get a few seconds of it on video tape-mainly the rear lights. We are in our 30's, have children and jobs. We are regular people who saw something strange in the sky that night. I have been searching the internet for info and similar reports.;41.4392;-74.2515
