The object hovered behind a cloud for close to a half hour and if it was a helecopter it would have made a sound.;1984-08-26 16:00:00;30 minutes;The object hovered behind a cloud for close to a half hour and if it was a helecopter it would have made a sound. On about August 26, 1984 (Guess) at approximately 4:00pm (16:00 Guess) I was driving down State road 69 located in Calhoun County, heading south.  I just passed the intersection of State road 69 and county road 274.  At this time a glanced south at rain clouds that were forming from thunderheads.  Lightning started flashing from the clouds and thunder could be heard very loud.   While i was glancing south I observed a silver looking cylinder shaped object approximately (50) fifty feet long, streak across the sky then fly behind the cloud that was producing lightning.   I then pulled over to the shoulder of the road and cut of my engine and started watching the cloud.  The cloud was approximately one hundred yards long and 125 yards high and about 5 miles from my location where I had a great view.  (farm land went about 3/4 of a mile away and then it started with planted pine trees ten feet tall.   After about 20 minutes, I observed a portion of the object come out of the north end of the cloud.  About 10 minutes later, the object came out at a high rate of speed from, the south end of the cloud and vanished into higher clouds.   I had cut off my engine so I could hear if there was any sounds coming from the object.  I never heard any sound, even when it left the dark cloud flashing with lightning unless the thunder covered it up.   I know this has been around 30 years ago, but I recall it like it was yesterday.  Sorry i took so long reporting this but I never thought anyone would believe me, but after hearing you on Coast to Coast for the past year and a half, I decided to make a report because the info was still fresh in my mind after all these years.   Why do you think it stay in the cloud that was producing lightning?  I wondered if it could detect me and was hiding, or was getting some energy from the lightning.  Oh yea...it came out of the south end of the cloud, and then made a sharp turn to the west and started heading up into the high hanging clouds.   Thanks so very much for all that you do to keep this program moving forward.;30.5319;-85.1646
