Odd craft, egg shaped in front, straight part connected in rear, flew across my home headed due north, maybe 300 yards in the air.;2009-03-05 18:00:00;3 minutes?;Odd craft, egg shaped in front, straight part connected in rear, flew across my home headed due north, maybe 300 yards in the air. At approximately 6pm Eastern Standard time, my girlfriend, her 3 1/2 year old son, and I were standing in my back yard.   He was playing in the dirt with some trucks, her and I were just talking, looking around.  I was looking around at the mountains, and all of the sudden I see this thing come thru the sky, and it was heading due north across the next mountain, which is a strip job. (coal mining operation) I watched it go all the way across the sky and out of sight.  It was approximately 300 yards from the ground, and went straight north. It did not slow/speed up, it did not turn, the altitude never changed.  It was almost like it was on autopilot. In the front, it was shaped like an egg, with the pointy end pointing forward. There was a straight part coming from the rear of it, and it was about as long as a car.  It definitely was NOT a helo, was NOT an airplane, was NOT a toy...I looked for 3 hours to see if I could find a picture of a spy drone or something that would have been it, but no luck.  I posted this on a message board and was told to report it to you guys.  All three of us saw it, it made no sounds, no smoke, had no external attachment looking pieces, it was a dull white color.   I have no idea what it was, but it DID scare the crap out of me.  MY gf's son said what is that? and all I could say was I have no idea.     This thing wasn't way up in the sky like a prop plane, it was low , I'd have to know how high the mountains are, but I'm gonna gess maybe 3000ft at the MOST?    I dunno how no one else saw this, it was so obvious, stuck out like a sore thumb.    If you want to contact me, fine...I'll tell you anything you want to know, but I have no proof, just my word.  It FREAKED ME OUT, I WANT it to be a spy drone or something, because I've never saw anything like this in my life. I'll feel a whole lot better to know it came from us. I will take pictures of the area if you want it, whatever I can do to help.  I hope you take this as serious as I do.;37.3197;-82.6114
