Two crafts, shaped like sheres/ovals, appeared thirty seconds apart from each other and the second one circled around the first twice;2010-10-02 16:00:00;approx. 30 min.;Two crafts, shaped like sheres/ovals, appeared thirty seconds apart from each other and the second one circled around the first twice In Pleasanton CA I saw a small, silvery sphere just above my rooftop that was stationary in the afternoon sky.  As I moved further away from my house, a second identical sphere appeared about an inch (from my perspective) beneath the original one, horizontally to the left, about thirty seconds after I saw the first craft.   I called my sister out of the house to come and look at the sighting, which she reluctantly did, and saw the two objects in the sky.  We went back in together, her to her room again, and I went to get binoculars to better see what they looked like and where they were moving to.  With the binoculars I could clearly make out the shape and exterior color/material.  It appeared to be a copper-silver blend, but was reflecting a piercing pearl light from the center, which I suspect was a reflection from the sun. The shape of the object was similar to a Chinese lantern laying on its side the center was clearly defined by a built-in skeleton th! at resembled raised tubing on its shimmering surface.  Above this visible division was a row of black that I could not make out as compartmentalized in any way it appeared to be a consistent strip around. After about two minutes the secondary craft began to orbit around the primary one slowly, to which it went around twice and then stopped, mid-rotation, in the exact spot it had originally appeared, on the reverse side.  The duration of the rotations was approx. one minute, forty-five seconds.  I was timing as best I could with my watch.  The two drew together and separated three times in the same straight line position and then stopped moving.  They sat there for approx. 6 minutes, and then started to drift away, but slowly. It was another 8 minutes or so until I could not longer see them. I came back inside the house and drank some water, talked to my mother regarding the situation and found a hotline to report sightings.  I called and they suggested I submit my written report to document the sighting.  Here it is. I only wish I had a camera to document, but now I know that and will try to have something immediately available.  This is not the first sighting I have encountered, but it is the first I have reported. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous, although the report may have been submitted by the person who called our Hotline.  He provides no contact information.  PD));37.6736876811594;-121.881964492754
Yellowish oval like object descend from sky and land.;2014-01-05 04:57:00;5 seconds;Yellowish oval like object descend from sky and land On this Saturday morning, i was looking at a star which resembled a object that a friend had mentioned the night before.  The lights i was seeing ended up being the Vega star so it what i witnessed was in line with Vega but had nothing to do with it.  Upon gazing at Vega i see two oval shaped pale yellowish but pointed ends instead of round.  There was no light of any kind the housing and street lights made the objects visible.  There was also no sound what so ever total silence.  They had mass whether these were entities or a type of flying device i do not know. Both came down at a very fast rate of speed and almost vertical, while both objects were positioned at 45 degree angles dull looking surfaces.  One was ahead of the other by 6 feet as both objects got with in 15 to 20 feet from the top of my next door neighbors home, began to dramatically slow their high rate of speed which tells me these objects were not falling or crashing out of the sky but landing.  They were identical to one another about a foot in length and half a foot across thickness unknown.  After they went lower the house blocking my view i quickly went inside for fear of who knows what the heck is in my next door neighbors backyard right now.  Did not stick around to see if they left or still there or what.;37.6736876811594;-121.881964492754
