Lights that were front & rear of ufo.;2012-01-01 23:00:00;10 minutes;Lights that were front & rear of ufo. The winter before last, maybe January sometime, at around 11pm, my wife and I were in our hot tub on our deck at the back of our home here in the pacific northwest.  There was snow on the ground but it was a very dark night with a little mist in the air.  Our house is adjacent to some small hills, maybe several hundred vertical feet higher. Our tub is located on the south side of the house.  I noticed two lights, if you want to call them that, approximately 800 feet away to the west of us, travelling along the hillside at a pace which would be a sprint for a decent runner.  The elevation of these lights was maybe 100 feet up from the ground.  They were probably 30 feet apart, one front and one back, perfectly parallel to the terrain, and moving at a constant speed, slow, with no deviation.   The hillside there is virtually straight up and straight down, no trails and a person couldn’t walk along it at this level these lights were. About the lights…both were solid and the front one never could figure out whether it was blue or white, as you looked at it, it seemed to be in constant change, constant motion within itself, and it was blue and white at the same time.  The rear light was more of a green color and didn’t change.  These so-called lights never reflected or illuminated the sage brush and hillside they were travelling next to the way any regular light would have and I guess this object was no more than 30 feet from the hillside. It wasn’t on a wire, no variation in trajectory with absolute constant pace.  There was something in between these lights that we could not see, namely a vessel, had to be. It travelled up to the top of a little hill westbound and stopped and most likely rotated slightly counter-clockwise because the light were closer together.  I went upstairs and got out my binos and observed it for a few minutes. It projected out to the northwest an intermittent light that looked like a pattern of corregated roofing metal, red in color and brilliant and I could see it at various distances away from this craft due to the intermittent mist in the area.  This went on for only a minute or so then the lights went out and that was it. I know what we saw and it obviously wasn’t man made. I expect this was a little mapping expedition or something with a crazy reddish light report sent out.  There’s a few more minor details I’m sure I’ve left out but that’s the gist of it.  I am a retired Fire Captain, college grad in the sciences (chem) and my wife is also college grad. I have my own opinion on what I think is going around here and maybe you do also, anyways every time go go an evening spa dip we’re looking.  This is the third sighting I’ve experienced in lots of years.  Thanks for listening.;47.4193526737966;-120.295701069519
Several objects with flashing lights;2014-09-04 20:50:00;1:10 minutes;Several objects with flashing lights Sept 4, at 8:50pm I received a call from a friend who was watching 4 distinct objects in the sky, with red, white & green lights blinking around them, & she wanted to know if i could see them.  I have had several sightings in our area in the last 6 months.  I grabbed my binoculars and went outside to look.  To the south I could see the mountains, (we call the Clockum, & Mission Ridge) and above that was a cloud layer, and above the cloud layer in the blackened sky were flashing red, white and green lights, that were flashing in what appeared to be a circular motion.  I could see them flash but they would disappear and reappear as if they were going around something.  I could see 4 different areas in the sky where these lights were flashing in this way.   They stayed stationary for at least 20 minutes, then one started moving southwest and finally disappeared from my view. The others stayed fairly stationary. I contacted a third friend and told him to look. He too has seen a UFO on the same nights as I have, and even got video of one.  He looked in the sky, and could see them, he also saw a blue light in the sky. He took a picture and sent it to me.  He has since blown up the images on his computers. I then looked over towards the southwest and could see an orange orb stationary over the mountain top.  I could see an orange and red glowing object thru my binoculars, it was also quite large without binoculars, as I pulled the binoculars down to look with the naked eye, then looked thru the binoculars again it was gone.   I looked back over to where the flashing red and white lights were, and they too were gone.  So crazy. This is happening often here.  My 4 dogs were highly sensitive while outside, barking a lot. We live in a secluded area, mountainside.;47.4193526737966;-120.295701069519
Was woken up to a loud swishing sound, and saw a bright light bluish green, with white tail. Was sleeping at my customer, when my truck;2018-12-14 04:15:00;Seconds;Was woken up to a loud swishing sound, and saw a bright light bluish green, with white tail. Was sleeping at my customer, when my truck shook, woke up and seen the light.;47.4193526737966;-120.295701069519
