Burnt orange orb in the sky;2013-07-13 21:40:00;2 minutes;Burnt orange orb in the sky Saturday July 13, 2013 9:38pm- Approx. 9:40pm   I do not frequent the streets at the above stated hour on a regular basis, however, on this particular night, I felt I needed time to clear my mind and so made an abrupt decision to take a late walk around my neighborhood. As I made my way to the end of my street I made a right, which left me facing due East, onto a dead end street.  I walked a couple steps before I glanced up at the sky something having caught my eye.  I found that what had in fact caught my eye was a single burnt orange and perfectly round orb/fireball looking object.   The object was silent.  The night was absolutely clear this night and I was absolutely certain this object was not a star or the moon.  For the next 20-30 seconds I’d guesstimate I tried to reason it was some unfamiliar aircraft and I began to look for lights on the object I’d recognize.  Red, blue, or white lights that are typical on more common aircraft.   ((NUFORC Note:  Aircraft do not have blue lights.  PD)) As I focused more on this object I realized it was going at what seemed to be a very fast speed, and it appeared to have a hazy effect around it which appeared to emit an off, faded yellow type aura around the orb itself.  The object was low,  I can’t say specifically how low, but I will say it was very large and it almost looked as though it was approaching at an angle as if to land. **According to our local forecast center the Wind speed at 9:53pm on July 13, 2013 was 11.5 mph and its direction was ESE. To continue on… as I continued walking forward I glanced down at my phone which is how I can record the time I saw the object.  I did not think to take a picture or video, for some reason the idea simply was not present.  A minute or so later I looked up to see any changed in the object and did not see the object.  It had simply vanished. I walked home, quickly and somewhat leery at this point (as the object had disappeared).  And continued on with my nightly routine still not entirely sure how to respond or what to think to what I’d seen.   After a couple days I decided to see what I could find online about similar experiences and realized there are many.  I found this website, and although unsure of it, am choosing to share my experiences here. I hope this helps. -B ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.13019;-97.033995
