strange color in sky;2001-11-05 22:15:00;still occurring;strange color in sky Strange cloud formation appearing in the NW sky - fuschia to pink in appearance despite darkness.  Sky conditions clear, unlimited ceiling, moon approx 5 days past full stage.  Colored streak through sky was confined to a definable area throught the area from NW sky and followed through SE - site from ground appeared to be less than 1 mile wide and perhaps 1-2 miles in length.  Color at first appeared pink to fuschia and gradually faded to a light pink at edges and lightening to all light pink over approx 15 minute period but lingers lightly still as I am typing this description.. Not apparent UFO but certainly an unusual appearance in the sky.. Note commercial aircraft was also present in the area at the time - apparently originating from Newark Internattional Airport - which may have observed the same event.  Latest update at 22:35 - sighting has completely disappeared ((NUFORC Note:  Northern Lights were reported for this night.  They were reported from all across the U. S..  PD));40.5738;-74.4974
We were out stargazing on a very clear night after fixing a new telescope that had never been used. AFter about an hour or so of watchi;2006-11-15 19:00:00;20 min;We were out stargazing on a very clear night after fixing a new telescope that had never been used.  After about an hour or so of watching the skies we layed down to just watch for a while.  I was staring at a constellation or what I thought to be a constellation for about 5+ min.  It was 4 stars almost dipper like when one of the stars took off from the constellation at a steady speed and course across the sky to the north.  We watched it by eye and telescope for roughly 5 min (the approximate time it took to cross the sky to its end point) at which point it literally disappeared.  It was the same size of, color of, and shape of the stars. White, tiny and sphere, for lack of better term.  After freaking out about this for about 10 min. we went back to watching the skies, and from another constellation in the same are but just a little west of the first one, another star took off.  Same speed, same shape.  They were both very high in the sky, too high to be a plane and after research there were non estimated sattelite crossings that day.  They held no tails and were in the sky too long to have been meteors or the like.  I have seen a few things also before this that I was some what skeptical about but this was strange. We were not drinking. we dont do drugs. I am in the United States Military and she is a RMA. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.5738;-74.4974
