Very large, and very intense light in clear dark night sky moving erratically and appeared to have landed. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus??  PD);2007-06-05 23:30:00;30 minutes;Very large, and very intense light in clear dark night sky moving erratically and appeared to have landed. For Web Posting address name and names removed  UFO Visual Siting  Date:  June 5, 2007 Time:  Approximately 11:30 PM first visual. Location:  River Road and Hwy 170 4 miles west of Colfax, WI 54730 Weather Conditions:  Clear with wisps of clouds to west, Temp. about 50 deg. F, no wind or breeze, and no moon very dark. My state of physiological/psychological condition:  Tired from working but attentive nevertheless, no drugs or alcohol or medications. What I saw:  Very intense white light (sometimes red flickers) with a large orb ranging from about 2 – 7 millimeters across at line of site. Commentary:  At about 11:30 PM Tuesday night June 5, 2007 I went outside to start my vehicle. I use the vehicle headlights to illuminate the front door while locking the office on particular dark nights.  Looking immediately west I noticed what appeared to be the landing lights of an aircraft approaching the Eau Claire airport.  Note, the office is right under a normal flight path for Northwest Airline flights coming from the Twin Cities and it is very common to see the landing lights used on their approaches to Eau Claire.  In any case I attributed the exceptionally bright light to that of an aircraft on approach.  The light was due west at an estimated 5,000 to 10,000 feet in altitude and coming slowly east on a trajectory that would have put it right over the office on River Road in less than a minute.  I watched it for a few seconds and did not see anything out of the ordinary but I did notice there was no sound coming from the area of the light.  With approaching aircraft it is normal to hear them a minute before one is able to make a visual.  But it was late, I was tired, and I thought nothing more of it until I started my drive home it seemed to alter its course rapidly.  Leaving east out of the driveway the object essentially stopped for a brief second or two and changed course to north-northwest course and began lowering in altitude.  I turned north on a cut-off road to Highway 170 and watched as the craft moved slowly northwest and dropped in altitude on slightly as it was still much higher than the surrounding hills.  I turned west on Hwy 170 and watched the craft moving in the direction towards the Wheeler radio tower.  Total drive of about 2 miles and a time of about 4 minutes.  As I turned into my house driveway I lost site of the object behind a row of tall pine trees and a hill.  I entered my house, scrambled for a few minutes tying to find a pair of binoculars – to no avail.  So I got my girlfriend to come with out in the field to see if we could locate the object.  As we rounded the blocking hill we easily made visual contact with the craft again.  At this time the light was farther away but still very bright and more red flickering taking place.  The location appeared to be slightly sou! th of th e radio tower and about 1,000 to 2,000 feet higher than the top of the tower (the tower is about 1,000 ft.).  I must qualify that the craft appeared to be near the tower, it could have been farther west of the tower but it more likely was nearby.  As we watched for several minutes it appeared as if it was not moving.  Then it decided to start slowly lowering sometimes straight down and sometimes with erratic zigzag patterns.  Eventually it was at the same height reference of the Wheeler tower and stayed there for a few minutes.  Then it started to lower again and this time it moved slightly more north in what appeared to be very close proximity to the tower itself. Eventually it dropped to a point where we could only see it at random through trees and hills.  In the last few minutes of visual it seemed as though the object was on the ground moving around between trees.  The motions as it was on, or near, the ground were slightly erratic and we had to shift positions frequently to keep it in sight.  Finally about midnight or slightly after we lost all visual sight. Her and I watched the light for about 15 to 20 minutes.  Short of the time I lost sight in my driveway and was looking for the binoculars I was able to watch the craft for about 25 to 30 minutes total time.  Shortly after midnight we  took a drive to the radio tower location.  There were several households with lights on in the immediate vicinity of the radio tower.  We do not know if these people were awake, or saw something, or whatever but we did not stop to ask for fear of being ridiculed.  Neither my girlfriend nor myself can explain what it was but we do know for an absolute fact we watched something very strange.;45.0001;-91.7333
Light in night sky traveling in stright line abruptly changed direction and accelerated in an arc, disappearing in 1-2 seconds.;2008-07-17 22:40:00;30 sec;Light in night sky traveling in stright line abruptly changed direction and accelerated in an arc, disappearing in 1-2 seconds. Observed a light traveling in a straight line north which looked like aircraft landing light.  When a commercial aircraft traveling west approached the light, the light abruptly changed direction and accelerated in an upward arc and disappeared within 1-2 seconds.;45.0001;-91.7333
22 or more plane-like lights flying NE in a straight line, my dogs were acting strange during it.   ((Spacelink satellites));2020-03-06 20:00:00;15-20 minutes;I saw 22 or more plane-like lights flying north-east in a straight line, my dogs were acting strange during it. I was outside letting my dogs out at 8:00 at night (at home) when I saw how clear the sky was. I have an addiction to watching stars on clear nights, waiting for a meteor. I was looking around at all the stars and constellations when I turned somewhat northwards. When I saw the first two, I simply thought they were lanterns. But then I saw the next four, and I knew it could not have been lanterns because they were in a straight line. These lights were not equally spaced, so I do not believe that they were satellites. My dogs were acting quite odd as well. They were facing in the direction the lights were coming from, the older one was whimpering, and the younger one was growling. I counted about 19 of the lights before my older dog suddenly turned around and started barking at the cars across the street. I looked and got as close as I dared, but I didn't see anything. No movement and no sounds came from the direction of the cars. By that time, I was getting uneasy. All together I counted 23 lights, but they were still coming. I got my dogs in the house but I couldn't shake my uneasiness.;45.0001;-91.7333
