4 teenagers have a close encounter with a blue sphere and experienced temporary memory loss.;2012-07-31 22:00:00;30 seconds;4 teenagers have a close encounter with a blue sphere and experienced temporary memory loss. Back in the summer of 2012 school I witnessed something I could not explain along with 4 other people.  One of these people was my good friend and eventually my roommate who I will call H.  Everyone involved was completely sober and not under the influence of any drugs or alcohol.  Everyone saw the same thing and reacted similarly.  We were close to the craft at the time of the sighting and were able to get a good look at it.  Despite the unusual details of the sighting and the confusion and excitement that immediately followed the incident was forgotten by the next morning. 	One morning as I was waking up from a deep sleep I remembered the craft that I had seen and the memory of the night came back to me all at once. I could not understand why I had forgotten it so easily and no one had ever talked about it considering how unusual it is to see a UFO, especially from how close we were.  I immediately called H and asked if the incident had happened or not and his answer was oh yeah, I haven't thought about that since it happened!  	 My theory is that this object sensed our presence and purposefully deleted or obscured our collective memory of the event.  Had I not remembered the encounter in a half asleep state I likely would never have remembered this event.  After doing some research into other ufo sightings I have found that memory loss of this kind is not uncommon after witnessing a UFO.  I also found that UFO sightings have been common in my area since 1968 because of our close proximity to a nuclear power plant. 	Many details from the night are blurry but the details I can remember H remembered as well.  We could not remember who else was with us but we agreed that there were 2 others with us. Both of us agreed that the memory loss of the event was strange and that what we saw was technology far more advanced than anything we had ever known. We also agreed that it was possible that this craft may have temporarily erased our memory of the event to potentially discredit our story when it was remembered or that we were never supposed to remember the event at all. This is a report of what we both saw that evening. 	On that night we all were trying to go from one house to another to hang out with another friend.  I had driven my car to another friends house in the same neighborhood as H's house and walked over to his house from there.  We eventually decided to walk back to the other friends house to meet up with him. The path to take to the other friends house was a short cut that involved crossing through people's back yards and using the neighborhoods greenway trail system. 	The Torrance Creek Greenway is a system of paved trails that runs through a neighborhood in Huntersville.  Several streets have access points to the greenway and there are miles and miles of paved trails on it.  We were crossing the entire distance of the neighborhood and needed to use a good stretch of the greenway to do it. About halfway through the trail we were walking we witnessed the incident.  The location was on a long straight stretch of trail that came to a T intersection.  We were on the vertical part of the T and were about 100-150 feet away from the intersection.  On either side of us was a thick mess of 10 foot trees and shrubs that was not passable by humans. At the T intersection there were much taller trees, still with thick greenery that could not be passed by people. 	As we were walking and conversation we saw it, almost all of us saw it at the same time as all of us stopped our conversation immediately as I saw it. At the end of the trail, right in the middle of the T intersection was a hovering blue orb of light that seemed to be slightly larger than a basketball in size and perfectly spherical in shape.  It was about 4 feet off the ground and was perfectly still and made no noise what so ever. It was emitting a bright blue  light and was easily visible. The solid blue light it produced was both unnatural looking and able to illuminate the surrounding area. 	There was nothing holding it up, there was no string or signs of it being suspended from another object.  The light it produced did not seem to come from inside of it and did not look like a light inside a blue ball.  Instead it seemed as the entire thing was made of a bright glowing substance or a ball of blue light.  The Voyager 2 picture of  Uranus is a good example of what the ball looked like, solid blue and completely featureless. It did not look like anything I had ever seen before. It could not have been a lamp or light held by a person because the area around it was illuminated and any people would have been easily visible. 	For 10 seconds all of us were completely silent, staring in shock at this mysterious blue orb. I had a strange peaceful sensation all over my body and felt frozen in place and very confused. It felt like the orb knew we were there just as we knew of its presence. We stared at frozen for what seemed like 10 seconds before I felt the sensation pass and someone said  what.. what is that?  Then we all immediately started running towards it at the same time without saying another word to each other. 	There was no thought behind it really.  I remember just feeling compelled to run towards this object, and my friends must have felt the same. We were able to run about 50 feet before the orb darted down the left hand trail.  It followed a perfectly ruler straight trajectory to the left of where it was and did not show any signs of acceleration. It immediately started going as fast as it moved, which I would estimate to be around 300-400  miles per hour.  Nothing I have ever seen moves like this thing moved. 	As we continued to run towards the end of the trail the orb darted back in the other direction, on the right side of the T intersection. It was still moving at the same high rate of speed and showed no signs of acceleration, it came back into sight precisely where it had disappeared and flew in a perfectly straight line horizontally before disappearing from view on the other side of the trees. 	When we got to the intersection the orb had completely disappeared, there was no one there but us.  It had taken us perhaps 3-4 seconds to reach the intersection after it has disappeared from sight and yet there was no trace of anything or anyone. 	For a brief period of time after the event we were all rather excited about the sighting, as none of us had ever seen a UFO.  We discussed what it could have been and almost all of us came to the conclusion that it was alien technology. We went to bed that night and then forgot the entire thing by the next morning.  Not a single thought of this crossed my mind until 2015 when I woke up one morning.  H did not remember the night until I asked him about it.  All I had said to him at first was do you remember when we saw that UFO on the greenway? and he was able to recount the details I have described above.;35.4010000000007;-80.8687999999983
Large glowing red mass resembled comet.;2014-05-03 22:30:00;10 seconds;Large glowing red mass resembled comet. Large glowing mass moving north, resembled a comet.  Moving quickly but not streaking.;35.4010000000007;-80.8687999999983
