3 UFO's Sighted in Larned, KS flying southwest to northeast - went from 1 side of the sky to the next in approximately 5-7 seconds;2009-11-14 21:15:00;5-10 seconds;3 UFO's Sighted in Larned, KS flying southwest to northeast - went from 1 side of the sky to the next in approximately 5-7 seconds At approximately 21:15, in the sky above Larned, KS, three unidentified flying objects were identified by this writer and her husband.  At the time of the sighting, my husband and I were outside just gazing at the sky and talking.  He asked me, Did you just see those three lights.  I said, Yes, I am watching them right now.  We continued to watch.  Afterwards we notified several family members who were reluctant to believe our experience.  Here is our description of the event:  These objects were flying southwest to northeast and took approximately 5-7 seconds to fly from one side of the sky to the next.  The speed they flew appeared to be much faster than that of an airplane or other type of air craft.  The objects were all circular, bright lights, but were dimmer than stars.  They looked approximately 4 or 5 times the size that your average star appears to look in the sky.  We did not hear a sound when we saw them flying in the sky, like you would from any type of aircraft. They first flew in a formation.  The middle UFO then  flew slightly ahead of the others, and at times the other two would also briefly get out of formation.  When they shifted out of formation, it appeared quick and had a slight bounce to them.  They were very fast and flew slightly lower and higher in the sky, but all stayed near each other the entire time.  The path they took was not a straight line like you would see a falling star or an airplane do. After heading northeast! , they quickly dimmed and simply disappeared.  I have never seen anything like this before and hope that others saw they same thing that we did.  The incident happened so quickly, there was no way that I would have been able to record or taken a picture of the event, but wish that I could have.;38.1958;-99.1059
