November 20 , 2012 12:00 AM MIDNIGHT Alamo Tn Around , the time of midnight , while smoking a cigar outside in a car with a friend.;2012-11-20 00:00:00;fraction of a second;November 20 , 2012 12:00 AM MIDNIGHT Alamo Tn Around , the time of midnight , while smoking a cigar outside in a car with a friend . I decide that its time for me to go inside and go to sleep .  As I step out of the vehicle and proceed to close the door , i begin to bring my head up into view of the sky over  the top of my house .  Withing fractions of a second , I realized i was looking a loud bright flash  that  soared extremely close to my house . DEFINATELY , not a meteor or anything of that sort . It appeared to be going across in a upward direction as in leaving away from where i was . It was definately something i have never witnessed in my life . It was to close and extremely bright to be anything from this world . November 20 , 2012  After describing the events of what happend the previous night before to my girlfriend , she replied in amazement that her bestfriend had confided in her too that she also witnessed a bright loud flash outside of her home when she was inside . The incident occured in Franklin , tn Williamson Co . About 3 hours away from my location . From what my girlfriend told me , her friend described the incident just as i did . LOUD , Fast , EXTREMELY BRIGHT FLASH , EXTREMELY CLOSE to earth , not far in the sky where it would look like a star or meteor . I , with my word . promise to you , i witnessed this with my own eyes . I don't know if its a UFO or a natural reaction of some sort of chemicals and other components in the sky .  But i have never witnessed anything like that in my life , and after researching it online .  I have came to the conclusion that what i saw has no definate explination , but definately is a common occurence . I am extremely scared and paranoid . I hope they are not here to hurt anyone .  I am confused about the situation and i hope some day we can get a peaceful answer to this .;35.8025;-89.1708
