I witnessed a cluster of extremely bright white, blue and red strobe type lights at a low altitude for about two hours.;2004-12-13 20:00:00;Two hours - plus;I witnessed a cluster of extremely bright white, blue and red strobe type lights at a low altitude for about two hours. The observation started at approximately 7:45 pm.  A cold front had recently passed through so the sky was with about a 10/15 mph north wind.  I took my dog outside as I do every night and the object caught my attention right away. I was looking east/southeast.  It was approximately 15 degrees above the horizon and not moving.  The object was an extremely bright cluster of flashing red, white and blue lights in the shape of a cone or diamond (at times it was each).  The first thing to come to my mind was a helicopter in a search pattern. As I watched it there was no movement or sound, it was way too bright and I have yet to see an aircraft with lights in this formation, brightness or colors.  I was not able estimate the size or distance of the object because of not reference points.  There was a white light on top with red, white and blue lights flashing (not blinking) randomly around and on the bottom of the object.  All of the lights had the intensity of strobes.  The lights would diminish in intensity and then get extremely bright.  I watched it for approximately fifteen minutes and went back into my house to get my binoculars and my wife.  She watched it for about 10 minutes. It still showed no movement or sound.  Through the binoculars I was able to better see the individual lights but not a structure.  I watched it until approximately 9:40 pm. During that time it again diminished in brightness and moved a few degrees to the south and a few in altitude.  I finally got too cold and went back inside.  The next night I went back out during the same time period to see if this may have been a star that had fooled me due light refraction with the combination of a recent cold front and closness to the horizon.  I check three times during the same time period and the sky was empty of any lights or stars.  Just blackness. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous.  PD));32.8776;-95.7431
