Man and wife experience a dramatic sighting of a UFO hovering nearby:  A disappearing cell phone radio tower;2005-05-13 21:15:00;about 1 minute;Man and wife experience a dramatic sighting of a UFO hovering nearby:  A disappearing cell phone radio tower My wife and I were returning home from a Gospel meeting.  As we drove south on FM779 about half a mile north of our turn off on Rains County Road 2230, we looked off to our left (toward the east) and saw what looked like a cellphone radio tower.  It was lite up on top.   I remarked to my wife that I wasn't aware they were building another tower so close to the one near our home.  She said that it looked like it was lighted different for the one near us.  It looked like the top of the tower had three horizontal rows of white lights on it.  There were two red, flasing lights just below the white lights and a white strobe light above the horizontal rows of white lights.   It appeared to be taller than the tower near us so I remarked that possibly there were different lighting requirements for taller towers.  I again said to her that I wondered why they would build another tower so close to the one near us. We were looking across an open pasture of a dairy farm.  The lights looked to be, maybe, a quarter mile away. It was hard to judge distance because it was very near dark. My estimate of the distance between us and it is based on how large I would expect the platform on a radio tower to appear.  We were not alarmed and thought no more about it until the next day when we drove down the same road and there was no tower there or anything of any height anywhere near that area.  We drive down that road sometimes five times a day.  If there was a tower being erected anywhere around there we would have seen it.   I don't understand why we weren't alarmed, more observant and at least more curious when we saw the lights.  We don't know what we saw, but whatever it was, was certainly there on Friday night, May 13, 2005. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the witness, who is well known by NUFORC, and others in the UFO community, for submitting this report.  PD)) ((CORRESPONDENCE #1 WITH WITNESS)) Dear ((name deleted)), Thank you very much for the interesting report!  Given your experience in the field of ufology, I suspect that you are not predisposed to flights of fancy, when it comes to reporting a sighting, the likes of which you describe. I am processing newly received reports now, and we will have your report posted to our site very soon. Thanks, again, for sharing the information with NUFORC! Regards,  Peter ((RESPONSE FROM WITNESS)) Hi Peter, Thanks.  Really, I'm rather puzzeled.  It was all so matter-of-fact on the part of me and my wife.  We were not thinking about anything like a UFO and it did not even occur to us to stop or to question what we saw. I'm working on a map of the location where we saw whatever it was.  I also have a picture or two of the open area where we saw it and I'll try to come up with some kind of drawing of what we saw.  I'm not much of a computer artist but I think I can come up with something. ((name deleted)) ((END CORRESPONDENCE #2)) Hi Peter, Attached are some maps of where the sighting took place, a very rought sketch of what the object looked like to us, and a photo made the following day of the area where the sighting took place.  As you can see, there ain't no tower there!! Peter, please feel free to use the attachments as you see fit.  I apologize for the poor quality of the drawing of the object.  I don't have even a little bit of drawing talent. If you would like, you are free to use our names associated with this sighting.  My wife of 43+ years is named ((name deleted)). I suspect that you are correct in your suspicion show below.  When I began telling my friends of my interest in UFOs, friends that I had had for years and years suddenly began telling me about sightings that they had had.  Some of their stories were VERY interesting and unusual.  They had never said anything to anyone before about their sightings.  Certainly does make you wonder how many strange things are actually going on out there and are never reported. If you have questions about what the wife and I saw, please ask.  I don't feel like I covered it very well. Thanks,  ((name deleted)) ((END CORRESPONDENCE));32.8776;-95.7431
