Cylinder hover over trees proceding down R30 south;2011-02-27 08:47:00;10 minutes;Cylinder hover over trees proceding down R30 south 8:47 am (-05:00 gmt) Near the intersection of route 140 and route 30, cyrstal lake, ellington, ct, about 3 inches of snow this morning, skies are grey all directions, outside of work having a smoke, while the manager and customer are converseing and another local customer comes up, and thats when we notice it, down route 30 south, above the tree line. A cylinder like object just hovering not moving.  The trees are about 1/8th of a mile down the road, and about 40 feet or more tall, big pine trees.  looking at it holding out my arm with a ruler in my hand, like a painter comparing sizes, the object from the trees would appear 5 inches beyond the rulers length.  One customer suggested that it was a ballon stuck to a tree, mind you  If the object was directly above the tree and indeed a ballon, that would be at least a 10 foot string attached to it.  The other objection to it being a ballon, given the storms wind factor, it remained still for 3 - 4 minutes, a l! ittle hard for a ballon in a tree to do.  Another suggestion was that its a hawk, but again size, shape, lack of movement.  The though of a plane or helicopter was phased out of thought as well, the object was under the clouds, and quite visible, no lights, and the shape is far wrong, no noise, and given the weather conditions, i doubt a helicopter would be hovering that long with out even a slight twitch for stability, though its not like air traffic is uncommon, small airport across town, bradley international, 2 air national guard bases, and a air force reserve base all in a 50+ mile radius, we can identify a f-15, f-22, and a-10 just from the sound before we see them, chinook from black hawk, between skirosky and pratt and witney both in the state. After about 4 minutes the object start to move, some what slowly it seemed, downward farther south (judging by the object getting smaller quickly yet moving downward slowly) while retaining shape, which cances out the chance ! of a plane in midturn while approaching Bradley, which often (! mor so a t night with their lights) can seem like its stationary, or 1 single bright light. I want to remain logical on this, and the possiblity that it is something man made, but for the moment given the time, distance, clearity of the object in an unclear sky, and weather, no one that saw it could identify what it is, so by nature it is undentified and in the sky.;41.9114;-72.4626
