Large triangular craft aprox. 200-300 ft wide , hovering approximately 150 ft above ground, and making little or no sound;1988-01-09 23:00:00;3 min;Large triangular craft aprox. 200-300 ft wide , hovering approximately 150 ft above ground, and making little or no sound On the way home a number of years ago myself and my best friend ((name deleted)) were heading home via route 140 east.  As we passed a pond locally known as Stinky Pond due to stagnant water in mid-summer we pulled over ((deleted)) when one of us (I don't remember who) notiticed an enormous craft immediatly above us in the sky.  It was approximately 50 to 100 feet above the tree line and moving west at a very slow speed (2-3mph?).  In any case, I stood outside of the care, and Adam was still in it behind the drivers wheel as the craft moved directly over us.  The UFO was apprximately 200 to 300 feet across (absolutely enormous), and made virtualy no sound as it basically just sat above us (it was big enough that I could barely notice it moving when it was diriectly overhead).  As I remember, it had a number of white lights toward the out parimeter, and one or more colored lights (I was too in awe to remeber exact details but I think it was one redish light in the center).  In either case I suddenly realized I was looking at something extrordinary, and had a definite feeling that whoever or whatever was above me was looking at me as I was looking at the ship (perhaps a conditioned feeling from various UFO stuff I had seen in the past). I had  a definite impulse to get out of there.  ((name deleted)) was of the same mind , and regretably we left as a result of some instinctual fear.  The rest of the way home we spoke little except to try to figure out whether what we just saw was a bonified UFO or possible a high level military project with technology way-way beyond anything we previously would have considered possible.  We both agreed the white lights gave it a man made quality, but then we also agreed that regardless of how advanced something may be, if there was a need or desire to put any kind of lighting on a craft then why not white.  The bottom line is that me and my friend witnessed a craft approximatelly 200 to 300 feet wide from node to node (I can't give a more accurate estimate as it just completely engulfed ! the sky above me), and the thing was moving at a barely perceptable speed, and made little or no sound.  I say little or no sound because I kind of remeber a really low hum like that of an air conditioner, but it's been so long that I can't be sure. In any case, I personally would not be sharing this (as I do not care whether it was military or extraterestial as I believe the first is probably far more advanced than I would imagine, and the second is a given when considering the likelihood), but I am sharing as I plan on being hyptnotized so as I can remember it better as time has made the memory less clear, and it was just absolutely too cool to let the details become blurred.  In addition, I also want to get hyptnotized so that I can compare my description under hypnosis to those of a recent show I saw on the Discovery Channel which descibed a very similiar craft.  Before I get hyptnotized I am willing to take a lie detector test and recount the sighting in as much detail as I can remember for those who feel that it is important to prove to the world what most of us just know makes sense anyhow. If you would like to contact me about this please do so in the next couple of months before I get Hypnotized as hypnotism will diminish the the validity of any lie detector test. Sincerely, Bryan Addicott;41.9114;-72.4626
