Craft West to East/ Red Flashing/ Craft East to West/ Red flashing/ Triangular Shape with Sun Rising LOW LEVEL FLIGHT;2020-05-20 03:00:00;2 hours;Craft West to East/ Red Flashing/ Craft East to West/ Red flashing/ Triangular Shape with Sun Rising LOW LEVEL FLIGHT Awoke at 2:30 am, highly aware as sightings have continued since first Initial Report on 2/29/20. Low flying Craft travelling East to West with Red Flashing light. Later, low flying craft heading West to East with red flashing light on bottom.  Was able to see craft was Triangular in form.  In between sightings have been white lights hoovering in all directions then light intensifies for a few seconds.  Also, while on phone a red what appears as a low level firework appears off in the wooded area.  At approx. 20 degrees.  These proceed in a variation between white and red with no apparent sound.  Highly wooded Area all around. 1000 Population residing in Solon. Dismissed it until last evening, while watching a You Tube video in the UK with one craft that splits into two with firework trails behind them. Spoke with my ex husband this week who has a friend that is a logger, cutting trees approx. 6 to 8 miles from my home.Before sunrise at his yard ,a ship was there hoovering and 3 other Crafts appeared, connecting themselves by beams of Lights/Lazer's . My ex had not believed me until talking to his friend.  I have acquired his phone number but would rather speak to him in person. There is also a Video someone has, who saw maybe the same ship I saw on 2/29/20.  Here, also in Solon Maine.  This was taped on Route # 201, 2 miles South from me. I have an inspector from Augusta Maine who closed the First Initial Report but can reopen it after seeing the Video or coming to Solon one evening to view the sky with me. What I have seen is a Carbon Copy of the Video the Turkish Government has released with what appears to have 2 Occupants seated in it. With the Allagash Incident and The UFO in Starks Maine 1981 I hope there will be more interest in what I am Viewing. Especially, with the frequency and duration and other sightings seen other than myself.   Thank You;44.9694;-69.8356
