Low flying metalic saucer slowly flying over apartment complex  (30 feet in air and silent);1976-09-05 02:00:00;3 minutes;Low flying metalic saucer slowly flying over apartment complex  (30 feet in air and silent) First off, I would like to mention that the date is a best guess. This event took place 30 years ago.  The only part of the date I could be sure on was that it took place 1 to 2 days before a major holiday. I was very young then and the whole event seems like a story now, or more like something that I have watched on TV.  Its hard for me to believe that I really saw it.  And as time has passed it has become just a memory, but one of those memories that sticks out in your childhood.  It was late at night.  I would wake up in the middle of the night and go into my parents bedroom to crawl in bed with them or to hang out in their room so that I would not be alone in my room late at night. (I was a kid...what do you want)   On this night I was in their room and was just looking out the window.  The apartment complex we lived in had 4 units per building(2 story) and probably 10 separate buildings.  As I was looking out my parents upstairs window, slowly and silently a metalic saucer shape approximatley 30 feet across moved into my eyesight from over another apartment complex.   The pace of the object was that of someone walking.  It flew just over the tree tops and the building and thats why I guess it was 30 feet high.  It was about 25-30 feet infront of the window/building that I was in.  I have re-visited this place since to gage the height and size of the object.  I have drawn pictures of this object a couple of times in my life to better illustrate the object for a few freinds that I have shared the sighting with over the years.   The object looked like it was a rough polished metal. Light bronze/silver.  Flat on the bottom except for right in the center of the underside.  It had a 10 foot across inverted cone shaped area that went into the object.   As I watched, it continued to move over the building and over a small parking area (directly infront of me) and continued on in the same direction.  I watched it until it went our of sight.  I waited...it never came back.   As I was so young, the event at the time did not seem that remarkable.  I do not even remember sharing this event with any adult until later in life.  I did though in fact share the experience with my cousins at a holiday/family gathering the next day(or day after).  I remember telling them and them laughing at me.  They were all older than me.  I remember them distinctly asking me if it had lights and what color they were?  I told them it had no lights they continued laughing and asked how I saw it then?   That was the end of my credibility with them and they stopped listening.   It was true, it had no lights.  The moon light, street light or what ever light that was being emitted from the area just reflected off the object to reveal the detail of the metal.  It was so close I didn't need any other light. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that tdateof the event is approximate.  PD));41.314;-81.6755999999999
