Knowledge for a perpetual energy device,and how to create a gravity wave for anti-gravity perpulsion. FREE- ASK;1996-07-15 21:00:00;2-3hours;((NUFORC Note:  Witness apparently has solved the long-standing problem of gravity, but he fails to provide his e-mail address, or any other contact information.  The world apparently will have to wait another 500 years for the solution, discovered by someone who remembers to include his e-address.     :>)   PD)) Knowledge for a perpetual energy device,and how to create a gravity wave for anti-gravity perpulsion. FREE- ASK saw a bright light,driven out of town a couple of miles to investigate,parked with lights toward the glowing object,the light pulsed,light changed to linnier row of lights,about 500 feet above ground,moved at near a blur towards us,then stopped and floated a few feet above the high line wires,and rested about 30 feet above us.I remember saying 0 my GOD the wife was in the truck,after it left i staggerd towards the truck the wife was still in a frozen state untill i called her name.We lost our home, my CO. and nearly lost our lives from deprission.Over the next 4 years,i built a device that extracts aquired force from eccelerated protons,forming an artifical nuclei,creating a pliable,stable gravity wave.Ialso understand our purpose here,and what life is about,and more than can be typed here.I wish we could tell everything.((initials deleted));35.1691367454068;-101.883434908137
Craft shaped like a cube of bright swirling light, hovering over downtown Amarillo at 3:00 a.m., spot lights and heavenly music . . .;2005-06-20 03:00:00;1 hour;Craft shaped like a cube of bright swirling light, hovering over downtown Amarillo at 3:00 a.m., spot lights and heavenly music . . . After retiring to bed on a late Sunday evening in a cheap downtown motel room in Amarillo, watching television until I fall asleep, I tossed and turned until somewhere between 2:30 and 3:00 a.m., when suddenly a light flickered through the curtains.  I didn’t pay much attention as I thought it to be a neon sign on the Bank of America building across the street.  I rolled over and attempted to sleep when the light again flickered through the curtains.  I still ignored it, and again with even more intensity the light flickered through the curtains. I reluctantly got up and moved the curtains so I could see where the light was coming from.  I looked up at the top of the Bank of America building of about 20 stories high and the neon sign was not flickering.  I was closing the curtains when I noticed what I thought was a police helicopter surrounded by bright lights. Spot lights were coming from the base and shining in various spots in the parking lot.  My first thought was that it was some kind of drug bust and the helicopter would be landing with a swat team.  However, the craft did not land, but stayed hovering high in the dark night.  Now it had definitely got my attention. As I focused on it, I made out the shape to be a cube, definitely three dimensional.  I couldn’t make out any substance such as steel.  It was a cube of light, swirling bright light on a three dimensional cube.  I was still trying to rationalize what it could be.  I then remembered seeing special shape hot air balloons in Albuquerque which lit up at night in similar fashion.  That’s what is must be, I told myself.  Then something even stranger happened.  I heard musical tones similar to wind chimes or ancient flutes that we often hear in Greek mythology type movies.  But the sounds were coming from inside my head even though it felt I was hearing them with my ears. I became afraid and did not move for about 20 minutes while I continued to watch.  I finally said to myself, What ever it is knows I am here, and I cannot hide from it.   I immediately dressed and walked outside.  I stayed underneath the 2nd floor overhang and peered out to see above.  It was even more magnificent when viewing through the night air although it was hard to focus on, somewhat blurred.  At that moment I was surrounded by an orchestra of musical tones again sounding like ancient flutes or pipes.  I thought to myself, how beautiful!  The song was child like, something you might hear a children’s nursery.  Again, I heard the music in my head and outside, but not in our natural way of hearing, hard to explain . . . To make a long story short, I packed my bags and was running to my SUV when an early morning garbage truck and driver stopped in the alley next to my car. I looked at the driver in the eyes and signaled to look up with my eyes.  I turned and ran with luggage in tow, got in my car and drove two hours to my home in Lubbock.  I drove to my sister’s office where my mother happened to be and told both of them what I witnessed.  By the look on their faces they were fearful for me.  I phoned a friend of mine who happens to be a deputy sheriff in Amarillo to ask if anyone had phoned in such a sighting in the early morning dark.  He laughed hysterically and said no, but would let me know if anyone did.  He did not call back.  I’ve since moved to Phoenix and have told only a handful of people what I witnessed that early morning on June 20, 2005, five years ago. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report elects to remain anonymous.  PD));35.1691367454068;-101.883434908137
Shiny heart shaped object in amarillo texas;2008-11-20 18:00:00;2 hours;Shiny heart shaped object in amarillo texas   I was washing my truck at a local car wash, for some reason I cant remember why but I looked up. As soon as I looked up a shiny heart shaped object caught my eye, the object wasnt moving it was just there floating in the same spot. It didnt move at all, I finished washing my truck and on the way home I could still see it in the rear view mirror. I called a friend and asked him to look outside and he did, he said he saw the heart shaped object as well. I was amazed when I got home I sat in the patio and just starred at it for about 40 mins, all of a sudden it vanished quickly. I got up and walked about 4 feet just to make sure it did disappear, then about 10 seconds later a little red circle appeared but this time it was moving in circles. I also called my mom and brother to tell them about the objects, the were on the other side of town. They also said they saw it. ((NUFORC NOTE:  Witness indicates that date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.1691367454068;-101.883434908137
Bright multi colored spinning object in Amarillo Texas about 3 AM duration at least ten minutes.  ((NUFORC Note:  Star??  PD));2010-09-28 03:00:00;?;Bright multi colored spinning object in Amarillo Texas about 3 AM duration at least ten minutes. On September 28, 2010 at 3 AM my son and I saw a very bright, twinkling light to the northeast of our house.  It was very low in the sky and we could see it just above the roof line of our neighbor’s house.  With the naked eye it looked like it was changing colors very faintly.  We looked at it through a telescope and it appeared to be a flattened round object with very bright multicolored lights on it and it was spinning.  It did not appear to be moving.  I have looked at the stars for years and I know that it was not a planet nor was it the space station.  I have never seen anything like it.  My telescope does not have the capability to take photographs so we could not take a picture.  Interestingly it appeared to be in the direction of Pantex, which if you know the area is a nuclear facility which takes bombs apart.  It was in that direction.  I would really like to know what this was. ((NUFORC Note:  Star??  PD));35.1691367454068;-101.883434908137
A very long string of white lights appearing to be of the same enormous object configured in a line.  ((Starlink satellites??));2021-04-07 21:02:00;2 minutes;A very long string of white lights appearing to be of the same enormous object configured in a line traveling silently at a high speed. Very visible long straight line of white lights, not blinking but constant, very close together appearing to be originating from the same craft.  Craft was moving from NW to SE at a rapid rate but gave no sound at all. Craft appeared to be high in the sky, approximately 7000 ft.  Was not low, which adds to the enormous size of the craft.  Craft faded out very high in the sky after passing over, which again proves it was enormous and not an optical illusion. Craft flew at a constant speed.  Could not see a defined shape of the craft, only the lights. Took photo with camera on phone.;35.1691367454068;-101.883434908137
