Triangular UFO over okanagan lake;2009-03-05 03:00:00;5 Minutes;Triangular UFO over okanagan lake Reluctant to bring this up but I have been having strange nighttime apparitions which seem to be harmless but are becoming more and more frequent. Have been having these for 9 or 10 years. Anyway aside from that have had many curious and odd things happen. I would like to start with my sighting in March 2005 at 3:00am in Summerland, B.C.. I was visiting relatives in Summerland, B.C. and go there regularly, on this particular evening oddly enough we were discussing UFO's and my comment was, How could you not believe there are UFO's or other types of beings? The universe is so big we would be arrogent to think we were the only beings to exist.   There was some agreements and disagreements and the conversation fizzled out and eventually everyone went to bed. I was staying in my cousins house in the bedroom attic with the head of my bed facing south. I woke up looking out of the north window and it was very bright out and didn't think much of it then looked out the south window at the head of my bed to see if the light was comeing from the south. When I turned to look out of my bedroom window it was anything but bright, in the middle of the sky probably about 1/4 mile from me over the Okanagon Lake was a beautiful black triangle with lights on each corner. I pinched myself and patted myself down to make sure I wasn't dreaming and was stunned and frightened. It was really beautiful and smooth and black. I thought maybe for a moment it was a new type of plane like a stealth but I knew at once it wasn't. I wanted to run downstairs and tell my cousin but, #1. I didn't want to freak her out and #2. I was afraid to move. Anyway It silently hung in the air and did not move, I didn't sense it was hovering at all it was just there as still as anything. The triangle was probably about as large as a football field and extremely smooth and beautiful to look at. While I was looking at this UFO or whatever it was, this huge opalescent ball, (something like a bubble full of soap) came right up out of the top of it and hovered for a few seconds then flew straight up in the air and disapeared. By now I was totally freaked out and ran downstairs to get my cousin and of course by the time I could calm down and tell her what happened we ran back upstairs and it was gone. Naturally my cousin thinks I'm a nut and had too much to drink. (for the record I wasn't drunk)  I have always been a believer of things that are unusal and strange to us that the majority of people refuse to think is possible, this event has totally solidified my belief in UFO's or whatever you want to call them. I know what I saw and regardless of what anyone thinks there is something going on here that our government is well aware of and has been for many years.  My ex-husband and I have also witness ball lightning floating through our bedroom window in 1994. It floated around the room very slowly then left with an explosive crashing sound through our night light. Nothing was damaged, although it sounded like the light shattered . My ex husband is about as cynical and skeptical as they come, so, slightly happy that such a skeptic actually saw this strange phenonema.  Further back in the 70's my aunt and I witnessed a huge fireball in the Nevada desert. We were on our way to Disneyland for a family trip (I think I was 10) I was in our camper on top of the higher bunk with the window facing forward towards the road. My aunt and I were the only people to witness this huge fireball that seemed to come toward us then blow up. The funny thing was that my aunt and I never talked about it until 20 years later. She has also been a witness to UFO's. Although, I have great interest in Ufology, she does not, but certainly cannot deny what she has seen.  To tell you the truth this frightens me a bit and have read alot of books on the subject and have come to a few of my own conclusions, mostly conspiracy. I certainly hope letting you know about this does not open a can of worms for me but have wanted to chat about it for some time. I did report this incident to UFOBC years ago but to me its always at the forfront of my mind and     wanted to share it with whomever would listen. Sincerely ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));49.5961;-119.6746
