A cigar-shaped craft about 100-200 feet, hovering, yellowish-orange with red and white lights.;1975-04-01 20:00:00;two minutes;A cigar-shaped craft about 100-200 feet, hovering, yellowish-orange with red and white lights.  500 Lights On Object0: Yes I am quite certain it was on a Tuesday night between 8 and 9pm that I (age 11) and the rest of my family (mom, age 36 brother, age 12 brother, age 17) saw the craft. The popular TV show MASH was on in our living room which faced Colorado Blvd, the street where we lived. My mother and two brothers were in the living room watching MASH, and I was in the family room watching another TV show. I could see and hear through our kitchen into our living room, where the rest of my family was watching television. I began to hear some excitement coming from the living room and went in to see what was going on. My whole family was staring out the window when suddenly my brother (17) darted to his room to get a camera and out the front door he went. I took his place at the window and was amazed at what I saw. Above the houses across the street and hovering, was a cigar-shaped disc, about 100-200 feet long, bright, with what I can remember as alternating white and red lights. Things began to happen very fast and the excitement was none like I’ve experienced before. We all were outside within seconds of me entering the living room to see what was going on. Once outside, my brother (17) easily scaled onto our roof via our front porch. My other brother (12) ran out into the front yard. I can remember my mother being very concerned, she kept me by her side as we continued to watch from our front porch. My brother’s camera was a cheap Kodak with a flash, but in the dark, he was unlucky at getting any kind of exposure. Anyway, we watched the craft through the tall trees, hover back and forth, over the houses, for about two minutes. The trees were not in bloom as of yet (my estimated date of 4/1 very easily could have been late February or March) and I could see the object through the trees. Another aspect that I am certain of is that I could see through the craft, I mean, it was a clear starry night, facing Mt. Rose and Slide Mountain, part of the Sierra Nevada Mountains which are easily visible on a clear ! day. At night, however, all one could see were the stars, and I can remember seeing the stars through the outline of the craft, which was bright orange-yellow. The lights I mentioned earlier went from one end to the other, through the center of the cigar shape. The strangest thing about our sighting is that is seemed very dark and quiet on our street for that time of night. Not one of our neighbors, who we all knew very well, were outside at that time, and not a single vehicle drove by. The episode, as I said, lasted about two minutes. The last thing I remember is that it all of the sudden disappeared, either from speeding away, or vanishing into thin air, I can’t say which. I am confident the year was 1975 for a number of reasons which I won’t get into here for this could get very long. I will say that this sighting has never left my consciousness. I rarely tell anyone and very rarely discuss it with my family. I can also say that the experience immediately (within one year) turned me and my mother into UFO buffs, of a sort. I can remember reading my first UFO book (Project Blue Book) I checked out at my school library (Vaughn Middle School). Ever since we’ve shared information and still do to this day, but we rarely venture into a conversation about that night. The experience has changed my life, and at the ripe age of almost forty-three, my interest has peaked so much that I have finally taken the time to write it down. That night we called the radio station and they thought we were joking. I told my friends at school and they didn’t believe my either. I do remember my mother telling us one of here friends from the hospital where she worked, spotted the craft. This person, according to my mom lived across Plumb Lane, so it made sense that she could have seen the same thing we did. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.4808242714412;-119.784778830135
looking directly east, saw object slowly moving north from south, stop, drop 3 fireballs, slowly moved south and with no hesitation, to;1993-05-09 00:00:00;3 to 5 min.;looking directly east, saw object slowly moving north from south, stop, drop 3 fireballs, slowly moved south and with no hesitation, took off like it was shot from a sniper's rifle east. at exactly midnight, walking directly east to my work post, i noticed something moving slowly north from the south, above the eastern mountain's that surround the truckee meadow's. as i stopped to watch, this cigar shaped object (fat in the middle, taperd ends)at a min. distance of 20 miles, came to a complete halt. from the north end of this immense craft (covered two mountain tops) it dropped 3 sparkler like fireballs about 5 sec. apart. after about a min. or so, it slowly moved back south and from my location, as it reached rattlesnake mountain, it shot east and was gone. i do mean SHOT, literally. before this event, i witnessed, i have 5 years experience as an aircraft refueling supervisor at LAX & RNO. my employer's at both site's had the military contract's for fueling. any aircraft produced before 1985, including aeroflot & airbus, i have fueled and trained other's to fuel.;39.4808242714412;-119.784778830135
bright beam of light may have landed in reno, nevada;2010-01-23 01:30:00;5 minutes;bright beam of light may have landed in reno, nevada The object I saw was a cigar shaped, disk that was really bright.  No rotating lights or flashing just all one bright light it was half vertical and horizontal looking. F rom what we saw the craft looked fairly big there was only one in the sky.  There was no change of colors or paths left behind of what we seen.  My boyfriend and I were driving by the Clayton middle school area when we saw the full craft we couldn’t tell if it was moving or if it was just us but we assume it was.  Passing Wal-Mart we couldn’t see the object, no where in site until we went up Beaumont Parkway by the Mormon temple we saw in the distance by Verdi and passed Boomtown that the object went behind the mountains and looked like it landed horizontally,  It went really slow and when we couldn’t see the object there was a sunset looking background that was a yellowish orange color.  We stayed there for like 5 minutes and the colors where fading. 10 minutes later it was all black;39.4808242714412;-119.784778830135
