Bright yellowish lights in a triangle to diamond shape in the west skies over Cotulla Texas!;2009-02-26 21:45:00;1 1/2 min.;Bright yellowish lights in a triangle to diamond shape in the west skies over Cotulla Texas! There were four lights in the sky, in the west mid section of the sky.  The lights appeared one after another and formed a triangle shape then the fourth into a diamond shape and moved upward very fast and then formed into a straight line and separated in different directions.  The lights were yellowish orange like in color and very bright.   All this took place in about one and a half minutes. Shortly after there were what appeared to be two jets at a very high altitude following the lights.  The reason I thought they were jets is because there were blinking lights and the color of the lights were white.  This is not the first time and we are not the only ones who have seen the lights.  Other people have told me the same story at work when they saw the light.  Every time we see this it’s almost the same thing in event that happens.;28.4432;-99.2326
Lights in Cotulla TX southern skies orange like moving around and jumping @ very high speed followed by jet!;2011-07-28 21:45:00;22:00;Lights in Cotulla TX southern skies orange like moving around and jumping @ very high speed followed by jet! This is the fifth time we see these lights! four times in the west skies of Cotulla TX and at about the same times.  after the events their always followed by jets at very high altitudes!   The fifth sighting was different, this time the lights were in the south skies as I was BBQing I was sitting facing the south when they appeared first two lights they were orange like, they would turn on and move slowly then jump across at a very high speed, there were four of us who saw them, my self and my wife have seen the lights before my friend could not believe what he was seeing!   they went away for about 5-8 minutes then came back again they would slowly turn on move around then jump very fast across. I told my friend that the past sightings were followed by two jets this time only one jet came out from the north and at a very high altitude where you could barley hear it. This last sighting was on july 28 of 2011 around 9:45 pm, if anyone saw the same thing please po! st it on this site!;28.4432;-99.2326
Mysterious lights which seemed to have some circular movement from left to right and again right to left;2012-06-25 22:00:00;Work;Mysterious lights which seemed to have some circular movement from left to right and again right to left Clear night and bright moon was the description of the night sky, a light above the town appeared when all of a sudden the solid light broke up into multiple lights going from left to right and again from right to left this happened (3) three separate times and was followed which looked like a blink of a light (like an aircraft) at night went from right and then continued to go left at an unusual speed too fast to keep track of with binoculars. It was about (10) ten minutes later an employee asked what was going on as I described what went on, at that same time I saw a bright (red) light and and all of a sudden it happened again its like a trail of lights from (horizontal) left to right (3)three separate times at different areas top, bottom and to the left or something of that matter and again followed by this time (2) two aircraft lights which followed in the same direction and a few seconds later separated going different directions (the second encountered happened at a different location from a one a clock to a three o'clock position there were a total of five witnesses.;28.4432;-99.2326
Star like object with osculating flight path heading N NE South Texas.;2012-11-12 18:55:00;1 minute;Star like object with osculating flight path heading N NE South Texa's This is the second time I have seen a blue light which appears to be at a high elevation no flashing light last appearance was 6/11/12…  The object appears to look just like a medium magnitude blue star..  I work in the oil field and smoke behind my sleeping quarters and scan the sky.  I first observed the object at about 90 degrees to the horizon, so pretty much straight above my head.. the object generally flew north and then north east..  What is particularly odd about the object is that its flight path is not a straight line the is a wobble to the path back and forth.. think of a rope stretched tight and you flick one end.. the flight path reassembles the osculation of the rope, this can not be a conventional plane .. there is no flashing light just blue to bluish white… looks just like a moving star..  not much wind at ground level.. the object appears to be very high in the sky…;28.4432;-99.2326
