Large 100 ft long 50 ft high oval sphere shiny like a blob of mercury tree top level 100 yards away or closer.;1992-05-25 14:00:00;1 minute;Large 100 ft long 50 ft high oval sphere shiny like a blob of mercury tree top level 100 yards away or closer. large oval shaped silver mettalic blob  over 100 ft long 50 feet high , during daylight within 100 yard of us at tree top level. My wife and I live in fairdale 7 miles west of Montrose, PA. In a very remote area. We were in our garden on a bright clear day. It wasn't very windy but a steady breeze was blowing fron west to east (5-10 miles per hour) We were both facing north and looking at the ground when we heard a noise like wind swishing over something and turned around to see a large oval shaped sphere less than 100 yards away floating above the tree tops going against the wind. We stared at it . It looked like a giant ball of mercury going from east to west against the wind causing a sound as the wind blew around it. it slowly moved across the tree top behind some trees at the lower portion of our property. I tried to get a better look at it and walked down the field to see were it went. Then ran to the workshop and called a neighbor down the road where the craft was heading. He ran out side but could not see it. This thing had no lights , windows, motor or anything it almost looked like a blimp but was so shiny it looked like a polished mirror surface IT WAS NOT A BLIMP OR MAN MADE BALLON it just dissappeared behind the trees. The strange thing was we (my wife and I I) never talked about it until a few days or weeks later. I said to her what do you think that was and she said who knows Till this day we can't remember where our kids where or why we didn't react more freaked out by this experience. We remained very calm and went back to gardening At the time our kids were young some preschool and don't know why they were not with us in the garden or near by. I'm glad my wife saw it too or I would think I might have been hallucinating. It seemed the craft made no sound and we wouldn't have known it was behind us except for the noise the wind made blowing over it. Also it seems strange that we were'nt afraid of it. I have search the web for similar disciptions but can't find any. I have never seen anything so shiny in my life, just like mercury. no lights, windows gondala, propsetc just a silver sphere going agaisnt the wind. ((NUFORC Note:  Witnesses were husband and wife.  Husband is engineer.  Date is approximate.  PD));41.8413;-75.8795
