Star/Plane looking Red,Blue,and White flashing light,slowly moving;2001-02-04 00:01:00;2-3 hours;Star/Plane looking Red,Blue,and White flashing light,slowly moving I was watchin late night T.V with my brother,when I noticed what appeared to be a plane with red,blue,and white lights. first I thought it was a plane because they are always flying past our house.But I noticed that it had stopped,so I just stood in front of my living room window,and watched it until i couldnt see it anymore.It would flash blue,red,and white lights,and slowly move directions,and at one point it made a quick move to the left,then right,and it went up and down.Me and my brother were shocked.We kept our eyes on it the whole time,and it continued moving slowly,and once we actually saw it do almost like a 360 degree turn.Then as time went by it stayed still in one spot for a pretty long while,then it went lower,and trees were blocking our vision,so we couldnt see it anymore..That was the most awesome expierience I've ever come across,because I never beleived in UFO's...I always thought they were fake,and people were making stories up,But I am SO convinced that was a UFO.;29.9112;-98.2374
Unexplained light pattern that lasted for over an hour;2007-08-03 23:30:00;2 1/2 hours;Unexplained light pattern that lasted for over an hour Unexplained lights in the sky over Canyon Lake, in Canyon Lake, Texas on 8/3/2007. We saw this at 11:30 last night.  It was a hazy sky last night with large grey clouds moving to the north.  The first time we saw the light, it was a bright light moving at a high rate of speed high in the sky over Canyon Lake.  It was moving north to southwest.  There was a large grey cloud in front of it, so at first we thought it was a shooting star. After the cloud moved, we saw the light would move from North to Southwest, back to North and then it would move from North to Northeast stopping at certain points, then go back to the Southwest.  It was a cycle that never stopped. We then thought that it might have been a strobe of light from the ground like the large lights they put in a parking lot to attract attention, but we never saw any strobe of light from the ground up.  This light pattern was high up in the sky and it would change it’s interval’s of speed, but never changing the pattern that it took. We have a telescope, but due to the rate of speed and the distance that it would travel, we could not capture it.  We did not have a camera or a video to take any picture of this. We decided to go to bed, but opened our curtains to watch from our bed.  This pattern of light showed non-stop, the last time I checked the time, it was around 1:00 a.m., at that point, it had not stopped.;29.9112;-98.2374
