We noticed a bright lime green colored object coming across the sky right above the tree tops.  It went slowly across the sky from nort;1999-10-31 20:00:00;5 minutes;We noticed a bright lime green colored object coming across the sky right above the tree tops.  It went slowly across the sky from northeast to southwest direction.  It made NO sound what so ever. No humming, no vibrations, nothing.  It continued across the sky and faded away.  Eight adults and two children witnessed this. My husband and I was outside looking at our Grandchildren TrickorTreating when all of a sudden we noticed a object that was coming across the sky above the tree tops.  It was a big bright lime green object and we could not tell what shape it was exactly because of the darkness.  To me it was more like an egg shape, but my husband says he remembers it to be more of a rectangular object.  We all watched it closely and quietly because the object made no sound.  This made us feel very eerie and our first reaction and instinct was to get the children inside.  We watched though and it went over our heads slowly and quietly.  It went above the tree tops and into the sky ahead and we watched it as far as we could see.  It never picked up any speed or slowed down.  The green color was the oddest thing about the incident because the object was so mystifying.  There we no flashing lights on it like a plane or helicopter would be.  It was all green.  We are in a flight path for the Hartsfield Airport, but approximately 60 miles out. (N to S path).  This object came across the sky from a different direction than other planes and helicopters.  There were eight adults  and two children witnessing this object.  We were simply amazed at the quietness.  At first we thought that it could be the Stealth Bomber, but this object was going too slow and there were no flashing lights front side or rear like a normal aircraft would be.  Last week my mother in law heard about a sighting similar around the Peachtree Dekalb Airport.  This was on the local news channel and it told of an object that made no sound as it went over and was green in color.;34.0208;-83.8252
