Baraboo, IW, 3 red / orange objects east of town;2016-07-03 22:05:00;5 minutes;Baraboo, IW, 3 red / orange objects east of town At around 10:05 pm, (July 3, 2016) two people, who were star gazing witnessed three UFO’s just east of Baraboo, WI, USA.  The first was perceived as a dim red, roughly triangular light, point down, about 5° above the northern horizon moving SSW. Inspection with binoculars confirmed that this was not an aircraft, although it sometimes ‘shined’ as if there were navigation lights or a rotating beacon of some sort.  This wasn’t the case as, none were present when examined with the glasses.  While the first continued toward the SW, another came up fast from the SE, heading NNW from behind a bluff (long, hills about 500 feet high, the couple were on the north base of a bluff east of Baraboo).  The object continued to the NE (about thirty seconds to a minute or so from about 45° south from zenith until it passed into the earth’s shadow). 	The second object was a glowing red/orange shape, roughly triangular (point downward) until you looked at it through binoculars, when it showed as a bright yellowish light with a soft aura around it to the front and diminishing behind.  Oddly, the red orange triangular shape was not observed.  The light was rather oval in shape. When this second one neared the northern horizon, it faded and one observer realized it had passed into the earth’s penumbra.  This was evident because a black oval continued to travel without any light around it, suggesting this was a solid object that had been illuminated by the sun, rather than a self-illuminated object that had ‘faded’.  While it traveled this way, the first object faded and was lost to view, about 20° from true north.  As far as the observers could guess, it continued on a southwestern heading. 	After about five minutes, a third object followed the path of the second where it had appeared over the bluff. It looked exactly the same and faded in the same place near the horizon as the second had, but could not be observed after ‘vanishing’ due to light conditions.  It is not impossible for this to have been the first object that was sighted moving SW, having regained altitude and followed the second’s path. 	Other observations:  No sound, no deviation in course.   Altitude and size are unknown, but a little simple math applying the altitude of the earth’s penumbra at 22:05 on July 3, 2016, for Baraboo at 43.4711°N by 89.7443°W would give at least the altitude for when they entered the shadow.  Observers assume that this would indicate a descent from a high altitude.  Relative size was approximately ¼ of a thumb nail when observed with the naked eye from the ground.  Overall shape or form is unknown. Although the object was observed in silhouette through 20 power binoculars, the ‘oval’ observed is far from conclusive as far as any structure is concerned. 	One witness is a former airport employee and military / combat zone veteran who has a very WIDE visual lexicon from fixed and rotary winged aircraft, flares, bombs, missiles and such. This was NOT a phenomenon of this type, nor did it seem naturally occurring.  There were no navigation lights on the object when it passed into the shadow and was observed for an additional thirty seconds until it blended in with the atmosphere. 	No conclusions to what the object was have been drawn. It was ‘unidentified’.;43.4831000000005;-89.7509999999985
