Triangular UFO near Baraboo, Wisconsin;1998-11-16 21:00:00;10 min;Triangular UFO near Baraboo, Wisconsin I'm not really good with dates, but I was driving home from work one night on the stretch between Sauk City and Baraboo and I saw a triangular object with three large orange glowing orbs and each point lift off the ground near a brown farm house.  I was heading north and this was east of me.  The object did 2 or 3 full 360 x,y,z axis rotations and I saw a blur of motion and it was gone. When I looked forward it was now over Badger Ordinance, again rotating and moving slowly up and down.  It then stoped all motion and a white lite came out of the bottom.  Then the same blur happened again.  A few minutes later when I was on Badger Hill goin past the junk yard on Hwy 12 the object reappeared above my car.  It couldn't have been more than 15 feet from point to point and it was made of a black material.  I saw the underside very clearly because it couldn't have been more than 20 feet above me.  The surface was not completely smooth, it had smooth vulcano shaped object on the bottom that a white light came out of.  Like a spot light.  I saw no markings on the object but I did see a clear amount of detail that I haven't written here.  I stopped when it was above me, I didn't know what else to do because I had no camera so I waved at it.  It hoovered about another minute and blurred away again.  I felt no wind and I didn't hear any noise from it at any time.  I did however find a picture on the internet that looks very close to it.  I also saw the infamous black helicopters in the area of the farm house for about 3 months afterward. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));43.4831000000005;-89.7509999999985
Massive craft seen in the Devil's Lake National Park, Baraboo, Wisconsin.;2005-07-14 00:00:00;25 minutes;Massive craft  seen in the Devil's Lake National Park, Baraboo, Wisconsin. Object seen during a night drive to Devils Lake (south Shore).  Object looked to be 200, or so, feet from each end. I first thought it was a flare, due to its red color. But as I got to the bottom of the Devil's Tail, there were two more lights.  From the clear night sky, it became clear to me this was not flares I was seeing. The object was silent.  No sound at all it was judging from the highest point of the bluffs just over 300 feet above elaphant rock.  As i had been hiking this area the morning before.  I parked in the middle of the road.  I got out of my car and checked to see if maybe campers on the other side where out seeing the object as well.  But i couldn't see any lights or hear anyone from the north side. I watched as the craft slowly moved from where I first saw it.  To the railway tracks not far from where I was parked.  The red lights which marked the ends of the craft dimmed.  The craft decedent to just above the trees still there was no sound of any kind.  From bottom middle of the craft.  A brief bright blue light shot through the pines.  The light was bright enough to hurt my eyes. It did this in bursts of five.  From my view point it seemed like it was scanning the ground.  I was terrified by this point.  Thus got back in my car.  Quietly  i will add.   I counted as many as fifteen rounds this object shot into the forest floor.  I pulled out my old flip phone and tried to get a picture of the object.  I only was able to get one when the phone Wich was fully charged died suddenly no reason. ... The object came to a full  stop at just beyond my full line of sight.  The craft stopped firing the  (beams if you will)  The end red lights brighten once again.   I put the car in nutral to coast down to see what it was or had  done to the forest floor.  I slammed it in park when I seen it rise from the tree line. I tried to restart my phone with no response it was still dead. I then heard a sound I will never forget as long as I live. .. it was the sound of rock being ripped out of the ground.  From under the forest.  But I couldn't see anything being lifted up skyward.  The trees were still. nothing moved.  The  craft slowly rose up from the forest.  Past the bluffs.  And beyond the  thousand foot range.  I watched it continue skyward.  Then it emitted a bluish swell in front of it.  The craft shot forward through the swell the swell opened then vanished with a bright flash. I wish to state i never reported this to any law enforcement agencies nor did I mention this to the local park rangers stationed in the park. ... i did return home and tell my family of my encounter.  They told me then to keep it quiet and that it was nothing. ...  The fact is I had seen something beyond my understanding that night. .. something i am now some years later able to share with the world.  My hope is that I wasn't the only one who witnessed the craft  maybe someone else will too come forward from the camp sites and share their own encounter with you as well. ...  As for me?  I believe. .. I've spent the last 13 or so years looking into the rocks and minerals that could possibly be of interest in the area. ... there's no gold  or silver in the area of the event  quartzite and the basic granite is all that's in the devil's lake. .... to this day. ... im  stumped. .. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.4831000000005;-89.7509999999985
