Triangle zigzagged.  Another shined light on us. Others jetted to horizon.;1991-11-01 03:00:00;2 hours;Triangle zigzagged.  Another shined light on us. Others jetted to horizon. I was almost home, driving thru a 1000 acre corn field after harvest on a dirt road between Indiana and Michigan 3 a.m. 1991. The sky was very clear. Out of the corner of my eye I saw an orange light descending from the sky. As I turned my head it came to a stop behind a leafless tree line on the other side of the field about 1/2 mile away. The light seemed large for aircraft maybe 2 feet in diameter. More like a small orb, yet small from the distance. It was quite peculiar, it’s color, the way it descended, and the way it came to a stop without slowing. I pulled the van over and said to my friend hey, watch that light over there. I could swear I just saw it come down out of the sky. So we sat there talking, not really paying attention. It had not moved for 10..maybe 15 minutes when I looked and it was rising up and slightly toward us. At about 60-75 ft. the orange light turned into 3 dazzling lights in a triangle pattern...Holy crap!!! Surprised the hell out of us! We looked at each other then back at the lights which were strobing in a rainbow of color so fast they seemed bright white. Then it started to zigzag 1500 feet back and forth several times like a bug without stopping or slowing. I can only guess the speed seemed to be more than 300 mph. It seemed to stay parallel to the ground at the same altitude. Needless to say by this time we were freakin out, both of us tapping each other on the shoulder, looking back and forth at each other and the alien ship, saying are you seeing what I’m seeing over and over. That’s all we could do. I was astonished. That went on for a little less than a minute. Then it headed east at a steady speed, gaining altitude. Two or three times, before it became too distant, it seemed to disappear and reappear in the same line of flight 2 or three times more distant than it should have been at the same speed almost instantly. An extreme jump in speed or should I say place because when it reappeared it was traveling at the same speed. We tried to chase it to see if we could spot it again but figured it moved on. So we headed back. As we drove back down the dirt road something drew my attention to the field on the other side of the road. So we stopped again backing up into a driveway so we could see if there was really something out there. We sat there a few minutes. It was like a dim, bluish spotlight waving back and forth. The beam seemed to extend only about 20 ft. I asked my friend if he wanted to go out there to get a closer look. He said no, and I was relived. Just put that out of mind. Now I wish I had, I always wonder what I would have seen. But I was more afraid of what might happen. I should have drove through the field. Maybe I could have run my truck into it or run down some helpless alien. Anyway, it waved 2 or 3 times with interrupts between passes. I asked my friend, wondering if it would be such a good idea, if I should flash the headlights at it, which I did. About ten seconds later directly after making another pass to the sky the light shined right on us. I have never seen a light so eerie. It seemed to be more luminescent or dissipated, fractured as though shining through a fog. It stayed on us for about 2 seconds then went about what it was doing without skipping a beat. I wondered if it was signaling some other craft. So, I got out and looked up. There were others that appeared like moving stars. I didn’t get a count but there were more than three because I remember 3 that came together in a large triangle formation then jetted away from each other almost to the extent of the horizon within 5 or six seconds. At the altitude they were at, I’m assuming space, the speed had to be tremendous. Then they flew back to form the same formation just as fast. There were others but they seemed to be stopped then would move shorter distances. I wasn’t taking much note of them though. They were hard to keep track of, they blended in with the stars and my neck got really tired after more than 15 minutes or so looking almost straight up. It had been a long night, the object in the field had stopped signaling and I’m not sure what happened to the ones in the sky. Dawn was approaching so we went home talking about it all morning. Hours later we went out into the field. The dirt was very hard. There were no signs of any activity. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.8202000000001;-86.2403999999999
Cursor shaped objects over SW Michgan;2000-10-04 17:00:00;seconds;((NUFORC Note:  We have not seen any cogent evidence that there is anything unusual about the contrails that appear in the airspace above the U. S..  PD)) Cursor shaped objects over SW Michgan Over the past week in the skies over SW Michigan we have been subjected to heavy contrail spraying.  This was my reason for watching the sky.  With my binoculars and video camera ready I watched and taped as continuous streams of high flying aircraft left trail after trail in all directions.  There has been a constant sound of distant jet roars in the sky but with no visible craft and this over a fairly rual area. This day though the sound was much louder and followed shortly by the sound of a low level helicopter.  While trying to get the helicopter on my video camera I noticed strange movements from behind the haze of a contrail directly overhead. After several unsuccessful attempts to focus in on the object with the camera I opted for the binoculars.  Looking in the direction of the roars I saw something move across my field of vision so I tracked along with it and could not believe my eyes. My first impression was that it was a bird soaring in a thermal but then it began to move in the sky so fluidly and was then joined by two similar craft and then performed a beautiful aerial display and crossed huge expanses in the sky seemingly accelerating and decelerating at will and turning on a dime. I was just recently at the Chicago Air show and watched the Blue Angels do their stuff and it does'nt even come close to what I witnessed.  My entire world has been rocked by this experience and I cannot seem to let it go as nothing.  My original reason for watching the sky that day was to gather evidence of contails on tape and stumbled upon this with an open mind and have been completly convinced of the existance of something in our skies.  I have some very interesting video that has freaked many people out but without the ability to see it frame by frame I don't know what I have here.  Many good detectable objects in the sky moving in strange ways but due to distance and speed of the objects focus is less than perfect. Some appeared to be similar to a cursor shape and some disc shaped objects that reflect su! nlight a nd have stealth type obscurity with different positions.  Now that I have seen this and know where to look when you hear the sounds in the sky I have seen this 3 seperate times and I feel that my eyes deceive me.  It is as though the contrais are acting as shield to try to obscure what is happening above. I'm frightened and feel that this was of significance enough to report it here.;41.8202000000001;-86.2403999999999
5 dancing lights in the middle of the night.;2008-08-09 02:00:00;Unknown;5 dancing lights in the middle of the night. I woke from sleeping in a tent and stepped out to use the restroom sometime in the middle of the night.  When I looked up I saw three dancing lights, all in sync with each other toward the East, like a triangle.  Then I looked North and saw one.  Then to the West and saw one more.  I watched them for about 5 minutes, used the bathroom, then went back to sleep in the tent.  They were a bit brighter than stars.  I have no idea how close or how far they were.  Due to trees I could not look to the South.  It was strange.;41.8202000000001;-86.2403999999999
