Super-colossal circle of rotating lights perpendicular to the ground sailing over major city.;1980-01-15 21:45:00;8 Minutes;Super-colossal circle of rotating lights perpendicular to the ground sailing over major city. To Whom It May Concern,  First of all, let it be known that I am not a UFO believer per say.  Although this occurred approximately 27 years ago, I thought it's time to report to various UFO investigation organizations. I hope this is worthy. Thank you.  Around the winter of 1980, January perhaps, I just got off work at 9:30 P.M. from the auto dealership. I was a car salesman at the time. I started driving towards the city of Toronto, Canada, on the QEW (Queen Elizabeth Way) eastbound to meet some friends at a bar on the Esplanad (a street lined with nightclubs). I didn't have anything to drink and didn't smoke any pot on that day/evening.  As I was driving, I noticed a string of lights slowly rotating counter clockwise over the city of Toronto, at about the ten o'clock position from my point of view. This caught my eye because these formation of lights were very unusual. The lights were evidently in a circular pattern with about two thirds visible as the other third rotated out of view. Imagine a pie plate with about 25 lights around the circumference of it. As this pie plate would revolve, a third of these lights would be hidden from view as if they were obstructed by a solid body. It was at night so all I could see was these rotating string of lights but they were definitely on a fixed platform as the lights were revolving in unison.  Although I've heard of UFO's and was curious, at that time in my life, I didn't really give that much thought about them. I've always been interested in nature and especially about the universe. I've seen all kinds of aircraft and advertising blimps at night before. I drove taxi's off and on for fifteen years on the night shift and have seen countless meteors, lightening, satellites etc. On two occasions I've even seen extremely bright, slow falling, green fireball meteors lighting up the ground, for a couple of seconds, as if it was daylight . I've read, in later years, were other witnesses reported green fireballs as UFO's. I chuckled to myself thinking how easily UFO believers can be fooled by natural phenomenon.  Anyway, these circle of lights were slowly descending and approaching towards me (westbound), while I was driving about 115 kilometres per hour on the highway eastbound. These lights were getting closer and closer as we approached each other. I recall thinking to myself that this must be some kind of advertising balloon and those lights were letters. As I kept driving, I was paying more and more attention to this object because the closer it was getting, the more unusual it looked. I kept glancing at it, while driving, waiting until it was close enough to read what these letters were saying, still thinking it was some kind of advertising blimp. The closer it got, the more I looked at it. Now at my nine o'clock position, the string of rotating lights started to bank left like an airplane would turning right At this point, I realised that these lights were not letters at all. They were different shaped, yellowish white lights. The reason these lights were different in shape was because they were ingrained into some body. When the lights were seen head on, they were circular. But as they rotated out of direct view, they changed shape like the different crescents of the moon. That's why they appeared to be all different shapes.  Anyway, during the time when this object started to bank left, from my point of view, I was struggling with myself trying to understand whether this was a plane or a balloon. It was flying too slow for a plane, yet, too fast for a blimp. Also, it didn't appear to be flying or floating. The best way I can describe it's motion is that it looked like it was sailing in the sky.  What's interesting here is that the human brain tries to associate what the eyes are seeing, to something already seen or experienced before. That's why I was at war with myself trying to decide whether this object was a plane, blimp or a balloon. Every time I resigned myself to what I must be witnessing, I jumped to another conclusion. This jumping from one conclusion to another occurred during the whole experience. I was imagining all kinds of things. For example, if it was a plane, the only way these lights could have been positioned was in a circle because this plane must have had some kind of supporting structure in a circle from wing tip to wing tip. This didn't make any sense at all. I've seen advertising planes before. This was nothing like this. Not even close. Than I was trying to imagine a Goodyear blimp with these letters going across it's side. This was nothing like it either. So here I was, trying to drive and watch this object at the same time. As I was driving, I started to slow down because I kept looking at this circle of lights more than the road ahead of me. In retrospect, I don't even know how I kept my car on the road because I was so awed by this display in the sky.  Here is the killer.  As the object kept banking and banking more and more, it eventually ended up totally perpendicular to the ground! The first thing that came to mind was a big ferris wheel rotating in the sky. At this point I slowed down to about 50 KPH (30 miles an hour in a 60 MPH highway for my American friends) and put my four way, flashing hazard lights on my car fearing that another car would smash into the back of me for going so slow on a 100 KPH highway.  Here is the shocker.  As I was mesmerised by this UFO, a surge of adrenaline hit me like a ton of bricks. I didn't realize how BIG this thing was. At first I thought it was the size of an airplane fairly close. IT WAS GIGANTIC! At least twice the size of a football field, bigger than an aircraft carrier!!! I don't know what gave away it's size. Maybe the reflections of light on the ground. The best way I can relate this sudden realization is like one of those illusions most of us have seen. You know, when you look at a pixel drawing with an image you can't see until you stare at it for a while? After a period of time, you make out the face of a women or something like that? That's kind of the transformation I experienced. At first I thought the object was the size of a large plane than suddenly I REALLY saw it. IT WAS HUGE!!! I yelled out loud to my self, HOLEY F**K, IT'S HUGE!!!. I DON'T F***ING BELIEVE IT, IT'S F***ING HUGE!!!. I thought it was fairly close at first, than bang!, it was much farther away and larger than my brain first comprehended it. Speaking about this surge of adrenaline. Have you ever had a really close call having a car accident? When your heart rate skyrockets to about 180 beats per minute? That's what I felt when I realised how GARGANTUAN this object was! I could literally feel my heart pounding like crazy. To be frank, It literally scared the hell out of me, when I realized how big it was. At this point, I rolled down my window and pointed to this giant ferris wheel in the sky to the other motorists, but it appeared no one seemed to notice as they screamed by me at regular highway speeds. I remember how cold it was when I rolled down my window. It was something like minus 30 Celsius below zero.  After, I don't know how long, probably only a few seconds of rotating in this perpendicular position, this thing started to climb and right itself and sail back to the direction it originally came from. I rolled up my window, turned off my hazard lights, and started to speed up to chase it. Still it seemed other motorists didn't notice this object. It still irks me to this day. As I was approaching the city limits, this object was in it's flat position again climbing over the city. Then, all of a sudden, the rotating lights turned off except for a red aircraft like blinking light (which I never noticed before). After a few seconds, the rotating lights turned on again. It was like in the movie Close Encounters Of The Third Kind. The lights just blasted on. Than after a few seconds they turned off again as it seemed to be right over the city. Strange behaviour. Now I was exiting off of the highway on to Spadina Rd. I lost track of these lights because of the tall buildings. When I was on the street where I was going, I saw a cop parked on the other side of the road writing a parking ticked. I stopped in the middle of the road and ran over to him. He was quite taken aback by my seemingly aggressive approach. I asked him, how long have you been here? I forgot what he said, but I asked, did you see that big circle of lights flying in the sky? He said no. After parking my car, I met my friends at the bar, Baily's, and told them what happened but they didn't take me seriously as they've already had a few and were more interested in the ladies.  After sitting at the bar by myself for a couple of hours I went home. I was living at my parent's house at the time, temporarily, so when I got home around 1 A.M., I called the police. I didn't know who else to phone at the time. They didn't take me seriously of course so after that, I phoned the Toronto International Airport and managed to get through to Air Traffic Control and asked them if they had anyone call in with a UFO report. Nothing. So I called the police again and convinced them to take me seriously as I wanted to make a report. They told me they can send a couple of officers to my house. As it was late and my parents were asleep, I told them I'd rather come to the station the next day to report. Next morning, when I contemplated going in I decided not to, fearing they would think I'm some kind of wacko.  As the days went by, scanning the newspapers looking for a UFO sighting to no avail, I started doubting myself. I was trying to convince myself that perhaps I was somehow mistaken. Maybe it was something not out of the ordinary at all. Maybe it was a balloon or airplane of some kind. Maybe like thousands of others, I witnessed something that I misinterpreted for something else.  And now the conclusion.  About a week or so later, on or about the tenth page of the Toronto Star, bottom right hand corner, there it was! A short article. Dozens of Mississauga residents reported a UFO as big as a football field!!! I don't recall the whole article. I'll never doubt myself again no matter how much ridicule I'll be subjected to. After about 27 years, I just had to let this out. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
I saw a metallic, saucer shaped,  buzzing and very visible saucer at a short distance;1990-12-12 22:00:00;approx 3 - 5 minutes;I saw a metallic, saucer shaped,  buzzing and very visible saucer at a short distance I was in Grade 12 or 19 at the time of the site.  Despite my young age, my mind was very lucid and clear.  No belief in UFO's or sightings prior to that or after the event took place.  Went out for a job on a track on a very clear night.  I heard a humming noise above me, looked above, and I saw a saucer. It was at a 60 degree angle from my position, i did not have to tilt back to look at it.  It was flat at the bottom, had a base, and capped at the top, sort of looked like a half circle.  Metallic in nature.  The lights were red and very bright, flashing on and off.  I could not determine if the base was spinning on it's axis or if i got confused by the flashing lights.  I had no time to get a camera but I'm certain it was visible to other people.  It flew away into the horizon, gone from site.  It was definitely, metallic, saucer shaped, big, noisy and very visible.  A thundering jet flew over an hour later in the area.  I report it now because I listened to Art Bell's show last night and listened to a similiar descriptive sighting.  I did an enormous amount of research on such a craft, told by experts no craft exists in operation.   I graduated from UofT in accounting and work as a financial analyst.;43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
Saw a metallic, daylight disk that left a wake in the clouds.;1994-02-20 09:00:00;Less than 10 seconds;Saw a metallic, daylight disk that left a wake in the clouds. My UFO Sighting  On a Sunday morning in February of 1994, I saw an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) from the window of my twenty-first floor apartment in Toronto, Ontario, where I was living at the time. I had just gotten home from working the night shift as a security alarm monitoring station shift supervisor and was preparing to go to bed to rest up for my next shift when I heard the sound of a helicopter flying by at some distance from my building. As a lifelong aviation enthusiast who takes notice when any aircraft flies close by, I got out of my bed and went to the window to see if I could see the helicopter, which I did. It was a Bell Huey, flying from east to west along the north shore of Lake Ontario – which was approximately 2 kilometers from my location – at an altitude of roughly 800 to 1,000 meters at a speed I estimate to have been 80 to 100 knots. From what I could see, the helicopter was predominantly light, possibly white in colour, but I could not tell what subtype of Huey it was from my distance (eg., a UH-1D, UH-1H, UH-1N or Twin Huey). The weather conditions at the time were overcast (approximately 9-10ths to 10-10ths cloud cover) but reasonably bright, with the cloud ceiling at roughly 2,000 to 3,000 meters, and there was a brisk wind at ground level.  As I watched the Huey fly along the lake, I caught some motion out of the corner of my left eye and looked up. There, just below the cloud deck, was a small, round, metallic-looking, “discoid” shape that very much resembled the head, or nub, straight pin, moving in a stable, straight line course almost directly south towards the lake. It was moving a good deal faster (speed roughly 200 - 300 knots) than the helicopter and looked to be about the size of a head of a pin when held ten or twelve centimeters in front of your face, so I’d estimate it’s size to have been eight to ten meters in diameter at the altitude it was flying at. It showed no irregular motion or changes in altitude or direction. But what was remarkable was the fact that the brisk wind – which I think was from the northwest – didn’t seem to affect it’s flightpath at all it maintained a straight and steady bearing south to the lake without exhibiting any drift. At one point, it passed through a slightly lower bank of clouds and produced a straight line wake in the clouds that lasted no more than two seconds. When I looked away to the Huey for a second, which was continuing on it's own course, then looked back to the object, it was gone. The sighting lasted less than 10 seconds and it was absolutely astonishing.  As I mentioned before, I have a lifelong interest in aviation and flying, and am fairly expert at identifying a wide variety of aircraft of all types from military to civilian, antique to modern. I am also an amateur astronomer and also have an interest in meteorology, so I am very familiar with what’s in the sky on a daily basis. I cannot speculate on what it was because I could not identify it, but I can say that it was no conventional aircraft, helicopter, or balloon in any way, shape, or form, nor was it any celestial object such as a meteor or a weather-induced optical effect such as a “sundog” simply because the conditions did not exist to observe sundogs or anything similar. I don’t know what it was, but I’ve never seen anything like it. ((initials deleted))  Whitby, Ontario ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
A grey saucer like craft no lights , seen in daylight in downtown Toronto.;1997-07-15 14:00:00;15 secs;A grey saucer like craft no lights , seen in daylight in downtown Toronto. Please excuse my lack of knowledge on exact dates or times.  I was in downtown Toronto, when I turned and began to walk between 2 buildings.  One of theses was the Huge gold Royal Bank building.  Between these buildings was not an alley, but more like a very large garden atry, quite a nice public area.  While I was walking along I decided to look up, for the bank building is tall and its interesting to look upwards when standing next to tall buildings. It can give you a funny feeling. Anyway, I looked up without breaking my stride.  I saw just hovering between the building s but a bit higher then the bank building was a grey saucerlike craft.  There were no markings or lights that I could see.  it seemed grey-metallic, but there was no shiny reflections, more like a dull matte finished surface.  WHile I looked at it my mind didn't seem to register what I was seeing.  I returned my eyes down for I suddenly realized that I wasn't seeing where I was going.  This was for about 6 seconds.  After about 5 seconds of only looking where I was going my brain kicked in and I looked back up.  The craft sat there for another second and the acended upwards and out of sight within 3 seconds or less. This was mid-afternoon.;43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
The two ufo's were spinnng sluggish circles around each other - rotating between being on the outside circle and the inside.;1998-08-31 08:20:00;10 minutes;The two ufo's were spinnng sluggish circles around each other - rotating between being on the outside circle and the inside. First let us concern ourselves with their shape. It was very much like a disk or saucer shape, only thinner, and at each end it appeared to fork outwards into two distinct lines. I will try and send a drawing - I'm not sure how well that description will be understood. They were both of a light red colour and I've never seen anything move as smoothly as they seemed to. As I said they were orbiting around each other - first one would spin in a small circle while the other orbited around it and then they would switch places. They traded places every minute or so. The larger orbit was being made more slowly and the smaller being made more quickly, as is true of all orbits I think. After about ten minutes they stopped fairly rapidly, pausing for a moment and then flew away in one direction at a rather surprisingly slow speed. I don't know what else to write about it except that it was the first time I had personally ever seen a ufo.;43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
was standing at the balcony of my apartment at the 14th floor of a flat ...   at about 10.30 in the night i saw a green disc which was ;2000-10-24 22:30:00;4 minutes;was standing at the balcony of my apartment at the 14th floor of a flat ...   at about 10.30 in the night i saw a green disc which was very bright in colour circling around in the sky at about  100 to 500 feet high.. i was stunned for a moment and ran in to my house and called out my sister to see the ufo .... we both saw it circling around in the sky... there was mist in  the sky at the time ... and as my house was near the pearson airport there were a lot of aircrafts around.. but this was in a circular shape ... bright green in colour and moved around horizondaly in circles.. it was slightly slanded to the right ... after sometime it moved away .. it was about the size of a volkswagen beetle.. and after ints dissapearence ... i was sitting near the balcony reading some booksd ... and suddenly i heard a loud sound and a fast moving object which emmited very bright light moved accross my blcony.. i donot comfirm it to be an ufo as there were some boys out in the park  playin with crackers and other stuff....but the first one is confirmed to be an ufo..;43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
At approx. 20:36 on my way home from work.  I was driving through this stretch of farm field area.  I was distracted by a very white li;2004-04-20 20:30:00;5-10 mintues;At approx. 20:36 on my way home from work.  I was driving through this stretch of farm field area.  I was distracted by a very white light coming from my right side.  It is a secluded area and at that time I did not notice any other cars on the road.  The light was so bright that I tried to speed up to go right past it, as I went past the light, I looked back to the right towards the field and I saw a fairly large sized disk shaped UFO.  Size wise I would say it was about the size of a fighter plane, but disk shaped.  I slowed down to a stop about 50 feet past UFO.  I turned around and looked back, it seemed to be floating in the air, I wasnt able to make out a color but I could definetly see the shape in the dark.  It floated for about a minute, then it sort of swung like a pendulum side to side before blasting to its left up towards the sky.  It took about 10-15 seconds for the UFO to vanish into the sky.  Confused, and shocked I drove home.  This morning on my way back to work I passed through the same fields, and decided to stop around the same area I saw the UFO.  I glanced onto the field where I thought the UFO was last night but I was not able to make anything out of it since the whole field was escavated.  And then, I went back to my car, and grabbed a bottle of glue.;43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
An glowing orange object appeared right in front of me right before my very eyes!!!;2005-07-13 23:37:00;2 minutes;An glowing orange object appeared right in front of me right before my very eyes!!! The object was disc-like and had an orange-glow to it. Every second the orange glow faded in and out but the object stayed in the same place. The lights also moved across the object.  My dad saw it and was pondering what it was. The object soon vanished because the lights faded to point you couldn't see the object anymore. This all happened above a Ikea store on Highway 7 in Toronto, Ontario in an area called Vaughan.;43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
10 mile wide ship over Missasaga, Ont.;2008-05-15 17:00:00;15 seconds;10 mile wide ship over missasaga Ont. I was moving from Toronto to Caladon.  We were traveling south on 27 highway.  We were just before TO. were there was open fields, we were not yet were the tall buildinds start to apear.  I was sitting in the back seat when I looked out the passenger rear window   I saw a very large craft, 5 or 10 miles across, hovering over Missasaga.  I said whats that, to the 2 people who did not beleive in ufos. They laughed at me when I told them about them, so I had my revenge.  They both looked at the same time and saw a frisbe type craft .  You could see sky below and sky above. Greyest black. I could see windows there.  Both people saw and did not reply to me.  They were stunned.  Now at this time I would like to say, that, I am realy sure that they have a , for the lack of a better term a beam . It is not a beam it is more like a lightbulb.  It shines everywere.  This beam will make you want to forget that you saw somthing and you will want to go back to doing whatever you! were doing before you had the incounter.  They can very the strength of it.  You can overcome its efects by consentrating hard.  If you donot know about the beam you will put this exent in the depest part of your mind and never access it again.  I also beleive that we have this in our own satalights.  We were being beamed , heavely.  I said to the driver pull over.  No reply.  Because we were moving we went behind some tall buildings and when we came out the outher side it was gone.  I think there cloak failed and they turned on the beem, till the cloak ingaged.  It was clear this was a craft hovering over my city.  This is a true storie I swear !;43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
On investigation of explosive sounds outside my window, I saw an object on the horizon which came closer and appeared to be a ufo.;2014-03-18 21:15:00;15 minutes;On investigation of explosive sounds outside my window, I saw an object on the horizon which came closer and appeared to be a ufo. I heard explosions starting around 9:15.  I thought it might have been fireworks but, it being Tuesday, April ((sic.  March)) 18th, I could think of no reason for any to be going off.  I looked out onto my fourth floor balcony and could see nothing.   Then in the distance I thought I saw an airplane with a green light on one wing and a red light on the other wing.   What I thought was the plane was on the horizon where I would generally find other airplanes.  However, it came toward me, and as it did I saw it closer up and realized it was more like a sphere with a ring or disc spinning around the outside.   It didn't stay long and I believe went south.  By then the explosive sounds had stopped. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Correction on previously-submitted report Sorry, I just sent in a sighting and I noticed the time was incorrect.  I saw the ufo at 21:15 not 17:15.  Please make that change. ((END ADDENDUM));43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
A craft appear over  cn tower  and then a laser seem to have try to hit but miss it.;2014-10-09 05:00:00;few second;A craft appear over  cn tower  and then a laser seem to have try to hit but miss it. I first saw a light appearing of out of nowhere over the CN tower very high in the sky and as it appear to come down closer to earth  a big flash happen on the craft exactly like if it was a falcon millenium reactor's back slowing down the craft.  As I saw this happening a huge fiery laser coming out of the atmosphere nowhere try hitting the craft but misses it and the craft disappear right after the laser shoted.   Lasted about 5 sec the whole event.  I saw 1 min after 1 light coming out of the emplacement it disappear and another light right after.  These 2 lights then when in the direction of the great lakes.  I kept watching and 20 minute after I saw a flash of light that appear and disappear after.;43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
09/05/18-Grimsby-round shape-1 hour duration-yellow circle shape stayed in same spot over Lake Ontario.;2018-09-05 23:00:00;1 hour;09/05/18-Grimsby-round shape-1 hour duration-yellow circle shape stayed in same spot over Lake Ontario. I noticed a white flashing light in the sky north of east of Toronto. I took out my binoculars and it showed a white flashing light. Then I asked my wife to get my Canon camera with a telescopic lens. Which is 150/600 mm. I started shooting pictures and video of the object. Which turned out to be a circular yellow light. It changed to orange over a period of 45 minutes. It stayed in the same spot for an hour. My wife and I were on our condo balcony for an hour observing this strange phenomenon. It was 20 degrees above the lake. I am a retired Aerospace Supervisor manufacturing landing gear. My wife is retired also. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness corrected the date to September 05th, 2018, during a telephone conversation.  We have corrected the date above.  PD));43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
It really scared me but nothing really happened after that.  ((anonymous report));2019-03-23 04:00:00;2 minutes;It really scared me, but nothing really happened after that. Well I was looking at the sky through my window, when I noticed a well...a UFO in the sky  it was a disk shape with a small light approaching the bottom  when I went to tell someone I was only gone for about thirty seconds because everyone was to busy, but thirty seconds later when I came back it was gone! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.6771451535591;-79.4107445992511
