Silent Object over Fowlerville with  Revolving Lights;1982-08-20 23:30:00;15 minutes;Silent Object over Fowlerville with  Revolving Lights This event happened approximately 20 years ago, but still is quite vivid in my memory.  Was traveling with my family in the late summer of 1982.  Was driving north on I-75 near Monroe, MI with my father and brother in the front of the vehicle when they saw an object in the sky with lights, which did not resemble an airplane.  The object was either moving slowly or not at all, but could not tell for sure because of our moving vehicle.  My mother and I were both in the back and did not see this.  Approximatly 1 hour later we were now traveling on I-96 westbound and were approaching the Fowlerville exit, when my father and brother had said that they could see that light again.  This time time all four of us saw the light and we stopped the vehicle along the expressway and got out to view this.  We estimated that this object was between 1/2 to 1 mile away and maybe 300-500 feet in the air.  We could not distinguish any type of outline to this object, but it did have a revolving or running style light. From our current viewpoint, it appeared to be a line of lights.  Also, we could hear no noise from this object.  We watched this for approx 5 minutes and then got back in our vehicle and drove to the highway exit and followed this object until we were directly under it.  The object was moving very slowly and we stopped our vehicle and stuck our heads out to view this.  From this angle, the lights appeared to be on the bottom perimeter of the object and formed an oval shape.  The lights also were still moving in a continual revolving or running style.  Also, there still was no sound from this object, even though we were directly below it.  We viewed this time for only a minute until it dissappered from our view over the tree tops.   As I remember, it was a clear night and there was a full moon. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.6628;-84.0726
