The objects were doing some fancy manuvering as if to show off. This included very quick 90 Deg. turns.;2006-10-19 22:15:00;70 minutes;The objects were doing some fancy manuvering as if to show off.  This included very quick 90 Deg. turns. The objects were out in space and I could not focus on them with the cheap field glasses I have.  All I could see is that the sun was reflecting off of them. I live out in the country where the houses are very far apart and we have many farms.  The area I live in is a route for commercial aircraft crossing Michigan to places such as Milwaukee, Chicago, Mineapolis, etc.... It is very common to see as many as eight aircraft crossing at any one time. I have been a sky watcher since I was a young kid and have seen many odd things but I have never whitnessed any of the objects do what I saw them do last night. Four of them moved out into a larger perimeter, not symmetrical or anything, but seemed to move out to give the fifth some room.  The fifth UFO really started to cut it up. It moved in a straight line very quickly and them stopped.  Then it moved back to where it started very quickly and stopped.  Then it moved in a downward direction, stopped, then moved in an upward direction and stopped.  It then did a few sharp 90 degree movements as if it were testing the craft to see if it were at peak performance or showing off.  It did some really wide circular and egg shaped manuvers that seemed to be a few miles in diameter.  This looked like only a few inches to me but as far away as they were, I'm sure it was at least a few miles for them.  It then started to do a random mixture of manuvers, accelerating very quickly and just having a ball, playing around. This went on for a good hour with a few rests in between. I am obviously not the only one to observe this behavior because all of the commercial air traffic stopped crossing the normal route.  I walked down off of my back porch into the middle of my back yard and could see a few of the aircraft doing a wide circle back in the direction of the Metro Airport and did not see any aircraft in the area of where the UFO was cutting up.  This is very unusual and it is rare not to see at least three aircraft at any one time crossing to the West or coming from the east.  This tells me that the air traffic was well aware of this UFO behavior going on. I watched until I could barely see the UFO's anymore as they moved off to the West.;42.6628;-84.0726
