First 4 and then 5 objects. The four were in a diamond formation. 11 hours missing time.;2016-12-24 00:18:00;10 hours total;First 4 and then 5 objects. The four were in a diamond formation. 11 hours missing time. Christmas Eve 12:19 AM. 2016. Getting ready for bed. I'm home alone because I don't travel well. I remember the time, because I was hearing the words Help. Please Help. Need assistance. Over and over again. As I have studied the phenomenon for decades now, I knew there were things I needed to do. I jotted down the time (To see if I could find a normal explanation later). I responded in my head, I am coming to give whatever help I can. STRANGENESS And from 1 moment to the next.  I was PHYSICALLY IN MY YARD.  But I am a disabled man.  I can stand, I just can't move very quickly.  It was bitterly cold that night, yet I was perfectly warm. THE OBJECTS I found myself looking up at four objects in a formation that was very Clock-like, except that there were diamond shaped craft where the numbers usually are.  The craft that was virtually screaming for assistance was at the 9 o clock position.  This craft seemed to be having difficulty maintaining altitude, as it would change color from the brilliant blue that lit up my entire backyard, to almost a blood red type of color.  Every time it shifted color, it dropped straight down out of formation.  It got lower and lower. I was fully awake and alarmed at this time as I was full aware of what might be happening right in front of me!  Every time it dropped, the other 3 craft would brighten in intensity and the distressed craft would begin to rise again.  I projected nothing but positive thoughts and hopes as I would do at an airshow when it would look like a craft was in danger.  I was rooting for it's safety as I would ANY other living beings. At that point, a FIFTH ship appeared out of nowhere right next to the craft that was in distress.  I felt waves of gratitude from every ship and it was over. STRANGENESS When I realized I was getting cold, I also realized something else. It was approximately 11 hours later and the Sun was out. (You'll read I have adopted the Strangeness nomenclature. So far, the Military Industrial Complex has not been able to do many things our friends can.  Tracking for these things help me form my own opinion). It had now gone from 12:19 Am to 10:40AM with the daylight shining.  I had lost 11 hours I have no recollection of. STRANGENESS  Every TV in the house was on! EVEN THE TV's that had no electricity.  The TV sets that actually had remote controls would turn off as normal when I pressed the power button.  It took me a few minutes due to being rattled, but I finally figured out if I plugged the set into any outlet, and then unplugged it again, the set would remain off. Notes At NO TIME did I have any fear for my safety. I could not make much detail out other than color and general shape. I thought they might be Sikorski's latest sports model so I want to know ON if I saw one again. During the 11 missing hours.  No question about it.  I would have died from exposure.  Like I said, I made the decision to help at the same time I grabbed my robe.  That remained the only clothes I had on. What I am hoping to do is to give other witnesses of this event, or ones like it, to come foreword. I wish to assure you that what you think you saw happen, really happened (That's what's emotionally bothering me the most right now).  The solitude is crushing at times, not being able to speak to anyone that also experienced what I had. I am a dabbler in Greer's CE5 Protocols.   If someone saw this event, perhaps we are being told something.;41.2195589473685;-73.0573484210525
