Bright orange, silent orb, moving steadily but not real fast across the sky;2011-07-31 21:00:00;10-15 seconds;Bright orange, silent orb, moving steadily but not real fast across the sky At approx 9:00 PM, 7/31/1, my husband and I were sitting at our patio, which faces the LI Sound in a southerly direction.   We suddenly noticed a movement in the sky and looked up to see a large oblong to oval shaped object that was very orange (no trailing image like a comet) and bright moving silently in a NW direction we think it looked like it was moving towards West Haven.   It looked fairly high in the sky, but not nearly  as high as  a jet or some of the smaller planes that we have seen fly over.   We are often in our backyard at all hours and have never seen anything like this before. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the husband, and he sounded quite eloquent and objective in the description of the object.  We suspect that both he and his wife are very good, and credible, witnesses.  PD));41.2195589473685;-73.0573484210525
Two pairs of bright orange orbs slowly ascending;2012-09-02 21:05:00;40 minutes;Two pairs of bright orange orbs slowly ascending ((NUFORC Note:  One of six sightings from same source, submitted over the course of two months.  PD)) Milford, CT,  Gulf Beach, Sunday,  09/02, 9:05PM   After the sighting reported to NUFORC for 08/18 at this location,(and pursuant to the 06/06/12 reports for Milford that share this locale and appearance of object) periodic visits resulted in no activity until this night.   At Gulf Beach 7:45PM, wind from west, then diminished  broken cloud cover. First very bright orange-red spark-like light with orange nimbus emerged above treeline at 5 degrees N.  From elevation of 8 degrees it slowly and steadily rose straight up within cloudless area of sky.  This light initially gave the appearance of a slow-motion firework missile that was launched and primed to explode.  It was extremely bright and obviously propelled, not simply drifting.  Through 10x21 binoculars this light appeared fan-shaped (picture a deep U shape, wide at the top, with a small ball- shaped nucleus of brighter and deeper orange light resting at the bottom).  Overall impression was of a concise ball of light surrounded by a nimbus of hazier orange light.  I do not recall any fluctuation of the luminosity.   Slow ascent of this light continued for approximately 90 seconds.   Strobed a 110 lumen LED flashlight at this object during its ascent, with no response.  During last few seconds of ascent this light faded away until it was no longer visible in cloudles! s area of sky at 35 degree elevation.  Estimated distance from beach = 3,000 feet, which possibly positions it above marshland near a cemetary. Within 5 minutes of the first light’s fading away, another identical light rose above treeline at 355 degrees N.  Same appearance and gradual ascent straight up.  Likewise, viewed through binoculars and signalled with flashlight: same situation as previous until it similarly faded away at 35 degree elevation.  After waiting about 30 minutes for the chance of a repetition, packed up and ready to leave when, through the broken cloud cover to the ESE glimpsed a more distant but similarly colored light slowly ascending into the clouds.  Assuming that this might have been an error on my part, or a prosaic aircraft, I prepared to investigate a playing field about a mile to the north, from which chinese lantern/balloons could have been released.  Within several minutes another bright orange light rose up behind the treeline in the exact same location that the previous light had been briefly noticed.  At 13 degrees elevation and 145 degrees SE  this light, identical to the pair that had just previously emerged from the north, slowly rose at what appeared to be the same distance from the beach (3,000 feet), which would place it out over Long Island Sound.  After about 105 seconds it too faded away in identical fashion.   No equipment used in this observation.  9:45PM was the end of this group of sightings.;41.2195589473685;-73.0573484210525
Overflight of two separate orange lights;2012-09-16 20:08:00;10 minutes;Overflight of two separate orange lights. ((NUFORC Note:  One of six sightings from same source, submitted over the course of two months.  PD)) (Sequel to previous sightings on 6/16, 8/18, 9/02 - same location.)  Milford, Gulf Beach Clear, no wind. Start: 8:08PM  First orange light appears, approaching rapidly above treetops @ 8 degree elevation, 295 degrees NW (above Milford's Fort Trumbull area). Observed with 10X21 Olympus binoculars (field of view = 5 degrees), while intermittently aiming 110 lumen LED flashlight in strobe setting towards it (No obvious response to this signaling). To naked eye, hazy orange glow with brighter core occasional flickering of luminosity givering a spark-like appearance. Approximate altitude during approach: @ 500 ft, but seemed to be gradually rising.  Speed within the range of 75 - 95 mph, roughly estimated on the distance traveled divided by seconds observed. Apparent size: 15 - 40 ft diameter. No sound, even though other, more distant aircraft were perfectly detectable. Appearance of light through binoculars, prefocused at infinity, while being observed for a minimum of 60 seconds: 1. Very bright, concise ball of orange light 2. Surrounded by a faint yellowish halo 3. outlined by a reddish ring These create an impression of a lens which is positioned within the bottom of a tapering fan-shaped nimbus of hazy orange light. Imagine a headlamp which has its short light beam funneled upwards instead of outwards, creating a funnel shape of softer light. During travel this fan-like beacon occasionally flutters or jitters from side-to-side, imparting a flame-like effect. As this device passed above at about a 25 degree angle, traveling to the SE, its light began to sputter and fade.  Anticipating the usual disappearance, I maintained a tight view, detecting the fact that the light's dimming was the result of its becoming obscured by a structure surrounding it.  Eventually the forepart of this device, from which the light was issuing, became totally hidden. However, there was still visible a vague, smokey oblong of light which continued traveling over Long Island Sound into the SE.  After moving over about 140 degrees or arc across the sky this blob of light became too faint to follow. End: 8:12 PM  Within 90 seconds after losing sight of the first object, the second orange light appeared slightly to the right of where the first one had flared up (@ 305 degrees NW). This next UFO appeared to be heading directly towards me.  Again, I immediately (though nervously) began to strobe-signal it, while trying to maintain a steady view of it with binocs. Same altitude, speed, trajectory, lack of sound. More pronounced was the stuttering variance of this orange light beam - almost like the jumpiness of a bad video feed or the breaking up of a noisy hologram. Obviously  this accounts for the seemingly &quoterratic&quot or wobbly flight pattern that many have commented on while watching these things pass by. Steadily tracking this UFO with the binocs as it duplicated the trajectory of the first one (or maybe repeated itself!), I watched as its orange glow gradually dimmed until it too was visible only as a ghostly blob sailing over the Sound into the SE. End: 8:17PM  (Unlike some previous sightings, this one was not followed by a subsequent pair of lights appearing from the opposite direction.  At least not within the next 90 minutes I remained watching).;41.2195589473685;-73.0573484210525
Cluster of red/orange objects ascending into sky;2012-10-13 20:22:00;15 minutes;Cluster of red/orange objects ascending into sky. ((NUFORC Note:  One of six sightings from same source, submitted over the course of two months.  PD))  (Please refer to previous sightings from Milford since 06/06/12) Again, from Gulf Beach. Saturday evening, cold, overcast, and steady wind 10mph+ from SSW, which after sunset shifted to SW. Maintaining watch over previous NW and N positions for possible reoccurance when, at 8:22 PM, surprised to notice a large cluster of what appeared to be sky lanterns or balloons  slowly rising above the treeline in the NE (15 degrees), at what initially appeared to be 2 + miles distance.  Immediately started video recording with Lumix ZS15 superzoom. Original cluster composed of over 20 objects, all slowly drifting upwards, while changing positions and forming an X shaped plume.  These floating objects, for the most part, did not appear to be moving into the NE, as they ought to have been by the steady wind at my back.  There was a continuous release of other lit objects beneath those that had already risen up into the sky, eventually fading from sight.  (The treeline peaks at about 4 degrees, the maximum elevation any of the lit objects attained was about 25 degrees - that appeared to be their ceiling.)  None of these lit objects appeared to be drifting steadily into the NE, though that could simply have been the result of their angle of movement to my angle of view. As these lights continued to emerge above the treeline, the newest/lowest ones were brighter, more prominent, and definitely appeared to be moving against the wind's direction, sometimes in pairs. Some of the final objects looked very much as if they were moving towards the Gulf.  Likewise, there seemed to be a grouping of some of these objects as they ascended, as if they were maintaining a set space between each other.  Possibly distance illusions?  Close scrutiny of the 3 minute HD video might clarify this. This incrementing cluster of lit objects gradually diminished after 15 minutes, the final object fading away by 8:37 PM.  Total estimate = 40 - 55 sky lanterns/balloons/kites, what-have-you. Very brief follow up:  At 9:15 PM, after waiting for any reoccurance, I drove to  Milford's Westfield Shopping Center, which is near the line of sight these objects had appeared in, in order to find out if there had been some local event that would explain such a release.  None known of.  No one else had seen anything. During that evening, and over most of the next week, after dozens of inquiries throughout the area, including checking every regional and local  newspaper's recent and current issue, as well as talking with police and fire officials, I have finally been able to triangulate the area these lit objects emerged from:  The western portion of Stubby Plain in Milford.  Google maps reveals this particular area to be marshland immediately surrounded by forest.  It is about 6,000 feet to the NE of the Gulf Beach bridge, where I was recording from. Visiting this area confirms that it is almost impossible to enter into the plain itself through the swampy woods that surround it.  There is one large fenced off parking area adjacent.  I should add that not a single remnant of any kite or balloon or lantern has been found, even though their supposed plume of movement was mostly over a heavily populated area.;41.2195589473685;-73.0573484210525
