Very large metallic object hovering over 605 freeway;1977-08-01 02:00:00;10 min.;Very large metallic object hovering over 605 freeway I am new to the web and immediately wanted to find a site wherein I could share my experience and hopefully find someone who may have witnessed what I saw early one morning, or documentation of such.  I apologize for being so vague on the specific date it's been so long ago.  But the actual experience is still very vivid in my mind and something I will never forget.  To the best of my recollection it was 1977, but may have been 1978.  I do know it was approx. 2:30 in the morning, as I had left my boyfriend's house in Downey and was traveling northbound on the 605 freeway heading for the 210 freeway.  I was not under the influence of any substance.  As I was traveling northbound on the 605, just past Rose Hills Memorial Park, I saw something ahead of me hovering over the freeway.  Being very familiar with that area, I knew the incredibly large object I was approaching did not belong there - had never been there before.  That particular part of the freeway was very desolate - nothing in the way of commercial buildings, etc.  Just a duck farm to the west and Rose Hills to the southeast.It was within close proximity to the 60 freeway as well.  I recall virtually no other traffic at that time as I neared the object.  It was hovering, completely still, maybe about 500 feet above the freeway.  I slowed as I approaced it, looking at it in disbelief.  When I was under it, I came to a complete stop on the freeway and just stared in amazement.  It was incredibly huge - like something from Battlestar Gallactica.  It wasn't shiny, but was metallick with circular indents - like pores - about it.  It was a very peculiar shape-nothing you could describe as a definate rectangle, circle, etc.  It has many configurations.  But the size just overwhelmed me.  I remember not feeling frightened, but just astounded.  I sat there for awhile just staring at this thing, oblivious to my surroundings or the fact that I was sitting still on the freeway.  I couldn't tell you if another car came along or not.  As I slowly began to p! ul away, I kept my eye on it, continually looking back, and then it was gone.  I've always wondered if someone else may have reported a similar experience, or if there was documentation of unusual activity in that vicinity in '77 or '78.  It has disturbed me for more than 20 years (I am now  45), and I was hoping someone could substantiate it for me.  Thank you for allowing me to share this with you.  I look forward to the possibity of perhaps finding out more.;33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
