I was sitting on the steps out in the front of the building, and I looked up at the sky and saw between 15-20 glowing red balls of ligh;1993-05-15 17:30:00;20 minutes;I was sitting on the steps out in the front of the building, and I looked up at the sky and saw between 15-20 glowing red balls of light, they were just there doing nothing until maybe 2 minutes passed and one started to move slowly as if it was scaning the area, and then it moved very fast maybe 50 miles in one second.  Then the others started to do the same but in differrent directions. At this piont I felt that I was in mortal danger and just writing about this makes me very shaky and scared as if it just happend 5 minutes ago.   I ran to get witnesses and no one would come, they did not belive me. It was like a movie. I had to see this once in a lifetime event to the end, so I ran back outside to see what they were going to do next. All the objects that are scaning the area are still doing so, I felt that they were watching me and I was very scared and helpless. After watching them for a few more minutes, they all came back togather like a fleet just as fast as they split up, at this point they all shot straight up at such a speed that no human could live through. I've lived with this all this time and I had no way to prove it, but if I could take a lie detector test and be hipnotized, you will get the truth. I don't know if anyone else saw these things in the sky that night because I never talked about it again in fear that I would be seen as crazy. I feel and just know that they were watching me and there is nothing I or anyone else could do about it. I hope we all get some answers and I hope I life long enough to see that day. ((NUFORC Note:  Date indicated probably is approximate.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
UFO ENCOUNTER LESS THAN 300 FEET;2000-10-11 23:30:00;20-25 mins;UFO ENCOUNTER LESS THAN 300 FEET I declare the below incident is true and accurate. I refuse any future use of the accounts of the below listed incident without expressed written approval/consent by me.  Any person(s), or company(s) reproducing or re-enacting the below listed events without my permission will be held to answer in a court of law. The use of my name or any identifying information about me or my family is not allowed unless written permission is issued by me. Thank You. We had moved into our new California home in July of 2000.  Our residence sits close to the top of a hillside community three blocks from a fenced off mountainous area to the north of our residence.  The incident I’m sharing took place three months after we moved in approx around October 11th, 2000. Also I feel I should note that somewhere to the north east of our residence inside the above mentioned wild uninhabited area is an old oil drilling facility that at the time of the incident had been dormant for many years according to local neighbors. Presently there is a local political and social debate taking place regarding the reopening of the drilling facility. I was told that at this time tests and surveys are being conducted up in that previously abandon drilling area. There is activity taking place in the form of helicopters flying in and out of the area at all times of the day and night. I know the oil drilling has not been approved yet so I assume the activity is due to! environmental study or site preparation in the case of a yes vote on its reopening. But in October of 2000 there was no activity in the mountain area. I arrived home late from work on the night in question at approx. 2315 hrs to find my two young children asleep in their respective bedrooms and my wife asleep in our room which is at the very rear of the house. I checked on them and without changing out of my shirt and tie. I went to the living room and began to watch TV. The living room was dark, except for the light of the television. The only lights that were on in the entire house were that of the kitchen located, based on my sitting position in the living room, directly at my one o’clock as well as the laundry room light that is next to the kitchen. The local news was towards the end of its broadcast as the weather and sports reports is what I was able to view. It was then the incident began. I heard a distinct rustling taking place in the kitchen, like the noise made when one is opening a potato chip bag that had been rolled shut and clipped for a while. The noise caught me off guard because I was the only person awake in the house. From my chair I could look down the hallway to the bedrooms and would have seen if anyone had gotten out of bed and walked to the kitchen. Besides the kids at this age never woke up after falling asleep and if they had stirred awake I would have heard them get out of their beds and they surely would have called out for me or my wife. My view of said hallway was unimpeded and from my sitting position in the living room was directly at my eleven o’clock. My heart raced as I knew none of my family members were actually in the kitchen. I became more alarmed as the rustling lasted a very long five to six seconds. I was in total belief that someone was in our kitchen. The noise was clear, slow and deliberate and there was no doubt that it ! was coming from inside our home and specifically from our kitchen. I was frozen. I blurted out “Who’s up?” for some reason, but there was no answer.  The rustling immediately stopped I assume as a reaction to my verbalization.  I was certain someone was in our home as my senses went wild. My hair on the back of my neck and arms stood up and I felt a burning sensation down my spine. In very stern and aggressive voice I blurted out again, “Who’s up?”  I was frozen in my chair, I prepared for a physical confrontation. I prepared to defend my family.  I thought of securing a weapon and quietly as I sat in my chair took off my belt to use the belt buckle as a striking tool. I slowly began to stand and it was then the electricity to my home turned off.  The TV and both lights in the kitchen and laundry room abruptly turned off.  The house was completely dark and without power. My first thought was that the intruder(s) cut the electricity to aid there activity. I was in full red alert as I was certain I had a home invasion situation on my hands. I stood and quickly walked to the kitchen belt buckle in hand prepared for a life or death struggle. I planned on grabbing a knife the first chance I had.  The soft moonlight that spilled in from the kitchen window illuminated the kitchen slightly.  As I turned the corner from the living room into the kitchen I saw nothing, no one. I did not hear footsteps of someone retreating away from me or out the laundry room door or to the rear of the house.  I quickly confirmed the laundry room door was shut and locked. I realized I needed to clear the house room by room. Could have the intruder fled down the hallway as I rounded the corner from the living room to the kitchen? Possibly, but not very likely as I would have heard such activity. I armed myself with a knife and a flashlight and went down the hall to clear the rooms. My son’s room was first. He was dead asleep. I looked under his bed and in the closet while keeping an ear out for any noise in the hallway behind me or any othe! r areas of the house I had not yet cleared. I moved onto the next child’s room and found him dead asleep as well. I cleared the room as well with no signs of anything out of the ordinary. The children’s bathroom is what I cleared next, nothing out of place. Onto the master bathroom witch is connected of course to the master bedroom. The master bath room was clear. As I began to exit the master bathroom I was moving slowly and listening for any noises in the house. I was at the threshold of the master bathroom entering the master bedroom. At the threshold I was approximately 9-10 feet away from the foot of our king size bed that sits directly in the middle of our bedroom. Once again I was 9-10 feet away from the foot of our bed. I was startled by what I saw next. My wife who had been asleep during the entire incident to this point was oddly sitting upright on her side of the bed. I did not notice if she had been sitting up as I entered the master bath seconds prior. Nevertheless she was sitting erect and this caused me to stop my gait immediately. I was now one foot past the master bath threshold standing in my bedroom, once again approximately 9 feet away fro! m the foot of the bed. She then whispered in a perturbed tone “Why were you standing over me?” remaining still I responded, “I just walked in the room, I wasn’t standing over you.” She replied whispering and even more upset, “Someone was standing at the foot of our bed looking down on me, it woke me up, I know what I saw!” My heart raced again as I placed my index finger of my right hand to my lips urging her to be quite. I cleared our bedroom as my wife sat in the bed with the blankets up to her nose. The master bedroom was now clear. The only place the intruder could be is in the last room of the house, the office! I shushed my wife again not having time to share all that had transpired and deliberately set out to clear the office. I cleared the office in a few seconds finding nothing. I came back to the master bedroom and advised my wife to get up out of bed and to follow me. She tried to turn on a lamp and I advised her that the power was out. She hurriedly followed me as we stopped in to check on each child as we made our way back to the living room. I also cleared all the rooms again as we moved forward through the house. Once in the living room I asked her to describe what she saw at the foot of our bed and she could only convey that it was a tall dark figure and that she thought it was me. I reiterated that I was at no point at the foot of the bed and that I had just then walked into the master bathroom and began to exit said bathroom when I noticed her sitting upright. It was then I was able to describe to her all that had happened to me the past 10 minutes in short but concise detail. She asked several rational questions about the incident and I reconfirmed the points she had inquired about. Sh! e lit a few candles and decided to call the power company to see what was wrong with the power. I peered through our large living room window and did not notice anything out of the order. The one street lamp that sits on the opposite side of our street, three to four houses east, was on as was the power to the residents across the street as I could see a few porch lights on. I opened the front door and walked out onto our porch. I had a strange heavy feeling on my chest and felt uneasy. I found this to be odd as I had calmed down completely from the earlier night events. As soon as exited our front door I felt anxious and edgy for some reason. I noticed that the power was out on all the residences on our side of the street, the north side as it were. There were no porch lights on our side of the street and that was not the norm. I came back in the house and told my wife that I was going to take a walk up the street to see if the power to the residences north of us was out. She went ballistic. She told me under no uncertain terms that she did not want me to leave her and the kids alone in the house especially after the events I had told her that transpired minutes earlier. She grabbed my right arm and begged me to stay in the house with her. I would not be denied. It was as if I was compelled to go outside and take a look around. I felt like I was being drawn to investigate the night’s activities further. What happened next was unbelievable. I walked down my residence walk way and stood in the street for a second or two. There are no sidewalks in our neighborhood so I walked w/b on the street under the cover of the huge 50 year old fichus trees that line the street. I reached the corner which is two houses west of my home. I looked north bound and saw that several porch lights were on telling me that the power was not out in all the residences to our north. I walked north on California street about half a block and a strange eerie feeling came over me again, I felt scared for some reason. I turned around and walked south bound back to my street. I turned left and headed back east bound towards my house. The fichus trees on the block drop theses dark burgundy berry type pods and they were all over the street. If you step on the freshly dropped berries you will inevitably bring them into the home as they stick to the bottom of ones shoes. The berries will stain the carpet as we had found out on a prior occasion. I! was looking down, to avoid stepping on said berries, as I walked back to the house using the faint moon beams that were shining through the fichus trees monstrous branches. My gait could be likened to a person hoping stones as they cross a shallow creek attempting not to get wet. I began to feel slightly more relaxed as I got closer and closer to my house. I glanced up and noted the moon light that was creeping and dancing through the branches and was thankful it was lighting my path on the street. I looked back down careful not to step on the previously described berries when suddenly the entire street was lit up in an extremely bright white light. Initially I stopped walking and was dumbfounded as to where this light was coming from. I looked to my left and right simply taking in the scene that had changed in a second. I then looked up into the trees and observed intense white beams of light piercing through the branches of the trees every chance they could. The light was intense and occasionally I would need to squint because of the brightness. I was frozen as my mind was unable to explain the sudden appearance of the light seemingly out of nowhere. As I continued to peer up at the tree and the light, I could tell that the light source was of course above the trees and was slowly moving in a southerly direction from the mountainside. The light was so bright I couldn’t accurately tell what the height of the light source was or what object or vessel was emitting the light. All I could tell was that it was moving slowly southbound and it was directly over my house now. If I had to estimate the light sources height I wou! ld have to say less than 250- 300 feet. Less than a football field would be my most educated guess. The light continued to move slowly southbound at what appeared to be approximately 5-7 mph at best. The light was now directly over the middle of the street and the light beams continued to shine through the trees branches down onto the street. I remember looking down at the street again to marvel at the brightness of said light.  I took several steps forward keeping the light source in my vision at all times. I found myself not under the protection of the trees any longer. I was now in open space in the middle of my street almost directly in front of my house. The residence directly across the street does not have a fichus tree in the front yard and this allows an unimpaired view of the sky looking southbound. The light source was now more or less over the house directly across the street from my residence. There was no sound emitting from the slow moving light source. No chopping of blades such as you would hear from a helicopter. There was no jet engine or propulsion noise present. There was no green or red aviation flight lights present as well. The light source was too low to the ground to be any craft I have ever seen. Suddenly the light accelerated forward and parallel to a speed I can only describe 10-15 times faster than that of a meteor racing downward and across the sky heading entering our atmosphere. The light source travelled an immense length air space in less than one second. If I had to estimate the distance it travelled I would have to say approximately 30-40 miles in the previously described one second of time. At the time of its parallel acceleration not a sound was emitted from the light source, It remained absolutely silent in its forward motion and the light became smaller in size almost instantly. The light source size was that of a grape from the position I continued to observe it from. Then the light source took a vertical trajectory, comparable to a child sliding “up” not down a slide. The light source during this upward trajectory increased speed and was traveling even faster than it had during its initial parallel acceleration. The size of the light source at its last visible observation as it turned upward was now that of a small pea.  Suddenly it was gone, simply disappearing out of sight and, what I believe to be, out of our atmosphere. I was unable to move, I was frozen staring at the area of the sky where the light source once was. My heart was beating fast and loud. I felt sick to my stomach. I had no idea what I had just witnessed but I knew in my heart that there was no way that source of that light was from anything on this earth. The speed was greater than anything we as a civilization can possibly have at our disposal. I walked up to the front door of my house and my wife opened the door. She had the portable phone to her ear and was on hold with the power company. She slowly removed the phone from her ear dropping it down to her side. She was looking at me with a facial expression of concern. She said “What’s wrong with you, you look like you seen a ghost?” I stared at her without saying a word. She said “Your pale, get in the house, what’s wrong?” My response was “I just saw a UFO. I can’t explain what I just saw.” I asked her if she had seen the light over the house and she advised that she had not and that she had been in the den on hold with the power company. It was then that the power company employee came on the line and advised my wife that there was a small pocket of outage in our area. My wife asked her if she knew why and the operator advised that she wasn’t sure why. My wife asked how long before the power would be back on and the employee stated “We need to find something wro! ng before we can fix it and right now we don’t show any blown transformers or downed power lines.” My wife hung up the phone and not 5-10 seconds later the power came back on causing us to jump. I explained to her what I had observed outside our home and reiterated that when I got to the door on my way back that I looked shaken. The events depicted above are absolutely true and accurate. I have told a few friends and family members of the facts surrounding the events described above but have neglected to officially report said incident.  I am reporting the incident now so that the occurrence can be documented for possible future reference.;33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
Pale, ruddy starlike object;2001-03-18 05:04:00;30 seconds?;Pale, ruddy starlike object While stargazing, I noticed a star that should not be there, and while I stared at it, it started to move slowly. Noticed it in the Bootes patch of sky, it moved slowly through Ursa Major. Looked like a reddish star, near the color of Antares perhaps. It did not blink, flash, or change color. Visual magnitude, approximately 3.5. It seemed to speed up just a little while it traveled between Arcturus and eta-UM. Slowed down in Ursa Major, and I lost it to the sky. I'm estimating very high altitude or low Earth orbit. The satellites I'm used to seeing move faster than what I am reporting here.;33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
bright light that hovered forward/backward and side to side.;2002-04-18 05:30:00;until dawn;bright light that hovered forward/backward and side to side. The object looked like a bright light but would stay in one place, then quickly move forward, hover, quickly move back, hove, then go from side to side.  My husband watched this until the sun the dawns light made it unable to watch. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the object may have been a celestial body, but that is only a guess.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
Unblinking red light motionless for over one hour in the sky.;2003-08-30 22:35:00;70 minutes?;Unblinking red light motionless for over one hour in the sky. A very red starlight object hovered motionless in the WNW sky. Not orange-red, not blood-red, just pure red. Approximate magnitude 2.0, 45 degrees above the horizon. I don't know if it was the same object, or perhaps a second object, one hour later it was five degrees to the south (still 45 degrees above the horizon. It never blinked or changed in any way. The pure red color drew the eye. I watched it for 20 minutes the first time. Since I was already outside with my telescope looking at Mars (which was in the opposite sky), I looked at this object through my telescope. I could discern no shape, or even source of the light (was not reflecting light they way lights on standard aircraft tend to do.) Therefore all I could see through the telescope was a very red star surrounded by darkness. When I looked at it an hour later, it had moved or another one had shown up, I only saw the one light. No flashing, blinking, or moving one moment it was there, and suddenly it was gone. At first I thought it was a helicopter, looking through my telescope I realized it was not (I would have seen the shape.) Sky was clear overhead with some haze/fog along the horizon (well below the strange light.) This red light barely even twinkled, adding to the strangeness. I am baffled. This light didn't do anything at all. I just recognized it as a star that shouldn't be there, and a ruby red star at that. If I am to guess the altitude, I would say 30,000 feet? This did not seem to be a very high altitude object. I am a longtime amateur astronomer and and able to tell the differences between aircraft, helicopters, dirigibles, migrating birds, etc. If this was one of ours, it must be something new. The light did not do anything, it was hung in the sky, unblinking and unflashing. ((NUFORC Note:  Many other reports.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
light that was not a plane;2003-10-30 06:35:00;5 sec;light that was not a plane I was outside smoking, turn around dont know why, say a bright light that got smaller untill gone ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides a paucity of information.  We wonder whether the witness might have been observing a celestial body, or a satellite.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
For the past few days I and some friends have been gazing at the stars ((NUFORC Note:  Twinkling star, we wonder??  PD));2004-09-02 20:03:00;ongoing;For the past few days I and some friends have been gazing at the stars and while we focused on a southwest direction, we noticed a flickering star.  Strangely the star changed colors.  The colors were red, blue, off and on.  This has been going on for a few days.  We are reporting this because Never before have we seen or heard of such a phenomenon.  So, please contact (562) ((number deleted)) after 4:00 p.m. pacific time with any information you might have. ((NUFORC Note:  We wonder whether the witness might have been looking at a twinkling star.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
Amazing sighting in Whittier. (Frequent sighting)  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible celestial bodies, perhaps twinkling stars??  PD));2006-03-11 09:00:00;45 Min;Amazing sighting in Whittier. (Frequent sighting) This happens quite often in Whittier, CA.  If you are familiar with Whittier, especially uptown, If you're lucky and keep a lookout west...  these flickering (orange, green, yellow, red) lights (crafts) will hover over and under one another while remaining in the same general area. The event usually will last 45 Min. to 1 Hour while the lights get tremendously bright.  After the 45 Min. or so has past, they just vanish, like someone has turned off a light-switch. The sight is pretty amazing if you have not seen it, and for the first time viewers... it usually scares the holy heck out of them and then the amazement sets in. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible celestial bodies, perhaps twinkling stars??  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
bright white light with violet streaks;2007-03-31 19:00:00;30 seconds;bright white light with violet streaks It was about 7:50 pm we were on our way home when we approached Valley View and Telegraph heading north bound when we stopped to make a right turn on Telegraph when I noticed a white bright light with violet streaks eminating from it ,it was hovering very low over a used car lot just cady corner from us ,she was driving and did not get a look at it like I did but I had mentioned it to her and I told her that when she returns back to her home where she might see it .She then dropped me off in front of my apartment and I went and got myself together and walked back to that location but it was gone from sight .;33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
3 lights in the sky stationary. uniform horizontally;2008-02-11 01:00:00;30-40min;3 lights in the sky stationary. uniform horizontally I saw 1 object out my window as i lay to go to bed that caught my eye. It blinked and moved slowly in that one area. Catching my eye because i can see it go in and out of my blinds. I looked out the window and saw 2 other solid lights which looked like starts. Colored incandescent almost amber-like.  Nothing out of the ordinary? I've slept with my blinds open for the 3 years Ive lived here and am used to seeing planes en route to LAX and helicopter flying around. This is the first time anything unusual has caught my eye. The two stationary objects looked like pinholes in the sky. As I look at the stars, they shimmer and have a bluish white color.  All 3 objects looked very far. they were in the same area for approx 45min, then i fell asleep;33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
One jumping light dissapears,;2009-06-19 21:35:00;10 mins;One jumping light dissapears, Me and my girlfriend spot a constant light going across the sky before we get into my car. Although intrigued we get into my car and drive to my house.  15 minutes after ,while driving, me and my girlfriend see a helicopter and a very constant unwavering light behind it. Seconds later the same light jumps a considerable amount across the sky. Our attention peaked and we pulled off the road to see what it was, when it disappeared.;33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
Thick bright light travels across southern California then disappears?;2010-01-04 17:40:00;3 seconds;Thick bright light travels across southern California then disappears? I went outside just to look at the night sky for no particular reason, then i saw a thick bright light heading in the direction of north east.  It was traveling very slow, at first i thought it was an aircraft, then i realized it had no blinking lights then about 3 seconds later it completely faded away.  I have no idea nor explanation what it could of been, i know i have pretty good judgment to separate fact or fiction, but this light that completely disappear after traveling very slow completely baffled me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
Large light and small light over Southeast L.A. County;2013-09-28 18:40:00;10-15 minutes;Large light and small light over Southeast L.A. County At 6:40 p.m. on Saturday evening, September 28, 2013, I was parked on Whittier Blvd b/t Painter Avenue and Strub Avenue, when I noticed far in the distance a large but bright white light hovering high in the sky. I estimate the large light was approximately 10-15 miles away, to the northwest of my location, which would possibly place it closer to Los Angeles International Airport.  For about 10 minutes, I simply watched it hover in the sky. During this time, I noticed a helicopter flying towards the northwest in the general direction of the light, but the helicopter was flying far below where this object was located in the sky, and it did not appear that the helicopter had seen or was targeting the object. At approximately 6:50 p.m. the large light began to drift slowly towards the north. Then, a second, very small white light suddenly appeared above the first light, and appeared to be moving towards the larger object. At this point, I was distracted by a small crowd of people, but I did take the time to point out the large light to a couple near me, who did indicate that they did see it as well. I looked up again a couple of minutes later, at approximately 6:55 p.m., and both objects had disappeared.;33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
Light moving faster and higher till it disappeared.;2013-11-06 05:10:00;10 seconds;Light moving faster and higher till it disappeared. I was looking up at the stars, then I saw a red light moving fast and really high up there, then the light turned blue and continued to move faster and higher till it disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
Bright star-like object seen moving east to west over the Los Angeles area around sunset.  ((anonymous report));2019-04-19 19:15:00;10 minutes;Bright star-like object seen moving east to west over the Los Angeles area around sunset. On April 19, 2019, at approximately 7:15 pm, I was driving northbound in Whittier, CA (zip code 90605).  At a red light, I observed what appeared to be star.  I thought it was unusual for a start to be out so early at that time of day and then noticed that it was moving.   The object was very high in the sky – well above the flight path of planes returning to LAX.  The object was moving west.  It did not change direction.   Once I arrived home, approximately 4 minutes after my initial viewing, I spotted the object. I continued westbound and slowly faded into the sunset.  I did not observe any kind of tail or smoke streak from the object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
