UFO sighting one summer night back in the late 1980's.;1988-08-01 20:00:00;5 minute;UFO sighting one summer night back in the late 1980's. Years back one summer night.  My sister was lying down in the living room couch looking outside at the stars.  My Mom & I were at the house.   All of a sudden my sister yelled out for us.  She was yelling, “Look, look, what is that up there?”  My sister, Mom and Me looked out the window and there was an oval shape flying saucer with different colors around it standing still on top of a mountain near our home.  It appeared it was looking down at the water tower in Turnbull Canyons Hills, Hacienda Heights, CA.   I ran to call my neighbors so they can come and see it.  By the time they came out my sister said the UFO disappeared rapidly.  Turnbull Canyons Hills in Hacienda Heights, CA, in the U.S.A. is popular for supernatural stuff.   I will never forget what I saw but it was brief. ((NUFORC Note:  Date indicated by source of report is illogical.  We have assigned an arbitrary date above.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
toy ballon shaped ufo;2005-09-10 00:00:00;5 minutes;toy balloon shaped ufo I was standing in front of a secound story apt.looking up when I saw it, I thought it was a birthday balloon silver in color as it moved across the sky it shined light chrome at first ,I thought to myself it must be a ballon ,but then it turned bright red on the right side of it. Then I was convinced that it was not just a birthday balloon flying across the sky.  It came from the south and traveled north until it flewed away. I have been living in this area 20 years and this has been a hot spot for some time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not indicate either date, or time, of incident.  We have requested that information from the witness.  Arbitrarily assigned date appears above.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
Red Shimmering Object over Whittier California;2006-03-10 21:00:00;About 35 minutes;Red Shimmering Object over Whittier California I live in Whittier Ca. I recieved a phonecall from my husband on Friday March 10,06 about 8:40pm telling me to run outside and view this big red light object in the sky. I ran out with the cordless phone still in hand.  He was about 2 miles or so from home at his Dad's house off of Meyer and Imperial.  As he had arrived at his dads getting off his car he said he looked up at the moon, (1/4 moon that night), and saw this big glowing red object.  As he watched it for a minute or so, it appeared to be dropping something or shooting something out the bottom.  He said it looked like possible flames, or lights. As I viewed from my front yard, it was stationary.  It sat at about 2 miles or so in the south/east sky, I was looking towards the right and up from my driveway.  It's kind of hard to judge the distance from me. It wasn't real high up either, but it shimmered a vibrant red that you really couldn't get an accurate shape of it. It appeared as being oval.  Now thinking back, I'd say with an arms length measurement, it appeared to be about the size of a hot air balloon, not too high up and not too low. We were experiencing a storm from Alaska at this time, but the skies were pretty clear. There was some clouds around, but not in the area of this object. The sky was really clear in the area it was. As I watched it in awe I began calling alot of family and friends so they could see it.  In years past I have viewed some strange objects, etc, and I wanted everyone I know in this area to see this.  The only ones I got a hold of were my two brothers.  One, who lives in Montebello, and the other who was visiting here from Hesperia.  He had been here earlier in the day and went to do some visiting in Montebello, taking my youngest son with him. It was stationed in this position for about 5 minutes, then slowly started moving towards the north/east, and then became stationary again.  This time I was looking at it directly infront of me.  It sat directly above the house across the street now, and just to the right lower area of the moon. As it sat there for about 7 to 10 minutes it started doing a slow flashing.  It would go off and on with a duration of about 4 seconds in between flashes.  It flashed this way maybe about 5-6 times, then stopped. I live on a busy street, Gunn Ave and Mulberry Dr, and I can't believe that all the cars driving by didn't even notice it.  Nobody was pulling over to look at it!  At about this time, my brother and son arrived. I had called them on the cell phone to tell them about it. They were on their way here to Whittier from Montebello. They weren't even a full mile from here when I called.  They pulled over and saw it from the intersection of Laurel and Lambert, then kept driving here keeping it in view. When they arrived, it was still stationary across the street from my house.  We watched it as it started to flash again with the same amount of duration.  As I watched with them now for another 5 minutes or so, it started to slowly move again, still going in a north/east looking direction. It stopped again.  This time it looked to be in the area of Whittier Blvd and maybe Colima.  It appeared smaller at this distance, but you could still see it.  It became stationary again, and started to again flash a few times.   At one point it went totally dark, like it had disappeared.  It was out for about 10 seconds, then came back on.  It started moving further away, and by this time the clouds in that area of the sky from the storm seemed to swallow it up and we couldn't see it any longer. Upon discussing with my brother from Montebello of his account from that distance away, he was able to run and get his binoculars.  I could have ran in my house to get a camera, but was afraid I would miss something, so I just watched and called everyone. He said through the binoculars, even at a distance of about 8 miles west of my house that the object appeared to be of a triangle shape.  He must of had some good binoculars, because I thought it looked to be oval. Again it was shimmering alot, so I couldn't see the exact outline of it.  At one point he said a different colored light on each end of the triangle came on.  A green one, yellow one, and I think he said a red one.  To me, the whole time it appeared to be a very vibrant ruby red shimmer.  When I saw it flashing on and off, he said that it was flipping.  The kind of flipping you would get from flipping a coin. From his distance, he said at arms length it appeared to be the size of his thumb. I can't explain the differences in our views of the shape, only that he may of had an advantage with using the binoculars. It was just an awesome sight to see!   When discussing its viewing with my husband later in the evening, he said the flight pattern of the airplanes seemed to have changed too, as if being diverted away at a further distance.  My son also commented at the time of the viewing that its strange we weren't seeing any jets being sent out to investigate.  Didn't anybody else see it???  I also remembered a few years back that a very similar object had been spotted in Montebello and Monterey Park Ca too.  It came out in the Montebello Newspaper.  I also found it posted on this site: http://www.100megsfree4.com/farshores/ufo03us6.htm  If anyone else in this area seen the same thing, please post it! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
Red oval object ejecting very small white objects before disappearing;2011-02-06 04:25:00;2 minutes;Red oval object ejecting very small white objects before disappearing Went to walk dog in the front facing south then saw a red object traveling east to west eject very small white objects ( 2 or 3 ).  Object seemed to disappear only to reappear  and eject another white object. Then disappeared (blinked out).;33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
