Huge Triangle over Whittier in 1977.;1977-06-30 16:00:00;2 hours;Huge Triangle over Whittier in 1977. I have been looking at many UFO sites for years and have even had a photo posted a few years ago of a UFO I got a picture of while in Washington State.  I even submitted photos last year that showed objects in front of me and around me while driving from Texas to California.  Needless to say I have had a few sightings.  What brought me to write today was that I noticed a few reports from the 1977-78 period of pretty much what I saw myself in the city of Whittier.  I am in my late 30's now and at the time I was in 6th grade.. The time was close to 4pm because my friend's mom was the manager of a donut shop and we would go pig out there everyday after school.  We got to the corner of Lambert & Colima when one of the kids yelled hey look a rocket!. We looked up towards the Hacienda Hts area.  There is a big hill you have to go over that leads into Hacienda Heights using Colima Rd.  We saw the object in plain sight but at first all we could see was a flame coming out of something.  It was right above Colima Rd at the top of the hill.  That is a major pathway for planes coming into LAX.  They come in every few minutes so someone had to have seen something.  We continued watching the object and then it started to move high into the sky but towards our direction and settling directly above.  As it got above our heads (several thousand feet in the air), I could see it perfectly, it was a huge  Triangle with different colored blinking lights on the side (specifically blue & red), a flame coming out of the back, and a bright white light at the tip.  It stayed up there for at least 2 hours.  Didn't move.  The time was now way after 5pm and it started to get dark. The triangle was now blending in perfectly with the stars.  I remember still faintly being able to see the red/orange flame coming out the back and not really being able to see the red & blue lights on the sides anymore.  My neck was hurting so badly from looking straight up for all that time that I finally had to take a few minuets rest.  When I looked back up I couldn't find it but all the kids were saying it's right there and pointing it out to me.. Well I just couldn't find it anymore because it just blended in with the stars so well. I ran home to tell my family but who would believe a young kid saying such a story.  I mean, if it were that big, flying in LAX air traffic space, in plain sight, then why was there no news covereage or any mention of it??  Well I never did hear anything about it but I know what I saw. It is fresh in my memory to this day as if it just happened yesterday.  Who knows maybe since we were kids, the er uh visitors only allowed us to see them.  But whatever it was, it was huge, it was close, and it was real.   I would also like to add that a few years later (early 80's) I was watching a UFO documentary and they told the story of a man in either Wyoming or Montana that shot at a UFO that was chasing him.  Well guess what?  He drew the exact same thing I saw that day.  The triangle, flame coming out the back, bright white light at the tip, and different colored lights on the side.   I got excited and called my brother to come watch and asked him if he remembered the UFO story I told him about a few years back, I said that's exactly what I saw.  He just basically said are you sure and I said I'm positive (to which he replied what a trip).   I guess I got so excited because someone other than the group of kids and myself actually had an encounter with this thing and drew it in all exactness of what I saw that day.. I read about the enormous Chevron craft seen by a woman over the 605 fwy that same time period as well as another story relating to the same info and I knew I had to include my experience as well.  The area over Colima Rd is a sort of UFO hotspot.  In 1998 after leaving a friend's house just before midnight, I drove up Colima Rd coming from Hacienda to Whiiter, and as I neared the top of the hill a White light just shot across in front of me.  I sped up to try and get another look but it was long gone.  It was just like a Blip but I saw it and it was not a reflection from any other lights because for those who know that hilltop, there is a small area where there are no street lights, that's where it flew across.   I feel relieved in a sense to hear that other people have come across what I saw that day back in the late 70's.  Although I know what I saw, it's just so relieving to know that I wasn't alone and that others came across some big, weird stuff they can't explain either.  I gotta tell you, seeing something like that is better than getting your first bicycle on Christmas - it really is. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
Colaboration of 1978 sighting in Whittier, California (Southeast Los Angeles County).;1978-01-01 02:30:00;unknown;Colaboration of 1978 sighting in Whittier, California (Southeast Los Angeles County). I was recently scanning thru old sightings on your websight and came across one of  great interest to me.  It concerned a woman who spotted a flying object over the 605 freeway in 1977 or 1978 (she couldn't remember exact date).  This sighting was actually posted in 2000, since the woman was new to the web.  Well, back in 1978, my neighbor told me of a VERY SIMILAR sighting that she had the night before.  She was driving home travelling south on the 605 Freeway (Southeast Los Angeles County) at 2:30 AM (the woman was driving north on 605 fwy), when she saw a bright light that she first thought to be a helicopter spotlight.  She estimated the object to be a couple of miles away.  As she drove south, the object was slowly flying north towards her.  To this day, it is a desolate stretch of freeway.  My neighbor slowed to a crawl as it approached, since it was hugh and obviously not a helicopted or airplane of any type she had ever seen.  She did not stop as it slowly flew directly over her at what she estimated to be 100 feet or so- VERY LOW.  She said it was dark in color and possibly triangle in shape and looked like some sort of hugh flying machine with lights.  She was uncomfortable telling the story and had NO reason to lie and only told me after repeated questioning of the slight sunburn on ONE side of her face- which she admitted she thought was caused by object.  I  am guessing my neighbor probably saw the same object that this woman saw.  I travel the same freeway about a dozen times per week and have never seen anything unusual. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We will invite the source of this report contact the witness, if possible, and have her submit a report.  She may know the date.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
V-Shaped object hovering over residential neighborhood.;2011-08-22 20:22:00;2:00;V-Shaped object hovering over residential neighborhood. Observed unusual bright light gliding from hills at Hellman Wilderness Park.  Craft headed south toward residential neighborhood, looked to be very low in the sky then shot straight up into night sky until it disappeared.   Object was V-shaped and made no sound.;33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
The objects were triangular in shape and moved in a trianglular formation.;2012-07-18 22:00:00;About 30 min.;The objects were triangular in shape and moved in a trianglular formation. We saw 3 of what appeared to be stationary bright lights.  Upon closer inspection with a scope and a telescope, it was seen that they were triangular.  The objects did not move slowly and in a fixed direction as do airplanes.  They seemed to hover and move in all directions.  They stayed around for about half an hour.and then they abruptly left. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
One cluster (cluster A) was flying low in the sky (like a typical airplane height) and was being paced by a much smaller single light.;2019-11-03 00:45:00;45 minutes;One cluster (cluster A) was flying low in the sky (like a typical airplane height) and was being paced by a much smaller single light. The smaller light eventually continued at a faster pace towards the north/west until it disappeared. Then at a much higher position another cluster of lights (cluster B) appeared moving across the sky south to north. Both clusters eventually lined up one above the other but from my perspective they were probably on the same “plane.” At this point they both rose higher and went in opposite directions. I lost sight of cluster B as it headed more towards the west and was getting smaller until it blended in with the stars in the sky (size wise). Cluster A was much more easier to track as it headed towards the east and almost directly above me. Both clusters when I first saw them were much larger in scale almost blimp like or hot air balloon in size. Cluster A kept getting higher and also starting to blend in with the size of the ! night stars. Cluster A moved close to the Little Dipper and then headed back towards the west where the light pollution eventually made it almost impossible to keep track of. I actually laid down on the ground to monitor cluster A because my neck started to hurt. I tracked it for over 40 minutes. I also have very grainy iPhone footage that I hastily filmed for 3 minutes but is very hard to see because of the distance. But you can see both clusters as they lined up with each other shortly after I first saw them.;33.9759050909083;-118.030715927274
