Saw a bright V formation that looked like birds in the dark night sky, it flew over faster than any bird formation I have ever seen.;2019-10-05 02:19:00;~1-2 minutes;Saw a bright V formation that looked like birds in the dark night sky, it flew over faster than any bird formation I have ever seen. I often see comets or shooting stars as I sit on a bench on my front porch. Sometimes they are like a thin white streak through the night sky. Sometimes they are closer to earth and are a bright beautiful yellow. I enjoy seeing these, so I will often try to catch them. Last night at 2:19 or so I was sitting and I noticed something above in my peripheral.  I looked up and it is a perfect v flying against the night sky.  Glowing, and I am immediately out of my seat, rationalizing it to myself.  Those are birds. It looks almost like the V birds make but somehow perfect and they are moving totally unlike birds. Nothing is staggered, it's almost like it's coasting.  The light had seemed extremely bright when it was basically over top of me, but once it started to move rapidly away, it began to get slightly dimmer, but I could still easily see it against the night sky. In no time at all the V is getting longer and longer in the distance.  The formation is heading towar! ds town so I can see the shape against the slightly lit up backdrop above the trees and I swear before it dipped below I could see the outline of a ship.  It seemed wide like a saucer but thicker height wise then what I generally think of a saucer.  I have lived here for more than a year.  It is a tourist town on the coast and there is a military base very nearby.  The Eglin Air Force Base. Basically this town is tourists and military members. I have never had an encounter like this before. I was on the phone with a friend of mine just screaming, What is that? That is not normal. Because, it wasn't. Airplanes fly over my all the time.  I am used to the roar at all hours of the night. I have watched from the beach as the air force practiced flying their jets in formation, and my daughter cried because it was literally too loud for her.  I know what ships sound and look like in the sky, but whatever I saw last night was totally silent. No hum to the air. No roar as it passed by.  I was terrified and giddy all at the same time.  I almost started to cry, because in the midst of this thing I did not understand I realized it was sort of a gift.  I am writing this in the hopes that you maybe get something from around this! area last night, that someone else saw something and I am not crazy.  Even if no one else did see though, I never thought I would get to see something like it.  It was a singular experience that was difficult to describe. I hope it helps!;30.3954416666667;-86.4708333333334
