1976 observation in W.Texas of 3 rapidly moving lights at very high alt. moving in a way that wouldn't be possible for man made craft;1976-07-15 21:50:00;5 minutes;1976 observation in W.Texas of 3 rapidly moving lights at very high alt. moving in a way that wouldn't be possible for man made craft The following account is what my friend and I remember seeing some 30 years ago while riding bikes near Leakey, Texas.  It was a very dark night, few clouds in the sky.  He saw the lights first and so saw them a bit before pointing them out to me.  I recall the lights being higher up than a jet would fly but moving very quickly across the sky.  I remember thinking that there was no way that an object that high up could be moving that fast - at least a man made object.  The lights were perhaps as bright as one of the planets (Mars or Jupitor). I recall - all these years later the three objects (lights) moving as a triad together across the heavens.  After a few minutes (maybe three) they stopped at the zenith of the sky and stayed there just a moment.  Then one zoomed off at a very high rate of speed (no way it could have been a man made craft)in one direction seconds later a second one went off in a different direction and then seconds later the third went off in another direction.  I remember looking us looking at each other and saying - did we really just see that?  Since then, I've been an avowed UFO believer.  We had not been drinking or using drugs.  The following is what my friend remembers - it is not prompted except to ask him what he recalled.  The best I can remember, I think it was during the summer of 1976.  I have pictures of you visiting in my photo album, in storage, of that trip.   I could dig them out and see at least what month and year it may have taken place.  I believe that was the summer my grandparents were adding on the new kitchen to the old green house. We were riding bikes up and down Ranch Road 1120 between Leakey and Rio Frio.   It was about 9:30 at night.  We had stopped briefly to rest. We both looked up at the stars.  A few minutes later, I saw a bright light come from the west, another from the east and another from the north.  They were probably (wild ass guess) 15,000 miles up. What caught my attention was that they were coming at a high rate of speed from the three directions. They all came to a point and then came to a complete stop together (from our perspective).  After about 60 seconds, they suddenly shot off into different directions at a high rate of speed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));29.769;-99.7479
Bright star like object moved from W to E @ a slow pace, for approx. 15 min. w/ fading brightness in & out.;2001-07-18 23:15:00;approx 15 min;Bright star like object moved from W to E @ a slow pace, for approx. 15 min. w/ fading brightness in & out. Was @ Frio River, night was clear and warm, stars were bright.  It caught my eye first because I thought it was a falling star.  I pointed the object out to my friend, he too, saw it.  This object was far away in distance, higher than a plane would fly, but just as bright as a star is, only this would fade in & out slowly, you would see ifthen it would dissappear for a minute, it was moving from W to E @ a very slow  &steady pace.  It lasted for about 15 minutes before the shining object just dissappeared into the night sky.  I really believe I witnessed something, my thoughts, it's definately special.;29.769;-99.7479
My friend and I were sitting at the banks of a narrow river, across from a 127 foot cliff of a canyon. As we were looking at the stars,;2006-07-17 22:30:00;less than a minute;My friend and I were sitting at the banks of a narrow river, across from a 127 foot cliff of a canyon.  As we were looking at the stars, we both noticed a single white light slowly rise over the edge of the cliff.  It made no noise, and it did not have the normal red and green lights like other known aircraft would have.   The light moved slowly past the cliff, stopped and hovered for a few seconds and then shot off out of site very quickly to our left. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she sounded to be quite sober-minded and sincere about the several sightings she though she had had, during her lifetime.  This is one of seven reports she submitted.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));29.769;-99.7479
