Family sees triangular shaped ufo;1999-07-15 23:00:00;15-20 min;Family sees triangular shaped ufo First I should say that this event occured a long time ago, but my memory of the event is quite specific however. I had always been a huge UFO fan before I witnessed the object, and after I had to report it. (I may have reported this to your site before) We (my brother, myself, and the driver: my dad) were all driving down a road to get home after we had been out at my family's. This is a particularly 'country' type road and I always see lights in the sky that I hope are real UFO's on road's like these but quickly dismiss them as airplanes or other aircraft. THIS WAS NOT ONE OF THOSE NIGHTS. I think it was about 11:30 p.m. when we first spotted the object. Only my brother and I were witnesses to the triangular shaped craft, my father had no interest in our whoa look at this! and other mentions of the unusual thing. He had to keep his eye's on the road, and I was bending my neck backwards just to get a look at it. What's original about my sighting was that the object seemed particularly interested in us and the car we were in. I felt it could sense our fascination of the object and the feeling seemed that it was curious of our reaction, when most might be horrified. It hovered around thirty feet OR LESS directly above our car and wavered slightly from side to side to give me a few good looks at it. It was definitely triangular without a doubt, with a red, white, and possibly blue lights on the tips (oddly). I thought I saw a light on the top which would make it a pyramid, but my brother saw no such thing. There were no odd car reactions (i.e. car suddenly stopping) and the object simply left when we got to a more populated area. I think a saw a car far behind us in the incident so we may not of been the only witnesses. Threw the whole ordeal the object emitted no sound. Which makes it extremely unlikely that it was some kind of experimental government craft, note that there were (laughs) NO GOVERNMENT BASES OR TEST SITES IN THE AREA. After a careful analysis of what I saw I concluded it was a UFO which could not be identified by any terrestrial craft or natural events. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  We would like to know the precise date of the event, if possible, and we would very much like to receive reports from the other witnesses.  However, we have no way of contacting the witness.  PD));39.9717430127043;-86.1241718693277
