Chevon Shaped Craft in Southeast Missouri;2000-07-14 23:30:00;15-20 minutes;Chevon Shaped Craft in Southeast Missouri AT aprox. 23:30 hours, I was driving down Highway 60 headed west when I noticed a light out my driver side window. I casually categorized it as an airplane until I noticed another one. Then I studied the sky and realized that there were at least 5 aircraft in the sky. 4 of them were strobes that either were very small or very high altitude (was hard to determine in a moving vehicle.) The other one was fairly close and moving slowly to the east it seemed. I turned left (south) onto highway 114 and was still watching the objects. The strobes were playing tag with each other, they flittered about the sky in very very fast, short movements. The lower one seemed to turn back to the west some (heading in my general direction.) As I was going to pull over I got a good look at the craft as it rotated (not turned, rotated in place) towards me. It had three white lights , each at a corner of the object. It was chevron shaped and tubular. The best way I can describe it was that it looked like two toilet paper rolls merged together at a 45' angle but the front was rounded as well. It appeared to be in the vicinity of 1000' feet off the ground at a maximum. Seeing how low it was due to it's relationship to trees in my field of view, I suddenly got a vary bad feeling about stopping.I found this odd in retrospect as I have been a long time believer and have had sightings previously. Normally I would think of myself as being the being the first person to jump out and way to it. At this point I sped up and only occasionally looked back at it. When I arrived to my in-laws house in Essex Mo, I immediatley got out and looked up in the sky where the object had been, expecting to not see anything , but the object (or one like it) was slowly gliding to the northeast. I ran inside to get my wife and she returned outside with me to watch the object fly off out of sight. At that point all that could be determined was that it was a slow, rather low flying object that did not make any noise and did not display lighting consistent with FAA regulations (i.e. no red or blue lights, only white.)   My wife and I noticed some more of the strobes playing around in the sky very briefly as well. I am not a crakpot and I am not an illiterate backwoods person. I spent 7 years in avionics in the USAF and now am a Computer Network Engineer. I do not wish to recieve any press from this, but am willing to cooperate with any researchers that want more info. I will be watching the skies for more, that is for sure.;36.8902000000002;-89.582600000001
