Sitting on bench at UCCC. Looked up to the West and saw an oval UFO. Closed my eyes because my mind could not believe what it was witne;1994-10-15 13:00:00;30 seconds;Sitting on bench at UCCC. Looked up to the West and saw an oval UFO. Closed my eyes because my mind could not believe what it was witnessing.. Opened my eyes and the object was standing still in the air. I felt very scared and closed my eyes again. When I opened my eyes the UFO was gone.  It was broad daylight.  (The UCCC college is south of Kingston, NY and I was sitting on the bench facing the West--not East.) Sorry, had my directions wrong. (Made a drawing of the UFO, but I'm not sure if I still have the drawing.) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.8616;-74.1684
Slow moving red lights descended, disappeared then reappeared and ascended dogs barked at them.;2004-02-22 21:00:00;7 minutes;Slow moving red lights descended, disappeared then reappeared and ascended dogs barked at them. At approximately 21:00 during the last week in February of this year (I just now found out I could report this here) I was on my back porch talking on the phone with a friend and my 2 labrador retrievers were in the back yard.  Suddenly I noticed an oval shaped set of reddish, ethereal lights approaching from the southwest just above the treeline about 100 yards from me. There was no sound associated with this low, slow moving multiple red light object.  The woods behind my house are my property in all directions for at least a mile and there are no buildings on the property except my home. Both dogs began to bark like mad and started running toward where the light was descending. My nearest neighbor lives 3/4 of a mile away and I have almost no light intereference because Stone Ridge is rural.  In fact, I live only 8 miles from where Whitley Streiber used to have his upstate cabin (Accord, NY).  In fact, I spoke on the phone with Mr. Streiber several years ago and after talking for about an hour he confirmed that I was witnessing multiple viewings of UFO's.  Anyway, the dogs gave some chase towards the reddish object which consisted of 6 or 7 lights which I could not determine if they were separate from each other because of the strange ethereal glow the emitted They did move in complete unison though.  The glow was confusing.  The lights lowered all the into the woods (definitely on my property) and then I couldn't see them.  Meanwhile I was describing to my friend on the phone exactly what I was seeing because I couldn't believe it. I lost sight of the lights once they dipped into the woods and the dogs relaxed their barking and I wasn't about to go into the woods to go see for myself what it was because it was too weird.  I kept talking to my friend about it and I described it to her and kept talking about  it when about 6 or 7 minutes later (maybe less time went by but not too much) the exact same silent 6 or 7 weird glowing reddish hazy orbs all lifted up again to just above the tree level and floated off the way it came.  When it lifted up the dogs started going berserk again but they stopped short of chasing into the woods too.  When I went back into the house my husband wanted to know what on earth had made the dogs make so much noise barking and I told him what had happened and he told me that I had just imagine the lights.  Well, I didn't imagine them.  It's the 3rd time I've seen similar lights while walking my dogs in our back field but this was the only time they descended and then ascended again.  I went into the woods the next day when it was light out (obviously) and checked around to see if I could see anything unusual on the ground but I found nothing and my woods are pretty remote and I was kind of freaked out, even in the daytime with the dogs (who didn't seem to sniff at anything overly either).  So, I got out of there fairly fast because I've heard that some people have seen greys in broad daylight in Stone Ridge and I think I'd be scared to death if I saw something in daylight that I couldn't expain.   In closing I just wish to say that if I have ever been abducted I have no memory of it but I believe that my younger son may have been.  He's too young to talk to about it.  It scares me though. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD));41.8616;-74.1684
