930a.m. six starlike objects following an airforce jet spotted  in the northern sky.  1130a.m. approximately 145 starlike objects sig;1995-09-01 09:30:00;12 minutes;930a.m. six starlike objects following an airforce jet spotted  in the northern sky.  1130a.m. approximately 145 starlike objects sighted going north.  various shapes, moving all directions. the sky was absolutely clear blue. the objects made no noise.shortly after this event my daughters thyroid ceased to function. the size of the objects varied. the first six objects were about the size of a dime.  the huge group of aprox 145 starlike objects seen at 1130a.m. were lower and about the size of the full moon. all ufos were heading north. i have attended college in nursing. i just now got on the web.  at the time of the event we didnot  have electricity.  i was going out to the well to pump up water,when the first six objects were observed.  again at 1130am i had to pump up more water,and naturally looked up again.  each time i called my daughter to come out and see them.  i always look up at the sky when i hear an airforce jet. the year was either 94 or 95. this is the first time i ever told anyone about this except for my husband. the objects moved horzontally and vertically, like stars shinning in the day time. there was no sound except for the airforce jet with the first six objects.  i have never experienced anything like this is my whole 50 years.;36.1773466666667;-116.00878
possible explanation for strange sights around Nellis AFB 3/30/01;2001-04-01 21:00:00;10 minutes;possible explanation for strange sights around Nellis AFB 3/30/01 This eeally doesn't qualify so much as a UFO report as a possible explanation for a report filed a couple of days ago by someone in las vegas. I used to live about 2 miles south of nellis AFB (foe about ten years) and saw large night maneuvers such as he described...with as many as thirty aircraft, and supporting aircraft such as refuelers, AWACS type aircraft, and cargo planes taking off at late evening hours and returning a short time later. Of course, some of these instances may be simply explained as one group of pilots leaving for their homes, and another group timed to arrive shortly thereafter. I have also witnessed the winking lights scenario described, though only once and it was here in the Pahrump valley, anout fifteen years ago. I saw a similar glowing ball of orangeish light, above the mountain range that sperates Pahrump valley from Death Valley area, it pulsed a total of three times that I witnessed, and in those pulses it appeared to travel some twenty or so miles northward . I saw NO chase airxraft as the other gentlrman described, and had two witnesses with me. I at first argued that it must have been a series of beacons on radio relay towers or something, but there are no towers along that range. No sound, ball was about the size of a pencil eraser on end at arms length. It would start as an amber dim glow, increasing in intensity over about five seconds, then flash out and reappear some five miles uprange. Whew! All of that said, I only have one more thought to add before I tell about my sighting. Because of the job Ihave, I have occasion to drive seventy miles at night five nights a week, and have noticed that lights can easily be seen thirty miles or so most of the time, and aircraft lights approaching MCCarran can be easily seen 50 miles away. You would never hear them, but you would see them, and a more inexperienced viewer might feel they are much closer, and therefor should make noise. Also, I have seen flares dropped by evading aircraft, and the orange lights are NOT at all the same, flares slowly fall to earth, start brightly and then dim. Now to my sighting. Its about 9 PM, I am in a hurry to get inside to watch something on TV, and as I walk westward to my door, I hear a low throb in the air. There is a small helicopter service that sometimes flys at night here, and the air-rescue helicopters from Vegas, each with their distinct sounds, and it was neither. Sometimes jets heading to MCCarran will throttle back over the Pahrump valley and the change in pitch as it bounces of the mountain ranges, and its strange, so I pause for a moment in the dark, scanning the clear night sky for any unusual movements. About thirty seconds later a pair of red flashing lights appear over the range of mountains directly to my Northwest, the foot of the range is two miles from my home, and I beleive that the lights were two of the black helicopters stationed out at Nellis, you can usually see them at the extreme North end of the airstrip if you drive LVBL North to the Speedway racetrack. Anyway, these are the two prop jobs, which fits with my recollection of the sounds from Nellis when I lived there. The two lights followed the ridge of the mountain Northwest and at one point flew below the ridgeline, obscuring them from view and masking their sound almost completely. Since the Nellis training grounds lie mainly NE of the Pahrump valley, I can only guess what they were doing flying along the NW range of PV, unless it had some thing to do with sneaking into the training area by flying low and entering from the west instead of the south or southeast, as much traffic does. Well, that is all I have to say, and I am not a debunker or anything, but I have lived near airbases since I was 8 years old. I'm 40 now, and worked nights for the last six years. The report from Las Vegas seems to be a description of night manuevers, with planes chasing the Agressor aircraft, and larger planes supplying intel to the pilots, whose jobs are much more dangerous at night in a dogfight situation. The flashes could be flares, and the excersise could probably be seen if it was held in the southern end of the Nellis range and the subject lived on the side of sunrise(frenchman?) mountain, say near the intersection of Lake Mead and Hollywood, which affords an excellent view at night of Nellis AFB airstrip and views some forty miles northward. I would also guess that my helicopters were involved in a similar night action, perhaps practicing recovering a pilot downed at night. Sorry to go on so long, I just thought it would be fair to give a litlle explanation of the manuevers around Nellis AFB, since a lot of people would think military air traffic at night as strange, but at Nellis, its fairly commonplace! ((NUFORC Note:  We agree with the contibutor's assessment of lights in the night sky.  They can be very difficult to identify positively.  PD));36.1773466666667;-116.00878
Moving Star-Type lights In the Sky;2006-09-17 23:47:00;10 minutes plus;Moving Star-Type lights In the Sky My children and I just witnessed something strange. We were just getting to sleep when I noticed a light that was blinking through the 3 broken slats in one of our vertical blinds. I asked my son and daughter (ages 7 and 5 respectively) if they could see anything and they said yes they could see some blinking lights. At first I thought oh how nice, clear night - stars twinkling..then something really odd happened.  Nothing an airplane would do. One of the blinking stars started ascending in a sort of zig-zag pattern then went to the left (Note: we were looking over the range Mount Charleston is on, perhaps North East, more to the East then North).  Then two more did the SAME thing. I had to open the blind more and my kids saw the other lights do this sort of zig-zag movement and they gasped. I told them I was going outside to look (they did not want me doing that!) and so I did, just to prove to myself I wasn't looking at some lasers or whatever on my window. Sure enough, there they were, the blinking lights, now a couple of them moving here and there. They are STILL outside the window. My kids are not happy about this for some reason. I've never known them to feel scared about stars or lights before. I think it was HOW they were moving, these dancing light-stars or whatever the heck they were. I don't know of any airshows in the area and it was like, they were moving about sort of like how you move a push pin around a map, that's how I can somehow explain it. Odd, isn't it? This is not a joke. And my kids do NOT want to snuggle with Mommy in her room at this point. I wish I had a camera but I don't know what I could point out other then moving stars on a video. I wonder if anyone else in the are saw them too.   Thank you for letting me share.;36.1773466666667;-116.00878
Object appearing as sattelite with amazing speed stops and maneuvers in many ways.;2010-07-19 21:30:00;45-60 seconds;Object appearing as sattelite with amazing speed stops and maneuvers in many ways. I was watching for satellites in the direction of Las Vegas, which is also in the direction of Nellis Air Force Base, when I saw what I thought was a satellite going north at what I thought was normal speed for a satellite.   All at once it sped up and appeared to be going twice the speed that it started at for about three to four seconds, and then slowed to its previous speed and in a mind blowing it just stopped.   I watched it for about 10 to 15 seconds when it started  moving again in a northeast direction and made an arching turn to the left and I lost sight of it.   It made no noise whatsoever, and appeared to be in the same territory that satellites travel.   Then it dissapeared out of my sight.;36.1773466666667;-116.00878
3 lights triangle ,to 2 lights moved fast until 2 minutes or so dimmed and disappeared.;2012-08-27 23:18:00;3 minutes;3 lights triangle ,to 2 lights moved fast until 2 minutes or so dimmed and disappeared. Saw 3 lights arranged in triangle , 1 light dissappeared the other 2 lights moved upward qickly. both lights dimmed and disappeared.;36.1773466666667;-116.00878
Saw a object emitting a bright light.  ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 18:00:00;5 minutes;Saw a object emitting  A bright light and leaving a green fluorescent after glow trail as it traveled. ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD));36.1773466666667;-116.00878
Blue ziggzaging and sudden stops light that tirned redwhen red light was flashed at it;2020-09-04 01:15:00;2-3 minutes;Blue ziggzaging and sudden stops light that tirned redwhen red light was flashed at it Sitting out side saw a fast approaching blue light from my right side  .thought it was a sattelight then it stopped froze and sat there with blue light then zipped really fast back to right and then left called my Fiance out and we watched it climb straight up and then zig zag and stop again.  Still blue light.  I then shined a red bicycle light at it and after about 20 sec it turned to red very bright . Then blue and decended behined back to right.;36.1773466666667;-116.00878
