Moving ,blue star-like object changes to bright yellow, going form north to south.;2003-07-26 04:00:00;30-60 seconds;Moving ,blue star-like object changes to bright yellow, going form north to south. My nephew was spending the night with me and my parents.  He's 11 and I'm 20.  He likes to come out at our house, sit on our deck, and stargaze and watch the bats we have in the area.  I like to do the same things, so I always go out there with him.  My mom got up early since she was off of work that night.  She joined us out there for a while, but decided to go in and brush her teeth, so she never saw it.  It was between 4:00 and 5:00 a.m. CST when this occurred.  We had seen aircraft flying overhead that night and saw lights that we always dismissed as satellites.  About a minute, or two after my mom went inside I was looking westward in the sky and saw a bright blue light that looked just like a star, but it was moving.  I thought it was just another satellite at the time, but I noticed right away that it looked brighter than the normal satellites we see in the sky.  Most are usually hard to see, but this was clearly visible.  It was going north to south.  I told my nephew to look at it, so we both were watching it.  Then about 10-15 seconds after I first saw it, it turned from blue to a very bright yellow.  That's when I had my first real doubts about it being just a satellite.  In about 5 seconds period it slowly turned a very bright yellow and then dimmed back down to blue and then continued out of sight past some pine trees.  I say slowly since it was like a dimmer switch being turned on and not like an explosion, or something that happens suddenly.  It flashed a little bit when it turned yellow.  It also doubled in size, or got brighter.  It never stopped on its path, slowed down, or sped up, it just continued on the same path, going to same speed.  It wasn't going extremely fast, about normal for a satellite, or plane.  It didn’t appear to be a meteor, since it didn't streak across the sky, leave a trail, or break up.  The light just changed color and got brighter.  There were planes in the area, but it's normal for this area, but this didn't act like the lights on a plane.  It ! also made no sound.  My nephew went back in side to get my mom, but it was already gone by the time she got there. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that a tumbling rocket booster would be the first possibility to be ruled out.  When then catch the light from the Sun just right, they reflect it so that an observer on the ground sees a flare of light as the rocket continues on its way in orbit.  PD));35.1955;-93.1873
Bright, yellow light traveling next to a jet over Arkansas;2009-03-20 22:45:00;45 seconds;Bright, yellow light traveling next to a jet over Arkansas My nephew and I were sitting out on the deck, enjoying the stars.  Every once in a while, some clouds would roll in, but at the time of the sighting, the sky was clear.  We were facing the West and off to the SW I noticed an aircraft traveling West to East.  I pointed it out to my nephew.  From the lights and sound, I could easily tell it was a jet.  A few seconds later, right overhead (North of the jet), we see this bright, yellow light moving about the same speed as the jet, moving along with it, West to East, about the same speed as the jet.  It seemed like it might have had two very faint red lights on the rear, but no lights on any wings.  You could barely make out red lights because the yellow light was so bright.  We heard the jet briefly, but didn't notice any sound from the yellow light object.  Maybe it got drowned out from the jet noise.  I've sat out on my deck lots of nights and see lots of aircraft flying overhead and am used to the light configurations on them, but I haven't seen anything really like this before.  I don't believe it was a meteor, or any kind of space debris, or satellite because it was moving too slow and didn't seem to burn up.  It was too bright to be a satellite.  The yellow light was a lot brighter than I'm used to and no lights at all on the craft were flashing.  They just stayed on and were consistent in color and brightness the entire time.  Whatever it was I think it was flying around the same altitude as the jet, or maybe higher, because even though it was at night, I've seen low flying planes and helicopters at night and can usually make out their outline.  I couldn't make out any outline on this.  Even low flying planes with their landing lights don't seem as bright as this thing was. At first I thought it might be ISS, but I've seen it before and it seemed a bit too slow to be ISS, and brighter from what I remember, plus there were the two faint, red lights to the rear of it that didn't seem consistent with ISS.  I thought maybe this might be! some ki nd of new aircraft I'm not used to seeing, maybe military since the jet was near.  If anyone can solve this mystery, I'd greatly appreciate it.;35.1955;-93.1873
Slow moving, hovering, flashing light above Yell County, AR.;2010-09-04 23:30:00;20-30 minutes;Slow moving, hovering, flashing light above Yell County, AR. My nephew and I was stargazing on the deck when we saw this blinking light in the southern sky.  This was about 11:30 at night and the sky was clear.  This was a white light that would do a quick flash, or blink every 4 seconds.  I timed it and it would flash right on 4 seconds.  It was the same color and about the same brightness as the rest of the stars in the sky. With some binoculars I was able to see it slightly better.  It was moving SSE really slowly and was in the same area of sky for at least 20 minutes. I've seen aircraft and satellites move across the sky and this was going way too slow for any I had ever seen.  There was no sound from this.  I'm not too familiar with constellation names, but after looking it up, I think this light was in the same area of the sky as the constellation Aquila, if that helps.  It was hard to tell it was moving at all and until I got my binoculars out, I wasn't 100% sure it was.  I'm thinking it might be a weather bal! loon, maybe with some kind of strobe light on it, but I wanted to be sure.  When it did light up, it seemed to be lighting something from bellow, kind of the way lighting lights up a cloud.  I could be wrong about that since it would blink so quickly, it was hard to tell for sure.  It also seemed to change brightness.  Sometimes it would seem very bright and other times you could barely notice it flashing.  The brightness seemed to come and go.  I followed this flashing light with my binoculars for about 20 minutes until it went out of sight behind some trees.;35.1955;-93.1873
Two white lights moving together.;2011-06-30 03:50:00;30 seconds;Two white lights moving together. I'm typing this right after this happened, so it's fresh in my mind.    I was having trouble going to sleep, so I decided to go outside around 3am and do some stargazing.  I saw some meteors, aircraft, and a few satellites pass over.  Nothing really out of the ordinary.   Then at exactly 3:50am (I did a time check right after this), I saw these two bright, white lights moving away from me to the southeast.  They weren't blinking.   The southern most one was slightly ahead of the other one.  They were moving about the speed of an aircraft, but these were too far apart to be lights on one airplane, but still very close together in the sky.  I don't think it was two lights on one big object because they both seemed to move independently of each other.  I also heard no aircraft noise at the time.   They were both brighter than a satellite usually is.  I've seen ISS fly over before and they were about that bright, but the one trailing behind the other one suddenly got even brighter, like someone moved a dimmer switch up.  It got brighter for about 5-10 seconds, pulsing slightly, and then they both started to get dimmer and then they disappeared behind some trees.  That was the last I saw of them.   I thought it could be satellites, but I've never seen two satellites move so closely together and go the same exact direction before.  They were clearly going the exact same way, at the exact same speed.   It didn't look like any lights on airplanes I've seen before.  I don't think they were jets, unless it was something that flies really high up with no ordinary blinking lights and something that I couldn't hear.   If someone could confirm it was just satellites, or has some other explanation, I'd really like to know.;35.1955;-93.1873
Zig-zagging orb seen over Arkansas River.;2014-05-22 22:15:00;30-45 seconds;Zig-zagging orb seen over Arkansas River. I was on the Arkansas River catfishing, and out of the corner of my eye I saw a very bright blueish object going seriously fast.  When i first saw it it was doing a wierd zigzag thing that went on for about 35 seconds.  Then it was gone.just like that it was gone. I imeadeatley started trying to explain it to myself but i couldn't because.  It couldn't.be a plane,  No blinking lights.  not a shooting star, no trail.;35.1955;-93.1873
