I observed an aircraft following a dull red orange light as it traveres east to south west at dusk.;2014-09-17 20:15:00;90 seconds;I observed an aircraft following a dull red orange light as it traveres east to south west at dusk. This report documents two objects observed in the sky near Lumberton Mississippi on September 17, 2014, at approximately 8:15pm. This may not be a UFO sighting, but a sighting of a very unusual pair of objects so I will let you be the judge of how to classify this sighting. I observed the following as I was standing at the exit door of the trailer I live in. The two objects came from due east and traveled to approximately 210 degrees southwest. They flew at a level flight path of about 30 degrees above the horizon and my impression was that they were a flight of two. It was late dusk with the stars clearly visible and the sky clear of clouds. The two objects were as such:  The lead object was a dull orange red of about stellar magnitude 3 which pulsed slightly brighter at about a 2 second interval.  The object following it appeared to be an aircraft as it had a white strobe light and I could glimpse red and green marker lights from it. At the midpoint of their travel path from my vantage point I estimate the objects were 5 miles from me.  They had an estimated separation of ¼ mile with the orange red light source in the lead.  That separation was maintained for the entire sighting. It took an estimated 90 seconds for the objects to traverse the sky from east to south west. I listened for engine noise but could hear nothing, even after I turned off my radio and fan.  This is odd as I have lots of commercial and military air traffic in my area.  Aircraft even at 40,000 feet always leave a noise trail as they pass over my property. I was hesitant to make this report but I have never seen such an event as this!  The orange red object did not appear to me to be a normal aircraft.  As it was essential a point source of light I do not know what it was. My location is approximately 5 miles due east of Interstate highway 59 exit 35 in Mississippi. I am a retired Lockheed Senior Manufacturing Engineer with 25 years of service in the Space Shuttle External Tank program at the NASA Michoud Facility in New Orleans.  I am also a 4-year Air Force veteran who worked on an ICBM launch crew.  Bona Fides are available if needed.;30.9979;-89.4547
