Reflective bubble chased by several jets.;2010-11-07 16:00:00;~7 minutes;Reflective bubble chased by several jets This was my second sighting, and last since. It was early November 2010, I was driving to my mother's house for her birthday.  I was traveling West on Route 2 from Gardner to South Hadley MA.  It was some time in the afternoon and the sky was sort of pinkish and had soft clouds, very pretty, which is why I was paying attention to the sky.  I looked up and to the right at one point and froze, because I saw what looked like a silvery, sheer orb sort of sitting in the low clouds.  It was reflecting the colors of the sky and clouds around it so at times it would be pinkish, almost like a bubble where, you mostly see the edges but they are iridescent.  I started to say, Is that...? when my boyfriend spotted it too and started tracking it.  As I was driving, I couldn't stare at it constantly, but for a few minutes as we drove along, I could see it, a perfect shiny bubble, then it would fade out and disappear, only to reappear on the other side of the highway. I was beginning to wonder what it was that I was looking at or was I just seeing things, when at least a half dozen, possibly more, jets began to chase this thing. I could see 3-4 on either side of the highway and it looked like they were trying to corral this thing.  They would send forward jets in a step like-pattern (jets at several altitudes and coming in from both sides)and get fairly close to this thing before it would disappear and reappear away from the main pack of jets.  At one point both my boyfriend and I laughed about it a little because it seemed clear that this thing was playing with the jets. After maybe 10mins or less of chasing this silvery ball, it disappeared and never came back and eventually the jets left as well. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.5763;-71.9883
Baseball-sized Orange Orb Witnessed.;2016-09-13 03:30:00;20 seconds;Baseball-sized Orange Orb Witnessed Wife and I walked outdoors to our patio on the northwest side of our new country home at approximately 3:15 AM ET in Gardner, MA.  We're new to the neighborhood, so we are diligent about opening and closing the door silently as not to disturb the neighbors who often have their windows open during the warm summer months. Being a sound engineer, I immediately noticed a deafening quiet that was unmistakable to me.  No crickets, no wind, no cars, nothing. I whispered Wow, it's really quiet out here. A little too quiet. My wife said nothing. It was dark enough so that you could not see the sky behind the trees. I realized we had a huge moon the night before, so the 'no moon' darkness had struck me as weird. Elapsed time we were outside was about 2-3 minutes.  We were both facing west toward our neighbors house when we both saw a single spherical light appear, with no dynamics in luminosity. Nothing at first, then right to full-on brightness. The singular amber / orange glow was the same exact color as the street lamp but much brighter, and the shape was spherical instead of oval, about the size of a baseball or softball.  The street lamp seemed to be about 10+ feet directly behind the object we saw.  The object kept an altitude approximately 5 feet below the street lamp from our perspective. The glowing sphere never stopped moving at any point since it appeared. It moved at about the speed of a house fly, in a perfect counter-clockwise circle, with a slightly accelerated figure 8 pattern every few revolutions.  The object moved in a circle pattern that was about 2 feet in diameter.  It left a trail of light behind itself in the same color that faded linearly, but was overrun by the sphere again before the light trail fully dissipated. I whispered, Do you see that?. Standing slightly in front of me, my wife leaned toward my viewpoint on the patio and said, Yea, what is that?.  It seemed that once this object felt us notice it's presence, it disappeared with no fade, instant off and gone.  The object was gone even before I could open my Camera app. I noticed some trees between the object we saw and our patio. So I waited until daylight this morning to see if it could have been street lamp light refracting off of a bunch of shiny leaves, but there are barely any leaves to obstruct the view apparently.  We never saw anything block the perspective of the object while it appeared and danced for approximately 15-20 seconds in total. After it disappeared, I came to my senses and opened my Camera app. I was surprised to see a Camera flash to our far right from across the street.  I was sure the neighbors saw the object too and were taking a photo, while forgetting to disable the camera flash.  When I looked over, I saw another 5000k temp flash in the gloss of the neighbors car, but no light hit the street or tree next to where the source would be.  Neighbors were asleep with all lights off an nobody was outside at all. No activity so far yet tonight.  But I will be ready for it next time.;42.5763;-71.9883
