The object fell, then streaked through the air at a 45 % angle with a blinding speed.;2005-03-19 19:45:00;2 minutes;The object fell, then streaked through the air at a 45 % angle with a blinding speed. I was arriving at work, prior to my 8PM shift. As I approached the building where I work, I noticed an object that looked as though it were hovering in the sky. At first it looked like how a planet might look if it were too close to the earth. Then I noticed it was kind of trianglular in shape with the edges rounded off. Also, it had a greenish-white glow to it. It seemed to get bigger and that made it look like it was getting closer. I thought to myself, Oh it must be a jet airplane approaching. In a minute I'll see taxi lights as it gets closer. My interest was lost right then. I turned my attention to a coworker who was walking accross the parking lot to enter the building through the front doors. Watching her, it was impossible for me not to see what the object was doing, because she was in between the object and me. Just before she reached the front door to go in. The object shot down from the sky at an incredible speed. I thought it was going to crash right into the ground, but right before it got to the treeline, it shot forth at 45 degree angle in the opposite direction and disapeared in the distance in the blink of an eye. The whole think happened so fast that I was completely taken by surprise. I remember that it was moving faster that any aircraft that I have ever seen in my life. It left green streaks accross the air as it fell then shot off. My coworker didn't even see it, because it wasn't directly above us. It was at a distance that would have put it over the freeway of where route 2 and route 140 meet (1/4 mile away) in Gardner. It was also a few hundred feet in the air. Another thing I noticed was that, during the whole incident, the object made absolutely no sound. This morning, I called the Gardner police and they said that no one had reported anything. I once was a flightline mechanic in the US Marine Corps. I've been around every type of aircraft that you could imagine. In the past I've taxied aircraft for many years, at night, but I've never seen anything like this.;42.5763;-71.9883
