Object in the night sky.;2004-10-29 23:45:00;Three minutes;Object in the night sky. The sighting took place at roughly 11:45 PM on Friday October 29 near the junction of 730 and what is locally known as Bobos crossing (I believe its county road 4668).  We had set up camp at a bend in the river maybe ¼ mile from the highway.  It had rained earlier that day and there were still a few clouds hanging around but you could clearly see stars. There were three of us there that night sitting around the campfire and there wasn’t any alcohol involved. Probably an hour before the incident took place we were all witness to a low flying helicopter with a spotlight surveying the area. That was not uncommon, a few years back there was a prison escape in the area and the convicts were on the run in our area so they were searching like this before as well. Of course we were not without firearms so we kind of got a little excited and readied ourselves. After about forty five minutes things kind of died down and we went back to the usual campfire conversation.  Ten or so minutes later a rumbling noise could be heard in the distance, well more appropriately described as that of a diesel in the distance (which would be fitting since we were near the highway). We no longer heard the rumbling sound but we did begin to hear a humming noise in the opposite direction. We started to look around because in that direction there was nothing but trees and open space for a good ¾ of a mile. You could make out the moon reflecting off a metallic object in the sky just above the tree line. Natural reaction was to grab the guns but as we did it was starting to move towards out position. As we sit gazing into the night sky the object positioned itself above our camp site maybe 100ft up and it paused for a brief moment and then proceeded to change directions and headed off towards the south at an alarmingly slow pace. The rest of the night we were all on high alert, sleeping would almost seem nearly impossible.  I was first to wake in the morning and it was a trying experience to say the least. Well, we decided it would be best if we packed our things and headed home. As we were driving towards the gate that would open the way to the road we noticed another helicopter flying over. I’m not real educated on military aircrafts but from what I’ve looked at online it appeared to be a CH-47 Chinook. I do see a lot of these in my area though I believe there is a place where they do training and whatnot with them near Newark. I am a bit skeptical about our sighting, being that there are a few air fields in the area plus were a hop skip and jump away from Carswell Air Force Base (or whatever it is called now).  Not much was said about the incident after that day, who would believe it?;33.0581;-97.5866
