Light was always in the same place and always last 2-3 seconds. Scariest thing was it went from the ground to the sky and was blue.;2016-01-09 22:00:00;3 hours;Light was always in the same place and always last 2-3 seconds.  Scariest thing was it went from the ground to the sky and was blue. I saw the first giant blue light that went from the ground to the sky. Looked like an atomic bomb, mushroom shaped.  After that every 20 min or so there were smaller beams of lights that would go from the ground to the sky and they light would only last 2-3 seconds.  My husband finally saw 2 of the 8. I have a picture of it, too.;42.0807;-88.517
2 glowing football field sized cigar shaped craft seen during sunset moving away from each other.;2018-01-05 16:50:00;3 minutes;2 glowing football field sized cigar shaped craft seen during sunset moving away from each other. I was facing south driving and Witnessed two elongated cigar shape craft that were self-illuminating near the middle of the sunset which was to my right (west).  One was hovering to the west going northwest direction lower to the ground moving horizontally slowly. The other was simultaneously moving in opposite direction faster.  Was identical size and also self-illuminating. No blinking lights on either looked like giant glow sticks but did not have a bright aura.  No wings, gear or trails. Just long glowing cigar like craft rounded off on each end.  The 2nd one was going south-east bound moving from the first one. It was moving faster and on an angle going upward away about 40 degrees.  The first one remained on a horizontal pattern moving north-west. I tried to find a place to pull over from the highway but various trees kept blocking and no room on side of the highway. I knew of a parking area at the next intersection so chose to drive there to pull over o! n rte 20 and IL-47.  I watched the 2nd one moving at the 40-degree angle start to speed off and then all of a sudden it moved so fast it was gone.  I could still see the first one moving northwest but it also started speeding up but slowly.  I turned onto the next street (rte 20) and then pulled over into a parking lot after the gas station.  As I got out of the car to take a photo now facing westbound towards the sunset and Rockford, IL there was nothing left in the sky except the sunset.  I scanned sky from north to west to south and back again. Nothing.  No streaks, no lights, no planes.  The distance and size of these things in the sunset is hard to estimate but one thing is for sure is they were huge.  Football field length or larger. The glowing self-illumination is what shocked me.  They were like a bright yellow-white light with pure white in center, no blinking, no radiance outward just self-contained.;42.0807;-88.517
