Triangle shape with red flashing light;2015-01-26 06:30:00;5-10 minutes;Triangle shape with red flashing light THIS IS THE GOOD COPY (SORRY FOR SENDING SO MANY REPORTS) I didn't realize it sent a few times... Ok I am writing you again because I keep seeing this thing in the sky on a regular basis..  This morning, as many mornings in the past.. at 6:30 am, I look outside my window and I see this huge object flying in the sky.  It was just soaring through the air..  It looks to be the size of a plane.  It has 3 lights on it, 2 yellow and 1 red blinking flashing light.  It's triangular in shape but its a sideways triangle... the red light is in the middle...   This morning it was flying through the sky, not making a noise, as it never does, while it was blinking its red light... then it stops...(in the same spot it always does) in the same direction as the window im looking out in, Its as if its almost looking at me... and it starts blinking its red light extremely fast.  I was frightened as I usually am so I move out of the window... then when I went back a couple minutes later it was gone.   My boyfriend has seen this object many times before with me...  A few days ago he saw it when he went ou!side to warm the car up at 630 am.    At first, I was trying to convince myself that it was a drone or that it was all in my head, but it's not,  Drones are about the size of a kite..  This thing was the size of a plane.   I know what I'm seeing and I'm not the only one.  I see this object too frequently and I would really like someone to look into this.   The other day, I also saw at the end of my street (across the street), a huge yellow light floating in the sky, it looked like it was a piece of the sun.  Again I didn't see this alone. I have a witness.  The very first time I seen this object it was at the end of my street and was very low to the ground as it hovered over our car and it was a huge craft, low to the ground.  It's always happening around the same time.. between 630 am and 7 am.  I've been seeing this thing since the end of October 2014.;46.1020390804597;-64.7900137931034
