Strange unidentifiable low rumble/humming sound from the sky;2014-05-07 05:45:00;10+ minutes;strange unidentifiable low rumble/humming sound from the sky I did not actually see a UFO or spacecraft on this date but I really feel like I heard one and coincidently I notice you posted other people had heard a boom on the same day (May 7th).  With nowhere really else to report what I experienced, I thought at least I could submit it to you. The morning of May 7th, around 5:45am atlantic time, I am slowly awaking from sleep for no apparent reason.  I am laying in bed listening to this overwhelming sound coming from outside, it's a steady low rumbling hum sound that does not change in tonality it remains constant.  This part is a bit ridiculous, but before I was fully awake and had all of my senses, I remember feeling this great sense of comfort and peace and warmth for no reason but I was attributing it to the sound, like the sound was making me feel relaxed and loved...becoming more awake, and noticing the sound didn't disappear or fade out, a thought popped into my head that's a spaceship....now fully awake, with the sound still as constant and loud, my boyfriend rises up from bed and says thats a spaceship!....at this point, I lost the feeling of love and warmth and actually started to become scared, this whole topic of ufos and aliens is frightening to me and I don't take it lightly....my boyfriend's acknowledgement of the sound brought the whole experience more into reality and I guess it made me feel scared.  I would not let my boyfriend go outside to investigate I was that scared....though he did look out the windows to the skies and saw nothing. No plane, no jet, no helicopter, no street sweepers or garbage trucks, though the sound was nothing like any of those.  The closest to it I guess would be a rocket or a jet but it would mean it would have to be hovering over our apartment building for 10 mins and not passing over.  The sound was very present, like it was right above us, and very constant.   After about ten minutes of pacing and peeping out windows it went away slowly....then came back three minutes later and stayed another three minutes then passed. I reported the incident to my municipality's Facebook page, and then another local news Facebook page. Surprisingly, my post received 80 comments before the admins deleted it (without explanation), and at least a dozen other people had replied that they heard it too, some were outside looking for its source and saw nothing in the skies.  One was as far away from me as Quebec, but she heard it and described it the same as me.  Others were within the tri-city area and another about 60 km away. For what its worth, I grew up 15 mins drive from loring airforce base in Maine, and I am well aware of normal sounds of jet engines flying low over or engines revving up or idling.  I have had people suggest to me maybe it was a street sweeper and in desperation for an answer I checked the block around me that morning and nothing had been swept.  And that still wouldn't explain the woman in Quebec. In case this matters, I have studied UFOs and aliens a bit, the topic has always interested me and I have in the past seen things I can't explain.  I'm also aware that UFOs are almost always silent and rarely reported to have a noise.  This could have been military somehow, I don't doubt thats possible, but my initial intuition and feeling was it was an extraterrestrial spacecraft hovering over my apartment building.;46.1020390804597;-64.7900137931034
