we saw a round bright light in the sky, it had no flashing lights. it did not seem to move very fast.  after a few min we saw the brigh;1998-04-12 00:30:00;5 min;we saw a round bright light in the sky, it had no flashing lights. it did not seem to move very fast.  after a few min we saw the bright light drop two round red things underneath it. after this the object started moving. we lost sight of it. After a movie on easter sunday, my girlfriend and i saw a light on the drive home. this light had no blinking lights which is why it caught my attention. i think the time was between 12 and 1 am.  we pulled over and observed the light for a little bit.  we could tell that it was moving but not very fast.  we were in yucaipa and we figured it could have been over redlands, highland or san bernadino which are pretty big cities in california, so i figured someone else had to have seen it.  the object seemed to stop and just sit there.  after this i seen one red ball drop from this object.  when i saw this i turned to my girl and asked if she just saw that and she said she saw another red ball drop when i turned, so it drop two red balls.  the red balls did not appear directly underneath the light, there was a gap between the object by the time we seen the red balls.  the balls were only visible for only a second or two and then disappeared.  after this happened the object started moving and we lost it because it went below the hill line.  we drove to a higher position to chase it but by time we got to the hill it had disappered.  we couldnt tell what direction it went because we lost it so quick.  i wanted to report this to the newspaper that next day but i figured that they wouldnt take me seriously, just as my friends did.  after i saw a report on the news last night i knew i could report it here and be taken seriously.  i had no video or photos of the incident but i know that what i seen was definitly not a satellite, star, heicopter, or an airplane as i know them.;34.0282000000001;-117.0372
Orbital lights, bright, flashing or stationary;2003-11-18 18:30:00;20 sec;Orbital lights, bright, flashing or stationary Orbital lights, bright, flashing, or stationary: 2-15 seen every night over Southern Calif. This has been on going since at least Jan 03. Some of these orbital objects fly over, becoming an extremely bright (mag -2 to -4) bluish-white color for about 10-20 sec. They are  seen 1/2 to 2 hours after sunset.There is a pattern in that they light up in the same latitude (34 deg +/- 1deg), which is the same line that approximately connects Los Angeles and Phoenix. The longitude is ( 117 deg +/- 1deg ), coincidently is the same as Spokane where very similar ongoing phoenomena is observed. Interestingly, Yermo, CA,  where a recent landing was reported (Oct 03), falls on that same line. About half of these objects pass over,usually off white or yellow, brighten up at a certain point for 10-20 seconds then  go back to normal and continue on. The other half brighten up and simply terminate or end in a spiral reentryof some sort. Ninety percent of this type of object eminate from the south and are on a northerly path. A few fly N-S or W-E. Even fewer go E-W. They are up around 250 miles. (height determined from crude angular measurement then calculated. This method checks well with the ISS). The S-N objects are the most colorful, N-S and E-W usually just pass on by. A third of the W-E will display an event. As many as 4 objects have been observed flying in a parallel formation with no other events seen. Formation flying is at about 350 miles high and tend to go the southeast. Other on going observations include stationary strobing lights (1to 4 strobes). Some of the single strobe lights will cast a shadow. Also seen are plasma balls that stair-step down similar to those seen in Deming NM (11/5/02). Some satellites/objects display anomalies in their trails , some almost like morse code pattern.Others display small short bursts of light embedded the trail.On a few ocassions, some objects intersect with one another.Most of these events are very fast and were captured by photograph. Well there you have it. I hope this is a useful piece of the puzzle. I am a Physics/ Astronomy  lab instructor/technician with a small college in southern Calif. I have been observing and photographing the sky for 30 years or longer. I have never seen the sky this full of  things in the past. Thanks for this opportunity to make a report. ((NUFORC Note:  We presume the date of the alleged sighting was in the year 2003.  We have altered the date above to 2003.  PD));34.0282000000001;-117.0372
Light in Eastern Sky, emitting other lights, turning from single to three light pattern;2005-10-23 21:30:00;7 minutes;Light in Eastern Sky, emitting other lights, turning from single to three light pattern Light was viewed for approx. 7 minutes  I caught a little over 3 minutes on video.  The light was an orangish color in eastern sky, due south from Mars which was visible in the sky that night as well.  I estimate the object to be somewhere over the Cherry Valley/Beaumont area.  Light was at first a single, clearly visable light and was easily seen with the naked eye and seemed to be hoovering in one general area with some slight but quick movements. Small flashes of light appeared to drop from underneath the object, appear brilliantly and then fade out (not a flare).  After a few of these lights were seen the single light turned into three lights, possibly four, but the three lights formed what could be described as a triangle shape (clearly seen on the video in still frame).  We counted 6 of these objects being dropped on video before it disappeared.  In reviewing the video there appears to be some form of movement above the light which I thought could make it a helicopter (not sure why a helicopter would be dropping something over a populated area though)?  Side note: I and my family (wife and two sons have witnessed this same type of light on 6 seperate occasions beginning last May.  I have two seperate videos of this object, (although one is very short and doesn't show much detail as it was a cloudy night) in roughly the same area.  The other times that we have seen it we have not had our camcorder to record.  I am keeping a vigulant eye to the East in hopes of catching more footage.  If anyone else in the Yucaipa, Calimesa, Cherry Valley, Beaumont, Banning or Cabazon area has seen these lights, please leave desciption of your encounter.;34.0282000000001;-117.0372
Amber/orange light sighting;2005-10-23 21:30:00;7 min;Amber/orange light sighting Reference similar sighting same time/day:   Looking south, I sighted orange/amber light moving west to east approximately 30 degrees up from the horizon.   I believe these are hoaxed. They move at about the same speed as the wind, I believe they are plastic bags with candles illuminating and providing the hot air for lift.  The redish/amber particles often seen falling (and leaving a slight trail) near the end of the sighting are the burning remains of the candles.  They seem to eminate from East Redlands or West Yucaipa (west of 15th street in Yucaipa).  They are usually seen about 19:30-20:00 hrs.;34.0282000000001;-117.0372
What appeared at first to be a pale yellow star, abruptly moved sideways and stopped  over an oncoming jet airliner.;2011-07-23 21:00:00;45 min;what appeared at first to be a pale yellow star, abruptly moved sideways and stopped  over an oncoming jet airliner. At 9 pm, I took my puppy out. While waiting for her I was scanning the sky, as the meteor shower is due to begin in the next few weeks. I noticed a pale yellow star as it suddenly moved sideways and stopped.  A few seconds went by and a jet plane came in from the east rather low in preparation of landing at the Ontario or L A airport.   The object was over the plane and after the plane had passed under it, it suddenly moved sideways back to where I had first observed it.  I started to go inside and get my friend to show him, but thought he would just say I was seeing things.   The object repeated the action two more times exactly when a jet plane was approaching from the east.   I finally decided to have him look at it and see what he thought.  He saw it do the same thing and went into the front yard to watch it.  He agreed it was strange and thought I should report it.   I checked on the object about 15 min. later and it was gone.;34.0282000000001;-117.0372
Hovering red light dropping white objects;2011-12-11 00:00:00;90 sec;Hovering red light dropping white objects My wife and I were relaxing on our Patio (which faces south east) when my wife had pointed out what appeared to be several white lights falling from the sky (Very bright, and appeared to have pieces coming off of it).  Hovering above the white lights was a faint pulsating red light.  The white lights were visible for about 20 to 30 seconds before disappearing. The red light continued to hover in the same location for about another minute before starting to move slowly toward the east before disappearing from view. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness, and he sounded to us to be exceptionally eloquent and objective in describing his sighting.  Witness, however, does not indicate the time of his sighting.  PD));34.0282000000001;-117.0372
