Driving at night on a country road.  Thought I saw a falling star.  Then it stopped, hovered, and then sped forward at an extreme speed;1991-09-20 21:00:00;Seconds;Driving at night on a country road.  Thought I saw a falling star.  Then it stopped, hovered, and then sped forward at an extreme speed I was a Middle School Counselor at the time this happened.  I was working at the Geneva Middle School and was required to take an evening Child Abuse Course in Penn Yan, NY.  It was a long time ago, but I think it was in 1991. It was dark out and I was driving home to Canandaigua, NY on a lonely country road.   There were few cars on the road.   I noticed a bright light up in the sky up to my right over a farm field.  It was falling and I thought it was a falling star so I watched it.  Soon, however, it stopped falling and hovered in one place and the shot forward at an astonishing speed….faster than an airplane.  I was shocked at what I saw.  I started to feel very alone on that country road and got scared because I couldn’t explain what I had seen.  The only explanation I could come up with was a UFO.  I started to think….”Oh my God, what if I’m abducted, I’m all alone out here in the middle of nowhere”.  To my relief, I made it home without incident.  When I got home, I told my husband, who is an attorney, what I had seen.  I asked if he thought I should call the police to report the incident in case others might have seen this phenomenon and reported it as well.  But, I felt uncomfortable making a report like that and using my name, as both my husband and I are professionals in a small community.  I know that isn’t a good excuse, but I just let it go.  Then recently with the government investigating UAP, I remembered my sighting all those years ago and decided I should at least report it so it is on record.  I have never spoken to anyone who has seen anything like that and wonder if you have gotten any similar reports.  It certainly was other worldly.;42.6653999999999;-77.0620999999998
We saw four floating, glowing lights in the early evening sky for about two minutes, beneath the clouds, making no sound, and they disa;2012-07-07 21:15:00;2 minutes;We saw four floating, glowing lights in the early evening sky for about two minutes, beneath the clouds, making no sound, and they disa On July 7th, between 9:15-9:30 PM we (my partner and I)  were driving on Friend road, just past Italy-Friend Rd, heading south, but the sighting occured when the road curved and was heading east, about 5 miles north of Branchport, NY.  We saw 4 lights in the sky.  There was a distinct cloud cover in the area, and these glowing lights were all visible beneath the clouds.  We slowed our car down and heard the beep of a tractor in a field, later I went back to meet that farmer and he was beeping at us to see the lights.  We talked about it and confirmed that it was like nothing that we had ever seen before. When we noticed the lights  I slowed the car down, head kind of out the window, and finally pulled over and stopped and got out of the car.  My partner watched from inside the car.  I could hear no sounds coming from those lights, only the small din of the tractor in the field we had just passed.  He later told me he had turned his tractor off and could hear nothing as well.  We saw 4 lights. One was blocked from view by trees by the time we pulled our car over.  It was difficult to tell about their movement.  They more or less were hovering, and moved a little and disappeared.  We assumed they went above the clouds but who knows.  When we did see the lights, they appeared bigger than airplane lights would in the sky, I would say they glowed, no flashing.  Their color was kind of a red-orange.  They immediately caught my attention as being a sight I had had never seen in the evening sky, and they were below the clouds.  When the three that we could finally see disappeared, th! ey did not disappear over the horizon, rather it appeared that they went into the clouds. I then went back to the farmer and he was putting his tractor away as it was pretty dark by now, not completely.  He was a Mennonite farmer.  He had been beeping at us to see the lights and we talked about it.  He said he had noticed them about the same time as we drove by.  I would guess that from the time we saw them to the time they disappeared that about two minutes went by.  He mentioned a diamond formation.  It appeared to us that the 4th was a little removed from the other three and then that was blocked from view as I stated earlier.;42.6653999999999;-77.0620999999998
