One thousand saucers observed telescopically crossing the sun over a ninety minute period.;1971-07-10 14:00:00;90 minutes;One thousand saucers observed telescopically crossing the sun over a ninety minute period. My sister, cousin, mother and I all were witness to an event where over one-thousand UFOs crossed the sun one bright summer day in New Orleans, Louisiana. (They were viewed telescopically as they crossed the sun’s disk (details below).  The day was a usual clear blue sky scorcher, and being an avid amateur astronomer, I spent much of the day and night just looking around the sky and keeping notes. It was 1971 and I was 13 years old.  The summer was typically boring, and so I tried out my 2.5 inch refractor telescope given to me by my parents a couple of years earlier on sunspot observations once again, I borrowed a chair from my mother’s kitchen, and placed a leftover poster board (they were only white in those days) on the chair to accept the image from the telescope eyepiece. This way everyone could enjoy the huge image of the broiling sun at the same time as me and I could leisurely sit in the chair I had taken from my desk to make notes and sketch sunspots. This was the umpteenth time I had done this and so I was the only one watching when the event started, interest from the rest of my family having waned over the last many times I had performed this type of observation.  After several hours of watching and sketching that June day in 1971, I noticed a small black dot cross from right to left across the sun’s disk. Being experienced at seeing planes, birds, and insects fly by I was initially puzzled by this rather non-descript and slowly moving object. It took about 5 seconds to cross and was about 1/40 of the sun’s apparent diameter on the poster board. This made the object about a half inch in length. My curiosity increased when a second object began crossing from the right just before the first one exited on the left side of the sun’s disk. I immediately refocused the refractor to get the crossing object better focused, as it had a well defined gray annulus around the black center. Interestingly, the focus for the sun (essentially infinity) was the correct focus for the object! Before the second object exited the sun’s disk to my left (after crossing about 4/5 of the sun’s diameter), a third object entered from the right. Each of these objects were identical they consisted of a black (matching the center of sunspots, essentially) lozenge shaped center, surrounded by a uniform thickness, very sharply defined gray annular ring. The lozenge length to width was about 3 to one, and the annular gray ring was slightly less than half the thickest (center) part of the black shadow. (In reviewing the sighting afterwards, I took a dish from my mother's cabinet and found that if one held the dish so that it was about 30 degrees from edge on, the projected shape roughly matched the objects I had sighted.)  The three objects all exhibited the same shimmering that the sun’s disk and sunspots exhibited, indicating they were far enough up in the air (or out in space?) to be affected by the atmosphere in the same way stars twinkle. I was watching in the afternoon and so my refractor was angled about 45 degrees above horizontal to start with, and about an hour and a half later (after the last object had crossed), it was less than 30 degrees. After another half dozen or so had crossed the face of the sun and cast their shadows on my poster board, I had enough data to enable me to leave the scene and gather my family as witnesses. My cousin and sister were playing outside at the time (they were about three years and two years younger than me, respectively), and so I brought them to the telescope to see what was happening. Being only 10 and 11 years old, their interest waned after just three crossings, since the scenario remained identical just prior to one object leaving the  disk to our left, another entered from our right, over and over. After less than a half minute, they went back to whatever they were doing before I coaxed them into watching “that boring stuff Herbie does”. I yelled for my mom to come see we lived in one of those duplex shotgun houses in New Orleans they were called shotgun houses because you could fire a weapon from the front room and it would go all the way through to the one bathroom at the rear without hitting any wall but going through the open doors of each of the four rooms (after the front room, the parent’s bedroom, then the children’s bedroom, then the living room, then the kitchen). It was easy to yell for her even though she was all the way back in the kitchen. Her reply was typical of when I asked her to come see something – whether through my microscope or telescope a delaying action born of many observations of relatively boring (to her) objects. She said she was busy and would be there soon.  I asked her to bring the camera (a box black and white) so I could photograph the sun’s disk and these crossing objects, and again she said she’d be there soon. After about an hour I had to relieve myself (one does drink fluids in New Orleans on a hot summer day!) and so I asked my sister to take over and watch if anything changes. I took the opportunity to implore my mother to come see again and after I returned to the refractor and the objects passing (my sister had already abandoned her post to go play again) she showed up without the camera, saying it had no film. She watched for about 30 seconds and then went back to the kitchen, apparently as uninterested in the whole thing as my sister and cousin it didn’t affect anything that day (or even for the conceivable future), and so I alone was left to the task of watching what I could only assume were alien visitors from space moving from one place to another in single file in their flying saucers.  About 90 minutes after the procession started, it ended. Not as abruptly as it started, however. At first near the end there was no follower to the object exiting to the left side of the sun’s disk where it should have been, but then another would show up timed as if there had been the missing object, and followed appropriately by the next object entering from the right as the prior object exited to the left. This occurred several times before no more objects entered or exited the sun’s image.  Altogether I estimated 1,080 (that’s one-thousand and eighty, give or take) had passed between my 2.5 inch objective refractor telescope with Barlow lens and the sun. Near what was to be the middle of the event, or about 45 minutes into the procession - the density of crossing increased several times. At one point there were five objects on screen at the same time. A single object entered from the right, as usual when the prior object was nearing its exit to the left, when a pair of objects entered shortly after. The top object in this pair was in line with the boring procession as it had unfolded for the last three quarters of an hour, but the companion was below and to the rear, offset about half the length of one of these objects and down about the width in close proximity. When the single object had reached the spot where another object entered opposite it on the sun’s face, another object did enter, and was followed almost immediately by another (fifth) object. This train of discs continued across, followed by four in line objects, and then the pattern returned to normal, with only two objects on the sun's face at any one time (until the end of the event, of course).  Also during what was to be the middle of the event, I tried to detect the objects before and after they crossed the sun proper, by moving my telescope just off to either side of the sun and looking directly out into the clear blue sky. I saw nothing through the refractor (neither directly or cast on the poster board), nor did I see anything with the naked eye as I shielded my vision with my hand from direct sunlight.  Were they ours or theirs? Earth made or made somewhere else? I don’t know. However, subsequent to this observation, I read in a Charles Fort book that a Mexican astronomer by the name of Bonilla had witnessed a similar train of shadows in 1883. More recently, I have found several other astronomical sightings through the internet that resemble my 1971 event (though with far fewer numbers) and I have done some back of the envelope calculations using elementary trigonometry that shows the objects would have been about 100 feet in diameter if exo-atmospheric. Additionally, the difference in girth from a thin plate held at an angle and the thicker, lozenge shape of these objects I found could be explained if they had some thickness to them.  There are other analyses and minor observations related to this event, but these are best left for a later time, as this e-mail has gotten way too big already!  If anyone else has heard of or seen such things, I would appreciate feedback. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));29.9672233791748;-90.0808817288803
My story is short but True .  This sighting occurred while fishing in the Mississippi river , in the spring of 1983 , probably April.;1983-04-15 13:30:00;2-3 seconds;My story is short but True .  This sighting occurred while fishing in the Mississippi river , in the spring of 1983 , probably April, between one and two o’clock in the afternoon .  It was a crystal clear blue sky , with not even a wisp of a cloud anywhere.  We were fishing from a floating dock , where river pilots , shipping agents and river workers catch their water taxis to the ships.  My fishing buddy and I were using heavy tackle and we caught three large catfish that day.  I was on the westbank of the river facing east , and after casting, put my pole down , sat next to it , with my legs over the side , and leaned back on my elbows , looking above the horizon .   Shortly thereafter , I witnessed an oval , light grey object  - coming from Out of the blue sky , on my left (N) at incredible speed and bolt across it , due south.   The length of sky it traversed was approximately one and a half to two feet of space between outstretched arms. ! It was probably 45 degrees above the horizon or a little higher .  Then it disappeared - Into the blue sky , in a split second.   The total time of the sighting was no more than 2 or 3 seconds max - no wings , no blinking lights , no sound , no sonic boom , no contrails.  It had absolutely no resistance from the atmosphere whatsoever !  I immediately turned to my fishing buddy and asked, “Did you see That ?” , and he said, “ See What ?” – well that figures .   My location was several miles south of New Orleans.  It was very high in the sky , 25,000 feet or higher ? ,  and about the size of a BB or smaller,  at arms length , but clear as day against the blue sky.  It didn’t stop and ask directions, it was in a big hurry.   I felt lucky to see it , even though it felt like I saw something I wasn’t supposed to see.   It was either a black budget toy that could fly 10 times faster than a jetliner , in 1983 , without wings and that nagging - friction from the atmosphere problem , or ‘something even more interesting’.  This was 27! years a go but I’ll never forget those 2 or 3 seconds for the rest of my life – been looking into the whole matter since then , with negative results as to the whole Truth , but quite satisfied with a bias.  Maybe the Truth is too much for us right now ...     - Anonymous ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));29.9672233791748;-90.0808817288803
Time: around 19:30pm  Location: New Orleans,LA (near Mississippi River).;2002-07-29 19:30:00;3-5 min;Time: around 19:30pm  Location: New Orleans,LA (near Mississippi River). When I was getting home and getting off the car, I saw a silver oval shape object (it is hard to describe, but I will said is was like a computer mouse shape). The sky was clear and still with some daylight, so what got my attention was that the object was not moving and did not looked like a plane. I also noticed that some birds started flying toward the direction of the object (but the object was pretty far from them) and when I took a minute to watch something else, the subject was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  Date error we presume witness means a date of July 29, not September 29.  We have amended the date here.  PD));29.9672233791748;-90.0808817288803
UFO Gulf Of Mexico 80 miles southeast of New Orleans.  ((NUFORC Note:  Report from ship's officer.  PD));2017-03-21 19:00:00;40 seconds;UFO Gulf Of Mexico 80 miles southeast of New Orleans I am a Chief Engineer on an Offshore Supply Vessel, and the events I am going to put forward are accurate, to the best of my knowledge. Close to 7:00 pm on March 21st, just before dusk, myself and 4 of the crew members aboard our vessel saw a craft that appeared to be five times our 240 ft vessel in length.  My line of sight was about 1/4 mile from our vessel.  There was a rig behind the craft about a 1/2 mile.  I used this to help gauge size of craft.  Sighting was approximately 80 miles SE of New Orleans, Louisiana. 	The scene lasted about 40 seconds.  The craft rose up out of the water (Gulf of Mexico) about 40 feet, no water was dripping from the craft.  Within a split second the craft disappeared at a 30 degree angle into the sky.  Speed appeared to faster than speed of a light turning on in a room.  Within seconds it had disappeared completely. I can say for sure that the craft was dark colored, oval in shape and made no sound whatsoever. With as many rigs (2), there has to be more witnesses than just the four on our vessel. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he seemed to us to be unusually sober-minded.  We suspect that he is a very capable, and very reliable, witness.  He estimates that upwards of perhaps 50 people, who were aboard nearby vessels, may have witnessed the event, as well.  We would urge those other witnesses to submit reports of what they had witnessed.  PD));29.9672233791748;-90.0808817288803
