Small mettalic spheres chasing each other;2001-09-13 17:00:00;3-5 minutes;Small mettalic spheres chasing each other I was working at One Shell Square in downtown New Orleans at the time and there is limited parking in the building and there is a suttle that takes you from the building to the Superdome parking.  I was waiting for the bus when this occured.   This was two days after 9/11 and there was a no-fly zone over the entire country.  I was looking up thinking that this may be the only time in my life that I might see the sky with no aircraft in it at all.  I noticed a metallic looking sphere(ish) object sort of darting around very high up.  It was so small that I could barely see it.  It was moving about in sort of a random pattern much likr a bird might, not taking up too much of the sky in its movements.   Then I saw another and another until there were maybe 5-7 up there.  They appeared to be maybe chasing each other.  It really could have been birds by their movements but I couldn't see any wings and they were so small that, if they were birds, they would have been very high.  And, if they were birds and very far away (to appear so small) then they would have been moving really fast.   A man that I did not know was next to me and noticed me looking up.  He saw it also.  The bus came and after I got out I could not see them again.  I'm not sure if I believe in UFO's or not and this sighting is not very exact or detailed, but I wanted to get it out there.   I found your web site after I watched the Peter Jennings show.;29.9672233791748;-90.0808817288803
I saw a small white sphere cross the sky in  a straight line;2002-03-01 17:00:00;<1 minute;I saw a small white sphere cross the sky in  a straight line I can't say this is the most interesting UFO sighting in history, but I still can't identify the little fella, so here it is: My friend and I were walking down Maple Street in New Orleans one overcast afternoon (it was more than a year ago and I can't remember the month at all, really). I looked up, probably to check for rain, and saw a white-looking sphere gliding overhead. I thought it was a balloon, or given the nasty weather, a weather balloon, but it was hard to get any sense of distance or scale the sky was perfectly gray and overcast, and there was no noise. I called my friend's attention to it, and we may have asked a passer by for an opinion (I don't remember). Anyway, although I initially maintained it was a balloon, it flew in a perfectly straight line at a constant speed, all the way across the sky, which I wouldn't expect from something traveling on air currents. I'm an engineer with lots of fluid dynamics experience, and I've seen balloons get carried away in wind. If this sphere was entrained in an air current... well, I haven't seen anything like it. Eventually it disappeared over the horizon not knowing how high it was, I can't estimate the speed, but it must have been fairly quick.  Sadly, there's no abduction to report. If my friend and I were late to where we were going, it was our own fault, as usual. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));29.9672233791748;-90.0808817288803
Silver sphere with wings appeared, disappeared, reappeared, did 90 degree turn, then disappeared.;2003-05-08 18:15:00;8 seconds;Silver sphere with wings appeared, disappeared, reappeared, did 90 degree turn, then disappeared. One silver sphere suddenly appeared, disappeared, reappeared, did a 90 degree turn, then disappeared.It was silent, and was straight up in the sky. When it did the turn we saw two wing-like appendages at the bottom.;29.9672233791748;-90.0808817288803
They were flying in a tight  fomation like fighter jets do, but they were no fighter jets.;2004-01-28 12:30:00;less then 30 seconds;They were flying in a tight  fomation like fighter jets do, but they were no fighter jets. Well I was out side looking up at the roofer on the roof who was cutting a hole in the roof for my Vent pipe to come through for my HVAC system I was installing, when what I thought at 1st to be 2 ballons flying over head. After taking a better look I relized these were no ballons. They were flying together in a tight fomation like figther jets do, and moving very fast in a straight line. These objects where moving from west to east along the Mississippi River. The 2 objects where silver or could have been white in color and were round inshape, they were about 1200 feet off the ground and were making no sound at all. The sky was clear in the area I saw these objects, another thing I noticed that there were a lot of Jets in the sky on this day, some very high and some kinda low but more jets then usual. I can say this much, these things were like nothing I have ever seen before. After seeing these ojects I noticed they made me somewhat confussed and even a little frighten, really hard to explain the feeling that came over me after seeing them. I hear people on the TV say they see things in the sky and often I wonder if they are telling the truth. Well here I am one of those people and I do belive them now. I am a 44 year old healthy male with a wife and 3 kids, I am also a small Air Conditioning Contractor, and after today I really do look at UFO's sightings in a different way. I will be looking up in the skys more often now for sure. All this took place in the day time right about 12:30 pm in New Orleans La.;29.9672233791748;-90.0808817288803
I saw several high speed sphere shaped objects with purposeful erratic turning ability , with night vision goggles;2005-09-02 02:00:00;2+ hours;I saw several high speed sphere shaped objects with purposeful erratic turning ability , with night vision goggles In the early morning hours of the 3rd or 4th of September immediately after hurricane Katrina. I was volunteering my time at the 4th district Police Station in New Orleans. I  was a Paramedic for about 25 years and was CEO of a large EMS until 2004 when I sold the company and was in retirement.  The sky was full of stars, there was no power for close to a hundred miles in all directions, everything was pitch black in the City and, the sky was bright. This was the first night any of the military showed up and we started getting additional manpower from ICE and many Police Departments from all over.  I was waiting on the commander,I usually road with him and the Leiutenant. We had two military guys that were there when I arrived. One of them was playing with a Pit Bull puppy that was hanging around the station. He had two night vision goggles with the single scope.  I asked if I could try them out and he told me to knock myself out. I looked around a few minutes then turned to the sky. Ihave never seen so many stars in my life the sky was glowing and I was in awe. I was looking to the west nw when I saw what appeared to be a really bright shooting star very high crossing to east se. It crossed the sky within a second or so and it was well east of us when it stopped, made a purposeful movement like a semi circle then shot directly south and disappeared. I was freaking out and couldn't believe what I saw. It was about the size of a pea with a tiny haze around it when it made the turn it seemed to have a slight distortion in the haze.Almost like a tiny tail. I kept looking in astonishment and I kept seeing them all over the sky. I pulled the night goggles off and I couldnot see them at all. I got to thinking they could be  birds or bugs or maybe a bats. I went near a light run by the generator and with ina few minutes ruled that out. I kept looking in fascination I saw other objects that flew straight over with an angelic glow or or aura, but these looked like they were orbiting. They traveled straight and lower in the sky at a fixed altitude.This I felt confident was a satellite. The UFO's were completely different,They moved much faster had purposeful movement and made very erratic turns not capable with any aircraft I know of. A captain from a sherrifs in Iowa was sitting with me and saw them as well, we were taking turns with one pair and he was as amazedas me. About 3 or 4 am some clouds moved in partially blocking the sky.I was looking up and saw one coming from the west when it made sharp turn came directly over them staion  under the clouds, it was huge and fast, it covered my whole feild of vision in the goggles.It moved so fast it was like a blast of light moving over, no wind,no sound.  I tried throughout the night to film it with the google over my camera but it didn,t  work. The cloud cover got thicker and I didn't see them after that. I am convinced that ! you can probably see these on clear nights with good night vision goggles. I saw too many of them for it to be afluke and I would be interested to know if any one else reports similar experiences.I saw at least fifty of them over a three hour period. I have never seen a UFO before this and I really don't believe that aliens could reach us if they do exist, but I saw what i saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));29.9672233791748;-90.0808817288803
Three dull orange spheres flying silently in succession.;2013-12-24 22:15:00;3 minutes;Three dull orange spheres flying silently in succession. I was looking up in the night sky with my binoculars at Jupiter and then the constellation of Orion when I noticed three orange spherical objects coming from the east.  First I assumed that they were airliners or local aircraft, but when I saw that they were flying at the same altitude, at approximately a couple thousand feet, and in relatively close proximity to one another (maybe couple thousand feet apart) and one right behind the other, I didn't think it was airliners. when there are multiple airliners flying at one time, they are required to maintain a certain distance apart, vertically and horizontally.  These craft were flying one right behind another and all at the same height.  There were no navigation or strobe lights typical with any type of airplanes, nor was there any sound associated with the craft (they were absolutely silent) neither jet nor props.  The craft weren't moving fast, so I was able to view them with my binoculars and I didn't see any! detail in the craft except a dull orange color.  The craft, still in the same linear formation, made a relatively sharp curve to the south and rapidly faded from view.  These were neither meteors, ballons, fireworks,birds, nor satellites as the craft's movements did not correspond to any type of those objects.;29.9672233791748;-90.0808817288803
