Connecticut Siting - Daylight - 2 Silver and Black Saucers - Separated but moving as if they were one.;1972-07-12 12:15:00;15 minutes;Connecticut Siting - Daylight - 2 Silver and Black Saucers - Separated but moving as if they were one. At the time of this siting, I had just quit my job at a small anodizing factory. At Noon I punched out my time card and just walked out. I walked East for approximately one quarter mile. This area was a commercial area of the town. High traffic area. The sky was absolutely clear and not a cloud to be seen. I noticed a flash approximately 150 to 200 feet in altitude. My first thought was that this was simply a plane and I glanced up. I saw two saucer shaped objects. They were about 50 feet apart from each other. The objects were silver colored on the top half and black on the bottom. The saucers had no lights, no windows, emmited no sounds, and were seamless. As I watched for a few minutes, the objects were hovering and moving in unison. It was as if they were acting as one, maneuvering in exactly the same way. I estimate the diameter of each object to be perhaps 50 feet or so. As I watched I was under the impression that I was also being observed. It was lunch time and this being a high traffic area, I was amazed that no vehicles were seeing this event, so I tried to stop traffic as I pointed up to the two saucers. during this time the objects were ascending and descending slowly as they moved from side to side, circling. They had a slight wobble and were not spinning. I decided to try desparate measures to get someone else to see this, so I was about to step out into the oncoming traffic, and at that moment I watched the objects take to space at a tremendous speed. Since I had no other witnesses I have never made this public until now. I have had other sitings but never quite the same as this in broad daylight. ((NUFORC Note:  Very nice illustrations of two saucer shaped objects accompanied report.  PD));41.6047;-72.8813
Floating thing;1999-03-30 21:00:00;2 min;Floating thing Came from off campus class with classmate.  Was dropping him off when I said look at that.  We looked at each other like, do you see that?.  It was night time so I stepped out of my car so there was no obstruction, not even the window.  This saucer shaped thing was hovering slowly and moving slightly side to side for about two minutes.  It was a dull shine, not like the stars or the moon.  I looked much bigger than a star and was also closer than stars.  Went to tell someone else and of course it was gone.  I told the security gaurd we saw something weird.  He said that thing in the sky, I know, I saw it too.  Very strange, just glad I wasn't the only one to see it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.6047;-72.8813
Took several pictures of the moon and noticed and noticed the object during a later review of the pictures.  ((Possibly an insect? PD));2020-05-30 17:15:00;Picture;Took several pictures of the moon and noticed and noticed the object during a later review of the pictures.;41.6047;-72.8813
