A fireball-like object twice the size of a star appeared and moved north with great speed, followed by a flash of light.;2007-05-15 23:40:00;< 15 seconds;A fireball-like object twice the size of a star appeared and moved north with great speed, followed by a flash of light. At the specified time, looking into the partially clouded sky to the north, and object about two to three times the size of a normal star appeared. Red in color, with a purplish haze encompassing it, it appeared almost on fire and streaked with remarkable speed to the north. There was no noise, however moments later a flash from the north could be seen reflected off the clouds.  The flash may have been a coincidental lightning flash - however, after remaining watching the north for some minutes, no other flashes occurred. It also could not have been a shooting star, as it was sighted with clouds behind it.  The observer, myself, is a 22 year old male with 20/20 vision, no history of mental illness, no physical illness, well-rested, not taking any medications, and not under the influence of any drug(s).;41.6047;-72.8813
After fireworks display, many people including ourselves saw very fast moving objects one after the other moving west to east.  Speed v;2007-06-30 22:30:00;15 min;After fireworks display, many people including ourselves saw very fast moving objects one after the other moving west to east.  Speed verified to be too fast for hot air balloons by retired Sikorsky Aircraft engineer.   This man was extremely bothered by the unexplained objects.  Yellow-orange flame like light however very large for something  moving so fast.  They were below cloud cover at first but one after the other they elevated above the clouds.  The whole episode lasted about ten or fifteen minutes. As soon as one disappeared into the clouds the next came to follow it in thesame flight pattern. No sound very, very eerie.;41.6047;-72.8813
(1)white-ish pink/(2)red-ish orange massive fireballs hovering over Southington, Ct.  Then darted across sky at a abnormal speed.;2014-12-29 19:45:00;1st. sighting @ approx.;(1)white-ish pink/(2)red-ish orange massive fireballs hovering over Southington, Ct.  then darted across sky at a abnormal rate of speed. On December 29, 2014, at approximately 19:42 hours, my dog had to go out, so I headed to my back yard.  As I stood along the fenceline of the yard, which runs parallel with I-84, I noticed a massive and extremely bright-lit reflection in my neighbors 2cd.  Story window.  It was so bright, that it illuminated the area around the window pane as well.   At this point, I looked up in an easterly direction to figure out what could create such a glow and that is when I saw a very bright and very large white in color fireball with a pink-ish white in color tail like shape appear to be fixed in the sky however, within seconds of noticing it hovering, it shot across the sky with such a high rate of speed it blew my mind.  It literally appeared as though it hovered for a second and then completely darted into oblivion, it literally disappeared.   Now my first thought was a shooting star or meteor however, it didnt fly away or in a downward motion like when stars die out. It lit! erally disappeared, like it shut its lights out.   I am a retired firefighter with respectful credibility who is a show me the evidence kind of guy, so I chalked it up to some weird shooting star.  Yes that's what I did, of course, that was until I went outside again for my break (I work 3rd. Shift) and what I saw blew my mind!   It was approximately 1:02 AM (now on 12/30/14) and I was standing up against my employer's building, which ironically is about 1 mile down the street from my home (north), when I witnessed 2 of the same shaped fireballs that I saw earlier in the night appear out of nowhere in the sky above my employer.  They were literally identical to the first sightings object, but this time they appeared different in color (again, the 1st. object was white/pink-ish in color).  They were a very bright red-ish orange in color (and again, this time there were 2).  They appeared completely out of nowhere as if someone turned on a light.  They were side-by-side and then within a few seconds of appearing (in which they were all so simply hovering), they completely darted again across the sky so fast that if I blinked I would have not seen them.   I have NEVER been a believer in UFO's nor the paranormal, but one thing is clear, certain and for sure, what I witnessed both times was NOT a shooting star, they were not regular aircrafts and nothing about them was normal by any means.  This time I called my wife, whom was in bed sleeping, to tell her because I simply could NOT wrap my mind around what I saw.   Now I am not an expert, I am not an astronomer nor anything else in the related field, but this my friends was NOTHING from earth nor was it the standard meteor-type incident. This was certainly paranomal!;41.6047;-72.8813
