UFO.  black triangle w/3 white lights on corners no strobe.#2Glassy oval gem w/ all colors purple gold mostly close;2013-07-17 01:53:00;17 minutes;ufo1.black triangle w/3 white lights on corners no strobe.#2Glassy oval gem w/ all colors purple gold mostly close My dog was insisting he had to go outside, since I love my dog and hate to mop I put him on his leash and stepped out with him. in an instant I noticed the stars looked strange overhead and east I saw three triangle shaped stars, suddenly they began to rotate and move east blotting out stars in their path.  I yelled out to the wife who was in bed when she didn't come I did a 360 about face and stunned stupid is how I describe my condition as I saw the most beautiful set of colors coming out of a house sized glassy and very flamboyant flying machine.  It was under intelligent control, went up like a skyrocket about 2000 ft. Then put on a high altitude show danced in the sky then returned to the ridge top and hovered. I ran and got my wife after she came out she said I finally got to see one a UFO we watched together for another 12 minutes through binoculars at only a mile away, phone wasn't good enough to take a picture , we tried but the c! olors this left will last in our minds until we leave this world. No strobe lights anywhere but every color of light was laminating from this sky diamond finally at 22:10 hrs.  I went to call a classmate from my cell as I hit the last digit she said where did it go? I felt sick. gone hello....  Do you see anything to the west?;36.1738;-82.0787
UFO1.black triangle w/3 white lights on corners no strobe.#2Glassy oval gem w/ all colors purple gold mostly close;2013-07-17 01:53:00;17 minutes;ufo1.black triangle w/3 white lights on corners no strobe.#2Glassy oval gem w/ all colors purple gold mostly close My dog was insisting he had to go outside, since I love my dog and hate to mop I put him on his leash and stepped out with him. in an instant I noticed the stars looked strange overhead and east I saw three triangle shaped stars, suddenly they began to rotate and move east blotting out stars in their path.  I yelled out to the wife who was in bed when she didn't come I did a 360 about face and stunned stupid is how I describe my condition as I saw the most beautiful set of colors coming out of a house sized glassy and very flamboyant flying machine. It was under intelligent control, went up like a skyrocket about 2000 ft.  Then put on a high altitude show danced in the sky then returned to the ridge top and hovered.   I ran and got my wife after she came out she said I finally got to see one a UFO we watched together for another 12 minutes through binoculars at only a mile away, phone wasn't good enough to take a picture, we tried but the c! olors this left will last in our minds until we leave this world.  No strobe lights anywhere but every color of light was laminating from this sky diamond finally at 22:10 hrs.  I went to call a classmate from my cell as I hit the last digit she said where did it go? I felt sick. gone hello....  Do you see anything to the west?;36.1738;-82.0787
