We were walking across parking lot to restaurant and paused to take pics of full moon...1st pic a selfie, no craft....10ft further stop;2016-12-13 18:30:00;1 minute;We were walking across parking lot to restaurant and paused to take pics of full moon...1st pic a selfie, no craft....10ft further stopped for another pic of moon only and THERE it was....moving slow no noise....appeared to have 3 white lights...when examining photo larger it is 3 sets of double lights.;30.0822;-81.5497999999998
Observed Silent Boomerang Craft Fly Across The Night Sky;2019-11-09 21:00:00;5-7 seconds;Observed Silent Boomerang Craft Fly Across The Night Sky At approximately 9pm EST, while standing facing west towards a lake, I noticed out of the peripheral vision of my right eye what I thought were a group of birds, seagulls or pelicans, flying in a “V” formation heading south. They were moving from right to  left. I thought how strange to see them over here because I just moved to Florida and I haven’t seen any seagulls or pelicans near or around where I live. Then things got hyper intense.  These were not birds but translucent lights lit very dimly that were embedded underneath in a black boomerang shaped craft. It flew almost directly overhead. Its speed was very swift and it was completely silent. I was amazed but at the same time inexplicable frightened the silence of the craft scared me the most. I estimate the altitude of the ship to have been 1500 ft. It was flying much lower than traditional flying aircraft.  As the craft was flying overhead, I thought I noticed concentric circles within the round lights of the ship. Only 2 rings in total and it wasn’t in the all the lights, only the 1st-2nd lights closest to me from my vantage point. The craft had smooth edges all around and I did not notice any seams except the 2 concentric rings on a couple of the lights embedded underneath. It looked to be made of one solid very black metal. I thought “my God, no wonder they can fly around un-seen because of their sheer quietness, speed and stealth.” The only real way to observe this craft would be looking straight up. It blended that well into the night sky.  As the craft moved away, a longing inside for them came to me. I tried to use telepathy to call them back…to make a U-turn. I had so many questions but not enough answers. The craft kept rapidly moving away and I felt sadness. I don’t know if it disappeared over the horizon, de-materialized or turned on it’s invisibility cloak. It seemed to completely fade out as it got further away from me. I estimate the whole sighting lasted 5-7 seconds which seemed like an eternity to me.  I then ran back to my apartment to get my wife. And I mean I ran. When I got inside, I told me wife what I just witnessed and we decided to go back to the lake. She bundled up because last night it was very cold by Florida standards. We stood in my exact spot for approximately 5 minutes before she decided to go back in. Just too cold for her and I was very anxious to share my story. For reasons I don’t quite understand, this ship I observed has really frightened me. Even this morning while making this drawing and writing this email, I still feel scared.;30.0822;-81.5497999999998
