Strobing light, multiple colours, near Maniwaki, P.Q. (130kms North of Ottawa);2009-11-09 01:00:00;few hours;Strobing light, multiple colours, near Maniwaki, P.Q. (130kms North of Ottawa) Around 0030 hours on Thursday, November 19th 2009, I went outside to smoke a cigarette and a bright white light caught my attention it was distinctly brighter than everything else in the sky. As I paid closer attention to it I noticed a sort of red light emanating from one of its sides and a bluish hue that seemed to be on the underside of the object. It appeared to be hovering but was not completely stationary, it kept repeating a kind of circular, or wave pattern, at regular interval, about every two or three minutes. I was puzzled by it and ended up staying outside for 45 minutes-or-so, observing it circle around in a similar fashion to a mosquito, or a fly, or something.  It was getting cold, so I decided to go back inside to get binoculars or something but I don’t have very powerful ones so figured they would not be of much use. I went back outside less than an hour later (around 01:45) and, to my surprise, the object was still there hovering around. The white light was still bright but the red and blue ones had become intermittent, only visible for short periods of time over several minutes the predominant light (white one) appeared to have acquired a yellowish-orange color. (The first time I was outside it remained a very bright, clear, white aside from the red and blue lights/reflections or whatever they were)  The object appeared to be so far, and high up, I can’t even estimate the distance or the altitude other than it was a good couple kilometers up in the sky and at least 15kms away from my position. I don’t really know what to say about the shape because it didn’t always look the same: sometimes the bright white light was shaped kind of like the letter “C”, sometimes it looked more triangular in form and the rest of the time like a cylinder standing on its end. There did seem to be two distinct parts to the object, though, like there was something obstructing the light in the middle?? At some point when it was closer the first time I saw it, I thought I saw like a kind of pompon on the top but I wasn’t able to see that again so it could have been some effect with the light. Also, the main light was throbbing, it would get a little dimmer and become bright again this cycle lasted about 1 or 2 seconds, like a kid flipping a light switch continuously (this was observable the who! le time).  The sky was completely clear: I observed numerous meteorites entering the atmosphere and burning up and at least one plane (what appeared to me as being a commercial passenger aircraft) that seemed to get pretty close to the object, albeit a considerable distance below it. Around 0300 hours I decided to get back inside as the object had not done anything else than dim/brighten and enter hovering patterns in the previously stated fashion. There was no audible sound whatsoever from the object.;46.3851;-75.9695
