two sets of five/six bright yellow lights too high to be an animal, too low/big to be aircraft /star appear out of nowhere in rural IL;2010-05-19 22:43:00;15 seconds;two sets of five/six bright yellow lights too high to be an animal, too low/big to be aircraft /star appear out of nowhere in rural IL Driving home, I turned into my drive way (150 ft) to my rural home.  Half way down the drive way, I noticed a bright yellow light in the sky which quickly turned into two lights. Then to the right of the lights another one appeared, then two or three more on the right side.  The lights were almost in a hooking pattern like they were around a disc-shaped aircraft.  Quickly, almost the exact same thing happened to the right of the first set of lights.  One light turned into two then quickly into five or six. It was way too big to be a plane.  The lights were not as high up in the sky as a plane would be. The lights were also too far apart to be anything like a plane.  It was like they were lights on a disc-shaped aircraft.  I immediately picked up my phone and tried to call someone else who lives in my house (this is how I know it was at 10:43pm), then panicked and drove my car as fast as I could down my drive-way and into my garage, jumped out of my car without even! turning my lights off and ran inside to wake someone up. I was terrified.  I was so scared that I couldn't speak for two or three minutes. I ran back outside to look back up into the sky and they were gone.  I was shaking bad for about thirty minutes. I continued to shake the rest of the night and had goose bumps for hours afterward.  I have never believed in this sort of thing and it really shook me up.  I have never been anything even close to as scared as I was for that night.  I was shaking the rest of the night and ended up sleeping with my lights on, afraid to go back outside. I know there is no way this could have been any sort of star (they was too close and were bright yellow), aircraft (they were too close and appeared out of nowhere), or any thing else that I've ever seen in the sky.  It was too far up to be any kind of animal and too close and big to be any type of aircraft I have ever seen.;40.5594;-90.0237
