Loud stationary craft that would grow  with what looked like fire and then it would drop a luminous pod;2006-12-13 19:30:00;20 minutes;Loud stationary craft that would grow  with what looked like fire and then it would drop a luminous pod Everything started with a very loud stationary jet engine sound above our house that lasted about 45 seconds.  I went out on our back deck facing west.  It was dark outside and I observed a stationary 4 window bright luminous light barely above the tree line over the woods behind our house.  It was fairly close to our house and silent.  I'm not sure how far away it was because I'm not sure how big it was in perspective. I immediately ran up stairs where my wife was to have her see it out of the upstairs window but the lights were gone.  While looking out of our upstairs window, we were shocked at what we were seeing.  We cranked open our casement window and observed 15 or more luminous craft moving in every direction a distance away.  Some even flew high over our house then disappeared.  The sky was very clear out back of our house.  The craft were silent until one would completely stop high in the air and then it would start to glow with what looked like fire and it growed in size and roared like the sound of a very loud jet engine. It would take about 3 seconds for the sound to reach us.  While the craft was stationary and glowing with fire, a luminous pod dropped off out the left side toward the ground.  We witnessed this exact thing 4 times during the 20 minutes or so that we watched them.  I estimated them to be about 2 miles away.  I called our local police department twice to report this event but I think they thought I was nuts.  I am a business person in our city and afterwards I wished I hadn't called them. They said they would send a cruiser out that way.  To summerize what I said in the beginning of this report is I believe the very loud stationary jet roar above my house was one of those craft that became stationary with stabilizing rocket engines and dropped the luminous 4 window pod out back of my house that started the whole incident of us witnessing all of this.  After 20 minutes or so, the dark sky became empty of craft and all was quiet.  We are both still nervous over what we saw.;40.5594;-90.0237
Orange fireballs in the sky.;2012-12-06 19:00:00;10 minutes;Orange fireballs in the sky. I was outside with my boyfriend and seen 3 fireball looking objects in the sky lined up. It was very low and big. It appeared for 2 minutes then disappeared from the current spot.  Then it reappeared in another spot in the sky just as low as it had previously done.  This went on for about 10 minutes. There was several other aircraft in the sky at the time moving towards the direction of the fireballs.;40.5594;-90.0237
