Orange glowing oval shoots sparks;2006-05-19 21:30:00;20 minutes roughly;Orange glowing oval shoots sparks A friend and I were sitting on my front steps talking. I glanced off over his shoulder and noticed a glowing yellow orange oval shaped light in the night sky. This object was self luminesent. It looked like a beacon or hazard light on the top of a radio tower at first. but it wasn't blinking. I told myself thats what it  must be, even though I had lived here for years and knew there wasn't a tower over there. They must have built one, I thought. It wasn't alarming looking or anything. I ignored it for awhile really. I just kept talking and glanced at it during breaks in conversation. It didn't move at all, nor did it change its hue. It actually looked like someones yellow porch lightblub from a great distance accept it was higher than the trees. I think it was miles away really, but it was obvious. After awhile, I had had enough and couldn't figure it out. I interupted my friend in mid sentence and pointed to the object. I asked him what he thought it was. He said he didn't know and laughingly started to tell me about how he and some friends had seen what they thought was a UFO one time. It was then that i glanced back at the light and it was was doing the weirdest thing. It looked like it was shooting sparks out of itself. They were coming from the top left corner  of the light from what I could tell. It looked kind of like a golden firework spray, but didn't fade out. It just hung there next to the object. It is very hard to explain, but it looked like the sparks were dripping. I got very excited and pointed again. This time my friend paid more attention and said it must be a meteor or something.... I don't agree, as the object had been there, unmoving, for at least 10 minutes by this time.  Nothing was different about it's appeatance other than now it was dripping golden sparks in an arc out of it's top. Neither on of us (both college educated)could figure out what it might be. I looked at him and made a comment about it being a UFO. He'a  big born again Christian and started in on me about how we Christians weren't supposed to believe in UFO's. His face was saying something different though. He couldn't figure it out either. We looked back over one last time and it was gone. We kept talking about it and laughed about it being weird. About 5 minutes later it reappeared to our south and looked like it was tree top tall going over houses down the street. It dissapeared from our sight a minute later. The object made no sound at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));40.5594;-90.0237
This is my second sighting near this area since 2001.;2012-10-02 06:15:00;5 seconds;This is my second sighting near this area since 2001. At approx. 6:15 am ct, I observed while looking at the horizon (East) just before the sunrise as a Black Oval or Disc object glide above the cloud line.  It was black in color agaist a sunlit background.  The object glided just above the sky cloud line before blending into the dark clouds.  The object had no light only a blackness in color.  I was in the Canton Prison parking lot looking East during this incident. No sound or trail.;40.5594;-90.0237
