3 strobing lights are back changed shape. east  and west of arizona city, AZ.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of stars?  PD));2011-03-31 19:30:00;6 hrs;3 strobbing lights are back changed shape. east  and west of arizona city,arizona well the strobing lights are back. march 31st 2011 at 7:30 pm. east/northeast of casa grande arizona i saw 1 strobbing light on my way to get ice.this time i wanted my freinds to see it. so i quickly went  to my freinds house who had a telescope.it took 10 min. to set up and hone in on it because he did have  the spotter scope for the telescope.in the process on set up i seen two more lights and they were in a straight line a equal distances.i said look there is 3 of them now.at that moment two when off in oppisite directions and disapeared.but the 1 was still there.this time i got a good look at it. and WOW it a was an unbeleiveable light show.it was a round disco ball of spectrum colored lights!!! there were in multible ring  patterns equal in distance and each of about 10 or so rings were spiraling in oposite directions of each other. at first it look like the news years eve ball that drops from new york. two ther freinds seen it also and were  amaised at what we were seeing. we watched for about an hour and still just 1 object was there and no moving the the stars.also at times the lights slowed and went as bright. but then at times  they were flashing like crazy and started strobbing out of control. then the round shape of the object starting changeing shapes from round the  square,and other geometric shapes. i couldn't beleive what i was seeing.then i looked like there was a black spot in the bottom of the light circle, like an arch at the bottom of a circle. the lights were rede blue and green mostly. but when the shape was alternating it look like a multible rings of lights spinning and the spaces inbetween  were like a static ball. we watched the object for 3 hours.then i had to go home to get a playstion the was downloading updates for my freind. when i got back the light was gone from where it was and now was west/southwest. so we turn the telscope 180 degress  and focused on the light.sure enough it was the same light pattern do the same thing. about 1 hour later there was a  second light west of us dong the same light show. and 15 min. later a third light showed uo west/northwest.and just  hovering. my girlfreind texted a freind in orange county cali. and told him to look in the sky. he saw it too, but  he said he saw a purple light in the sky southwest of him off the coast. concidering i was useing a telescope the lights had to be a couple of thousand miles away to the east and when they were spotted in the west the distance seemed about the same distance away. while watching the 3 lights to the west,the middle light faded away for about 5 min. but came back at the same spot  and started strobbing again.by this time it was 1:30 am. we were watching the lights for about 6 hours now. and i had to go home. this is a night i will never forget. and i will continue to keep a look out for them again. here is a pic i recerated in photoshop since i don't own a video camera or a high zoom camera. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of stars?  PD));32.7508;-111.6682
Phoenix lights all over again;2012-11-06 19:30:00;5 minutes;Phoenix lights all over again I went outside and across the empty field along the horizon there were these 4 orange orbs just floating there for about two minutes.  Then one of them disappeared and then they all followed suit an disappeared as well.  About 30 seconds later then all came back again.  Then they all just sat there for about 2 minutes and then left.  Then in the sky, a few miles to the left, an orb came.  After that orb, another one came right next to it and then in a single line, about 7 in total showed up.  But after the 3rd one came up, the first one slowly began to disappear, and when the 4th came, the second one began to disappear.  This happened slow at first then extremely fast, probably a whole 20 seconds in total. This reminds me exactly like the Phoenix Lights;32.7508;-111.6682
