3 strobbing lights over casa grande,arizona;2011-03-18 19:00:00;10 min;3 strobbing lights over casa grande, arizona fri at sunset. i thought they were tower lights at first but i was driving to a freinds and i kept watching them. they were moving at im guessing 100 mph at altitude of 1 mile, and moving away from me head toward casa grande ruins. they were in a line formation and alternatly strobing red yellow blue and green,like if they were a cop car from far away. and at times just staying bright yellow. when i got a mile down the road to a traffic light,i was thinking this can't be real. so i turn at the light away from the way they were going. then i saw 1 woman and her three kids stairing into the sky and pointing at the lights, they seen it too. so i turned around and decided i was going to chase the lights if i could. then i race down the road toward the lights, now they was 2 lights that seemed to have stop about 10 miles away. i knew if i didnt stop at the next road and get out and try to use my mini bonaculars. i was watching the light! s and they were not planes. this was a clear night and i live in the desert so there is no trees and you can see far. the lights did act weird too. when i was stopped on dirt road a watched them, the third light came back and they were not in a line anymore. then 2 lights went out and there was one. then there were two lights. they turned a dim white. then the one on the right started strobbing againand stop and went white again, and the light on the lieft started to strobe then turn white. i watched this for about 30 sec. then they both got white. and 1 faded away and the other too. then 1 came back, then they were gone. so i got in my truck and left going away from them. i went a mile down the road and looked in my rear veiw mirror and i saw one strobbing again. i thought wow!! i got to get my freinds to see this. so by time i got my freinds and went back to where i could show them they were gone. and the woman and kids have left where they were,so i didnt get to talk to ! her about it. happened on fri. march18th 2011 at 7:00 pm. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.7508;-111.6682
