2 flying objects with revolving red lights blinking from right to left slowly flying south in night sky.;2006-04-21 23:30:00;8 minutes;2 flying objects with revolving red lights blinking from right to left slowly flying south in night sky. I went out into my backyard at 11:30pm to have a cigarette and noticed 2 objects with revolving red lights blinking from right to left -with my arm outstretched, these objects were 2 and 1/2 inches apart. They flew very slowly in a southernly direction towards the Mid-Cape Highway. I could not distinguish what their shape was, but they looked very close together and flew very slowly and made no sound whatsoever. I watched them until they were out of sight..8 minutes total.;41.7137;-70.1578
Large thing at tree top level over power lines emitting rays of light from many openings/windows, glowing, red & yellow.;2014-04-02 20:00:00;20 minutes;Large thing at tree top level over power lines emitting rays of light from many openings/windows, glowing, red & yellow. I was driving home from a friend's wake at a funeral home at 8pm.  I was talking on the phone to a friend.  I turned right onto a dark, but fairly well traveled back road to continue about 10 minutes to my house. I noticed on my left, right at the top of the treeline at the power lines was this really big thing.   It made no sound, & resembled a house or something with a bunch of windows on it.  I say windows because there was light being emitted from these windows that put out a sun ray type appearance.  It reminded me of a 2 story house that had every light on in every window.  It made no sound at all and was very low. Below all of the windows with white rays coming out, there were sporadic, blinking, red and yellowish/orange lights.  It was JUST SITTING THERE!  If I had to estimate the size, I held up my Samsung Galaxy S4 at arms length, and the thing was maybe 1/2 it's size.  But there was no movement, nothing. I had slowed to maybe 5 mph, if that, and was describing it to my friend who I was still on the phone with.  I had stopped in the middle of the road and was fumbling with my phone, in the dark, to try to get it to camera mode to take a photo, but 3 cars came up behind me and I had to start driving again. I got to my house, still on phone, and was on my deck just outside my back door, and I could see the craft above the treetops slowly gliding ESE towards Rte. 6A in Dennis by the beaches.   This thing seems to glow almost orange from within, and the white rays along with the blinking yellow and red lights continued.  If I dime at arm's length, this would have been the size of the craft as I watched it from my deck. It made no noise, and was very slowly gliding away.   The entire time I was describing it to my friend on the phone.;41.7137;-70.1578
3 large, flashing lights over Dennis beach at sunset.;2014-09-28 18:50:00;5 minutes;3 large, flashing lights over Dennis beach at sunset I was on a north facing beach in Dennis, Massachusetts, on Cape Cod tonight at sunset to take photos. While looking off to the west, I noticed 3 fairly good sized lights next to each other, but b flashing off & on from left to right, right to left.  What made me stop & look is because these lights were just sitting stationary in the sky. It was mesmerizing. I only had my cell phone, so I tried to get a photo of whatever this thing was.  Right after I snapped the photo, the lights just snapped off & it was gone.;41.7137;-70.1578
