The object changed shape and moved slowly and eratically;2010-06-08 18:50:00;five minutes;The object changed shape and moved slowly and eratically I saw an object  that I mistook for a very high flying  , large bird . It appeared to be drifting on the wind current . The object began to change shape and spread out a bit  . It appeared to be about half the size of the sun  .  It appeared to me to be about twice to three times as high  and a large bird would ever fly . The speed at which the object was moving appeared to be 50 percent faster then a hot air ballon  .  It moved  from one course to a new course at about a 45 degree angle difference . The top portion  seemed to be a large circular , black , dual   basketball shape  attached to a cube  with a rectangle coming off of that . Then the object changed to the shape of a zeppelin and became  more metallic and shiny in appearance  . It went behind the trees and out of my view then . There  was no sound  , no lights , no gondola  . I originally saw  the object with my naked eye and  then after about two minutes I went in the house and came back out with some binoculars . There is a NASA center within 15 miles of my house  .  However  , this object was  not a plain , or any type of aircraft that I’ve ever seen or heard of . I saw an object  that I mistook for a very high flying  , large bird . It appeared to be drifting on the wind current . The object began to change shape and spread out a bit  . It appeared to be about half the size of the sun  .  It appeared to me to be about twice to three times as high  and a large bird would ever fly . The speed at which the object was moving appeared to be 50 percent faster then a hot air ballon  .  It moved  from one course to a new course at about a 45 degree angle difference . The top portion  seemed to be a large circular , black , dual   basketball shape  attached to a cube  with a rectangle coming off of that . Then the object changed to the shape of a zeppelin and became  more metallic and shiny in appearance  . It went behind the trees and out of my view then . There  was no sound  , no lights , no gondola  . I originally saw  the object with my naked eye and  then after about two minutes I went in the house and came back out with some binoculars . There is a NASA center within 15 miles of my house  .  However  , this object was  not a plain , or any type of aircraft that I’ve ever seen or heard of .;41.377;-81.6588000000001
