Huge dark triangle-shaped craft 100 yards wide, 3 white non-blinking lights (1 at each point) gliding silently from south to north.;2007-02-01 02:00:00;30-45 secs;Huge dark triangle-shaped craft 100 yards wide, 3 white non-blinking lights (1 at each point) gliding silently from south to north. I am a hospice RN and at the time of my sighting I was an on-call home visit RN, coming home from making a home visit on the east side of Cleveland, OH.  It was in February, 2007 at approximately 2-2:30 a.m. There was snow on the ground and I remember bright conditions, like moonlight reflecting off the snow making the night seem lighter than normal for that time of night.  I was driving south on I-77, just north of the Pleasant Valley Road exit.  My car window was cracked open because I am a smoker and I was flicking ashes out the window.  I had the car radio on, but it was not turned up loud and there was no music on---my habit at that time of night was to listen to talk radio. There were not many cars on the highway with me and I do not remember any cars near me traveling in my direction close to me.  I was focused up ahead as I was nearing the exit.  There were fairly dense trees to my right off the road.  I sensed movement overhead and looked up through my front windshield and just slightly to my right. I saw a huge dark triangular shape with red non-blinking lights gliding silently over the treetops, traveling north but almost as if it were following I-77 northbound (but next to the southbound lanes).  It was not directly overhead, but no more than maybe 20-30 feet to my right.  I could clearly see the outline of the craft and remember thinking it was not an airplane.  I also made note of the fact that the lights were solid and not blinking.  I put my window all the way down and could not hear anything---it was completely silent.  I estimate the craft to be about 100 yards across at the widest part.  It was clearly outlined against the moonlit sky.  It did not look metallic from my angle I had the sense that it was black. I turned my attention to the road ahead and drove as quickly as I could to the curving exit ramp.  As I came around the curve of the ramp, I was going to end up facing north.  I looked in the direction I had seen the craft and (as large as it was) I expected to see the back end of it.  I could not locate the craft again and assumed the tree tops were in my way. I looked in the paper and online after my sighting, hoping to see reports of other sightings, but I found nothing.  For a long time I just felt satisfied that I knew what I saw and it was nothing I had ever seen.  After almost 2 years, I’ve decided I want to report my sighting to SOMEONE just so my sighting is documented somewhere.  I’m not saying it was extraterrestrial, but it definitely was a UFO because I could not identify it, it was definitely flying, and it was an object.  Could it have been a stealth bomber?  My instincts tell me that a stealth bomber is not 100 yards wide, but I have no idea. (NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.377;-81.6588000000001
