Large, meteor-type light seen near Santa Fe, NM.;2006-10-01 23:00:00;seconds;Large, meteor-type light seen near Santa Fe, NM. I saw a round object through my west-facing living room window at approx 11:00 Sunday evening (Oct 1).  My immediate, knee-jerk response was that it was a shooting star, but the object was good-sized (round, white though not overly bright, shaped something like a small but distant moon) and didn't disintegrate, but kept moving intact across the window.  I was sitting on the sofa with a friend, saw the object at first out of the corner of my eye, and ran immediately to the deck on the west side to try to see more of it.  I live in the mountains in the Santa Fe Nat'l Forest and so what I saw on the deck was through several trees.  The object was moving north, into the forest, and by the time I reached my deck it was no longer a pale round object but was something bright, elongated (rectangular like a train with segmented/lighted windows), and it seemed quite close.  My friend also saw this (though she did not see the round object through the window because she was sitting with her back to it).  I want to add that I am one of the most rational people on the planet, have never given much creedence to UFO stories or sightings (though I contingently acknowledge that given the size of the universe, there cannot but be intelligent life somewhere other than here--that's if you take the current situation on this planet as created by intelligent life--so I tried to explain the light I saw from my deck: a plane (flying that close and headed directly into a forest? not likely)? a helicoptor (there was absolutely no sound)?  So I was and am left totally mytified by what this was.  I was so curious, in fact, that I convinced my friend to come with me and drive out into the forest in the direction it was headed.  We drove for probably ten miles or so on the forest road but saw nothing at all.  The next morning I saw on the morning news that other people had reported seeing something which the Los Alamos Lab said was probably a meteor, though it had not registered on their radar (the person interviewed! said th at this might be due to the fact that there was not enough light radiating for the radar to pick up the object--this couldn't possibly be the cause since this oject was quite large for a meteor).  No one reported seeing anything elongated, such as the object I saw from my deck.  I've been watching for more reports about this but have seen nothing else.  I'm very curious about any other sightings on that night.  Just a note, re. the Colorado sightings on Oct 1--I did not see numerous colored lights.;35.5288;-105.7477
