Lights over the beach/ocean at the Jersey Shore Thanksgiving evening 2005;2005-11-24 20:30:00;1 minute 30 seconds;Lights over the beach/ocean at the Jersey Shore Thanksgiving evening 2005 At about 8:30 pm Nov. 24, 2005 - Thanksgiving evening - me and my family were at a neighbors house.  About 15 of us were in the kitchen when the lights dimmed, grew incredibly bright, then went out completely. At the same time the lights went out, we heard a massive explosion.  Four of us ran out to the front porch to see bright neon blue smoke in the sky with electricity arcing over the blue hue about 1 1/2 blocks away.  My mom who was standing next to me said, Is that an ash floating over the smoke? as she pointed to it.  We all saw it at the same time - 4 bright white lights come through the smoke - it was off in the distance, behind the trees but above the roof line of the houses directly across the street from us.  We could see 4 bright white round lights - not blinking, bright as car headlights. They were a diamond shape. It was narrow in the middle, long on the ends - basically an elongated diamond, maybe somewhat of the chevron shape.  The lights headed in a southern direction.  We live less than 1 mile from the beach and these lights were over the ocean.  The explosion had knocked all the power out in a 4-6 block radius.  It was eerily silent - the lights made no sound what so ever.  Standing on the porch observing all this was me, my mom and dad, and a good friend/son-in-law of the family who is a NJ State Trooper.  As we watched the lights, in pretty much a stunned silence, we saw them start to shift shape - the rear light moved forward and the diamond narrowed.  It started to slow, passed behind a light cloud, dimmed, then slightly dipped as it sped off in an east-south-east direction.  The entire siting lasted about a minute and a 1/2.  This was not a plane, there were no blinking red, green or white lights. There was no sound of an engine - it was silent. We have a military base that is about 25 miles inland from us and these lights were like no flight path I've ever seen any military plane follow.  These lights came from the north heading south along the beach, then completely stopped, and then sped off over the ocean.;40.0844;-74.067
