Manasquan Inlet - 3 spheres;2010-12-12 21:00:00;15-20 minutes;Manasquan Inlet - 3 spheres I was sitting parked in a car with a friend at the inlet - Point Pleasant side.  It is a popular place for people to park at night and just watch the boats go by  and chat with a coffee or something - so we weren't alone.   We eventually noticed a blue-white changing light scoping up and down the Manasquan inlet parking side.  Briefly it went down the road leading to the parking, closest to the beach and returned scoping up and down the parking.  We didn't think anything of it at first - thought it was a flash light or a laser pointer.   Then we noticed it going into the water near what we call the Dog Island area - near the bridge of Route 35-and saw it emerge with a second sphere.  They were perfectly in alignment with each other while moving - zig zagging even - and then they would go off in different directions scoping the area again and then re-connect (erratic movements and then sometimes in formation).  We were curious about this, as it came OUT of the water.   We got out of the car--and saw several other people who were parked there get out of their car too -- a dozen of us just talking about what was happening over the inlet.  They went again in the direction of Dog Island after scouting both sides of the inlet and then both went underwater -- only to re-emerge with a third sphere, one after the other.  They moved in triangular formations - equally spaced apart - and then would go off in their own directions before reforming again.   By this time, a lot of us were just speechless - all watching in silence.   After say 15 minutes - 20 minutes, they shot off to Dog Island itself.   I was eager to see more of it.  By the time we crossed the bridge to the other side of the inlet, we didn't see anything.  It was the most peculiar thing and seemed to be changing colors between blue and white - although that is all I can remember after so much time.  They didn't seem very big.  Just spheres that were initially thought to be a flashlight projection, or something similar to what could be projected by a laser pointer.   Silent too.  Didn't hear sounds as the lights came out of the water. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));40.0844;-74.067
