Metallic Object Flying Close To Ridge Near Dry River Bed;2006-09-27 14:20:00;2-3 Seconds;Metallic Object Flying Close To Ridge Near Dry River Bed At 2:20 PM Pacific Daylight time, I was driving eastbound on US Highway two, at mile marker 168 approximately 18 miles East of Waterville Washington. I was descending from the flatlands, a farming area where lots of wheat is grown, into an ancient Columbia River bed where the Columbia had flown some several millions of years ago, when some event caused it to redirect it's flow to where it currently runs. Along the top of a ridge which runs north and south of my easterly direction. I saw an object fly over the highway in front of me approximately 200 yards in front of me. It was flying no more that I would guess 20 feet above the ridge which was approximately another 20 feet above where the highway was cut into it to descend into the river bed. The object was traveling approximately 40 to 50 MPH when it passed in front of me traveling Left to right (North to South). The object appeared to be made up of two identical balls, maybe 5 to 6 feet in diameter made out of either metal or glass. Very shiney and definetely solid in appearence. One ball followed the other. The two balls were connected to each other with a metal assembly which ran straight frome the center rear of the front ball, connected to the center front of the rear ball, kind of like this: O--O. The proportions of my example are a little off. The middle connecting assembly appeared to be about 8 feet, giving an overall length of approximately 18 to 20 feet, and definetely solid construction. The whole sighting lasted about two seconds.  It is possible it may be a misidentification of a helicopter, but I have never seen one in this configuration and I could detect no sign of the rotors with my sunglasses on and off. I tried taking my sunglasses on and off a couple times while I was observing it to see if I could see a rotor. But I could not. However, I was at about the same height as the object, viewing edge on from it's side and rotors are hard to see at that kind of an angle from a distance.;47.6295;-119.9887
