Reddish to orange explosion way out in space.;2012-07-28 21:00:00;3 seconds;Reddish to orange explosion way out in space. This was not a craft I saw, but an explosion way, way out in space.  It was between 9:00 and 10:00 PM, I was looking at the stars with my husband in our swing as we do often.  This is the 2nd time in my life this has happened, it was as if something was telling me to look at a specific place, deep, deep out in the sky.  It was in the southeast direction, I was looking deep in to the sky, focusing deeper & deeper, and I saw an explosion.  It couldn't have lasted but between 2 & 3 seconds.  It was a reddish-orange color, exploded outward - similar to that of a huge firework - starting in a center and expanding outward into a flat, round shape, similar to the rings around Saturn. It lit brighter as it went outward, changing from red to orange, then disapated, yet couldn't have last more than 3 seconds.  Was it a meteor blasted by someone? Thats all I can guess. I can't forget it, yet haven't told many people what I witnessed. I had that &quotcalling&quot one ! other time, I can remember it was in August in the late 1990's.  It was a little more south, south-east.  It was an explosion but was different, it left like a smoke ring that lasted 2 to 3 seconds also.  Again, I never told many people, and I haven't forgotten it either.  I could not tell the distance of either, but believe it was further than the distance of the moon.  It certainly wasn't close.  Both times it was like I was being told to look at a precise place at a precise time, looking deep into the sky.;31.3443;-89.2189
Low slow boomerang shaped craft with bright lights, disappearing and reappearing  ((anonymous report));2016-10-27 19:00:00;20 minutes;Low slow boomerang shaped craft with bright lights, disappearing and reappearing Driving back roads going home, car in front of me hit their brakes, thought to myself, what are they doing... then I saw it...  Boomerang shaped, bright lights,  Huge, flying at treetop level.  Changed direction, than disappeared, freaked me out, then I saw it again, right to my left..  again slow n treetop level... no flight pattern... hovered.. then it would disappear... 20 minutes this went on, got to my home... my son came out n saw it..  just hovering and then disappeared, we watched it an additional 15 or so minutes, ,  he got creeped out..  we went in house... ..new military aircraft?  I know what I saw!!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));31.3443;-89.2189
