Round Disc Flying With Us While Driving;2007-05-20 08:45:00;20 minutes;Description:  On 5/20/07 around 8:45am, my father, grandmother and myself were driving in our vehicle headed west about 60 mph headed to church. After a couple of minutes I noticed from the passenger seat out of the corner of my eye this gray flat object zooming along with us. I thought it was a bird it was relatively close and then when the object didn't swoop down or up like a normal bird would - I began paying attention.  As I watched this thing in broad daylight against a blue sky and white puffy clouds fly as fast as we were driving (I don't know the distance ratio in relation to us or how fast it was flying - only that it was keeping up with our vehicle). I naturally assumed it was a plane (we have a small airport relatively close nearby) then noticed it had no wings and was round.  I immediately drew my grandmother's and father's attention towards it and they both saw it and acknowledged it but thought it was a plane in the distance. My dad, however, kept watching it out of the corner of his eye while he was driving watching it along with me. The road we were on has big trees periodically as you're traveling along. For the duration of about 2-3 minutes this thing was driving along what seemed to be next to us (we were driving about 60mph) and then it flew behind this big group of trees and disappeared. So strange!!  I just figured that the plane turned a different direction that we were unable to see??  We came to a stop sign in that particular road and headed north on an intersecting road and this object all of a sudden appeared on my father's side (who was driving) and I noticed it. If this was a regular plane, we would have seen it continue to fly with us and end up crossing our path (since it was originally flying parallel to us) but it had disappeared behind the trees and then re-appeared on the opposite side of the road. It then continued to drive (seemingly) along with us again!! We were of course paying attention to the road driving and we took our attention away and it disappeared yet again! We all decided this was very odd but dismissed it anyway. THEN ... we made it to our exit onto I-57 headed north (within about 5-6 minutes from last seeing it) and it re-appeared again only this time bigger than it was before. It was flying on the west side of the interstate and was flying much higher this time and faster. It began to speed ahead of us like a shot out of a cannon. Then it suddenly stopped. It was hovering!! Any doubt that I had that this truly was an airplane that I had simply  misunderstood ... vanished when WE ALL saw that thing hovering. There was a semitruck and a couple of cars that were pulled over on the side of the road pointing up at this thing!  We continued to our destination and it was still in the air hovering. I looked back one last time and could not see it.  The weirdest thing I ever saw!!! I would never tell anyone for fear of being called a lunatic. I consider myself a reliable source and was not alone in my sighting of this thing. Seeing it on a Sunday morning in broad daylight was also very odd. I always hear of people seeing these things at night with lights but this was in the morning!  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));41.3456;-87.6071
