BRIGHT lights, some fading in and out, forming a V on one night;2008-01-29 19:00:00;30 min +;BRIGHT lights, some fading in and out, forming a V on one night My family and I had witnessed a UFO in broad daylight in May 2007 (listed on your website) and ever since then I have been looking in the sky not necessarily looking for something else to happen but observing and paying attention.  Beecher is located next to the town of Monee and very close to Chicago Heights, etc. and I have noticed several reports in the last couple of months. In particular, I was shocked that not more have been reported (regarding these crazy lights that fade and appear again) but I read the Monee report and felt relieved that someone else had been noticing this.  This has been going on for MONTHS and I just am now getting around to reporting this. Who else do you report this to?? At any rate, this is what I have been experiencing on a REGULAR basis.  I work in Kankakee and live in Beecher. Every night when I travel home, I take a certain route (typically I-57 North to the Peotone/Wilmington exit and then take Cicero [Rt. 50] North until I get to Beecher Blacktop Road and travel east on that road until I get to Will Center Road I believe it's called.  Since it is dark out where I live (mostly cornifelds and some houses but no street lights for long stretches at a time) I can see all the stars very clearly and helicopters on occassion or small aircraft flying along with commercial aircraft flying at higher altitudes in the distance.  I would say at least 2-3 times a week back in October, November, December of 2007 I have noticed these lights that appear in a V formation but are spread pretty far apart. It's like they are pointing towards the race track (Balmoral Race Track). The lights will sometimes be 2 or 3 and the most I have seen was around 7 lights that are very distinct and very bright. And then all of a sudden, it's like someone turns the lights out. But they fade out typically.  It is really hard to describe. The one night, I was on the phone with my boyfriend and I saw these BRIGHT lights that were not moving, they were not planes, the only thing I could think of was maybe a helicopter or two (or 6) but they were just hovering. Not making a sound. But when I pulled into the area where I live, I got out of the car and there was NO SOUND. I know when a helicopter is in the area because you can obviously hear it coming/going. There was NO SOUND coming from these lights and they were constant.  One light in particular (on this night back in October 2007) seemed to be leading the other lights. There was a dominant light and it remained constant in its shining and brightness. The other lights (from what I remember 6 others) had formed a V shape and it was perfect spacing and it was pointing towards the race track. One of the lights in the V formation would fade out slowly - completely disappear. Then another one would go out. Then another. Then one of the lights that went out would come back on.  IT WAS SO STRANGE!!!  Like I said, I was sitting on the phone with my boyfriend and he was asking me to tell him what they were doing. He said to stay there and observe them. I didn't like the feeling I was getting of being watched but I stayed and watched a little more. I knew they weren't stars as I know where all the stars are and how bright they are, etc.  I couldn't stand it anymore and went in the house, all the lights in the sky remained where they were.  Very weird.  Other nights when I have driven that route (traveling towards Balmoral race track in Crete, IL) the same thing would happen where there would be 2 or 3 lights one night, 3 or 4 the next night and then they wouldn't show up at all. The light would be VERY BRIGHT, constant, and then ALL OF A SUDDEN they would shut off.;41.3456;-87.6071
5 orange lights change intensity and move around in western sky near horizon.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible stars??  PD));2010-10-03 19:30:00;1.5 hours;5 orange lights change intensity and move around in western sky near horizon. In the western sky, my dad saw three bright orange-red lights were hovering in a straight line.  I went outside and they soon began to move apart in random directions.  One very bright light stayed in the same place for most of the time while others randomly moved away and came back to the stationary light.  The moving lights would sometimes die off to the point you could not see them, but then eventually reappeared again. At one point, one light moved toward the stationary light and disappeared when it met it.  The stationary light moved rapidly a short distance to the left and quickly went back to its place. The lights gradually seemed to be dimmer or farther away and eventually we could not see them any more.  The stationary light seemed to be the brightest and at one point flashed from bright red to orange, to blue to white. These lights did not have flashing lights like a traditional aircraft and moved in ways that are nearly impossible to our technology. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible stars??  PD));41.3456;-87.6071
Three lights in Beecher, Illinois.;2011-07-04 21:25:00;2-4 min.;Three lights in Beecher, Illinois. Me and my husband and our three children were headed to see the Beecher fireworks.  We were coming from indiana and following my parents in thier car, with my two brothers.  We really close to turning right onto Dxie Highway.  I dont know the street name, im not really familliar with Ill.  As we were driving I was looking out the wpassenger window toward the west, and I noticed theses three orangish lights.  I noticed they werent moving and were in a triangle pattern. just sitting there.  They looked like steady light then later i thought they flashed.  I cant be sure. we kept driving and i tried to get a picture.  I took two pictures but by then one of the lights had faded off and only two were visible.  It was wierd because it didnt just vanish it was it decided to turn off its self and it just faded away.  the other two disappeared after i took the two pictures.  we had pulled over by then.  I have never seen anything like it, except in movies maybe.  The picture were from a moving car so  you can only just barely see the two lifghts above the tree line.  They were above a field, but by the time I took the pictures, trees were in my way.   Also, not sure if this is off worth mentioning, but I tried to call my mom to see if they saw the same things, and as soon as I dialed, I lost all signal, and when I told my mom, this she said the same thing happened to them.  They were trying to call us, as well.;41.3456;-87.6071
I witnessed a group of objects moving SE on the same flight path, perfectly spaced.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-03-23 19:00:00;10 minutes;I witnessed a group of objects moving Southeast on the same flight path, perfectly spaced and moving at the same speed. They looked like stars or satellites.I counted approximately 16 before I watched the last one disappear from the horizon.;41.3456;-87.6071
