I dont know what it was, it was like a darker fog surrounded by the lighter fog, then it... blew away. There was no wind that night.;2009-10-22 03:15:00;40 Seconds;I dont know what it was, it was like a darker fog surrounded by the lighter fog, then it... blew away. There was no wind that night. I was walking home from a friend’s house. It was late. There was a bear sighting earlier that evening, which is rare. I’ve lived here 8 years and I have never heard about any bears coming into city limits. I decided to walk home anyway. I was pretty damn paranoid most of the way. I did not want to run into any bears so I kept my eyes open a little bit more then usual. Anyways… when I got home I grabbed my keys out of my pocket and walked up the ramp, I triggered the security light.  I knew it would happen so I didn’t pay it any attention.  I got to the door and put the keys in and I heard our neighbors dog come out barking. I looked out and for second I thought I saw some random guy standing over by the fence where the dog was just kind of chilling there, not looking my way.  I let it go went back to unlocking the door but something wasn’t right.  I looked back and the dude was still there only this time it looked like he was looking back. I got the door open looked inside cause the T.V. was on, looked back and he was gone but it looked like a trail went from where he was up into the fog.  I was freaked out.  And then up in the air off to the right of my vision it looked like a thicker section of the fog just kind of blew away. It was a light fog but I swear it was thick fog in that spot one moment and then it was like the rest of the fog. It looked like a gust of wind blew that part away. I knew the guy chilling over by the fence could have just been anybody. That can be explained but the way the fog was thick and then it wasn’t… like the thick fog moved away through the light fog. There was no noise other then rain, it wasn’t windy either, not even a breeze. I am creeped out more then I have been my entire life. I don’t know if this sight is official or if anything taken seriously is investigated or whatever. All I know is I can’t explain what the hell happened with the fog. I told you about the story as best I could and as short as I could so you would take me seriously. I thought you should know I was already a little paranoid that night, and it was late. I know what I saw, a section of the fog in the sky was thicker then the lighter fog around it… then it blew away and then that section was the same as the rest of the fog. I’m going to every legitimate looking sight I find and telling them. I know what I saw, and it was not natural. What you do with the info is your business.;44.4019;-122.7334
