Never seen a UFO....come to Henderson.;1992-10-01 22:00:00;not sure;Never seen a UFO....come to Henderson. A friend and i were driving along a country road one night when we noticed a bright light in the sky to our SW. We pulled the car over to the side of the road to observe the object. The object was a considerable distance away from us at that time. There was a pasture to our left in between us and the object and all of a sudden the object was at the edge of the pasture over the trees out the drivers side window. It looked maybe the size of a large house. It turned like it was angling down toward us and it was lights,very bright, in the shape of a cross. I personally, at the time felt we were being scanned or analyzed by the object. I don't know if we experienced lost time or what . The next thing i remember was looking at the digital clock in my friends car and it said 11:11 pm. Ever since then, if i'm around a clock at 11:11, i'll automatically look at the clock for some reason. It's really weird. Something just makes me look at the clock at that time. The object backed off a little, slowly and then shot off to the W/NW at great speed. It happened on a country road between Henderson, Oxford, and Youngsville off hwy. 56. There was no other traffic on that rd. at the time. Theres alot of weird stuff going on in this area. Other people have seen things too. I know two guys who live in the Watkins community of Vance Co. which is a very rural area w/ alot of woods, saw one land in the woods behind their house. They walked down in there about 200 yds. and came in contact w/ the object. It made a humming sound and had lights flashing in sequence around it. The closer they got , the faster the lights would flash in sequeqnce. They got scared and ran back to their house. The object was said to be small, about the size of a full sized van. If anybody in the world wants to see some weird, unexplainable stuff in the sky, just come to Henderson for about a week and go out into some of these areas i've described. I'll guarantee you will see something that will blow your mind!!! Theirs something weird going on here, ! theres n o doubt about that. The cross in the sky is not the only thing i've witnessed,by far. It is the closest i've been to one ( I think ). I wish someone would at least come and investigate the weird things that are happening around here. I would gladly assist any way I could. Some, or most people are skeptical to my accounts but i would pass a lie detector test w/ no problem.     Thanks.;36.3536117870723;-78.3961330798478
