It was silver, it had no windows, it made no noise and glided accross the sky  above me before....;2004-10-13 17:14:00;10 minutes;It was silver, it had no windows, it made no noise and glided accross the sky  above me before.... It was near sunset,  mostly a cold day, my boyfriend and I were walking back to our hotel room after inspecting this neat train yard nearby. The little bit of sun left reflected off of something in the sky, a plane I had assumed, and I looked up to see why it was so bright. As I stopped and waited for the reflection to dissipate I realized that there was absolutely no noise accompanying this plane so I asked my boyfriend to look up at it as well. when the reflection finally dissolved I couldn't understand what I was looking at, it was a perfect oval, a brilliant smooth silver surface covered this ovular shaped object and it glided, smoothly, accross the sky. It kind of hovered, it moved without any noise, swiftly but gently accross the sky. I thought this has to be a plane or a helicopter or something like that, maybe a toy blimp some kid is playing with but it made absolutely no noise, and living in the town I do it isn't hard to hear noise it is that quiet. My boyfriend and I just stood there, baffled, wondering what the hell it was, trying to come up with what it could possibly be. We even went so far as to (later that evening while we were still in awe at the encounter) look in the phonebook and ask around about any nearby military bases that may be working on aircrafts. We came up with no leads. This solid, smooth, silver, soundless, oval had no windows. at first I thought it to be small, but as it neared directly above my boyfriend and I, we realized it was huge, and it was closer to the groud than any helicopter or plane could be, it was too big to be a toy or a kite, there were no windows! How was it operating if it had no windows or a remote control? After it had passed over us this, oval (as I like to call it), shot off, extremely fast, and seemingly dissappeared from sight. I have only ever seen it one time again, when I was walking in the mountains, alone, and I dare say I ran back to my dorm room (college student) as quickly as I could because I have heard too many scary tales to open a tale of my own. Believe me, I am not a natural believer of the supernatural, I do believe in ghosts, but I didn't really until I encountered one, I assure you now I am also a firm believer of aliens, as crazy as it may seem I cannot deny what my eyes beheld on that strange october day. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.6378;-79.6875
