I would like to bring something to your attention.  You might already know this.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly a sighting of Sirius.  PD));2006-11-20 01:00:00;throughout the night;I would like to bring something to your attention.  You might already know this.  Recently while looking at the night sky I noticed what appeared to be a star fluctuating between red and blue twinkles.  I am no astronomy buff, but I recognize mars and I can recognize a star generally.   My and my father's reaction was alike, we both seemed to notice this 'star' on the same night, and notice how it did not appear to have the usual colors of a star, plus its 'twinkle' was disproportionate to the other stars in the sky that night, as well as other stars I had seen in the past.  It was in the Southern sky, at about a 35 degree angle from the ground.  I have noticed a similar object in the eastern sky as well.  Generally these objects tend to be the lowest 'star-like' objects in the horizon, which leads me to believe that it IS in fact a star, and that the swirling of the atmosphere appears more intensely upon the starry sky background when it is lower in the horizon, rather than when one looks straight up.  Despite this simple explanation, this object could be easily mistaken for something unusual.  Just thought I'd offer this as a theory in case similar sightings had been reported but not substantiated as having an alien basis.  thanks for reading ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a sighting of the star, Sirius.  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));31.3120357142857;-89.3513516483517
Strange craft covered in lights split into two parts;2008-01-02 21:00:00;About 5 minutes;Strange craft covered in lights split into two parts 	While driving over the Leaf River bridge (a popular site for UFO sightings, and the boundary between Petal and Hattiesburg, Mississippi) at about 9:00 PM one Sunday night in late January or early February, I noticed a triangular group of lights in the sky. I was heading west, and the object seemed to be moving in a south-easterly direction. At first I thought it was a radio tower or something similar, but I soon realized that the lights were moving very slowly. As I came closer to the object I could see that it was cross-shaped and very thin and flat. It seemed to have triangular pieces connecting the wings to the tail. There were several red and blue lights along these connecting pieces, and they flashed on and off in a chasing pattern. The craft also had white lights on the nose, tail, and wings. It seemed to be about the size of a small one or two person plane. The craft moved very slowly and seemed to drift from side to side as it flew. At one point it began moving in small circles. 	After a few minutes the object stopped in midair, and it seemed that one of the wings detached itself from the rest of the craft and drifted away from it as if it were a smaller pod or shuttle craft. It had only one single white light on it. This smaller craft hovered near the main object for a moment, and then both crafts began moving away in the same direction. I do not know if they parted ways later, as they were now flying away from my car and I did not feel safe stopping to watch them as I was alone and in a bad part of town. There were very few people around at the time, so I do not know if there were any other witnesses to the event. I told my boyfriend about it later that same night, and told my mother at a later date, but I do not think that either of them believed me. Also, there are two military bases and a small airport within a short distance of the area where this occurred, but I do not believe that what I saw that night was a military or commercial craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));31.3120357142857;-89.3513516483517
