UFO sighting east of Fallon, NV, at Navy target range B17.  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness is an air traffic controller.  PD));2006-06-15 15:00:00;30 minutes+;UFO sighting east of Fallon, NV at Navy target range B17. Good evening Sir or Ma'am  I have a UFO sighting I’d like to share with you.  First I’d like to establish my credibility.  I’ve been a military Air Traffic Controller for over 24 years. I’ve held a secret security clearance during this entire time.  I have an immense amount of experience controlling general aviation, air carrier and military aircraft.  I am very familiar with the capabilities and flight characteristics of many different types of aircraft but especially high performance military aircraft.  There are very few aircraft that I cannot identify in fact I can identify most aircraft just by their sound.  I am an expert at evaluating three dimensional spatial orientation as well as calculating altitude, distance and speed with the naked eye. Between 2005 and 2008 I was working as an expeditionary and combat Air Traffic Controller responsible for setting up temporary landing zones in hostile areas as well as a Joint Terminal Attack Controller (JTAC).  Most people know us as Combat Air Controllers or Forward Air Controllers.  We designate enemy targets by eye or other acquisition equipment and then direct aircraft to drop or fire ordinance on said targets. Until the day of this event, I had never seen a UFO but I’ve always kept an open mind.  I believe that there is too much evidence and too many credible people whose stories collaborate for UFO’s to be a hoax.  I also believe that it would be very naive and possibly dangerous for us to believe that we are the only intelligent life form in the universe.  It’s too immense for this to be true. The events which I’m about to share with you happened about 6 years ago.  During this time since, I’ve been looking for ways to share my story. I do not remember the exact date of this event but it was around the end of June in 2006.  It took place in the desert, in the vicinity of Navy target range B17, located approximately 30 miles south-east of Naval Air Station (NAS) Fallon (KNFL) in Nevada.   This range sits south of highway 50 and is just west of Fairview Peak, which has an elevation of about 14,000 feet.   It was approximately 1500 local time.  It was a bright and very clear day – not a cloud in the sky.  On this day my team and I were acting as the Direct Air Support Center (DASC).  Our job was to accept, stack and hold the aircraft (F-18 Hornets) to the north of the target area until the SEAL JTAC Students were ready to accept a handoff from us and direct them onto their targets.  NAS Fallon is the home of the Navy SEALs JTAC School and they conduct most of their JTAC training at this location.  I want to go on record as saying that I am not a Navy SEAL.  I had my team there training for a deployment the following year where we would support one of the Marine Expeditionary Units (MEU). On this day the JTACs were using type 1 control.  This means the JTAC has to visually acquire both the target and the aircraft before the JTAC can clear the aircraft HOT, meaning the pilot is cleared to release his ordnance or fire his weapon.  Because of the bright sun, lack of cloud cover and the direction from which the aircraft were making the final attack run, it was often difficult to visually acquire aircraft.  During one such attack run, we had an especially hard time seeing the F-18.  Many were shading their eyes against the sun or using a technique that I like to do where you extend your arm and use your palm to block the sun and then look for the aircraft in the gap created between your thumb and index finger.  As I was doing this, the pilot reported he was on his final attack heading but we still couldn’t see him because we were looking almost directly at the sun.  At this time something to my left caught my eye. At first I thought it was the F-18 that we were looking for and I almost commented that the pilot was way off course.  But before the words escaped my mouth I immediately knew that this was nothing like I had ever seen before. What I saw was a very large chrome sphere.  The word silver does not describe it well enough.  It was really like a chrome or even a mirrored sphere.  I could see the desert floor reflected on its underside and the sky reflected on its top. It was larger than any cargo aircraft I’ve ever seen.  It was at approximately 10,000 feet, moving west to east at a very high rate of speed.  It passed the mountain range in a dip just south of Fairview peak.  I had sight of the craft for at least 7 seconds.  It took the craft 5 seconds to cover the distance from where I saw it to the dip south of Fairview Peak.  This distance it covered was approximately 5 miles.  That means the craft was traveling at approximately 3600 miles per hour or 3128 knots or Mach 4.6.  Last I checked, short of maybe the SR-71, we do not have any aircraft that can travel at that speed and if we do, where was the sonic boom.  The craft made no sound.  I’d like to add that while this was happening, the F-18 pilot reported “off target, no drop” and we saw him heading northbound and away from this craft.  So, I am 100% certain that what I saw was not the F-18 that we were looking for. I asked the other members of my team if they had seen what I had but they had not.  I was afraid that I was the only one who had witnessed something truly incredible.  But, several minutes later, the SEALs were laughing and giving a hard time to a couple of their teammates.  After talking to them I found out that 2 of the SEALs had also seen the sphere. We did not use the range at all the following day but we did go back the following night around midnight to do some night work.  While we were setting up our equipment we noticed an orange light at ground level in the target area.  It looked almost like a large camp fire.  I was not the only one to see this light. Everyone who was with us could see it.  This gave us some concern because in less than an hour military aircraft would be dropping live ordnance at that exact location.  I asked if there had been a change in the schedule where the range had been used that day and maybe there was fire still out there and I was told “no”, the range had not been used at all that day.  At this time we used a laser ranger finder to get a good position on the light and found that it was 2176 meters (1.3 miles) from our observation point.  As soon as we pinged the target next to the light with the laser, the light disappeared and then immediately reappeared approximately a mile north of it original position.  It had moved a mile in the blink of an eye.  The light remained for another 15 minutes and then disappeared and we never saw it again.  The entire event lasted about 30 minutes. Thank you for taking the time to read my story.  I must apologize for being so long-winded, but this is only the second time I’ve been able to share my story and the years are long and my memory is slow.  If you have any questions I would be more than happy to speak with you or anyone of you staff members. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));39.4692;-118.7864
