Observed at altitude of approximately 300 feet based on ceiling (5000) and aircraft approaching local airport (White Plains Airport).  ;1998-09-04 22:03:00;5-7 minutes;Observed at altitude of approximately 300 feet based on ceiling (5000) and aircraft approaching local airport (White Plains Airport).  Object was estimated at at least 1000 feet.  Three white lights at each apex, a blue/white (vgery bright) strobe amidship and a red strobe (also bright) at trailing edge.  Size was based on approximate altitude of 3000 feet.  Traveling (estimated) at 50 mph or less, no noise whatsoever.  Object was leading with flat edge, not an apex.  Color was dull aluminum and appeared to be contiguously lit as if it had a light f it's own.  No other lights were in view.  Direction (corrected from original report) was North by North East.  Reported to Michael Lindemann and Jeff Rense and posted to Jeff's site as well as Michael's CNI News.  Also sent rough drawing to Michael, FYI. I heard a dull rumbling sound during most of the day, and was listening to the beginning of the Jeff Rense Show.  I was interested in hearing the guest that evening (I believe it was John Velez).  I never made it.  I heard a dull rumbling sound again, went out to my terrace and at first saw nothing.  In a moment, I saw (with no sound at all) what appeared to be a huge object described above.  I was shaking with excitement, as I had never seen anything this large.  I knew the ceiling was low because of the cloud cover, I knew the size was huge, not only by virtue of the obvious appearance of great size, but that aircraft were making landing approach to White Plains airport and appeared miniscule by comparison.  Also, they were flying well under this UFO. I went inside to get a pair of binocs, one of which was hanging from my 4 inch reflector.  The binocs are 20X.  I saw the object at greater amplification, but no further detail. I called out to my wife to come out and see this, (onto my terrace) but she did not hear me.  She was in the shower.  I reported my sighting to a chuckling tower person at White Plains, FAA on Long Island and to MUFON.  I never filled out a report to MUFON, as I was not at all impressed with the caliber of individual who was sent out to interview me.  This also, I recently reported to MUFON.  I have since dropped my membership.  But that's another story. To my knowledge, no others in my condo complex were out that evening, although if no one heard me screaming to my wife to come out, I'll eat my hat.;41.0233;-73.8087
Extremely bright triangle shaped object with green lights and an occasional red light, remaining in sky in one place.;2009-03-04 18:55:00;Continuing;Extremely bright triangle shaped object with green lights and an occasional red light, remaining in sky in one place. My husband and I both saw a triangular shaped object in the north western sky.  The object was simply stationary with green lights around it and an occasional red light.  It is still sitting in the sky. We have both seen planets before and meteor showers, this is neither type of siting. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.0233;-73.8087
