craft can do things beyond modern technology;2009-01-13 19:13:00;7 min;craft can do things beyond modern technology after my shift at cvs i went to tgi fridays across the street to have a beer, at about 7.00 pm i had about a half a beer and went outside to have a cigarette,i then ran into a vendor that supplied services at my job,i said hi, he then pointed out what do you think that is pointed toward the left hand of the sky,i looked and saw a light that was coming  to the right of us ,and replyed thats an airplane.he said look again and i did that is when i saw the light come to a standstill turn on its side with a circle of high powered lights coming beneath it.i then noticed a huge crowd of people in the parking lot looking at the same thing.the hostess of the bar came up to up me and grabbed me .i was astonished.I whipped out my cell phone to record this but at that moment i got an incoming call.i told her i can't talk to u right now.This recoreded the time of this event.me and the hostess watched as a lot of other people the craft took off at an amazing speed no sound! and hovered above ralphs right across from where i worked.it then moved to the left moving as fast as my hand swaying back and forth,it then took off to the left made a sharp dive to the right and disappeared.the next day at work i was telling this event to an employee an a shopkeeper overheard us and said he and his wife saw the same thing but they were right underneathe of it and everyone in the ralphs shopping lot saw it to.he said it was the brightest lites he had ever seen.and had no sound.its been awile to report this. but i can still see it in my head ,i was surprised no one else came forward.many people saw this! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.5192070422535;-117.713612676056
Four Glowing Orbs;2011-08-24 22:10:00;30 seconds;Four Glowing Orbs I was standing in my backyard which is on a hill and overlooks the valley and then more hills to the south.  Hovering right above the tree tops on the hill to the south were four large glowing orbs that were golden in color and completely silent.  I could not stop looking at them, like I was drawn to them. I walked to the furthest spot in the backyard never taking my eyes off of them.  As I reached that spot they began to descend slowly below the tree tops until I could no longer see them.  I want to know what they were. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.5192070422535;-117.713612676056
Bright object / orb performs aerial gymnastics over pacific ocean before performing disappearing act into the water close to coast.;2012-01-14 17:50:00;00:01;Bright object / orb performs aerial gymnastics over pacific ocean before performing disappearing act into the water close to coast. At ~1750 hours on 01/14/12, I was looking due south out toward the ocean and saw a bright light / orb out over the horizon at approximately ten degrees elevation.  It was roughly similar in brightness and size as the planet Venus appeared at that time.  Visibility was good as I could see San Clemente island and the sun had recently set. The object was moving at significant speed from left to right and with a motion like a gentle sine wave for what I'd estimate was several hundred miles.  It abruptly corkscrewed downward toward the point at which the water met the horizon and appeared to skate across the top of the water still out near the horizon.  It then began to move toward my location/the coast skating across the top of the water with the same gentle sine wave motion only back and forth laterally now rather than vertically as before. The orb appeared to get very close to the beach and then turned around and headed back out toward the horizon and began to gain altitude.  It returned to something near its original altitude and near where I first observed it out over the horizon.  It again executed a helical / corkscrew turn down to the water and approached the coast again where it appeared to vanish into the ocean approximately one mile or less offshore. The duration of the entire event was approximately one minute and was viewed by myself and one witness standing next to me.  I have been a resident of Southern California my entire life and am quite familiar with the view over the ocean during the day and at night, local military bases, airports, etc.  I have never seen anything remotely resembling this in my life except for what I've seen on UFO specials on the television.  The object / craft appeared to move as though it was under intelligent control and exhibited flight characteristics unlike any craft I've ever seen or heard of.;33.5192070422535;-117.713612676056
UFO facing Flight Plane Pilots towards John Wayne Airport Orange County, CA.;2014-06-29 15:42:00;~80 seconds;UFO facing Flight Plane Pilots towards John Wayne Airport Orange County CA I was sky watching on June 29 in the morning with binoculars & calibrated the zoom when an airplane passed by.  I then saw an orb pass the plane & followed it until it was gone.  I thought since I saw this one, maybe there's a decent chance I'll see another if I hike up the hill near where I live & bring the video recorder.   I was up there for a few hours & saw one other orb that was larger, slower & I believe closer for a short time.  I took some videos of planes passing & there really wasn't anything very exciting.  Then again, I could hardly see the screen in daylight, even with something I brought to cover my head with the screen.  I wrapped it up & went home.   Then dropped the footage in a video editor.  I viewed a short clip of a plane in the distance that was a bit shaky & short, I was about to hit the delete button, then thought first I'd zoom in on the plane first.  I'm glad I did wow.  I saw an object facing the pilots in flight, but then thought it might be a speck on the lens or screen.   So I continued looking frame by frame & the object was still there.  When I toggled through the frames, the object appeared to be blinking.   I was still not convinced because it was faint.  But then, on ONE particular frame, the object got very bright & much larger with some detail.  My jaw literally dropped, I gasped & covered my mouth.    I submitted it on a popular video site.  I show it in the editor including placing some textures to show it & some frame by frames.  It's quite amazing.   I thought this could be quite a big deal since the Malaysia flight 370 disappearance.   Also, while I was editing the video, I was listening to KFI radio & they announced that there was an accidental chute deployment which was causing the plane to have to be diverted from going to John Wayne Airport, which is where this plane & UFO were headed.   When you view the footage, clearly there is no way the pilots didn't see what was right in f! ront of them.  So maybe we got this on radar?   At least at the ! very minimum, the pilots MUST have told the control tower what they were seeing.   Maybe that flight diversion was on purpose to avoid a danger like what happened to the Malaysia plane?;33.5192070422535;-117.713612676056
