Glowing pink object moving through sky at sunset;2005-07-15 20:30:00;10 min;Glowing pink object moving through sky at sunset I  just came across your website and wanted to submit this event as best I can remember. About a month ago my friend and I went for a evening walk on the Coyote Dam at Lake Mendocino CA. It was around 8:30pm daylight savings time and the sun was just setting behind the mountains on the opposite side of the valley. As we were walking I looked over at the sunset area where the sky was still glowing a soft pink and saw a brilliant illuminated pink object. At first I thought it was a lone stray cloud that was glowing from the sunset. Upon watching the object I realized that the brilliant color of the glow seemed to come from a super reflective surface that was much brighter than any cloud glow Ive ever seen before. Not to mention there were not any clouds in the sky at the time.  I pointed the object out to my friend and we began to watch it. She was as amazed as I was. We talked about it for some time while watching it and debating what on earth it could have been. It was moving very slightly so slow that you couldnt really notice it at all. At one point it began to move faster, but still very slow... and MUCH slower than any of the planes that fly over the valley. As the sunset got darker the object stayed bright glowing pink. It was sort of a diamond/cylinder shape. It was quite a distance away from us. As we continued to watch the object we noticed it had a red and white light that would randomly blink on the surface of it - not at the same time... each light would go off differently at different times with no obvious pattern. The object moved closer to us in a south/east direction and then began to move away in the direction it had come. It got smaller and smaller and then immediately vanished as if it hadent been there at all.  It was not a dramatic display but it was unlike any airplanes or craft we have seen before. Not to mention the fact that it was flying in such a strange and slow flight pattern. No one else walking on the dam seemed to notice it or watch it the way we were. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));39.1592;-123.1963
A green object came into the atmosphere , Southwestern area of the sky.  It fell towards the ground and appeared to be close.  This was;2019-08-19 21:50:00;10 seconds;A green object came into the atmosphere, Southwestern area of the sky.  It fell towards the ground and appeared to be close.  This was different than a fireball as the color was a glowing green and seemed to Be cool not hot.   It fell in a diagonal pattern and I faintly heard a high pitch sound.  The night air was heavy, dense, and dark.  The temperature was cool for August the air had a smell of an overheated radiator.  I felt an uneasy energy .;39.1592;-123.1963
Lights in the early moring sky!;2020-02-08 05:51:00;4 minutes;Lights in the early moring sky! I went out to get some firewood for the wood stove.  I just so happened to look up and I saw a line of lights going across the night sky.  There were about three at first, but then more appeared and then went out of sight.  All traveling in a straight and perfect line.  I tried to record them with my smartphone, but that didn't work at all.  I thought they were satellites at first, but I have NEVER seen that many all at once before.  If anyone else has seen this please say something!;39.1592;-123.1963
