Large erratically moving object over Dana Point, CA;2012-06-14 20:15:00;25 minutes;Large erratically moving object over Dana Point, CA Spotted a large bright light out my driver’s side window while heading out of Dana Point, Ca, towards Interstate 5 on ramps.  It seemed to be turning towards me at the time and was at about my 10 o'clock.  The light it was emanating was reminiscent of the light from Venus in early morning.  My first reaction was that it was unusual but then I considered the possibility that it was a helicopter or airplane. It’s movements changed from stationary to large dramatic circular motions.  The light would also change from small (appeared to be 3 small lights) to one big wide and much brighter light.  I tried to find a good place to stop but could not so I hoped on the 5 north and pulled off on the next exit.  I watched it in my rear view mirror the whole time.  I pulled to the end of a dead end street and attempted to get some video of the object.  There was another person parked not far from where I stopped.  I watched it continue to bounce and dance in strange patterns with its ever changing brightness and altitude. I filmed with my camera phone zoomed in as far as it could go.  Unfortunately it does freeze several times but the movement is still apparent. I was approximately 1 mile north of where I first spotted it.  As I was heading back to my car the other car that was parked pulled up and the gentleman had a video camera.  He addressed me by saying, “ what the hell is that thing?”   I told him I didn't know but that I thought it almost looked like a kite with lights attached.  He pointed out that it was really large as it was clearly viewable from over a mile away.  He said he was heading south to attempt to get a better view. I did the same and got on the 5 south back towards Dana Point.  I watched it carefully and its movement became incredibly dramatic with major altitude and brightness shifts.  It made a sudden drop in altitude and I lost sight of it behind a concrete wall on the freeway just before I was exiting.  It did not reappear.;33.4769;-117.7013
