I sent a message one week ago and this is really from someone I know who also says she saw the same foo fighter in the sky over Dana Po;2008-11-08 14:00:00;30sec;I sent a message one week ago and this is really from someone I know who also says she saw the same foo fighter in the sky over Dana Point jus before I saw one over San Clemente. She say the same thing occured at just about the same time. She saw the same Orange ball but moving south and alone. I think it is interesting that a few days later a similar sighting was seen in Mexico. If trends continue, Brazil should get some new sightings very soon. Please, check it out. I think there is a pattern to these things. I could be wrong but maybe now there is a pattern to them as far as they are watching. Maybe you can have a rough estimate as to where they show up next.Please understand that I am a multiple college degree person and I do know the difference between objects. I was once on highway 395 and in a second I knew a plane was a steath bomber. While I can't explain what I saw at times, it was not from here. I am one more testimony and for the doubtful, I can only say keep watching the skies. You may, if lucky, experience something you cannot explain. I consider it a gift. Good luck,  Me.;33.4769;-117.7013
Two Bright Yellow/Gold Lights.;2010-08-18 20:00:00;1 Minute;Two Bright Yellow/Gold Lights. My boyfriend saw them first then I saw them.  He had me stop the car.  When we saw them we got out of the car and we were just staring at them and trying to figure out what they were.  There were two really big like the size of a spot light they were bright yellow/gold lights flickering.  One was on top of the other.  The bottom one was a bit off set from the top one.  They were not moving at at all.  The top light started to slowly fade.  A few seconds later the bottom one faded out too.  The both just faded into the dark sky. My boyfriend is a photographer and I am a legal assistant.;33.4769;-117.7013
Multiple Orbs seen heading south along pacific ocean.;2014-08-23 10:15:00;1-2 minutes;Multiple Orbs seen heading south along pacific ocean. At approximately 10:15pm on August 23, 2014, my husband and I were docking our sailboat in Dana Point Harbor our boat slips faces west towards the ocean.  A friend of ours walked up and we were chatting for a bit and then he noticed something in the sky and pointed upward (west direction) and asked: What is that?  We immediately looked up and saw approximately 25-30 orbs glowing white/orange orbs flying south along the coast.  They were not planes or Chinese lanterns!  Some of the orbs were darting around (going left and right), but still heading south.  Then suddenly, one orb darted up towards the sky.  It looked like a shooting star, but it was backwards, since it shot up towards the starts.  Seconds later a second orb shot out in the same direction.   The remaining orbs continued south and then split into two directions and alleviated into the sky so high they looked like stars in the distance.   A few seconds later, a plane flew by.  It was at the exact same elevation as the orbs originally were.     We were so flabbergasted and my husband immediately started shouting out to other boaters if they saw what we did.  My husband found another witness who was also astonished and could not account for what had transpired.  My husband asked for his name and number, but he refused.;33.4769;-117.7013
Red light stops in mid air then shoots straight up at a speed of thousands of miles per hour.;2017-10-17 20:30:00;10 minutes;Red light stops in mid air then shoots straight up at a speed of thousands of miles per hour. I was sitting outside in the backyard in the open.  I was talking on the phone and looking up in distance I see a red light, it was only like a dot in the sky but it was not flashing.  I figured it was an airplane because it was going about as fast as a regular airplane would go.  So, didn't pay too much attention until about a few minutes later when I looked up again to see the UFO stopping in mid air.  I almost could not believe what I was seeing.  There is no plane I know of that just stops in mid air.  That lasted for another minute or two and then, unexpectedly the UFO shot straight up at a speed of thousands of miles per hour.  I haven't really told anyone because I know how most people think.  More people will think I am making this up than not.  I am convinced that this has been happening for a very long time and the Truth MUST be told.;33.4769;-117.7013
2 bright orbs launched over sea from house overlooking Ocean Inst. in Dana Point.  ((NUFORC Note:  Rocket launch from Vandenberg.  PD));2017-12-22 17:00:00;20 minutes;two bright orbs launched over sea from house overlooking Ocean Institute in Dana Point. Someone shot or launched two rockets or orbs from a house over looking the ocean institute in Dana Point north of Doheny.  From this house on top of the cliffs overlooking the parking lot there was a noise and smoke then a flying object flew slowily out to sea very high in the sky.  This object had only two beacons of light pointing back behind it at the house and smoke it left as it flew over the ocean.  Another object followed it quite a ways behind it then went more north over the ocean.  It was a glowing orb more orange and not as bright.  It grew dimer and fell as the other orb continued at a slightly more southern angle and flew over the sea and disappeared into the atmosphere. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch from Vandenberg AFB.  PD));33.4769;-117.7013
