It was a bright amber to reddish in color, it moved straight up and down and sideways and hovered around in the Northwest sky.;2005-12-08 03:45:00;1/2 hour;It was a bright amber to reddish in color, it moved straight up and down and sideways and hovered around in the Northwest sky. I sighted it out the back window of our home in the country.  At first I thought it was a planet or a star. But, it had an amber color to it and it moved straight up and down and sidways and around.  It was off in the Northwest sky.  More west than north of our place.  I wanted to go wake my husband, but I was also afraid it would disappear while I was gone.  Plus, it takes him awhile to become alert when he first wakes up, so I left him alone and watched it by myself.  I then tried to explain it away that it was the Air Force doing maneuvers with one of those aircraft that can take off straight up and go sideways.  However, this object did it so swiftly and sharply that I didn't think it could have been one of those.  I had seen them at the EAA convention in Oshkosh, WI. I could tell the distance it moved by the windowsill I was watching it out of. Plus, our neighbors behind us aways, have a yard light. It started over one yard light and by the time it faded into the distance it was practically over the other neighbors yardlight. I am a Midwest housewife, who really didn't believe in these sort of things. But, I saw for myself tonight,unless someone has an explaination for me.  I didn't know what to do at first.  I thought of calling the police, the local TV weather meterologist etc.. I had gotten up because I couldn't sleep and then decided to come into the computer room to work on the computer for awhile.  But, before I could turn the light on in the room, I noticed this bright thing off to the northwest looking out the window in the room.  Like I stated it was amber in color or reddish and then became bright white at times. It also appeared as if there were sparks coming off of it. I watched it dip straight down, move sidways, go straight up and hover around in a oval circle. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that the possibility the witness may have been looking at a celestial body, I.e. a star or planet, would have to be ruled out, before we could conclude that she was looking at a genuine UFO.  Mars, which is quite prominent in the night sky, may have been in the western sky, at the time indicated by the witness, but that possibility is mere surmise, on our part.  PD));44.1959;-88.692
