Strobe flashes from an intermittently blinking light in the northwest night sky;2017-08-19 19:00:00;3-7 minutes;Strobe flashes from an intermittently blinking light in the northwest night sky UFO Report  August 19, 2017  7pm    While listening to Coast to Coast podcast on August 19th for the August 17th broadcast, my attention was arrested when you mentioned the Turkey sighting on August 12.  First, because my husband and I had traveled to Turkey in early 2016 for a tour of the early Christian churches.  The second reason the report grabbed my attention was because I think I saw a very similar flickering light around the same timeframe - only I live north east of Cincinnati, Ohio. My husband was out of town the nights of August 9th and 10th.  We usually stargaze together so I rarely go out without him but because the night was clear (not sure which of the two nights)  I stepped out onto the deck for a few moments to look up.  It was likely around 11pm as well… I knew I should have documented it because it was so odd, but not drastic enough to think it was report worthy. I was only going to take a quick look because being outside alone is a bit creepy but a bright flash similar to what the Turkish man described caught my eye.  This single flash was strobe-like in intensity and hit my peripheral vision.  My father, a naval photographer, taught me to look above a light in the night sky to see it better.  When I did that I located a slow blinking light in the North-West sky similar to the Turkish man. As I watched the slow blinking object, I discerned it was not moving much… maybe a tiny bit to the left. It definitely was not moving as fast as other objects my husband and I have seen.  Over the years multitudes of red blinking lights have been observed and sometimes are close enough to see a white or green light …we have assumed they are planes or drones… they are all silent. But this light, also silent, was different because of the strobe effect that happened one more time when I was about to turn away and go inside. Studying it again, I realized it was definitely not moving and so I began counting seconds between blinks.  Sometimes it was three seconds, other times it was five and once I counted seven seconds.  This was definitely an interesting phenomenon.  I wondered if it was a planet, star or meteor that was so far away the atmosphere may have obscured its light intermittently. It was notable enough for me to tell my husband when he returned home.  I wished he had witnessed it too because I was second-guessing the strobe effect that happened twice.  But when I heard the report from Turkey, I knew it wasn’t my imagination.  I suspect we saw the same thing… but probably on different nights. Thanks for your reports on Coast to Coast.  It’s interesting to hear what other people are seeing. My husband and I are age 55, college graduates and entrepreneurs.  We don’t believe in aliens from other planets.  We believe there are government black op programs and entities from other dimensions.  We have no desire to make contact with these entities, but recognize we  have authority over them through faith in Jesus Christ.  So no fear, worry or concerns… just reporting a curiosity in the night sky.  Bless you!;39.5107;-84.7427
