Waiting at a bus stop, a lot of strange stuff happened only a minute before witnessing an object I will NEVER forget!;2011-05-15 09:00:00;5 to 8 minutes;Waiting at a bus stop, a lot of strange stuff happened only a minute before witnessing an object I will NEVER forget! I had gone to the library after school and spent a few hours there.  After I missed the bus, I sat by the bus stop for the next one.  About 20 minutes after I got to the stop, two of the street lights flickered slightly and one burnt out, I figured it was just a little strange but something that could still happen.   Only a minute or so later, a passing car had to stop from a sudden battery blow out.  I thought again that this was weird, but I tried not to think much of it.  To pass time, I looked at the sky to find some constellations which takes some time, I thought the bus would come when I found a few, but instead of stars, my eyes were directed at a triangular shape making absolutely no noise.  It was made of three yellow lights, one at the top, one on the bottom left, and one on the bottom right.  I heard the person in the broken down car say what the hell is that? and I figured they were looking at it too but I didn't check.  I stared at it until it ! was out of sight, it moved slowly so that took about 2 minutes.  In that time, I noticed the lights were changing once in a while from yellow to blue, then to red.  Once it was out of sight, I saw about 7 of what looked very much like planes flying together, but of course spaced out, towards the direction the object had gone.  When the planes were gone, I looked around to see if the person in the car had seen what I saw, but they were gone along with the car, and somehow the broken light had turned back on.  That freaked me out, mostly because no one was around to fix the light (no one can fix a light in that little time anyways) and no one gave the car a jump.  I didn't even hear it start. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.6914394265233;-89.0442311827958
