Possible viewing of star-field cloaking in use.;2011-07-19 01:10:00;30+ minutes;Possible viewing of star-field cloaking in use. I am a 44 year old female. I have attended several years of college, but received no degree. I receive SSDI and do part-time care for an elderly shut-in woman.  This is my report of something I witnessed from the back door of my home. It was the middle of July, 2011.  I had been quite sad and frustrated and was home alone crying.  It was a nice night so I had the back door of my trailer open for fresh air. The door faces west and I have a wide viewing of the night sky there.  I also live a ways out of town so there isn’t much light interference. It was between 1 and 1:15 a.m. when I got up and stood in the doorway, leaning against the door jam.  My cat came outside and sat on the porch. I cried and started staring at the stars. It struck me that they didn’t look quite right, but was very self-oriented and didn’t think twice of it.  After about 10 minutes, I had stopped crying and was again staring at the stars.  A weird movement to the left of my peripheral vision caught my attention.  I couldn’t see anything, so again I dismissed it and thought that my eyes were just blurry from having cried. I went to get a cigarette about 1:45 then went back to the door jam and watched the stars again.  That’s when I saw a strange sort of wave in the sky almost due west. It was like seeing 2 or 3 quick water ripples.  I thought I was seeing things so I looked closer at that area of the sky.  I know the basic pattern of the stars I can usually see and the ones I did see didn’t look right.  They were in more of a grid pattern, all seemed to be the same brightness, and they didn’t seem to twinkle.  I suddenly had an overpowering, anxious, panicky feeling that I was being watched.  I looked around at the neighbors trailers, but there wasn’t anyone outside or in any window that faced me.  I then felt a strange electric sensation that made the hair on my arms and scalp stand on end and my fingertips tingle.  My cat got up and quickly ran in the house. I looked up again and was watching this grid pattern. It was if I was transfixed.  I couldn’t look away and I felt as if I was in slow motion.  I don’t know how long I stared. Then, I can’t say that there was a definite shape to the area, but the stars I was looking at started to shift like they were all slowly moving in unison.  It wasn’t a big shift, but it definitely was between 15 and 20 degrees.  It took 20 to 30 seconds to complete the rotation.  When they stopped, my field of view of the sky seemed to look closer to the normal constellations I see and the grid pattern was less pronounced. I stepped out onto the porch to see more sky and tried to see if the area had a shape I could see. I couldn’t find any edges or darker, shadowed lines. Again, I felt the electric sensation and the tingling. I remember looking down and blinking several times and shaking off the sensations. When I looked up again, the stars looked normal and I could also see the lights of an east bound ! jetliner high in the sky. I remember having the distinctly clear thought “Go inside. Shut the door. Sit and watch some TV. No one will believe you.” It was like someone had told me this because I heard it in my mind. I blankly did such. It was going on 4 when I realized that I had been sitting on the end of the bed staring at the TV instead of in the middle where I usually sat. It wasn’t until then that I even thought of the strange things I had seen. Initially, I thought the unusual stars were more along the lines of government “Star Wars” satellites.  That would explain why they were all the same brightness and in a grid.  I recalled that when I had first gone to the door, there was the noise of frogs and crickets, but after feeling like I was watched, I don’t remember hearing anything.  I never heard a sound like an engine or felt any extra air motion aside from the gentle breeze that had been blowing.  I thought that I had just been lucky enough to see the distant satellites change formation in order to do whatever “spying” or weapon exercises they did.  It wasn’t until March of 2014 that I heard of “star-field cloaking” that some UFO’s have been reported as using.  Now, I question if it wasn’t something like that that I witnessed.;42.6914394265233;-89.0442311827958
Extremely fast star like object vertically descending night sky turns red.;2012-06-10 03:15:00;1 minute;Extremely fast star like object vertically descending night sky turns red. At around 3:15 a.m, I saw a star-like object vertically descending through the sky at extremely fast speeds comparative to its, small star like spec appearance.   As it got closer to the ground it turned a very bright vibrant red color.  The object continued downward, although I lost sight shortly after it turned red.;42.6914394265233;-89.0442311827958
Bright flashing lights in the sky flashing multiple colors like a strobe like it hurt my eyes looking at it was very far away remained;2014-10-18 02:00:00;10 minutes;Bright flashing lights in the sky flashing multiple colors like a strobe like it hurt my eyes looking at it was very far away remained stationary when i went inside to get others to see it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.6914394265233;-89.0442311827958
