Bright white object moves erratically and at high-speed before disappearing.;2017-12-06 23:15:00;45 seconds;Bright white object moves erratically and at high-speed before disappearing. I was in attendance with fiends at a private function in Miami the evening of December 6.  I was aboard the Nobel House, a 50 meter yacht hired for the event celebrating Miami Art Basel. At approximate 11:00 - 11:30 PM I was on the third deck of the yacht and noted what I thought would be terrific photo of an American flag atop the harbormaster’s office.  I raised my phone to take a few photos of the flag.  I noticed in my phone a white object in the distance that was moving both quickly and abruptly.  I was puzzled because I could not see the light when looking into the sky directly, but could only evidence it looking through my iPhone. I decided to videotape what to me was stunningly strange event.  With the surreal party music from the event behind me, and the object far ahead in the distance I captured approximately 10-15 seconds of the moving object before it shot off into darkness. Feeling somewhat overwhelmed by the visual experience, I shared my phone with two friends-both accomplished pilots of many years.  Both pilots shared my surprise and uncertainty, and had no explanation of the nature of the sighting. The only comment that was additive to the experience was from one friend who said, when observing my video, that the light appeared very far off in the distance.  It certainly seemed that way to me. CNN aired a report tonight speaking to new revelations about a government program researching UFOs.  Watching the report, I went back to my video and then, for the first time, went to my still photo of the object.  When I enhance the photo on the screen of my phone, it appears as if it’s a rounded diamond shape, with light emoting around it -similar, say, to a high school science book’s rendition of a neutron, only instead of a circle in the center this looked more diamond-esq. I have no idea if this was a byproduct of my phone’s lense system, but there seems to be no immediate plausible explanation given my phone (a new iPhone 8) operates perfectly, and the experience hasn’t replicated itself. What’s most interesting to me about the whole bit, is that I couldn’t see the light when looking into the sky.  It was only through the lens of my cell phone. I’m a liberal arts major, not a science or math guy-so I have no idea what this was and look forward to any thoughts or observations that you might provide.;25.8052263565891;-80.1458798449613
