3 grey object, ovale shape, pulsating;1999-07-31 07:05:00;15 minutes;3 grey object, ovale shape, pulsating My name is ((name deleted)), I am a 27 years old ((deleted)) salesman from France and I was in Miami for business. I would like to add that i've got valuable knowledge when it comes to aircrafts and i am involved in astronomy as an amateur for asteroids detection. I remember that clear morning on the beach around 20th street, my friends and I  were swimming in the warm water of the Atlantic ocean. It must have been 7:00 (sun was already up) when I noticed 2 objets south of us and parallel to the beach. They were flying in  military formation so I told my friend that this could be 2 helicopters flying towards us from south to north. About 5 minutes later I looked again and told my friend that they wey flying super slow at a low altitude( less than 3.000 feet compared to the hotels) And that's when I noticed that they weren't helicopters but grey and ovale objects. That's when I started to get excited and looked at my watch, it was 7:05 am. A few moments later I told my other friends who were in the Ocean but they said it was some birds and kept on playing in the water. My friend and I kept on sterring at the objets as they were getting closer. Let's say it took them almost 10 minutes to go from the southern tip of South Beach to approximatively 10th street. At the closest point we saw them they were still at the same altitude and we could almost see a pulse or a vibration from left to right and back and up. (Please excuse my English) We saw no strobe lights or id number. At that point my eyes started to be tired from sterring and I had to look somewhere else for a few seconds. Then 7:10, both objets caught up altitude  heading east toward the horizon and stopped in mid-air (I couldn't say how high) I was pretty hard to see them but I used a boat that was right below to find them when my eyes would loose them. That's when one of my friends said that he could see a third one at a higher altitude coming from the south. This third object stopped as well but at a higher altitude. They kept steady for 5 minutes. Then at 7:15, they disappeared in one snap, leaving no sound, no trail. Since that day, I think about it everyday (almost) and I know i wasn't the only one to see it. I believe in God and I am looking for the truth. ((name deleted));25.8052263565891;-80.1458798449613
