Two bright lights oberserved for two hours in the northern sky above Mount Clemens, MI.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus and Jupiter.  PD));2004-11-05 06:00:00;continuous;Two bright lights oberserved for two hours in the northern sky above Mount Clemens, Michigan, outside of Detroit. I observed two lights that appeared to be stars upon first glance, but after closer and longer inspection I came to the conclusion that the two lights were far to bright and also to large to be typical stars.  The lights came to my attention as I was exiting my driveway at around 4:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time, although, I simply disregarded their existance at first as the area that I was viewing them was just 3 miles away from Selfridge Air National Guard Base and to have planes and various other aircraft fly over and around this area are typical on any given day.  I proceeded to drive to a local cafe which had a drive through window and continued to notice the two lights that were fixed in the northern sky. The food order that I had placed took a considerable amount of time (about thirty min.), and I became to be interested when I noticed that these lights could not have been from aircraft as they had stood completely still for slightly more then a half hour. After I collected by food I intentionally drove to a dark secluded parking lot in Harrison Township which is just outside of my mount clemens where I had initially observed the lights, and I parked and gave careful consideration to their continued existance.  Upon closer observation and comparision to various stars that appeared in the same area as these lights I could see that ALL of the stars that were in the sky were so lacking in their brightness in comparision to the lights that I had now been observing for an hour that there was no way that they were anything except that of being man made in their nature.  After about two hours of careful observation the lights still remained in exactly the same location as when I first observed them, fixed very high into the northern sky. After the two hours of my time had passed, I tired and retreated for the night, last viewing the lights at around six a.m. eastern standard time. Bio of the observer:  The observer who relayed the above account is ((personal information deleted.  Source is experienced in the field of art.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Venus and Jupiter.  PD));42.5956;-82.8772
