Two extremely fast moving lights spotted in Virginia.;2008-10-07 20:30:00;1-2 Minutes;Two extremely fast moving lights spotted in Virginia. Hello, I am reporting a series of lights my wife and I saw in the Gainesville/Haymarket Va area. Between 8:00-8:30pm my wife and I were traveling in our car near the Gainesville/Haymarket Virginia area when she said LOOK,what in the world is that,look how fast it's moving I stopped the car, look out her window and saw an extremely fast moving light heading west. We didn't hear any sound and the light was a interesting one. I can only describe it as a circle with a reddish light on the bottom that slowly glowed brighter as the light sped away in a westerly direction. The light was moving at such speeds it's hard to describe it accurately. I estimate it at approximately 100 feet off the ground and covering 10-15 miles in just seconds, I would assume there has to be regulations against such speeds at these lower levels. The light was moving from east to west and in a flash it was out of sight over the Bull Run mountains. If that wasn't enough excitement for one night we encountered another light just minutes after seeing the first. As we proceeded on from the first sighting, approx 3-5 miles, heading toward the Manassas Battlefield, we encountered another light. This light was also moving east to west but was neon green in color and noticeably much smaller. The light was also close to the ground, it couldn't have been higher than 100 feet and again moving at a speed faster than anything I have ever seen. As with the earlier light, it was headed toward the Bull Run Mountains and in a flash it was gone. I am a avid astronomer and know this wasn't a Meteor or any other type of natural light phenomena. I am also a very practical person but I quite can't wrap my head around what this was. I wanted to report this to you in hopes maybe someone else in the area saw the same thing we did. Thanks ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  Witness describes self as having a great deal of experience at viewing the night sky.  Also, is an academician.  PD));38.8184000000001;-77.6202000000001
16 orange fireballs of light seen on Christmas Eve, 2010.;2010-12-24 19:30:00;15 minutes;16 orange fireballs of light seen on Christmas Eve, 2010. December 24, 2010       Approximately 7:30 PM    Gainesville, VA. My husband and I were watching TV in our living room, that is in the east part of the house, when he saw some very strange orange lights coming into view through the window.  He ran outside, yelled at me to come out on the deck, and I ran to join him, along with our seven year old daughter. Up in the eastern sky were small, orange spheres of light, silently  and slowly flying to the west.  Each one (we counted 16 in all) was perfectly and evenly spaced from the others, glowing a bright orange, and each one banked to the north at the exact same point in the sky.  The night was completely still, cold, no wind, and as far as we know, there were no other witnesses, even though we live in a highly populated suburb. My husband, an aerospace engineer/physicist, ran inside to grab a pair of binoculars to get a better look at them.  At first he thought they were Chinese lanterns, but upon closer examination with the field glasses, he could ascertain no form, no type of material whatsoever, in their makeup.  They appeared to be made of light.  Also, they did not vary in altitude or waiver in any direction, as might be the case if there had been a current of wind that could affect them. They were completely silent, and really beautiful to watch.  I am not a good judge of altitude, unfortunately, but I would estimate that they were about a thousand feet up, and at that height, appeared to about the size of a basketball in the sky.  They came in groups of two, then four, but all precisely spaced apart.  We saw 16 in all, but I suspect that we had missed the first groupings. Our seven year old was entranced by them, and yelled her opinion of the event with great awe:  Santa Claus!!;38.8184000000001;-77.6202000000001
A very bright light in the sky that slows itself before speeding back up.;2015-12-03 17:40:00;2 seconds;A very bright light in the sky that slows itself before speeding back up. I was out with a few friends in two different cars.  We were going to another mutual friends house for a good time. our two cars pulled into our local safeway grocery store to grab some drinks.  I myself walked in as did my friend who was driving me, as we were walking back to the car we realized our other friends in their car had already gone to the house.  As we were pulling out of the parking lot i was looking toward the sky as i do often and i see a very bright light moving very fast then slowed and sped back up.  It stayed in a straight path type direction meaning it did not change direction, for a split second i thought it was a shooting star but how it slowed and sped up again baffled me.  I wasn't sure what i had just seen but i knew it was not normal.  We arrive at our friends house who lives just a mile or so from the store as soon as we walk in his door our other friends were excited and asked is we saw that U.F.O.?  We discussed what it could of been we mentioned a satellite, or a missile. None of them seemed logical tho it was very, very bright and how it slowed itself momentarily before zooming off again.  I posted on Facebook about it and to my surprise nobody else seems to see it, i was also surprised to not see a post on here.  I however thought it was worth reporting, it was very exciting to witness!;38.8184000000001;-77.6202000000001
