High, bright small light heading W/NW;2008-07-18 21:45:00;3 minutes;High, bright small light heading W/NW While out on our backyard deck enjoying the evening and looking for fireflies, my wife spotted a very high, very bright light almost overhead, approaching from the West-to-SouthWest direction and approximately 10:00 high in the direction, which is blocked by trees any lower than that.  As we watched it travel almost directly overhead toward the East-to-NorthEast direction, we both noticed very clearly that there were no navigation or strobe lights on it as are always on aircraft.  Sky conditions: It is a very clear night tonight but with considerable light pollution in our area so very few stars are visible. The moon is only about 10-15 degrees above the horizon in the South-Southeast, and above and to the right of that is a bright star which may be Saturn (we're not astronomers, but a neighbor had been talking about viewing it with his telescope and it seems to be about in the right direction and time).  We would estimate the brightness of the light to be approximately 2-3 times greater than that of Saturn (or whatever that brightest star is in the S-SE) with a great deal of clarity and precision to the light, a very bright, pinpoint-like light.  While it very well could be a satellite or the ISS or something else, we felt it worth mentioning here because of two primary reasons:  1)  Complete lack of normal NAV lights or beacons per a standard aircraft configuration.  Only a very bright light, and we noted as it traveled away from us that they also couldn't be landing lights, since it was as bright going away from us as it was overhead.  2)  Apparent speed:  Altitude is almost impossible to guess at here since there was nothing to give away the size...again, it could have been at a normal-high altitude (10K ft. or higher) or in low orbit like a satellite or the ISS.  The only clue to altitude was any sound, and there was none, which gave the impression of a very high altitude (20-30K minimum).  With that altitude, the speed just simply didn't seem right it was traveling at least twice, if not three times, as fast as any comparable commercial jet that we normally see at that altitude.  Since these two things made it very unusual, we watched it travel the complete distance almost to the low horizon in the distance before it was out of sight.  That took only about 2 to 3 minutes maximum - again, much quicker than the usual commercial or military jet.  It did not change course at any time, altitude did not seem to vary either.  We're mentioning it here primarily for the interest of correlating it with any other sightings tat may coincide, or to see if possibly the ISS or a satellite is the reason.  Background:  Wife and I don't drink, don't do any recreational drugs, not UFO-holics, married 18 wonderful years, in our late-40's / early 50's, wear corrective lenses (glasses for her, contact lenses for me), no regular medications and in good physical and mental health (knock on wood), she is a lab technician and I am an engineer with a lifelong interest in aviation and a few hours towards my private pilot's license, essentially a wanna-be pilot and airplane geek, so have a very fair degree of experience in observing and identifying a very large number of aircraft at different altitudes, positions, and sky/weather conditions.;38.8184000000001;-77.6202000000001
Bright Blue Fluorescent Light Seen in Virginia Outside Washington DC;2008-10-12 23:00:00;5 minutes;Bright Blue Fluorescent Light Seen in Virginia Outside Washington DC I am reporting a strange light my wife and I saw over Gainesville Va. While my wife and I were walking my dog I noticed a bright almost fluorescent Blue light stationary in the North Eastern sky. After a few minutes of observing the object, the light started to move. The light quickly picked up speed, abruptly slowed to a stop, starting moving again and than sped off to the South West at a tremendous pace. The blue color of this light is hard to describe, it was the strangest bright translucent fluorescent blue I have ever seen. I am baffled at what this object was. Thanks;38.8184000000001;-77.6202000000001
Spectacular Lights seen to separate in Virginia outside Washington DC;2009-01-03 19:00:00;15 minutes;Spectacular Lights seen to separate in Virginia outside Washington DC At approximately 7:00pm on Saturday January 3 2009 my wife and I went into our backyard to walk our dogs.  We were in the backyard for a few minutes when I saw a bright light that seemed stationary in the Northeast sky.  I pointed the light out to my wife and than noticed it was slightly moving from north to south.  We live 40 miles outside Washington DC, near Dulles airport, so we do see a lot of airplane traffic.  I started to think we must be looking at a slow moving airplane.  As the light got closer I noticed there wasn't any blinking lights and this light was not acting like a conventional aircraft.  The light would slowly move than stop and stay stationary for several minutes than would start moving again.  While we watched the light I told my wife to stay and watch so I can go inside to grab the camera.  I ran into the house, grabbed the camera and opened the back sliding glass door. Just as I started filming the light was just making it over my house, I told my wife to meet me in the front yard. As I ran to the front yard and met my wife I again started filming the light, at this point it was slowly flying above Orion, which was just rising in the east. This is when the unbelievable happened. Just as the light was above Orions belt my wife said Look it's turning around I couldn't believe my eyes. The light was making a complete U-Turn. But even more spectacular, as the light made the U-Turn, another light continued moving south and stayed on the original path. What I'm trying to say is-the light we were originally watching turned into two separate lights. One made a complete 180 degree turn headed back north and was blue in color, the other light continued south. It seemed to me that these two lights were somehow together or connected and than separated. The light that U-Turned off the original light soon stopped and remained stationary for approximately five minutes as the other light continued south. Soon after the original light was out of sight the U-Turned light started moving ag! ain towa rds the north until it was out of sight. During this sighting my neighbor was also walking his dog, he saw my wife and I and was also able to see the two lights after they separated. This was our sighting. I really hope someone else saw what we did.  Thanks;38.8184000000001;-77.6202000000001
A light above my house took some of my roof and a file on my computer with UFO pictures.;2009-06-01 01:30:00;about a minute;A light above my house took some of my roof and a file on my computer with UFO pictures. On the night of june 1st, I was driving home late from work.  I got at my house at around 1:30 AM when i saw some sort of small light above my house,and it was shooting a yellowish lazor to my house.  It turned slightly, closed the lazor, and flew away. No one in the house was harmed.  The next morning, i went onto my roof to see if anything happened,and a small chunk of my roof was gone.  After i fixed it, i went onto my computer to see if this happened to anyone els, but it froze everytime the windows opened. Everything els was fine, and my neighbors who also had windows had no problum, so i called my comouter frend to fix it. When it was fixed, all the files i had were still there, exept for one with a bunch of UFO pictures. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.8184000000001;-77.6202000000001
Virginia UFO Flashes Back to Spectators;2009-06-14 23:00:00;10 Minutes;Virginia UFO Flashes Back to Spectators I'm not sure what has been going on in the Gainesville Virginia area or if you've received other sightings in the vicinity but I can tell you first hand that something is going on here. Being an Astronomer I often keep my eyes on the night time sky(with or without a telescope). Over the last couple weeks I've continued to notice multiple balls of lights rising in the Eastern horizon,the lights seem to be rising out of the Bull Run Battlefield in the Direction of Washington DC. These multiple lights will slowly rise than after a few minutes they would have risen so high you could know longer see them. I figured they were airplanes and since I couldn't get a closer look I wasn't convinced these lights were anything unusual and certainly not paranormal. That all changed last night when I was finally able to get a closer look at these amazing lights. My wife and I decided to take a walk since the temperature had cooled from the heat earlier in the day. Just as we got to the top of our neighborhood(an area that is very dark and gives you a excellent 360 degree view of the night time sky)we noticed a very bright amber light rising from the NE Horizon. The light raised straight up, I would estimate approximately 5,000 feet. When the light raised to the estimated 5,000 feet it stopped and remained stationary for several minutes.  The light then started drifting slowly towards the SW. Since it was dark we brought along with us a small flashlight. Coincidentally the flashlight had a small red laser light attached. As the light drifted and was now due East from us I got the laser light and flashed it a couple times towards this anomaly. This is still difficult to fully understand but as soon as I finished flashing the laser light the light in the sky stopped. It completely stopped and was just silently hovering due East from our position. I said to my wife you don't think the light stopped because I flashed the laser do you. As we stood their stunned and watching the light I decided to flash the laser a couple more times.  Any skepticism that I had prior to this sighting all ended when this light unbelievably flashed back at us in four bright intervals-Flash-Flash---Flash-Flash. Unable to believe my eyes I flashed my light again at the light.  At this point the brightness of the light which was still stationary started to dim to where we could barely see it. The light then started to move directly up and continued on this path until it was know longer visible. This was an unbelievable experience and one that will be with me for the rest of my life. Thank You;38.8184000000001;-77.6202000000001
Four silent, orange lights moving from SW to NE from horizon to horizon in about a minute.;2016-02-06 20:40:00;30  minutes;Four silent, orange lights moving from SW to NE from horizon to horizon in about a minute. I was walking the dog last night on the golf course and around 8:40pm noticed an orange light in the sky moving SW to NE.  Because I was on the golf course, I had a good unobstructed view from horizon to horizon.  I tried, but couldn't hear any sound from it. It had no green and red aircraft lights and no flashing lights, only an orange slightly pulsating light. It seemed very high in the sky and seemed to vanish into the horizon.  It took about a minute for it to travel from one horizon to the other.  I saw three other such lights, ending at about 9:10pm, about equally spaced in time.  My best guess is that they were some sort of rocket (?), but it seemed to move too slowly.  And it seemed too fast to be an air-breather.  Someone suggested it might be a high altitude weather balloon.;38.8184000000001;-77.6202000000001
