Strange object enters atmosphere above Montana causing earthquake when it struck the earth...;2007-05-06 09:45:00;5 minutes;Strange object enters atmosphere above Montana causing earthquake when it struck the earth... Watching a Meteor Enter the Earth’s Atmosphere While Drinking Coffee at Bernice’s Bakery  While sipping coffee outside my favorite coffee shop in Missoula, Montana, my friend said, “Look!  What is that?”  My eyes followed his pointed finger reaching east above the Hellgate Canyon.  In a joking manner he then asked, “Is that a black hole?  What could that be?”  I saw white lines cutting through the atmosphere in a parabolic shape.  The trail only lasted a few seconds before it completely vanished from the top down.   The trail was about two-thirds longer than the bottom portion and was most interesting to watch as it faded into nothing.  This thing appeared to be a very large object burning up while entering earth’s atmosphere.  We watched it with a few other onlookers until it disappeared behind Mt. Sentinel.   Comments were made in jest about a meteor.  It was too large to be an aircraft, but a meteor would have explained what we all witnessed.  The whole scene could have been extracted from a sci-fi movie with the exception that it was a warm morning and I could feel the sun warm my blood.  Remembering that I intentionally left my camera at a friend’s house the night before, I telephoned her immediately to see if she had seen the object too.  She didn’t answer.  My other friends and I parted ways noting how odd it was to have seen that occurrence in the sky.  Later in the afternoon, I heard a report about an earthquake measuring 4.8 on the Richter scale just east of Dillon, Montana.  Dillon is east and a bit south east of Missoula right above where the 'meteor' was entering the atmosphere.  http://earthquake.usgs.gov/eqcenter/recenteqsww/Quakes/us2007ccay.php  Excited and amazed, I immediately called my fellow observer who directed my attention towards the thing in the sky to learn that he had already heard the report and hesitated to call me for fear of sounding ridiculous.  We both concluded that the Tuesday morning’s earthquake was caused by whatever object we saw falling into our atmosphere and crashing into the earth.  This is the story of my Tuesday 8 May 2007 morning coffee at Bernice’s Bakery, while watching a meteor be pulled into the earth’s atmosphere and feeling its impact. ((NUFORC Note:  Meteors are not visible for 5 minutes.  PD));46.8754340000001;-114.033902222222
