A color changing circle with wavy edges and a beam coming out the bottom.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Sirius??  PD));2006-02-11 02:00:00;30 min.;A color changing circle with wavy edges and a beam coming out the bottom My fiance, brother and I had just finished watching a movie.   My fiance went to let the dog out one last time before bed and noticed an unusually bright star int he sky.  My brother and I came to look at it. We all noticed that it was flashing different colors (blue, red, yellow and white.  When I looked at it through my Dad's night vision binoculars I something amazing.  Though the binoculars, it looked like a circle with wavy edges and it was the edges that were changing colors.  There was also a soft colored beam coming down from the circle.   We were all very freaked out (becasue of all of the alien movies we've seen like War of the Worlds.   My fiance thought to check the sky on the other side of the house. The was another bright star in there too an it looked the same through the binoculars.  One of the shapes was in the SW sky, the other in the NE so that they were diagonal from each other across the sky.   We tried to get a hold of someone at the local radio station and we watched television for a while but we couldn't find an answer for what we were seeing.   I hope someone can tell us, because it was a beautiful thing to see but also VERY scarey.   The tragic part of the whole thing was that the battery on my video camera was dead.  I did record a few seconds of one of the objects with my regular digital camera, but the zoom isn't so great and all it looks like is a bright flashing ball. ((NUFORC Note:  Given the length of the sighting, and given the absence of other reports, we suspect that the possibility that the witnesses may have been looking at a celestial body, possibly Sirius, would have to be ruled out, before we could conclude that they were, in fact, observing a genuine UFO.  PD));46.8754340000001;-114.033902222222
Three lights in sky rapidly moving away from one another from a single point.;2016-07-21 23:00:00;2:00;Three lights in Sky rapidly moving away from one another from a single point. UFO sighting.  7-21-2016. 2300 hours MST.  Over Missoula, MT, looking south into a clear dark sky.  Clouds low on the horizon did not obstruct view. A single white star-looking light (non-blinking, high elevation) appeared to break apart into three separate non-blinking lights.  The lights rapidly, as of being repelled from one another, moved it three separate directions that originated from a single point in the sky. The brightest light was moving straight north.  The two other lights (both white) were moving in an almost 33° angle from one another.  One was heading south east the other in a south west direction.  They initially were moving at what appeared to be an extremely high rate of speed, but from my location they both appeared to slow over a 10 to 15 second time frame before becoming too faint to see.  There speed seemed to be equivalent to one another.  Perhaps the other two lights were jettisoned from the northbound light. The northbound light remained bright white (non-blinking) and appeared to keep a steady speed.  I watched it for almost 2 minutes before it was out of sight.  It clearly was moving much faster than other air traffic in the sky. I didn't hear any sounds.  I was out walking the dogs on a dark walking path in a non-illuminated area with an unobstructed view of the sky.;46.8754340000001;-114.033902222222
