red glow/flame over waxhaw, nc;2010-01-02 20:12:00;1 minute;red glow/flame over waxhaw, nc It was a round object glowing red, moving to the south.  It was too slow to be a meteor, and definitely was not a plane.  It moved from the north to south for approximately 30 seconds then simply disappeared.;34.9251000000003;-80.7278000000004
Multiple red/orange orbs hovering in sky, and an aircraft with orange triangle on bottom, and silent military helicopter spotted.;2013-09-04 08:45:00;40 minutes;Multiple red/orange orbs hovering in sky, and an aircraft with orange triangle on bottom, and silent military helicopter spotted On the night of Sept 4th, 2013 in Waxhaw, NC my husband rushed into the house from the garage telling me to come and take a look at something.  Once outside the front of our house he pointed to the sky and said  I just saw a big ball of light fly across the sky and there are still two more hovering there.  I looked and sure enough, there were two shimmering orbs and above those was a very bright colorful star.  The two orbs were reddish orange in color and were very bright.  They were right above the tree line on the horizon (one on top of the other), I estimate maybe around 20 miles away or closer.  I kept on comparing them to what I thought was this superbright star above both of them and was just in awe of how these orbs could be stationary, yet about 5 times bigger than this star and bright reddish orange.  Then slowly, the orb on the bottom of everything closet to the tree line started moving to the right (west)very quickly and was blinking blue and red.  If I hadn't just watched it be a big stationary orb for about 5 minutes, I would have thought it was a plane.  At this point my husband asked me to go inside because people would think we were crazy and we should just forget about it. So, I went inside, but of course had to check to see if there was anything in sky behind our house.  As I walked out the backdoor and got beyond our back porch there's a silent (I'm sure military) helicopter just above our house headed southwest towards where I saw the orb headed.  There were lights (regular spot light type lights) on the bottom of the helicopter and I could see the feet that the helicopter lands with, but couldn't hear a thing! Just a slight wooshing of air and that was it. I was amazed and ran inside to get my husband out of the garage to come and see-  In the approximately 5 seconds it took for us both to get outside in the back yard the helicopter was totally gone.  We stayed outside for about two minutes just talking about everything that was going on and all of the sudden above our heads there was an aircraft with a large orange/red triangle on the bottom, (the craft was about the size and shape of a really weird plane), a second mini triangle on the back of what looked like a tail end, and very plane like red and blue flashes on what we assume was the wing tips on each side of the large triangle. It was headed to the east. The opposite direction of where the helicopter was going.  We were really shocked and stood in the backyard talking about what could possibly going on... There are military drills around here a lot, so maybe this was a military drill? Maybe the military has developed orb and triangle lighted planes? We are on the brink of war with Syria, so who knows...  So then after about 4-5 minutes we go back to the front of the house.  Now there are heat lightning flashes to the east (I saw about 4) and the 2nd orb is moving straight upwards. Just going straight up in a line pretty slowly.  Then, it flashed and disappeared for a second, reappeared, and quickly moved west blinking like an airplane just like the other one did.  I went back inside to call it a night I clearly knew we weren't going to find out what these things were.  My husband stayed outside.  About 10 minutes later he comes running in the house telling me to come outside. I go outside and he tells me about a super fast white streak that blazed across the sky east to west, but it was now gone.  ALSO GONE IS THE HUGE STAR FROM EARLIER!! So, what I thought was a super bright star or planet that was having a good day, was not that at all. No more heat lightning either, everything was now totally calm and normal. What was all this?;34.9251000000003;-80.7278000000004
