Cone shaped objects with lighted tails observed in northeast;2001-07-27 22:58:00;1-2 minutes;Cone shaped objects with lighted tails observed in northeast My sighitng was on a clear July  nite. I was driving notrh(really slightly north-east) on Interstate 95, at exit 57 for Guilford, CT. I happened to look up as the approach to the exit was an upgrade, and I noticed activity in the sky.... several fast moving,cone-shaped objects sped in a northerly direction. These cone-shaped objects had a tail which was lighted...I can't recall a color, but it was a lighted trail. I also noticed in the same short period of time, after the 4 to 6 cones passed toward the north,I then saw 2 to 3 speeding in the southerly direction. The northely and southerly movement was separate... not at the same time, first to the north, then to the south. I did pull over to the roadside to have a better look, but unfortunately there was no more activity. I drove to my exit, # 58,and stopped at the ramp end and again looked skyward only to observe no further activity. As I drove home I tried to continue looking skyward while watching traffic. Nothing! When I reached home,I ran to the back yard to get a better view however, sadly,I saw nothing else. I did observe the Hale-Bop(sp?) Comet a few years ago and would say  these objects looked similar, but smaller and mover much faster through the sky. This activity all happened within 2-3 minutes...from 9:58 to 10:00PM. It was especially exciting as the sky was so incredibly clear. This is my first sighting of any unusual activity since the HB Comet.I am not an astromomer, but merely a constant observer who is fascinated with beautiful skys. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length via telephone with this witness, and we found her to be an exceptionally good witness.  She was careful to record the precise time and location of the sighting, as is evident from  her description above, we observe.  We would welcome any other reports from possible witnesses in this area.  PD));41.3148;-72.6994
