A triangle shaped UFO rose straight up in the air, nose up, then stopped, straighted out so the nose was pointing at us and flew away.;2004-01-06 20:40:00;5 minutes;A triangle shaped UFO rose straight up in the air, nose up, then stopped, straighted out so the nose was pointing at us and flew away. At about 8:40, my little sister told me to look outside. She said there was something in the air. So I went to the door and saw something rising straight up in the air. I could see blinking lights in the shape of a triangle. After a few minutes, it stopped mid-air. After sitting there for a couple seconds, I couldn't see the blinking lights any more and it began moving straight and then right over my house. The lights that were facing me when it was going straight up were now on the bottom of the UFO, so I believe the UFO was rising with the nose in the air. We watched it until it was out of sight. It was heading North West. Also, my dogs were freaking out the whole time it was near.;41.3148;-72.6994
Flying wing, low altitude, very little sound, no visible source of propulsion;2017-05-09 22:00:00;2 minutes;Flying wing, low altitude, very little sound, no visible source of propulsion Picture this, 10 at night in the middle of nowhere.  I see three bright lights almost hovering maybe 200 yds off the ground.  I literally stop my car and put down the window expecting to hear helicopter blades, but there's nothing.   Just as I stop, the lights start moving toward me, very slowly... still no sounds until it is right over me, that when I can hear a hum and whooshing...  I look up to see a wedge shape set of wings with various square areas underneath them, but NO fuselage... in fact it's more of a dent at the middle...  mind you there is no airport anywhere near me....  I cannot explain it… ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides high-quality video, which indicates three lights, oriented in a triangular pattern.  They are not inconsistent with the landing lights on the front of an airliner, although airliners usually have two lights, not three, we believe.  PD));41.3148;-72.6994
