No interaction, but eye contact made directly almost face to face with distinct humanoid figure with circular head.;1999-06-01 01:00:00;5 minutes;No interaction, but eye contact made directly almost face to face with distinct humanoid figure with circular head. I had awoken at probably midnight or 1:00 am.  I was unsure, but I had a strong feeling of something watching me, or similar.  I sit up, and in the window (which is on the second story of my house), there were two glowing greenish eyes.  The unidentified creature had a distinct humanoid head, with no ears, and almost no nose, but it was hidden almost.  I did not have any interactions with this figure, but I did make a distinct eye contact that I will never forget. I approached the window, then turned and walked out of my room and to the bathroom to make sure I wasn't asleep, and I was not. ((NUFORC Note:  Source indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.3148;-72.6994
Fast moving bright light that instantly disappeared with a trace.;2005-11-04 00:30:00;10 seconds;Fast moving bright light that instantly disappeared with a trace. I will state my background first-  I am a computer programmer with a relatively high IQ.  I am an active Private Pilot.  I live almost directly under the Madison, CT VOR navigation station.  Nightly, I watch helicopters, small planes, and airliners fly above my house.  All aircraft are required to have operating navigation lights, and anti-collision lights.  I can generally classify aircraft based on relative velocity, and the type of engine.  In the 40 degree weather we are having, even turbofan engines at 35,000 are clearly audible. The navigation lights are always visible, and at most angles, the anti-collison strobe can be seen.  There is no weather currently, and all stars and planets are extremely clear.  Tonight, as I stood on my deck, I witnessed an aircraft with only 1 VERY bright light that was moving quickly enough that the alitude would have to have been VERY low, or the velocity was extremely high.  This caught my attention.  It traced a path above my house in only a few seconds, when an airliner can take a minute.   The light distinguished ((sic--extinguished??)), and I waited for the engine noise, only none came- just total silence.   I could not see the shape, only a bright light.  There was no further sign of it.  It was visible for a few seconds as it appeared to come from over the horizon to about 70 degrees vertical above my house.  I was facing easterly, so the path was roughly south to north.  The light was far, far brighter than the landing lights, anti-collision lights, or navigation lights on any aircraft I have ever seen.  I have witnessed dozens of shooting stars over my house as recently as the shower this summer, and it did not, in any way resemble the intensity, path, or time that a meteor has.   The light extinguished instantly as if it was turned off, and did not appear to burn out as a meteor does. I don't know what else to say-   I am baffled enough to write this.  I hope someone else in Connecticut saw this event and may shed some light on it. ((NUFORC Note:  The ISS was not visible from Guilford on this date, at this time.  We do not know what the witness observed.  PD));41.3148;-72.6994
