Lights 6-8 going from right to left with whole object moving from right to left slowly in air (pretty wide object);2007-08-30 21:00:00;4min;Lights 6-8 going from right to left with whole object moving from right to left slowly in air (pretty wide object) As I was letting my dog out to use the bathroom, I looked up into the sky and noticed several flashing lights up in the sky across the field from my house over the treetops - my first thought was gee didn't realize there was a weather tower there before but then I quickly realized there were several lights 6-8 flashing going from right to left some white and red but didn't really concentrate on the color just kind of shocked then to see them, then I realized the whole thing (whatever it was) was slowly moving from right to left - which at that point I ran into the house and woke my husband up from bed and told him I saw something freaky in the sky (it took a little convincing to get him up) but when he did he came out onto the front porch and I pointed to where it was and he saw the lights too (at that point they were farther away yet) he said probably just a plane but then I said it couldn't be because it was so wide from where the lights started to where they ended and being THAT far away yet meant it had to be pretty good size.  At that point our daughter drove up and asked what we were staring at and I pointed to where we were looking to show her and she saw them as well (even yet farther away) which @ that point I'm pretty sure they were just white but the thing just kept moving away.  I didn't notice any sound or wind but there was a dog (not sure if it was the neighbors across the street or where) but it was making a weird noise kind of like(hard to describe)a whimper but a growl when I first was out with my dog honestly didnt notice if he stopped or not toward the end becasue I was just concentrating on the lights.  Didn't think to get my camera because we were just so shocked and dumbfounded to see what we were seeing.  I did call my police department just to see if anyone else had seen anything weird and they told me they hadn't heard anything yet.;43.6369;-88.7385
((HOAX??))  They were a red orange color they were flying in several different ways first I saw them in kind of a square formation.;2016-05-07 20:30:00;25 minutes;They were a red orange color they were flying in several different ways first I saw them in kind of a square formation moving slowly north of waupun and then in a slanted line I was working so I did not see them for to long but I saw the 15min after the first sighting still out there;43.6369;-88.7385
From the northeast side of the city, looking in the southern sky, a bright light appeared, like a star.But anyone could tell it wasn't;2016-07-09 21:00:00;2 hours;From the northeast side of the city, looking in the southern sky, a bright light appeared, like a star.But anyone could tell it wasn't a star, because it was moving closer and getting brighter.  It stopped, remained stationary, and was rotating. It moved to the west, and it looked like 2 other lights which were as faded as the stars, making a triangle shape, with the brighter light I watched with witnesses being at the top of this triangle shape in the sky.  Several times it flickered it's light in the sky. This light left at 11:29 p.m. in the southwest. The light got very faint til I could not see it anymore and the two other lights that formed the triangle were also gone.  This is not a hoax.  I have video.;43.6369;-88.7385
