I do not care what you do with this, there has to be an explanation.;2003-12-11 19:30:00;4 Minutes;I do not care what you do with this, there has to be an explanation. First, I am a skeptic I have given up on my childhood imagination to make things better than they appear.  Secondly, I punched in UFO on Google and this is where I am.  I am somewhat disturbed by what has happened last night and on the way into work this morning I still feel disturbed.  About 1930 hrs last night, I stepped out onto my back porch to check on the horses.  Coming out of my door, I immediately noticed a plane with red and blue lights on the wings and that it appeared rather low flying, since most planes are at cruising altitude around my place.  As I looked just to the right of the East bound aircraft, I noticed a huge white light traveling in a Southerly direction.  I said, “man these planes are going to collide,” I immediately yelled for my wife “come here now and quickly.”  As she came out the back door I said “what is that” she said “that is a plane”, I said “no” pointing straight up “that is a plane, with the red and blue lights on the wings” (this was the plane the object I thought was going to collide with as it was just about over the house now.)  She freaked!  I freaked and started shaking “no way, absolutely not.”  Ok, I was not disturbed by the fact of a white light traveling (reflection from the sun, etc…) I was disturbed buy the fact of its speed and its ability to stop on dime.  Now this stopping could be explained by my angle to this being about 50 degrees or so to me standing on the deck and could mean this object was climbing.  That it is explainable.  However, I know what is off that deck out over the area during the day as much as I do at night.  I am disturbed with the fact that as this object traveled and stopped traveled and stopped, traveled and stopped, it freaking disappeared!  It was gone!  Poof!  I am a professional and cannot go around blabbing this off that I saw something that cannot be explained.  I feel better now that I have described this as it defies everything I have ever thought physically and mechanically possible.  Do what you do with! this stuff – I do not care.  Thanks for listening.  One other thing is that shortly after that incident about 4 minutes or so, another plane was on the same path at about the same altitude.;38.8607;-105.3113
Flare of light in the night sky in Colorado.;2018-06-03 00:20:00;30 seconds;flare of light in the night sky in Colorado At approximately 12:20am on June 3, 2018, my partner and I were outside enjoying the night sky when we saw what appeared to be a meteor, except it kept flaring brightly as if it would if it were breaking apart, only there were no pieces breaking off and it would dim until almost completely out and then flare up again.   It traveled from west to east at a 45 degree angle towards the horizon.  We lost sight of it behind a tree after about 30 seconds or so.;38.8607;-105.3113
