we saw two golden colored stars stream acrossed the night sky side by side in unison. one went up, the other changed course to follow .;2008-07-25 01:15:00;15 seconds;we saw two golden colored stars stream acrossed the night sky side by side in unison. one went up, the other changed course to follow . it appeared to be two golden colored stars moving side by side of each other. they were fast and out of allignment with the dark canvas of stars above them. me and my sister were night swimming and looking for shooting stars when for a moment it looked like the sky was moving fast over us, i stood up in the water mouth agape and my sister was just as astonished,we could not hear a thing. we watched the two cratfs or brightly colored stars move over head it only lasted about 15 seconds, and one flew up and out. the other changed its flight path to manuver directly behind the first and that one to went upwards and dissappeared.we were determined to stick around and rationalize what we had experienced, even though we were cold submerged in water up to our necks. decided to go inside excited thinking know one would believe us in a million years. as we were getting out of the pool and heading into the house there was a helicopter flying around my house and backyard for a good 20 minutes. it was an experience to remember and i thought we would never see anything again. but before this occurance i thought ufo sightings were for lonely souls and hicks who have nothing better to do with there time i was surely mistaken. i have dedicated many hours looking and watching the night sky and have seen unusual things to say the least. i live between JFK and laguardia airport and know what plains look like landing, taking off, etc. all i can say is i am awestruck as to whats going on by just looking up and taking notice. i dont want to sound crazy but i have whitnessed strange sightings along with my sister,boyfriend, and friends. low lying stars to reddish orange lights appearing out of the clear night sky. plains flying OVER these stationary stars. but i convey to you i am not reaching. i have just taken notice and my eyes are wide open. i hope others will take notice as well and this secret conspiracy will know longer go on. and we could awake from this slumber due to the day to day grind of things. t! hats all i have to say about that. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.7651307692308;-73.7701230769231
