Triangles searching with light. 46yard sphere comes along and beams down at   triangles, Then they r gone..;2005-08-10 01:00:00;about 1 hour;Triangles searching with light. 46yard sphere comes along and beams down at   triangles, Then they r gone.. Well the first thing i noticed was a green light coming through my window. Thats when i seen 3 triangle shaped ...Things in the sky. At first they looked like a plane ( i wear glasses) but i thought why would 3 planes stay together? I got my glasses and I looked out the window. There was a bright green flash.It started to hover over the houses. I thought i was having a dream. So i went back to sleep. Then later I heard the sound of the triangles before.Then a green light.So i went over to my camera and took some photos.Thats when i noticed something under the ship that was the source of the light. I seen it moving toward my friends house. Then it switched to my house then it went away for like 20 min.Later I heard the noise again thats when i seen a bigger shape. A sphere in the air! It was like 46 yards long. then it beamed down at the triangles. Then the dissapeared. Thats all I remember.;40.7651307692308;-73.7701230769231
1 white light  underbelly has 3 lights? v shape,1 red light following moving very very fast;2007-09-25 22:15:00;1-2 minutes;1 white light  underbelly has 3 lights? v shape,1 red light following moving very very fast On Tuesday night at about 22:15 hrs. I was just pulling up into my driveway and got out of my car. I have a habit of looking  up at the sky all the time and did so as I was walking toward my front door. I live near an airport so Im used to seeing planes coming in for a landing and also going by after a takeoff. I was looking east and was watching a passenger jet going by and above to the right of the plane was a bright light. The plane was at about 11:oclock and the bright light at about 1:oclock but higher than the plane. I thought at first that the light was a star until it started to move. At first it moved slowly at a downward angle like a swooping arc. It came from above and not the horizon which freaked me out. No blinking lights, no noise, no humming, no indication of anything. It came from the east and was heading west at the same time the plane was coming from the west heading east. There was a moment when I saw both plane and object at the same time. As the light was getting closer it started to level out and when it passed over me I could see 3 dimly lit lights on what I think was the belly of the object. I couldnt tell how big the lights were or how fast it was moving but it was moving fast as if like gliding or like slipping on ice and just moving without moving parts. Thats not all. From the same direction that I first saw the light another light appeared. This light was it seems smaller and was a metallic shiny red light that did not emit light but glowed. The red light moved at a very rapid pace and caught up to the white light in just what seemed a few seconds.It looked liked the red light either was swallowed up by the white light or they were very close together. I cant stop thinking about it. It wasnt natural and was quite alien to me. It reminded me a little of  the movie close encounters when the peeps were on the highyway and saw the crafts fly by. I really cant stop thinking of this and am wondering if anyone else out there has seen this. It was a clear night with the harvest moon out and for some reason I keep thinking the moon has a part in this. Dont know why but thats what I feel. I lost the view of the objects due to the trees in my backyard but did I get an eyeful.;40.7651307692308;-73.7701230769231
