Shape shifter, Cigar shaped craft.;1999-09-01 21:00:00;<1 minute;Shape shifter, Cigar shaped craft. it was a fall night.  I was outside with a friend who was sitting in his truck and was chatting with him.   Out of the corner of my eye i seen a helicopter, more like a silhouette of a helicopter actually, when i realized what i saw wasnt right  i look back at and said to my friend what is that  about that time it shape shifted or something of the effect. into a cylinder or cigar shape.   with a red light down the side and on the end or ends im not to sure, but it shifted and then took off.  My friend seen it, i seen it, and no else believed us.  not till lately have began to investigate and i have seen some other pics of what i seen. and the just freaks me out more.  I seen the same thing less then a year later out in the country. this time by myself. i didnt see a silhouette or any thing like that this time. i just seen the cigar looking thing out over the field. i dont think these things are very big to be honest. like there maybe used as surveillance;38.572;-94.8937
They were bright, cigar shaped,  objects that would go in and out of the cloud;2010-07-16 19:30:00;40 Minutes;They were bright, cigar shaped,  objects that would go in and out of the cloud On 16 July, 2010, at approximately 1930 hours, while traveling south on US highway 169 in Spring Hill, KS, I witnessed a fluctuation of lighting in a cloud.   At first thinking it was lightning I pretty much dismissed it, but as I watched  it changed.  It started fluctuating in light color and brightness as if something was just on the inside of the cloud wall.   As we approached the south side of Spring Hill it was as if a hole opened in the cloud and a bright light shined through it.  It was long and cigar shaped.  As I continued to watch I started to see two of them.  They would go in and out of the cloud as if to use it for cover.   Once we got close to Hillsdale, KS my sister finally was able to catch a view of it.  We eventually pulled over at US Highway 169 and Kansas Highway 68 to watch it.  At one Point It appeared that there may have been as many as four with one being longer than the rest.   The cloud was a shelf cloud that traveled directly over the ! town of Paola, KS.;38.572;-94.8937
