Silent chevron shaped craft flying low over Northern California;2002-05-07 20:55:00;30-45 seconds;Silent chevron shaped craft flying low over Northern California On May 7, 2002 around 8:55 pm my wife and I saw a strange aircraft flying over UC Berkeley's University Village.  The shape of the craft was chevron shaped, but was unsymmetrical as it had an extension on one side.  The underside was lined with what appeared to be round and dim lights.  The aircraft appeared to be flying somewhat low and relatively slow.  Also, it made no sound as it flew over our apartment complex.  At first the outline of the aircraft wasn't completely visible.  It was the lights that first drew our attention.  As it got closer we began to see the outline of the craft more clearly.  When the craft went over the roof we ran around to the other side of the building.  When we looked up the craft was nowhere in sight! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));37.8906;-122.2936
Chevron shaped aircraft spoted over Albany California again;2003-05-19 21:30:00;20-30 seconds;Chevron shaped aircraft spoted over Albany, California, again. My wife and I were outside of our apartment complex in Albany, California, looking for the constellation Leo.  Although we did not find Leo, we did see something more interesting.  We saw a chevron shaped aircraft coming from the direction of Oakland, heading slightly northwest.  Since it was heading slightly nortwest, I ran to the other side of the building to follow it, but the craft then veered northeast.  I went back but did not see it anymore.   My wife stayed at the original location and noted that as the plane was moving away from us the lights appeared to get dimmer until she could no longer see it. We could not see the body of the craft but it had dim lights in the pattern of a chevron with an extension on one side (Like this: ^- ).  The craft appeared be larger than passenger jets that we always see flying over this area, but since we could not be sure of the altitude of the craft it was difficult to judge its size. This appears to be the same type of aircraft my wife and I saw almost exactly a year ago flying over our apartment complex (May 7, 2002, at about 8:55PM).  We also reported that sighting at this website.  That time the aircraft was going from west to east. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));37.8906;-122.2936
