Objects sighted over Brazil, Indiana.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sightings of satellites, we wonder.  PD));2011-04-12 22:00:00;Approx 4 hours;Objects sighted over Brazil, Indiana Brazil, Indiana, April 12, 2011  Observers- 3 People in Brazil, IN.   1 Person in Terre Haute, IN (neighboring town)   1 Person in Brazil, IN, different part of town  10:00 PM:  Sighting began with only one object(in the East sky), not sure of the shape due to distance.  It had different colored lights on it and was very obviously not a star. The object had very bright blue lights on it.  It began as a stationary object. It moved in a few different directions(dart to the left or right then halt, move in zigzags).  Every once in a while, it seemed like it was pulsating light, almost like a heart beat.  Then, still seeing that object, we notice a smaller, much more dim light appear and they started heading towards each other!  They looked like they were going to collide.  But, when they collided, the Blue One came to a complete stop.  No slowing down, just an immediate stop.  And the small one was gone, we never saw it again.   Throughout the night we encountered a couple of stars that would take a U Turn and seem to disappear into the universe. 2 AM:  By this time, we were seeing at least 3 large ones, like the blue one that had been moving all night. The 3 big ones formed a perfect triangle, at a distance from each other.  There was a blue, an orange, and a white.  Every once in a while they would do the same thing with the colliding star from different directions.  We also noticed there was a large amount of airplanes in the area. We would see at least 3 in the sky at a time flying close to the objects.  The planes came from all different directions and the number of them increased as the number of moving UFOs was rising.  A plane seemed to get really close to the top white object, and very quickly it shot a very short distance toward the plane and you could see a “tail” on it almost, it looked like it was threatening the plane.  We could see sometimes other things moving and appearing/disappearing.  Things we also saw included helicopter-like objects.  They looked like a helicopter, maybe.  There was 3 spotted at this t! ime.  Eventually, the blue and orange objects were out of sight completely.  At that point, about 1 AM, everything stopped moving. Or at least it looked like it to us. There was still a few planes in the area. 2 AM:  One more star seems to move sporadically, and yes, it is another object.  It was blue also but moved out of sight quickly, in a different part of the sky from the others(N).  Then, another helicopter goes by.  We see nothing else after this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sightings of satellites, we wonder.  PD));39.5177;-87.1238000000001
