Three balls of white light dancing and then disappearing and then reappearing.;1999-08-20 05:45:00;15 min.;Three balls of white light dancing and then disappearing and then reappearing. The three round ball of light were white and just moved about like they were doing a snake dance. These lights were not ball lighting nor seem to be a disk or anything like that.As the sun was about to come up...they faded and could not be seen. I heard these were seen last week also in the Greenwood, Arkansas area...very same thing and only the three ball of light.;35.3479212903226;-94.3875148387096
Red light in sky.;2003-01-24 18:15:00;about 1 minute;Red light in sky. My parents and brothers fiance was fixing to leave to go get some Ice Cream.  When they left about 0 seconds later they rang the door bell many times.  I opened the door and it was my mom saying get out side quick.   I ran out and my mom said look at the light.  It was a red circle in the sky that was not to high but not to low and it was jerk side to side vertical an horizontally.  It was not jerking to fast and it would not move to far when it did jerk.  About 50 seconds later, it did what i think was a qucik u turn and took off as if something was moving to get away as if it had somewhere to go.  It was very fast.  My parents drove one way  and me and my girlfriend drove the other way to see if we couldnt see what it was, it whent in the opposite direction of the airport.  Then after that we seen about 7 airplanes flying around in the sky,    Ft.smith airport aint busy, and never had that many airplanes around at once.;35.3479212903226;-94.3875148387096
There were spinning lights and all of a sudden they just dissappered...wow.;2004-11-25 09:30:00;about 2 minutes;There were spinning lights and all of a sudden they just dissappered...wow. We were on our way home from a junior high football game. It was around 9:30 pm.  We were by the river bottoms when one of us pointed out the window and started squealing. We pulled over, rollied down the windows, and just watched it.  It was fairly close to the ground and it was circular shaped. There were lights along the edges all around it. It wasn't spinning horazontally and not vertically, but kinda slanted. Then all of a sudden, one by one the lights started going out and the craft was gone.  So we rolled up our windows and kept driving. As we drove we kept looking for it but it never reappeared. The next day, our driver was at work and people at her work also said that they saw the strange craft.  Pretty weird huh? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));35.3479212903226;-94.3875148387096
Orange lights seen from southern Fort Smith. Fort Chaffee military flares or UFOs ?;2006-05-18 22:00:00;20 minutes;Orange lights seen from southern Fort Smith. Fort Chaffee military flares or UFOs ? I was sitting on my fathers truck last night when I noticed a circular orange light flashing for approx 4 seconds and then dissapearing and reappearing in the sky.   I called for my sister and her friend to come look.  The light continued to do this for about 5 minutes, dissapearing and then reappearing.  I can't give an approx measurement or altitude, but the lights were rather bright compared to that of a normal star and the altitude seemed low for military aircraft.  Although I do not know much of military aircrafts and dropping flares at night, there was no sound or smoke. I live pretty close to Fort Chaffee, so I assummed that if they were flares, then we could of heard the planes or seen the smoke, but I didn't rule that possibility out.  After the lights faded, my sister and I sat outside and they finally appeared in the same area about 10 minutes later.  The lights began to do exactly what they did before, but this time there was only 1 of them.  It disseapered for only a few seconds and repeared much higher than it was before, and then suddenly about 5 or 6 appeared at once around that orange light.   These did not move and remained in one place for only 4 seconds. Then one by one, starting from the end, they dissappeared.  Because they appeared in a straight line, I began to think they might have been flares.  I am not totally convinced that what we saw was an alien aircraft, but we heard/saw no planes nearby.  The only reason why I am considering this may have been a ufo is because as far as I know, as long as gravity exists, flares do not hover in the sky instead of falling down as they disappeared. The disappearence seemed dramatic instead of random flares being dropped at once and disseapearing altogether and the same time. I don't know if anyone else saw this and I don't know what to think of it. My sister and her friend are convinced that aliens are here in Arkansas to invade...  and as convincing as these theories may be, I still remain a bit skeptical on ufo sightings.;35.3479212903226;-94.3875148387096
Seeing multiple round yellowish/whiteish colored orbs/ufo's in the night sky almost every night in Fort Smith, Arkansas.;2012-12-13 19:00:00;2 minutes;Seeing multiple round yellowish/whiteish colored orbs/ufo's in the night sky almost every night in Fort Smith, Arkansas I am a seasoned photographer and for the past 8 months or so, I've been going outside into my backyard almost every night.  I've been seeing some incredibly odd and wierd activity going on in the night sky since this past April of 2012. The main things I have been seeing are random stationary flashes of light in the night sky and white-colored lighted and sometimes orange-colored lighted round orbs/ufo's.  The flashes of light seem to occur at random points in the sky and at random times.  As for the white rounded lights and orange colored lights (orbs).. from the 6 to 7 months I've been watching/witnessing them, I've come to the theory that they are reacting/investigating commercial/civilian aircraft at night.  My theory is that they are attracted to the strobe/beacon lights that aircraft must use during night time flights.. because whenever there is high air-traffic over the top of my house, that's when I tend to see them the most.  The other thing that lea! ds me to believe that they're investigating and or are attracted to the lights from commercial/civilian/military aircraft is the fact that 90% of the time, when I see an airplane/helicopter approaching to fly over or close to flying over the top of my house.. 90% of the time I'll see one of these white-lighted orbs and the orb will suddenly appear (like someone turned on a light bulb from the switch) and will either intersect the paths of the airplanes or will follow the exact same flight path that the airplane/helicopter just flew. Also, sometimes these white colored orbs will be very dim.. but sometimes will slowly start to get really bright (like someone using a dimmer switch on a light bulb to slowly turn up or down the brightness level of the bulb) and sometimes they'll stay really bright for a long time and then they'll start to slowly fade/dim back down to their original brightness level.. or sometimes they'll even dim all the way out to where you can't see them at all. Almost like someone turned off the light switch, per say.  That's the best I know how to explain it. I have quite a few of these things on video.  I actually got the best video footage that I've ever gotten over the past 7 to 8 months.. just last night!  I got video of a civilian airplane and one of these orbs passing each other.  I also have video of these things showing how they go from almost invisible to incredibly bright and then dimming back down to either barely visibly or completely turned off. These objects appear to definitely be round in shape and when I watch some of the videos I capture of these things, I can actually see colors that airplanes don't use and the colors almost seem to morph into each other before each color changes from one color to another color. The best thing to do, in my opinion.. would be for me to send one of my videos to you, so that you can see exactly what I am seeing. Now, of course, there are nights where I won't see any of these things.. which is generally the same nights where there is very little to no air traffic within the vicinity of my house, which is yet another reason why I think these things are attracted to the lights from airplanes/helicopters.;35.3479212903226;-94.3875148387096
