Round orb of light seen in back yard.between apr.and oct 1997.;1997-09-01 22:30:00;3-5 min;Round orb of light seen in back yard.between apr.and oct 1997. Can't remember the exact date,but it was sometime in 1997. It was about 10:30, late one night, and I went into the kitchen to get a glass of water.  As I was filling the glass, I looked out the window,and saw a bright white light, out in the far back part of the property, in between the trees and the branches. I would say it was aprx 75-100 ft from the window. The orb of light was stationary at first,about 4-5 feet off the ground. It was about the size of a basketball, maybe a little smaller. It seemed to know I was there,because it started to move closer and closer to my location, until it got to the iron fence about 50 ft away..then it stopped. At that moment, it looked larger in diameter.  It just hovered there for about 20 sec.  I really started to feel uneasy/paranoid/afraid at this point. After hovering there,the object started coming towards the window at an incredible rate of speed,from about 50ft away.  My 1st reaction/thought was  holly sh*t,this things gonna fly right thru the fr*ckin window!!!   I gotta get the heck outta here  Needless to say, I was VERY scared at this point...and thats exactly what I did...I RAN..as fast as I could to the back back bedroom, where I closed the door, quick like.I completely expected to hear the sound of shattering glass behind me as I ran...but it never occured.  I was dumbfounded,totally.  After about 2 mins. in the room, I decided to go see if it was still there..but the object was gone. This dang thing,whatever it was, seriously scared the beggebbies outta me...  Haven't seen it since. End of story.((I would like to know, though,if anyone else has seen this kind of object/ufo.)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));33.14116242647;-117.323322500002
two hazy lights circling in the sky, joining, and disappearing.;2005-01-13 23:00:00;45 min;two hazy lights circling in the sky, joining, and disappearing. Late wednesday night around 11:00 pm, as I was closing the curtains to my bedroom which faces a clear sky, I saw, what I thought was two spotlights circling the somewhat clouded sky, after a few seconds of focus upon the strange lights, I noticed no usual beam which would characterize a spotlight from the ground. Then I watched as the two hazy lights flew in a perfect circle following each other in what seemed to be a game. One would catch up to the other while the other flew behind. This lasted roughly forty-five minutes. All the while dogs around the neighborhood barked loudly together (strange). Around 11:45 pm the two lights instantly joined as one while my mother and I watched as the one light circled by itself for roughly ten more minutes. The light then instantly disappeared, leaving no trace of its presence in the night sky. There was no sound whatsoever. The object/s was definitely above the clouds, because the light became brighter as it traveled through thinner areas of the cloud.;33.14116242647;-117.323322500002
A white light appeared and then disappeared after fading to the left, 5 seconds, no navigation lights, 45 degrees above the horizon.;2008-02-15 19:34:00;5 seconds;A white light appeared and then disappeared after fading to the left, 5 seconds, no navigation lights, 45 degrees above the horizon. Not too spectacular of a sighting, but strange to me none-the-less...  I was looking west from just south of Palomar Airport in Carlsbad, California. It was just after 7:30pm. The weather was crystal clear. It was so clear tonight that I could see more stars than I’m normally able to. There was a lot of air traffic tonight as well, but something else caught my eye.  About 45 degrees above the horizon, a dim white light appeared. It was only as bright as a star, but it wasn’t there before. It seemed to be as bright as the brightest star in the sky. It seemed to turn left. The light dimmed as it appeared to turn and simply vanished. There was no flashing light. There were no red and green navigation lights.  I moved quickly to a darker spot, away from parking lot lights, and kept my eye on the same spot in the sky, looking over in the direction it seemed to be going, and there was nothing there. I stood and waited for a while, looking for any flashing light, no matter how dim. I have good night vision, had been outside for a while, and 20/20 vision to boot. Nothing appeared. I could see other planes in the sky. Even planes further away could clearly be seen with much brighter lights and the tell-tale flashing navigation lights I’m used to seeing working by an airport all the time. This light was not over or near the airport, however. I believe it was very high up in the atmosphere and possibly off the coast.  In fact, I believe what I observed was a “Iridium satellite flare.” It would be my first time seeing one, if that’s what it was. I thought there would be more of a flash… This simply appeared and faded out after a few seconds. It was subtle, but it caught my eye.;33.14116242647;-117.323322500002
This was like a string theory energy light show, initially mistaken for a distant approaching aircraft.;2008-02-17 01:50:00;12 minutes;This was like a string theory energy light show, initially mistaken for a distant approaching aircraft. What first appeared to be a distant aircraft with green, red, (blue intermittently) and white lights, never seemed to move from its original spot.  However, the lights appeared to be moving in a very erratic/random fashion.  Looking through binoculars, the lights appeared to be circular dots chasing one another.  The effect was similar to when you move a sparkler quickly and randomly thus seeming to create what resembled the appearance of string theory energy.  It was like a string light show, with the different colors chasing and blending with one another.  In instances the circular, oval shapes seemed to collapse, though never disappearing.  The lights would zip back and forth up, down, sideways, but always staying in a string configuration, whether open ended, or closed.  At the end of  twelve minutes, the lights just seemed to fade as if retreating farther into space.  What a sight!;33.14116242647;-117.323322500002
10/02/08 just before sunrise, dark skies. Hovering white light which turned to blinking blue & red. Lasted 5 mins long.;2008-10-02 05:45:00;3-5mins.;10/02/08 just before sunrise, dark skies. Hovering white light which turned to blinking blue & red. Lasted 5 mins long. Time of event was 10/02/08 0545 hrs. There was a hovering light on top of the hill (Poinsettia Lane & Black Rail Road) which lasted about 5 minutes long. This sighting was the 2nd time. The 1st was last month between 2400-0030 hrs. by my colleague in which we both have the graveyard shift security in the church at Poinsettia Ln. He had told me about his sighting & therefore I kept a watchful eye on the exact area. Behavior of the object was identical as was observed by my colleague. The top of the hill is about 400 yds  from my location  In which Poinsettia lane intersects with Black rail Rd. There are 3 street light posts which illuminate at the top of the road/ hill. I noticed a bright light half the size of the street light hovering, circling around 200 yds to the right side. It changed to a blue & then red blinking light. It would just circle from on top of the street light to 200 yds  to the right where there is a tower, it would dip down back of the tower & then go back & forth to the top of the road where the street lights were. I walked to the parking lot & informed the pastor who had been parked waiting in the car for a couple of minutes as he was early for the day. I pointed to where the UFO was hovering, we both watched it then I proceeded to walk closer to it about 75 yards to see if it had a sound. There was no sound. It was more like a small object as if it could be a remote control toy.  Its behavior was similar to a firefly hovering around. I noticed it couldn’t be an airplane or a helicopter since there is an airport in the left far side of the hill.  Airplanes often land & take off but I could later hear them. I later lost sight of it because I attempted to walk to  another person at the parking lot which slopped down. As I went back towards it the object was gone.  This took place just before sunrise, it was still quiet dark. The hovering speed would be around that of a remote control plane.  I now have my camera handy hoping to catch it again.;33.14116242647;-117.323322500002
Bright light(s) witnessed in Carlsbad on 2/2/09;2009-02-02 19:40:00;8 minutes;Bright light(s) witnessed in Carlsbad on 2/2/09 I spotted a very bright orange/yellow light in the evening sky just north of Carlsbad.  I couldn't tell how far away it was, only that it was large enough to know it wasn't a star.  I watched it for about 20 seconds then I went inside to get my husband.  It took me about 10 seconds to get back outside, and it was gone.  I waited for a couple of minutes, then I saw it again.  It was in the exact same spot.  I called out for my husband again but then it slowly disappeared behind the mountains.  I waited again then I saw 2 lights appear out of nowhere.  The larger light was there and a new, smaller light.  The smaller light began to disappear, but the larger light stayed in its position.  I called out for my husband again and he finally made it outside in time to witness the light.  I asked him what it was, and he said he didn't know.  I asked him to get my cell phone so I could record it.  The light then slowly began to dim and finally went out.  It didn't go behind the mountains.  The light just started to dim and then disappeared.  I was unable to catch the light on my cell phone.  After it disappeared, I didn't see it again.  I came directly inside and got on the internet to see if anyone else had reported it.;33.14116242647;-117.323322500002
I live in Carlsbad Ca.,in the last three weeks I see super bright egg shaped floating objects they move slow just floating, they get re;2009-06-27 10:00:00;10 secs;I live in Carlsbad Ca.,in the last three weeks I see super bright egg shaped floating objects they move slow just floating, they get real bright then they get dim kind of floating along, the get super bright again then they just vanish. It's odd it's happing every day, last week there was a huge at least 1000 plus foot object got very bright floating very high I would say 35,000 feet or higher, there are  no comercial flights that use these flight paths because of retstricted air space around the military base, same thing it got super bright just floats along and vanished. These objects just show up and the bright like atracts my attention. planes fly in straight lines and usualy cause some what of vapor trail these float, change directions then vanish! I could blame in the Sun, but not when the sun is at a different angle for it create something that bright, but what vanishes it thin air, I look all around to see if it re apears, there nothing!  the average time is 1-3 minutes! Don't know what they are but it's very strange!!;33.14116242647;-117.323322500002
This UFO displayed a bright blue light when flying to the left and a bright red light when flying to the right, moved fast and circled.;2009-12-11 02:50:00;2 Minutes;This UFO displayed a bright blue light when flying to the left and a bright red light when flying to the right, moved fast and circled. At approximately 2:50am, while looking Southwest from a business just South of Palomar Airport in Carlsbad, California, a bright blue light in the sky caught my attention while I had been outside walking in a parking lot. The light was at the horizon and seemed far away, like it might be near Interstate 5 or the coastline. However, the light was brighter than it should have been if it was a regular aircraft flying from that far away. It was also quiet, so I assumed it was too far away for me to hear.  The blue light was flying to the left.  That's what really made me stop to look at it. I thought something was strange about what I was looking at. I work by an airport so I'm used to seeing lights in the sky all the time, but something seemed strange about this one. If an aircraft is flying from the right to my left in front of me, shouldn't I be seeing a red navigation light? The light slowed and changed colors.  It went from blue to red and flew back to my right.  It appeared to be circling something off in the distance, like a police helicopter. My initial thought was that it WAS a police helicopter, but I was still confused by the lights and the direction of travel. I have this saying to remember which side of an aircraft the lights are on: Go right ahead. I think of green meaning 'go' and 'right' reminds me that green should be on the right side of the plane. As I stood there and watched, I expected to see a white search light come on. It never did. It circled a few times, even seemed to hover. It would moved off quickly again, dipped, and sometimes dipped so low that I couldn't see it anymore because it dropped below the horizon. It seemed to always be on the move and wouldn't sit still for long. I was looking over the top of a nearby warehouse, but at such an angle that I was almost level with the roof of the building so I could see the shape of A/C units silhouetted against at the night sky. I kept walking when I lost site! of it and tried to walk to a better vantage point nearby wher! e the bu ildings were not in the way and so that I might have been able to see more sky, but the light never reappeared. I stood watching it for at least a solid minute, maybe two, long enough to see it move back and forth a few times, and for me to think about what I was seeing. Stranger still, even if the navigation lights were somehow switched, I am certain the light was BLUE and not green when flying to the left. I walked by a traffic light soon there after and compared that color to a blue business sign off the side of the road. The light was definitely blue and not green. Thinking back on it, at the moment that it turned, I do believe that I saw a white center light and possibly two very small and dim red/green navigation lights very close together, which seemed right for the distance I thought I was seeing the aircraft at, however once its side faced me, it turned a very bright red flying to the the right, and a very bright blue flying to the left. There were no other aircraft! coming or going from Palomar Airport at the time. Things were pretty quiet with hardly any cars on the road. There were no sirens I could hear, no police cars or ambulances were flying down the road heading towards it. The weather was partially cloudy with a low ceiling. The aircraft was definitely below the clouds. If I had to guess what it was, I would still go with something like a police helicopter, but I've never seen them use a light set up light this. It behaved like a helicopter with its movements, circled, dipped, hovered, and moved off very fast, but everything just felt odd. I thought the lights were brighter and different. Back home, I even have a medical helipad nearby in which medical helicopters often land at in the middle of the night. Even close by, the medical helicopter lights were pale by comparison and they would often turn on a search light when landing. I checked my watch when I finally lost sight of the UFO and the time was 2:52am. I didn't suffer a! ny missing time, didn't feel any different, other than a bit c! onfused by what I saw now. I'm ex-military and a trained observer. I wish the lights were closer so I could provide more detail. I believe what I was witnessing was maybe 2 to 3 miles away. My best guess would be somewhere along I-5 or the coast between Palomar Airport Road and Poinsettia Lane, closer to Poinsettia.;33.14116242647;-117.323322500002
Single object. Bright blue light flying to the left, bright red flying to the right. 2nd sighting over same spot as 12/11/09 sighting.;2009-12-20 06:13:00;2 Minutes;Single object. Bright blue light flying to the left, bright red flying to the right. 2nd sighting over same spot as 12/11/09 sighting. This is my second report of the same lights I saw on December 11th. Once again, I saw a bright blue light in the sky flying to my left. It would stop, fly back to the right, and turn a bright red. The light would occasionally dip, hover, rise back up again, and quickly fly off. It's main pattern seemed to be flying in circles over one particular spot near the horizon. I believe that it's possible someone is flying some sort of model plane or helicopter from a baseball field, which is under that part of sky I witnessed the lights flying above. This ballpark is near Poinsettia Ln and Ambrosia Rd in Carlsbad. My concern, if this is the case, is that the lights are extremely bright and too close to Palomar Airport. They are not the normal red and green navigation lights, which could confuse other pilots landing and taking off from the nearby airport. Even if this is a normal plane, which I doubt due to it's behavior in the sky, these lights were much brighter th! an a small plane would be from that same distance. This time I contacted local PD just to have it reported on a non-emergency line and the light descended shortly there after I ended my phone call. I do not believe an officer was able to see the lights in time.;33.14116242647;-117.323322500002
Bright light changes color from blue to red as it circles, hovers, dips, and rises up, only to eventually circle back down.;2010-01-15 00:18:00;5 Minutes;Bright light changes color from blue to red as it circles, hovers, dips, and rises up, only to eventually circle back down. This is now the 3rd time that I've seen this. Southwest of my location in Carlsbad, I spotted a bright blue light in the sky.  Following it, the light would turn blue as it flew to my left and then it would turn red as it flew back towards the right.  It circled in the same exact spot in the sky that I've seen it before.  The light also hovered, dipped, and shot up into the air, behaving much like a toy helicopter.  Once again, though, from this distance, someone must have put a ton of lights on it, if that's what it is.  The lights seem brighter than a normal aircraft's lights would be from the same distance.  It's seen south and fairly close to Palomar Airport, which is my concern.  In this third sighting, I contacted the local PD for the second time.  I did not report it to the local PD the first time I saw it, but I have for the second and third sightings.  I still believe that someone may be flying something that's either a remote control plane, helicopter, or a! toy UFO out of a neighborhood park near Poinsettia Ln and Ambrosia Rd.  I will get video if this continues.  It seems to disappear by slowly circling down towards the ground as it gradually drops out of view.  That's the main reason I believe this is coming out of a local park and not an actual aircraft flying out over the ocean. I may have the distance wrong, however, and someone may be flying this from the beach. The officer I spoke with told me that I was the only one that called it in tonight, so that's why I believe it must be closer than Interstate 5 and the coast.;33.14116242647;-117.323322500002
Formations of lights over the ocean in Carlsbad (San Diego county);2018-04-12 20:52:00;>20 minutes;Formations of lights over the ocean in Carlsbad (San Diego county) Several coworkers and I saw numerous lights out over the ocean.  The lights were disappearing and reappearing, and changing formations.  The lights were slightly orange/yellow color.  The lights looked like they could be Chinese lanterns, but they were first lighting up high in the sky.  They also looked like flares, however they seemed to be maintaining altitude and even climbing slightly.  Also, there was barely any lateral movement, even though a windstorm was occurring.  Many people should have witnessed this, due to the length of time it occured and position off the coast of a busy area.  We witnessed several pedestrians watching the lights from an overlook area just down the street.;33.14116242647;-117.323322500002
Orange dim lit orb floating in and out of the ocean;2021-05-18 02:00:00;&gt30 minutes;Orange dim lit orb floating in and out of the ocean Orange dim light orb floating in and out of the ocean there was only one orb but me and another couple had stopped to see, it just kept going in and out of the water and wouldn’t move for minutes . It was very dark so we couldn’t really focus clearly on it;33.14116242647;-117.323322500002
