I have done conciderable research on this subject since contact. It fits documented discriptions listed in UFOlogy by Jim Marrs.;1995-09-05 15:00:00;4 hours;I have done conciderable research on this subject since contact. It fits documented discriptions listed in UFOlogy by Jim Marrs. We heard what sounded as if a jet passing low over our country home. I went outside in the rear of our home facing the pasture, opposite of where the noise went. I was facing west. At that time something with an approximate wingspan of ten feet flew from east to west, 2o meters from the ground above the Elm trees next to our home. It had a large head and thin hominid body, wings like a moth or insect but did not flap them. This entity landed. My wife saw it also. It was ten or twelve feet tall, red oilish skin, smelled as ammonia. This creature spoke in a very strange manor. I demanded it speak in English of which it spoke in older European dialect. It did us no harm but we fled afterward. It referred to itself as Ivan Cole.  I am an analyst and was a complete skeptic until this event. I would have preferred it never occurred. Whatever the EBE are they are not human and they do exist.;35.9558;-95.65
I am providing approx. time and dates. I was out our home in the county line road between Coweta and Broken Arrow Oklahoma. I had stepp;1996-09-20 17:00:00;5 hours;I am providing approx. time and dates. I was out our home in the county line road between Coweta and Broken Arrow Oklahoma. I had stepped out the back door facing a pond behind our place and witnessed a very large winged animal/huminoid creature gliding about 20 yards high and about 30 yards away fromme. It was traveling at a very slow rate and was coming from the front area of our home across the norther part of our lawn moving west by northwest. My discription of this winged creature long with a thin human shaped torso, moth or butterfly shaped wings extended but not moving or beating, rather gliding. It had a wide dark grey colored human-like face and peered diectly at me as it crossed the yard. It had very large dark eyes. It had I guessed at least a eight or nine foot wingspan. It apeared to be covered with a hairlike folical. It seemed to have a sort of high ridge or dorsal spinal rise behind the haed and wings. I guess it was extremly light-weight for its size. I tried to rationalize the was my imagination playing a trick on me and returned inside halfwittingly joking with my ex-wife telling her I just saw a Skilly. This is the term given by Cherokees who claim a superstition of nighthawk people or like other tribal lores, those who change shapes into other than human form. She was going to leave and go visit her sister in Coweta about then and left out the same door. She returned a few minutes later claiming she came face to face with a nine foot tall creature with a red oilish skin and huge red glowing eyes. She was extremley shaken and histerically crying. I heard movement on our front porch after calming her down and finally getting her discription of this thing. I noticealso about a quarter mile across the county line road in front of our home a red light in the pasture. Looking through the screen I saw at first what I thought a police or fire truck lite. Looking closer through the screen I saw a broad silver flattened doom with a red blinking beacon directly center top. My ex was still horribly shaken and I started to go again out the back door possibly to confront this intruder. At that time I recieved a phone call. I answered and a voice sounding as if it was modulated on a radio frequency started speaking with me. I would tell me such as where I was born, where I had been, then in great detail alot of personal facts. The voice was also using what seemed an older type of Englich which I have seen written such as terms in three score and fourty et. It made some extremly weid prophetic statements. I became Irate and told whoever it was I would have them traced and arrested. I hung up and it rang again. I removed the plugin and set the phone with cord on the kitchen stove. We had our two children with us, a three yeasr old boy and two year old girl. I was becoming extremly concerned about our safety. A very heavy amonia smell filtered into our house causing my eyes to water heavily. At this time the phone rang again. I glanced and saw the phone still unhooked sitting on the stove. I told my ex-wife the we were going to get the kids between us and move directly to our car behind the house. I grabbed a big kitchen knife and we did as I instructed after I yelled loudly that I would butcher anyone or anything in my path trying to stop us on our way to the car. We saw nothing as we exited our home and got ourselves in the car. I drove to her mother house in Coweta. I returned the next day. No sign of anything, footprints, vandalism et. I really question why this happened to us. It was extremly freightening and I questioned my own sanity when I heard the phone ring after unplugging it. I assume it was using a magnetic inductance to axcess and imulate a voise on the phone. I have red a few books on UFOs since. Jim Marrs discribes numerous events very similar by creature discription in 95-96 I would rather not have ever seen this thing. It looked like it had escaped from hell and could easily fit numerous discriptions of both aliens and demons of folklore and biblical accounts.  I have a few theories myself and described this event with a US federal magistrate in Tulsa a week later. Good luck with your research.;35.9558;-95.65
