1972 Gigantic incandescent object hovering over Concord Mall - stopped cars - deafening silence, lost time.;1972-05-30 17:00:00;?;1972 Gigantic incandescent object hovering over Concord Mall - stopped cars - deafening silence, lost time. I was travelling up to Concord Mall on Rt 202 with two friends. We took the scenic route, Rt 92. I was 17 at the time.  I remember we went around the last bend on 92 just before you get to Rt 202 and all these cars were just stopped along the curve, in their tracks. We stopped too. We got out of the car and looked up to see this GIGANTIC glowing object, just about where the mall would be, hovering over that spot. It looked like a huge cylinder, with a cone shaped end.  It was glowing bright and incandescent. There seemed to be an electric humming sound, very faint.  That is all I remember.  We didn't remember going to the mall. I don't remember talking to the other people who were stopped. I only remember driving home with my friends in silence.There seems to be a huge chunk of missing time during and after the event. I don't remember ever talking about it after that, except years later I did call one of the friends to ask if she remembered it. She did. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.7550792122539;-75.5699094091904
I had almost instantly, as I looked up, noticed an odd shaped craft merge out of the clouds and be flying directly over my head.;1982-07-04 01:00:00;30 seconds;In the afternoon I was walking through the local firehouse parking lot with a neighborhood friend.  We ran into a couple of her friends.   While she was speaking to the friends I felt a strong urge to look up at the sky.  I also had started to feel a buzzing sensation that blocked my hearing of what was going on around me.  It was as if the buzzing sound and urge to look up to the sky were connected.   At that point everything else going on was drowned out.  I had almost instantly, as I looked up, noticed an odd shaped craft merge out of the clouds and be flying directly over my head as far up as an airplane would at full height.  The craft was light silver in color and shaped unlike any airplane from this world I had ever seen.  It was long like an airplane but had a “wings” in front and “wings” in back.  The “wings” went in opposing directions of each other. I could see the people around me and their lips were moving but I could not hear any speaking as all I could hear was the buzzing.  Time seemed like forever, but was actually only about 30 seconds.   The craft paused for a few seconds and then continued on back into the clouds.  I then tried to tell my friends to look up because I saw a UFO.  My friends seemed as if my words were inaudible.   Everyone kept going with their own conversations.  By the time I realized it seemed as if just at the time of the sighting that I was cut off of all contact except for the buzzing I heard so loudly in my ears and head.  Once the UFO disappeared so did the buzzing.  Things went back to normal.  When asked, no one else had heard the buzzing and no one else had saw the craft. That was one of several UFO sightings in my lifetime. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.7550792122539;-75.5699094091904
Transluent like figure walking, early morning.;1985-06-01 06:00:00;3 min;Transluent like figure walking, early morning. 1984/85 5:30-6:00 am Saturday or Sunday, ages 13 yo and 15 yo. A tall white thin partially solid/translucent-like figure walked from behind a building. It was about 30 ft away. I froze as soon as I saw it, it took a few steps then stopped, turned its head, and looked at us, I thought I was going to die I was so scared, worried I was seeing something I was not supposed to see. The figure looked at us for several seconds then started to walk again. It went up a small embankment towards a creek. We ran, did the paper route, then later when we told the story no one believed us. Back story: My friend and I were walking to her paper route it was light but not fully, I think it was summer. I lived on an industrial street, no businesses were open, so no one was expected to be around at that time of day. My friend was not wearing her glasses so to her it just looked like a cloud floating over the ground. But she will vouch that I saw something that day that scared m! e to death;39.7550792122539;-75.5699094091904
It was football-shaped, totally illuminated with white/grey(the body)2 rows of strobing white lites top and bottom;2000-05-17 00:35:00;5 minutes;It was football-shaped, totally illuminated with white/grey(the body)2 rows of strobing white lites top and bottom On this early morning sighting, I am a truck driver who was traveling North on I-495 in Delaware, when I noticed a big bright light in the Eastern sky traveling north over the Delaware river, at first I thought it was a blimp, but as I observed it closer this was definitely not a blimp! When I finally got a real good look at it,this thing was totally illuminated(the entire body was white/gray, like the full moon on a clear evening) it had a row of white stobing lights on it top and bottom, it was totally white, no other colors. It was very low in the sky, and was moving at a medium speed, it was shaped like a football, it was the strangest and most spectacular thing that I have ever seen in the sky. Unfortunately, I could not pull over and get out of my truck to see if it made any noise, and I did not have a CB in the cab to ask othet truckers out there if they were seeing the same bright object that I was. All I know, I used to be in the USAF and this object was definitely NOT an airplane or a blimp, like I said, it was totally illuminated and I did not see any wings or stabilizers or a cockpit, it shone like the full moon, with strobing white lights;39.7550792122539;-75.5699094091904
Brightly lit object floating silently near tall trees.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly Jupiter in the southern sky.  PD));2010-07-25 03:00:00;1 hr 30 min.;Brightly lit object floating silently near tall trees. On my way to bed , I opened up the curtains and to my great surprise, the otherwise dark, middle-of-night- scenery with very tall trees had a very brightly lit object floating behind the trees, all quiet.  I wondered right away   What is that?  We live on the first floor in a 6 -story building. The bright  object was motionless on about 4th level of the building to the south  from our view, directly behind the trees. It was, in my estimate less than 1/2 mile away from  our house.  Then the lights started dimming and a dome- shaped object came into view with magnificient lights around it as if it had a  belt around it, red, white and orange lights.  Then a few minutes later it changed its look and was the same  dome-shape but only yellow, small lights around it as if decorated in a way.It was quite stunning and beautiful. It seemed to glitter at various spots.  It slowly moved lower ( further into the distance, to south), barely noticeable movement and all quiet-  it would become all very brightly lit up again, almost pulsating slightly its light and then back to dimming its light  and showing detailed, smaller lights glimmering in the total dark night sky. A helicopter flew by a little over an hour after I first noticed it and after about 13 minutes from that, it very , very slowly disappeared from  the  view. On my way to bed , I opened up the curtains and to my great surprise, the otherwise   dark, middle-of-night- scenery with very tall trees had a very brightly lit object floating behind the trees , all quiet. I wondered right away What is that?We live on the first floor in a 6 -story building. The bright  object was motionless on about 4th level of the building to the south  from our view, directly behind the trees. It was, in my estimate less than 1/2 mile away from  our house. Then the lights started dimming and a dome- shaped object came into view with magnificient lights around it as if it had a  belt around it, red, white and orange lights. Then a few minutes later it changed its look and was the same  dome-shape but only yellow , small lights around it as if decorated in a way.It was quite stunning and beautiful. It seemed to glitter  at various spots. It slowly moved lower ( further into the distance, to south), barely noticeable movement and all quiet-it would become all very brightly lit up again, almost pulsating slightly its light and then back to dimming its light  and showing detailed, smaller lights glimmering in the total dark night sky. A helicopter flew by a little over an hour after I first noticed it and after about 13 minutes from that, it very , very slowly disappeared from  the  view. On my way to bed , I opened up the curtains and to my great surprise, the otherwise dark, middle-of-night- scenery with very tall trees had a very brightly lit object floating behind the trees , all quiet. I wondered right away What is that?We live on the first floor in a 6 -story building. The bright  object was motionless on about 4th level of the building to the south  from our view, directly behind the trees. It was, in my estimate less than 1/2 mile away from  our house.Then the lights started dimming and a dome- shaped object came into view with magnificient lights around it as if it had a  belt around it, red, white and orange lights.Then a few minutes later it changed its look and was the same  dome-shape but only yellow, small lights around it as if decorated in a way.It was quite stunning and beautiful. It seemed to glitter  at various spots.  It slowly moved lower ( further into the distance, to south), barely noticeable movement and all quiet-  it would become all very brightly lit up again, almost pulsating slightly its light and then back to dimming its light  and showing detailed, smaller lights glimmering in the total dark night sky. A helicopter flew by a little over an hour after I first noticed it and after about 13 minutes from that, it very , very slowly disappeared from  the  view. On my way to bed , I opened up the curtains and to my great surprise, the otherwise   dark, middle-of-night- scenery with very tall trees had a very brightly lit object floating behind the trees , all quiet. I wondered right away What is that?We live on the first floor in a 6 -story building. The bright  object was motionless on about 4th level of the building to the south  from our view, directly behind the trees. It was, in my estimate less than 1/2 mile away from  our house.Then the lights started dimming and a dome- shaped object came into view with magnificient lights around it as if it had a  belt around it, red, white and orange lights.Then a few minutes later it changed its look and was the same  dome-shape but only yellow , small lights around it as if decorated in a way.It was quite stunning and beautiful. It seemed to glitter  at various spots.It slowly moved lower ( further into the distance, to south), barely noticeable movement and all quiet-  it would become all very brightly lit up again, almost pulsating slightly its light and then back to dimming its light  and showing detailed, smaller lights glimmering in the total dark night sky. A helicopter flew by a little over an hour after I first noticed it and after about 13 minutes from that, it very , very slowly disappeared from  the  view. On my way to bed , I opened up the curtains and to my great surprise, the otherwise   dark, middle-of-night- scenery with very tall trees had a very brightly lit object floating behind the trees , all quiet. I wondered right away What is that?We live on the first floor in a 6 -story building. The bright  object was motionless on about 4th level of the building to the south  from our view, directly behind the trees. It was, in my estimate less than 1/2 mile away from  our house.Then the lights started dimming and a dome- shaped object came into view with magnificient lights around it as if it had a  belt around it, red, white and orange lights.Then a few minutes later it changed its look and was the same  dome-shape but only yellow , small lights around it as if decorated in a way.It was quite stunning and beautiful. It seemed to glitter  at various spots.It slowly moved lower ( further into the distance, to south), barely noticeable movement and all quiet-  it would become all very brightly lit up again, almost pulsating slightly its light and then back to dimming its light  and showing detailed, smaller lights glimmering in the total dark night sky. A helicopter flew by a little over an hour after I first noticed it and after about 13 minutes from that, it very , very slowly disappeared from  the  view. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Dear Peter,  I thank  you very much for having my UFO sighting report published on your website.  However , I must admit that I felt slightly ridiculed as someone had written his own evaluation of what I saw on that report by  adding the following lie to it  possibly Jupiter in the southern sky .   The trees where the UfO was silently floating are  30 ft away from my house!  One cannot put a planet in those trees!  The ufo was directly behind the trees, moving and changing its appearance. I saw the perfectly bright lights in detail and its pulsating lights.  Planets do not move, display lights and change appearance.  This was a moving object not  Jupiter.  I feel slightly insulted by this odd addition to my Report. It should not be there.     Best,  ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  The witness may be correct, but we believe it is the rare UFO that hangs around for an hour and a half.  PD));39.7550792122539;-75.5699094091904
Falling orbs.;2017-06-11 14:30:00;20 minutes;Falling orbs. Sunny skies, clear, few clouds.  Small lightship orbs that seemed to flash off and on falling randomly and drifting.  There were hundreds.;39.7550792122539;-75.5699094091904
