2 singular lights traveling south to north with a third appearing to go straight up till fading out.;2001-10-03 20:20:00;5:00;2 singular lights traveling south to north with a third appearing to go straight up till fading out. I observed 3 seperate lights in the night sky. The first was a bright white light I mistook for a star, then I noticed it was moving or started moving from south to north at an airliner like steady rate. On first seeing the light I dismissed it until I saw a couple of airplanes flying nearby and realized it wasn't lit like an airplane just one bright white light. It continued across the sky until lost to view. At this time I had been laying on a concrete bench. I resumed looking straight up at the sky and noticed another bright white light overhead. This one, as I watched, got progressively dimmer as if going up. It didn't take but a moment to fade out. It wasn't a star and I'm aware that some stars viewed directly seem to disappear. The third was, obviously, at a very high altitude, also, going south to north near the area of the faded light. This one appeared to have a slight reddish caste to it. It was moving faster than the first. My background is in mechanical drafting and design and I am an air and space buff and like all forms of airplanes, rockets and spacecraft. I know what is flying around, generally speaking. This aroused my curiousity so I thought I'd find if the internet had a reporting site and it does. So here you go.;38.3669;-81.7398
Orange light over Charleston, WV area;2011-07-13 22:00:00;30 minutes;Orange light over Charleston, WV area Around 22:00, me and my girlfriend were on our front steps and I noticed out of the corner of my eye a light in the sky.  I live under a flight path of our major airport in the area, so I am very familiar with the lights on aircraft because the aircraft are generally low altitude when they reach my home due to my close proximity to the airport.  This light was different though because it was bright orange and pulsating, moving in a southwesterly direction.  No landing lights or anti-collision lights could be seen.  The object then moved out of view behind the trees and homes in my neighborhood.  About 10 minutes later i noticed the same? craft moving again in the same southwesterly direction but in a little different spot in the sky.  At this point the object was quite a bit closer and it was easily distinguishable from a normal aircraft.  The object was about the size of an apple held at arm's length.  The craft continued on until disappearing over the mountains to th! e southwest. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.3669;-81.7398
