I am a night sky watcher and I have seen a lot of military maneuvers and a few strange things in this area, but what I saw this evening;2011-07-21 11:00:00;01:00;I am a night sky watcher and I have seen a lot of military maneuvers and a few strange things in this area, but what I saw this evening I have to say something to somebody.   I had been watching what one would assume were military aircraft flying back and forth over the western sky of SE Iowa.  There were at least a dozen of them.  They were very large with one main running light pattern.  They had very bright lights like on the wing tips and either red or white blinking lights.  But there were varied flash rates.  Some of the jets had a shape of a F15, all of them had glowing white rear parts of the engines.  They did not increase in brightness during acceleration and could be seen from any angle from my position. Now several of them were flying a rectangular pattern in the west horizon, as I was watching with my binoculars I noticed they were flying very fast.  But they would make very abrupt 90 deg turns, way to abrupt for their speed.  Then several were flying east to west and west to east directly over head.  One was flying a  north to south and back in a rectangle pattern.  When he changed his course to the west of the rectangle as it turned there was a distinct triangle pattern to its white lights, with a blinking red light in the middle.  This went on for a half an hour.  It was some really strange maneuvers like I have never seen before. The two jets came out of the south escorting a shinny object that looked like a large satellite moving the same speed of the jets and through the rectangle pattern the one jet had been flying.  They went across the horizon and my view would be about 30 to 40 deg of the horizon.  After the objects went out of view, all the jets split up.  Some them were playing and chasing each other. I am sure of the date because this is a revised version the email I sent C to C AM. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.0014;-91.9578
8 lights flying S to  equal distance from each other and disappeared ((NUFORC Note:  Starlink satellites?  PD));2019-12-22 18:30:00;5 minutes;8 lights flying South to north equal distance from each other and disappeared as they reached an apex in the sky. We were outside letting our pets go to the potty.  We were looking up at the sky remarking how clear it was and how many stars were out.  Then it was asked what constellation/formation “that” was – and we noted 7 lights, equal distance apart flying from south to north in a straight line.  We watched the lights travel and after they go to a point in the sky – they disappeared.  I did note that there were 8 because after we counted the initial 7 – there was an additional one that did appear to come a bit after the first 7.  We watched and looked to see if these lights/planes had gone behind a cloud – but it was clear there was nothing.  They were just white lights – no flashing and no noise.;41.0014;-91.9578
Upstairs neighbor knocked on our door and led us outside. She said it was tons of drones. ((Starlink satellites??))a;2020-01-09 18:30:00;>30 minutes;Upstairs neighbor knocked on our door and led us outside. She said it was tons of drones. Took awhile before i saw my first one. No stars or jets in the sky. Mostly cloudy, almost a full moon. Once i knew what i was looking for, i saw at least one per minute. Most were white lights, some reddish. Most small lights, but some were significantly brighter. All were headed in exact same direction, west, above the clouds. All moved silently at same speed. Came inside before all the activity was finished.  I thought maybe they were a meteor shower, but there were no trails.  Thought about calling airport to the north of town, but it was after hours.  Ive never seen a drone at night, so i cant agree or disagree with what she said. I was trying to find out information online about military action, but i found nothing recent.  Then i found this sight. I dont believe or disbelieve in ufos.  I think they are a possibility though.  Im curious about these lights.;41.0014;-91.9578
