Rare White Light of Unknown Origin with Pulse/Strobe/Ovalblanket;2012-12-30 06:39:00;0.5 seconds;Rare White Light of Unknown Origin with Pulse/Strobe/Ovalblanket On Sunday, December 30, 2012, at 06:39am EST, in Dulles, Virginia (within 2 miles of Dulles International Airport, ‘Dulles Discovery’ building, and Air and Space Museum) a ‘massive’ light strobe/flash was spotted.  Upon a windy, cloudy (but not covered) sky, straight above the witness’ head (very steep angle), happened the event, lasting no more than 0.5 seconds, but no less than 0.12 seconds. The anomaly was unlikely a form of lightning, due to the duration, size, and shape. The ‘light’, which again was a massive strobe, could be described as oval or circle or rectangle (or even square) (to match a best description of its top-down (or ground-to-air view, bird’s eye from the ground, etc.)).  The SIZE description as massive, football field (much larger – 3 to 4 times this size or even larger).  The size of the entire light portion of the ‘craft’ (the defined shape, most notably ‘rectangle’/futbol field with a ‘central sun’ or ‘focus point’ (seemingly the witness’ location, but at a height of only about 60-100 feet above) low in the clouds (clouds fast moving, ‘focus point’ occulted by the cloud cover, although cloud cover not total – moon waning, shining in the west). Also notable about the consciousness of the witness – the awareness at the time of “Indians”.  Not “India” such as Kashmir, but of the Native American Indian.  The ‘awareness’, ‘ESP’, ‘tele’, etc. was certainly ‘dulled’ at the time of the event, but included subconscious notable features Indians, Redskins, Native American Indian, American Dream, American Spirit, American Spirit (cigarette) (natural tobacco), Football Field, Redskins vs. Cowboys, Star (5 points), Cube Form (RGIII, (playoff)), Washington Post, holiday time, new year (time for exposure for anomalies).  The subconscious ‘timing’ of these events is believed by the witness to be ‘data’ supporting the timing of the sighting, and the importance in the witness’ own life (spiritual). It could also be reported and fit a description that a “flying wing” (but massive in size and silent in sound) was moving at a very fast speed, engaged a light on/off (or simply sped up [down] and then up, and the light was never ‘off’).  Contrary to the physics of the last descriptive sentence (flying down, then up, with light on), the witness’ account does not recall ‘vertical’ movement, but ‘horizontal’ movement from North (but ‘starting’ just South of the Airport), travelling Southeast (or travelling in a vertical direction, but ‘the light’ expanding towards the Southeast (probably only an apparency of the witness’ viewpoint) (also, the ‘light’ was centralized like a candle flame is, only the light expanded – so it is unique that movement was also sensed).  It can also be said that ‘lack of movement’ had caused a dizzying ‘need’ or ‘deception’ of movement, in which the witness may or may not have seen, but the ‘elapsed time’ of the light/strobe anomaly seemed more ‘still! ’. Nevertheless of the movement, the flash/ball/oval/field/rectangle blanketing WAS seen and realized, with almost definite ‘source’ to the light, pinpointed near/above witness’ location. Finally, it can be noted that the witness believes it is possible for the “craft” to belong to mankind, but if so, secret/not public knowledge.  It is doubtful, from the witness’ consideration, that the “craft” (if in reality, a craft composed of matter, as explained above) is of primitive technologies (such as publicly known U.S. Military technologies). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.0019403508771;-77.4544933333335
