glowing cone/heat/sound/electric disturbance.;2006-09-16 01:00:00;3 minutes;glowing cone/heat/sound/electric disturbance. i was sitting in my home when the lights dimmed and flickered and the radio went to static and heard a beeping sound coming from the speakers. i heard a vibration like humm comming from outside and upon exiting the house my dog ran in{which it never does} i continued out into the yard and could tell it was comming from behind the house just to the left over the slope leading towards the heavily wooded area{a wildlife preserve of about 250 acres} as i walked around the house i could still hear it and began to see some sort of light, as i cleared the corner of the house i could see a diamond or inverted cone shaped object on the ground, it glowed as if it was very hot an orange deep color mostly around the bottom to half way up. i froze in place and felt like i was involatary suspended in spot. either from fear or ? just then it gave a shock wave feeling and i felt a surge of heat come over me very quickly. it went straight up a an unbeleivable rate and dissapeared. i was dissoriented at first and went back in and shortly went to bed with a feeling of nasuasa and a headach and a ringing in my ears, and sinus pain. the next day i went out to where i had seen it the night before and there was a burnt place on the ground about two feet circular. and a spot of purple-ish liquid about 3 square inches kind of thick like cough syrup. i got a small glass jar and got what i could and put it in my freezer. but it doesn't seem to freeze and harden. i have never told anyone about this before for fear of ridicule. this is the only time i have told this story. i plan to put this substance in a safe deposit box and keep it because i know the government would just take it and threaten me like they do everybody else. if anybody else has seen anything like this please put up a post i would like to hear your story. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));37.3167;-84.9735
