1971-1972 Saucer Siting, Northeast Texas;1972-04-01 20:00:00;10 minutes;1971-1972 Saucer Siting, Northeast Texas I was about 12 and my mother about 45. We were driving to a late night store downtown, travelling east to west down one more or less direct route/straight road. Near the downtown grocery was also a water tower and a police communications tower which were probably high points/tallest objects in the immediate area. We saw a metallic saucer-shaped object with red, green and white lights that appeared the size of a small plane not much higher than the water and communications towers. We noticed it as we headed toward these towers then watched it approach them, hover in a stationary position and then head back east. We attempted to follow its path in the car but lost it fairly quickly. We thought it seemed to head further east toward other communication or radio towers.  My mother was educated, I have two degrees, father is an attorney. We had no reason to disbelieve the existance of a UFO and we had always been star-gazers in the spring and summer months as my mother had taken an astronomy course. We never really told anyone outside our family because at that time there were already so many stories that seemed unbelievable. I guess we just assumed ours would seem just like all the others. But it was as real as  could be. Just like anything else we might have looked at that night, there was no reason not to believe what we saw.  I do not know the exact date or year. I have said March of 1972 but it could have been 1973 and could have been May or even Sept-Nov. I know it was a school night! and not middle of the winter. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));33.1321;-95.5925
I saw two silver crafts hoovering in the morning hours, I'm not crazy!;2009-04-19 09:00:00;00:03;I saw two silver crafts hoovering in the morning hours, I'm not crazy! The shapes I witness was silver in color and shaped like a saucer upside down on top of a saucer up right, I witness two crafts side by side very large.the one on the right if looking out of a car window levitated upward then within twenty to thirty second shot off in a diagonal direction upward and away from the hoovering craft on the left side, the right craft disappeared. the left craft remaining position hoovered then disappeared instantly.  I never saw a trail, this was in the morning hours 9:30 am Sunday morning, I was sitting on the town square in my pickup truck, staring out the driver window the distance was about twenty blocks near I-30 and college street this happened in Sulphur springs, Texas.  I never witness any lights, and I was to far away to hear a noise, however there was a wreck near or about the same area about ten minutes earlier.  I waited and watched the sky and thought that maybe it was a plane, but I questioned that because large planes never fly wing to wing, and the crafts looked to wide to the tips for a commercial plane.  The total time span was three minutes!  There was what seemed to be  blur around the crafts, they were large! this town does not have a major airport.;33.1321;-95.5925
