Deer hunt spoiled by sudden appearance of 3 bright lights, surrounded by a dim amber ring of light.;2014-11-01 06:40:00;10-15 seconds;Deer hunt spoiled by sudden appearance of 3 bright lights, surrounded by a dim amber ring of light. About 20 minutes before daylight on Opening Day of the 2014 Deer Season here in Northeast Texas it was dark, no wind, no clouds, no moon, just star light & I'm straining to see my feeder through my binoculars when all of a sudden the entire area lit up like someone turned on flood lights.  I quickly raised my eyes over my binoculars and could see the light was all around the tree I'm in too and its 80 yards from my deer feeder. My immediate reaction was getting mad thinking someone must be driving up spot lighting ruining my hunt, but there was no noise plus the way the shadows were falling I realized the light was coming from above me.  That’s when I quickly look up and saw the 3 bright white lights moving West to East, and thought Wow! 3 shooting stars! EXCEPT that can't be either they’re way too close and not moving fast. I watched the lights drifting, cruising, in a triangular formation over the woods for a few seconds and then they started banking a turn to the South East moving away from me.  For a few seconds I could see a dim amber glowing ring of light surrounding the 3 bright white lights and then it just disappeared like someone turned off all the lights at once. After it disappeared, I kept looking into the dark star lit sky hoping to see its silhouette as it moved on, but saw nothing... Just stars and none of them were moving.  I never saw a profile of an aircraft, but when it turned the configuration of lights appeared to be aligned on the bottom of something round maneuvering like an aircraft banking a turn less than 100 yards from me. This all happened within a span of about 10 to 15 seconds, and I could hear my dog start barking in the distance at this same time, but no other sounds. I don't know what it was, but it happened & I saw it from my tree stand at a time & setting when I was wide awake with my senses tuned-in to every sound & movement in the woods. Opening day of the 2014 deer season is one I'll never forget.;33.1321;-95.5925
