Father in-law was outside smoking. He observed something in the sky, he then called out for us to come out and tell him what he was see;1986-04-15 17:00:00;10 minutes;Father in-law was outside smoking.  He observed something in the sky, he then called out for us to come out and tell him what he was seeing in the sky.  What we observed was a main Saucer above us facing south. It had lights of red, yellow, blue and white and maybe one other color spinning in a counter clockwise motion.. We then noticed to the left of us three smaller disk moving in high speed towards the saucer and once all three reached underneath the saucer they stopped in an instant, danced around in a slight up and down motion for a about 10 seconds and all of the sudden shot out in a blink of an eye over the bay area in the direction of San Francisco.   All three smaller saucers were lit up like balls of at least four different colors of light.  They made triangular moves all together for about 5 seconds and shot back to the main saucer in such high speed if you blinked you would have missed it.  Came to a stop again underneath the craft and in an instant the! y looked like they were sucked up into it and the saucer shot off in the sky, south over the ocean, towards what would be Hawaii and gone it was.;37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
Vertical column w/3 lights in linear design moved silently across sky. It disappeared behind thin fog/cloud and never reappeared.;1999-10-23 21:30:00;< one minute;Vertical column w/3 lights in linear design moved silently across sky. It disappeared behind thin fog/cloud and never reappeared. At around 9:30pm on Sat. Oct. 23, 1999, 10-11 guests at our outdoor party saw an UFO.  We were playing music and and singing by the bonfire. No one was intoxicated. Someone pointed and said, there's a UFO.  Everyone stopped playing music and stood up. I saw, without my glasses unfortunately, a column-shaped object vertically and silently glide across the sky. It appeared to have 3 muted lights lined up vertically along the column.  The sky was very clear with a bright full moon except for a few light wisps of fog.  The object was seen for around 30 seconds before it went behind the fog.  It never came back out! There were different descriptions of the object seen. One person said that she saw a column of 4-6 hazy lights that was traveling at an angle. Another person (who might file a report too) said that she saw a grey- colored vertical rectangle, that was backlit and that had a triangular shaped exhaust coming off the back. Everyone was very matter-of-fact about the whole thing.;37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
UFO as clear as day! What you can find in YOUR videos.;2001-03-25 13:30:00;Anniversary;UFO as clear as day! What you can find in YOUR videos. After reviewing a home video and seeing our pictures, we captured a few disk shaped objects in a few different frames. My husband shot it on a 5.2 digital camera & I have a video camera. It looked like on the video, that 2 disk objects were either chasing eathother or playing games with eathother.  We were filming Hearst Castle in Central California right on the coastline.   My husband took a still picture of Hearst Castle & it show the dick object as clear as day. The image frozen.  These two objects flew fast! Oviosly too fast for us to see while filming & having fun while these object were having fun flying over us  a few times. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We will request copies of the photos.  PD));37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
I was walking my dogs in the morning and on my way back I saw like a disc object floating in the air. It was like leaning side to side;2010-11-16 07:30:00;5+ minutes;I was walking my dogs in the morning and on my way back  I saw like a disc object floating in the air. It was like leaning side to side and I don’t know if it was the sun reflexion or was emitting lights to the ground.  I took a video on my iphone but does not capture at that distance.  I came home and asked my son, 9 years old, to come outside and he witnessed.  A passenger plane passed by, then this object move up and to one side, later a jet (white/red) passed by this object very close, and this object disappeared.  it probably lasted more than 5 minutes.;37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
Large, Green UFO saucer sighted flying over San Francisco Bay.  Size:  100 Yards across!  Very clear details.;2015-04-11 23:55:00;6-7 seconds;Large, Green UFO saucer sighted flying over San Francisco Bay. Size:  100 Yards across!  Very clear details. Map coordinates of UFO location: N37 46.199’W12210.448   I have seen several UFOs over the past 20 years, but most of those (except one) were smaller lighted objects at a long distance away.  Erratic flight patterns and high speeds always told me that these were UFO’s.  But the sighting I am reporting in this report is a game-changer for me!  It was the diameter of at least 100 yard across…and at a much closer range!   I was driving my minivan across the San Mateo bridge heading east on the night of April 11, 2015.  Time was 11:55 PM.  The bridge traffic was completely deadlocked at a near standstill due to a highway construction crew of several trucks and men with jack hammers making repairs on the pavement of the number 2 and 3 lanes lanes.  This construction zone stretched for a distance of several hundred yards from the approach to the bridge, and all the way up to the highest arch point of the bridge a mile later.  The traffic was so dense, it took me about 40 minutes to drive the 1 mile distance to finally clear all the construction crews and bright work lights. I had one male passenger, seated on the bench seat behind me.  He was from Ukraine and he did not speak English.  We could not communicate with a single word.  I had hired him that night to be a sound man and photographer for a murder mystery show that other actors and myself had performed at a San Francisco restaurant.  One of my actresses is Russian and she made all the arrangements for me to hire him for our show.  During this long wait on the bridge, this passenger had his head buried in his texting device talking to his wife during the whole time I was driving. As soon as the traffic bottle neck cleared at the highest point of the bridge arch, I hit the accelerator and quickly gained speed going straight downhill.  At this point, we were out in the middle of San Francisco Bay and the weather was very clear with stars in the sky.  We had another three miles to drive East before hitting land in Hayward. THE SIGHTING!  I was traveling over 70 miles an hour for only about 10 seconds when the interior of my entire van was blasted with a blinding green light!  It came directly from the ride side of my van, but the light was so intense, I couldn’t even see my dashboard or out the front windshield.  In a split second, I cursed the construction work crew for using excessive lights that made driving unsafe.  But in the split second I thought this, I hit the brakes and hoped no other cars were close behind me.  Then, I looked out my window to find the source of the green light and I saw a GIGANTIC UFO saucer traveling parallel with me at the same exact speed and about 500 feet above the water.  The entire size looked to be well over the length of a football field and the distance from me seemed like about a quarter mile away. The bottom of the saucer was the source of the bright green glowing light, and it quickly twisted to a more upright position where the green underside of the saucer was completely visible and tilted towards me.  But, the tilt angle was enough to cover the top side of the UFO and I could not see what the top half looked like. UFO DESIGN:  To instantly memorize all the details of this UFO, I used a highly trained technique I have developed over the years.  I call it the “SNAPSHOT” effect. My eyes and brain soak up as many details as possible in the shortest amount of time. I am a trained investigator and I am well known for having a better-than-average memory recall of live incidents and events.  The main details I remembered are permanently etched into my memory just as clearly today as the moment I first saw them:  1.  	The saucer’s perimeter was lit up with two concentric circle rings of light that were the source of the bright fluorescent green light.  The looked identical to a giant ring of neon light tubing attached to the outer rim of the bottom side of the space ship.  A second ring was inside of the first ring with a small space between the two 2.	  Both rings had some sort of thin, dark separation strap that broke them into 5 segments each.  (See attached photo shop picture of UFO reconstruction). 3.	  The whole bottom half of the UFO looked identical to a computer motherboard. It had a massive cluster of pipes and tubes and flat looking designs that intersected each other and overlapped each other across the whole surface like a road map. The color of this whole underside radiated a green color, but I believe this was merely reflected light emitted from the outer rings. It seemed like the whole motherboard underside was probably more of a white or light gray color. 4.	  Across this network of pipes and circuits were about 3 or 4 major square areas of a denser concentration of pipes. The re-created drawing I have made clearly shows these more defined areas. THE PORTAL:  The UFO imitated my direction and speed as we both moved East for another 5 seconds. And then, the entire craft slipped into an invisible black slot in the night sky where it completely disappeared!  The speed of the UFO had slowed down quite a bit for this last maneuver.  It was almost as if it was a car pulling carefully into a garage.  This space craft did not dissolve gradually, nor did sip away into the outer space at a high speed.  It simply glided smoothly behind the equivalent of a giant black door with a vertical hard edge.  For all the thousands of UFO’s that witnesses have seen over the years, I realized that witnessing the ACTUAL PORTAL action of the crafts disappearance into another dimension was probably a rare sight, indeed!  I quickly looked into my rear view mirror and noticed that ALL THE CARS on the bridge behind me had either stopped completely, or were traveling extremely slow since seeing the whole night sky lit up with the green UFO.  I checked my speedometer and I had been cruising at  40 miles per hour during the sighting. I was in the middle lane of 3 lanes, and I breathed a sigh of relief that I had not been rear-ended by another vehicle. MY PASSENGER MISSED THE ENTIRE SIGHTING:  The second after the sky turned black and the UFO left, I yelled out over my shoulder to the passenger in the back seat:  “HOLY SH_T! Look at this!”  But he couldn't figure out what I was saying because of our language barrier.  The best I could do was point my forefinger up in the air and spun it around in one foot circles while making a high-pitched (cartoonish) flying saucer noise.  I was trying to convey it was a UFO without words.  He nodded his head excitedly, then went down to his language dictionary on his mobile device.  He then found something and lifted up his tablet to show me what it was.  He had found a merry-go-round  amusement ride. I shook my head “NO” and realized I would have to wait until the next day to call his Russian friend who would have to give him my UFO report second hand.  This Ukrainian gentlemen lost the sighting of a lifetime just by keeping his eyes buried on his stupid texting device the whole time. When I returned home about 25 minutes later, I called the California Highway Patrol and tried to make a report.  The pretty much shined me on and thought I was coo-coo for Coco Puffs. The next day, I checked all the news reports on the internet and local media the next day. For a UFO of that it actually made me feel great that I had just witnessed a very REAL UFO, but with more detail than I have ever heard anyone describe before.  I was excited, but scared at the same time. So, I have kept this a secret for the entire past year. About 3 months after this encounter, I entered a key word search on the internet for green UFO San Francisco Bay April 11, 2015. I found a hit from another website that originates out of Florida. There was a report entered by another resident from Union City (near Hayward) who had seen a large green UFO on that same day, but early in the morning (05:20) as he drove to work.  It was located above the SF Bay, EXACTLY WHERE I SAW IT late that same night!  I am an artist and I immediately made a Photoshop drawing of exactly what I witnessed - including all the minute details. (Note:  I am a 65 year-old retired  homicide detective and graduate of the Alameda County Sheriff’s Academy).  I am trained to soak in a lot of details and info in a short span of time.  The photo composite I have created is an identical facsimile of exactly what I saw.  I have been inspired to finally report this sighting after one full year because April 11th is TODAY, and tonight I plan on camping out along the shore of the San Francisco Bay, I will aim my video and digital cameras at the coordinates that match the location of last year’s UFO sighting.  It’s a longshot chance that history might repeat exactly one year later!;37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
saucer through telescope seen.;2018-08-05 20:30:00;6-8 seconds;saucer through telescope seen. I was wiping my car down by my detached garage and my telescope was set up just outside my garage door.  Across from me, was another set of detached garages for the units in my condo complex.  I noticed a object that was slowly flying at a distance but visible just above the top of the garages.  I noticed a white light in front and a red light in the back with the red light elevated higher than the white light.  I found that to be very odd.  I went to my telescope and located the top of the end of the last detached garage and worked my way back till I found the object.   The object was as clear as day.  It was a saucer shaped object, very metallic looking.  The reason the red light was elevated was because the saucer was flying at a angle, the front of the saucer was pointed downwards and the back of the saucer was upwards to give that look of how the lights looked.  I stayed on it for about 6-8 seconds till the trees were in the way.  It was the first time in my life I actually saw a flying saucer.;37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
