Strange craft over Bay Area;2002-11-14 08:00:00;10 min.;Strange craft over Bay Area It was about 4pm in the afternoon,it looked like a planet or star except i did'nt shine like one.I quikly ran in the house and grabbed my binocular's*(12x50)through them the object appeared to be the size of a dime at arm's length,it was'nt round more egg shapedlike Billy D said,it had a strange black scaffolding structure behind it,the object was pale yellow in color,it was there for a good ten minute's,Billy D was trying to steady himself on my shoulder to get a better veiw when suddenly a flash of light appeared below it and a orb like object streaked to the left at an incredible speed,i veiwed it with the naked eye and at arm's length it appeared to be the size of a dime,i was suprised and moved trying to show Billy D the object streaking away,it headed out over the bay,Billy did not see it.We then tried to find the first object again but it was not there?I don'nt know if it was the same object or a different one that zoomed out over the bay,but the original object was just not there. A minute later a chemjet flew over head leaving a huge ploom of chemtrail almost in the same spot the UFO was hovering!!!coincidence???Very strange sighting;37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
3 egg shapes over Hayward, CA area;2004-01-04 10:40:00;5 minutes;3 egg shapes over Hayward, CA area We were driving southbound on Mission blvd. passed Carlos Bee Ave. near Harder ave. As we passed Carlos Bee we saw 1 object in the sky coming from the south about 100ft above the street and surounding buildings. At first we thought it might be a loose balloon from one of the many car dealerships that line the street. There was no wind and the object was larger than the balloons, it was white and egg shaped. The light reflected off of it but not a flashy or metallic type of reflection. The object moved northboound just over us as we drove southbound. It was about the 5 feet in diameter at it's thinnest point. Then I saw 2 more objects, about 3/4 that size. I decided to stop and pull over to look and grab my camera. They were also egg shaped but grey, non-mettalic. The white egg shape then changed shape slightly into a smoothened diamond like shape about 200ft above and North of me. The two grey craft stopped in mid-air and the white craft joined them briefly in a delta formation over our heads. The white craft then again sped off towards the north a few hundred feet. The two grey craft quickly went straight up and dissapeared. The white craft followed us slightly southbound as we drove off then sped off. I took several pictures with my camera which has special black and white film that I'll need to take to special lab to process, not a one hour service. There were several car salesmen in the lot of the dealership I had pulled up in front of. The car salesmen also saw what had occured. They saw me taking photographs and then realized that the object were not balloons. All the balloons at the dealerships in that area were red, white, and blue with only one using green and red balloons. No grey balloons. Deninately no baloons that large nor Diamond shaped. There was no sound nor lights with the craft. None of the vehicles passing had diffulties nor did my own car. I had no special sensations nor were there any strange smells. The wind did not stop or start with their presence. I felt no bad ! feelings nor felt any fear. There were aircraft in the area but not close, none were in pursuit. I will send copies of what photographs I have taken once the film is developed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
I just read the other Hayward report on your site. Sound like the same thing I saw this weekend. It was along the Hayward hills, near t;2004-01-25 15:00:00;3 min;I just read the other Hayward report on your site. Sound like the same thing I saw this weekend. It was along the Hayward hills, near the quarry, and they were headed north. They looked like they were taking their time and didn't seem to care about the airtraffic around. Someohter people I know have seen stuff like this too but haven't posted on this site. Do you post everything you have submitted? I'm going to keep an eye out more now that I've seen this and others have too. Is anyone from your orgainization investigating this?;37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
Chrome colored object in western sky.;2004-03-29 17:00:00;10-12 minutes;Chrome colored object in western sky. Not sure if this is the right thing to do, but here it is. Ever since I witness this strange object on March 29th 2004, I have had many strange things happen.  The evening was partly cloudy, and windy, and unusually warm, so I went outside to see the sunset and have a cigarette. While looking to the west at the sunset, I noticed a chrome ball in the sky, and I immediately dismissed it as an airplane coming towards me. After several minutes of watching this object, I decided to run in the house and get my video camera to film this, in case it was a UFO.  After I came back out side, the object had moved to the north, but still hovering over what looked like the Oakland area. As I started filming the object, it swiftly maneuvered towards my location. As it passed me directly overhead, roughly the height of the high clouds, it disappeared. It made no noise as it went overhead, and I could then see the object was oval or roundish, about half the size of a large airliner.  I went into the house and turned on the TV news and my radio, to listen if somebody else witnessed this. Nothing was reported on the stations I selected. As I listened to the news, I hooked up my video camera to the other TV to see the video, which I was expecting to remarkable.  I rewound the tape, and pressed play, and nothing appeared but fuzz. Now I had goosebumps all over my body. Something happened to the tape. The entire tape was dead, just fuzz. Then I started thinking, maybe this thing knew I was taping it and that’s why it flew overhead, but I still to this day cannot figure out why the whole tape is messed up.  Here’s where the fun begins.  A day after this event (which has dramatically altered my life) I notice items in my patio missing. An old electric keyboard is gone, and so was my fishing equipment. I quickly dismissed this as a neighborhood kid theft, but then I started noticing other things missing too. My hair brush, my dirty laundry, my tooth brush, and even some old video tapes that I used to record my friends wedding the week before.  I am the only person who lives here, except for my pet Doberman, who is very old, and semi-senile.  The next part of this might freak you out, as it did to me, and to this day I am afraid to sleep. The following two nights after the sighting, I heard noises in my garage, which is adjacent to my bedroom. Through the walls, I head movement and rattling noises, and what sounded like voices, but squeaky.  The third day after my sighting, I decided it was time to check on things in the garage, and swung open the large front door. All of the light bulbs had been removed, but other than that, everything seemed to be in order. Maybe kids? The doors were locked and remained locked, so I’m unsure what it could have been.  I have decided to move out and sell the house, as I am just too freaked out to stay there, and have been staying at a friends house for a while.  i am now worried I might be abducted. If you need to discuss this or see the fuzzy tape feel free to email me.  Thanks.;37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
