Strange eight light formation orange/red spheres horizontal in Northern California;2015-09-05 21:35:00;5-7minutes;Strange eight light formation orange/red spheres horizontal in Northern California. My husband was first to observe this Saturday evening, we proceeded to the end of our drive way to get something from the car, then looked up north south to the sky because he thought oddly that the stars looked really close.  Not only because they were all visible but because they are an actually aircraft in the sky flying preparing to land, which is not unusual for where we live we always have planes flying over our house!  We all know what they look like and sound like the Oaklnd Airport is 10 minutes from our house and hayward airport is closer just a 1/2 mile. He then called my father-in-law out and to his disbelief he said these are not planes there lights are different.  Then they called both of us out, when my mother-in-law and I proceeded outside we were both stunned!!  I immediately thought these are UFO I had seen some strange videos but I never thought anything of it, just people messing around on the Internet.  But these were hovering in a formation 8 of them to be exact, if you could connect the dots they would have made a horizontal zig zag they were also flickering but not a candle, but as if it was rythmic, Slow as if it was a heart beat, they all were the same color a orange/red and circler!!!  They then began to dispate one by one up toward the atmosphere then leaving two which filed into formation right underneath one another.  Moving one from the left and the other from the right!!  They looked as if they were sliding into formation and as this was going on there was a plane like I said traveling inward toward the airport!!  So we all knew these were no way planes by any means!!  And if this was a hoax someone was playing then it was a pretty damn good one, fooled me!!  Then finally the top one dissipated upward and then followed by the second right into the atmosphere!! I'm literally still in shock as I'm writing this and I'm a very logical person by every sense of the word.  I need proof or my own eyes and I know I'm not! crazy!!!  What I saw was exactly how I saw it!!;37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
