I was with my brother at the airport fuleing up a plane. After that we drove the turkback to the fule center. I was looking toward the ;1996-01-03 23:08:00;5-6 seconds;I was with my brother at the airport fuleing up a plane. After that we drove the turkback to the fule center. I was looking toward the northward end of the runway and saw a UFObut ny brother didn't see it because he was looking the other direction while putting the ladder in the truck. It zipped across the sky at around 400 M.P.H and was bright green, really bright and it wasn't a plane, it was crossing the landing approach pattern. It came down from around 1000 feet to about 200 feet, then speed extremely fast westward while hugging the groung,about 150 feet above the local houses and dissappeared westward toward the bay. The object, to my caclulations must have been at least 70 feet in diameter and was circular. I am a current student as well as my brother in high school. I have seen many pictures of ufo's onTV and on the Sightings UFO report video. It looked similar to a ufo that I saw on TV that just zoomed across the sky in Mexico City.There was not any noise heard and the sky was very clear that night, the first clear day in about a week after large storms.I am not sure if anybody else saw it, but there wasn't many people at the airport in the area that we were in, but some peoplewho live in the houses next to the golf course, which is at the end of the runway towards the direction that the object was seen,might have seen the UFO. It was definately not a Learjet and didn't have flashing lights.P.S I will try to find a map and draw some pictures and e-mail them to you;37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Object video tapes, darted in and out of the clouds.;2002-06-13 21:15:00;approximately 2 to 3 minu;Object video tapes, darted in and out of the clouds. Date: June 13, 2002 Time: 9:15 p.m. Email report: HBCC UFO Research followed up by placing a phone call to the witness. Video footage taken of the event.  Witnesses Email Report below...  On June 13, 2002 I video-taped a round dark object in the sky, my kids had noticed as we sat in our hot tub just after 9:00 p.m. The object sat motionless until I started filming. Then it darted in and out of clouds, also back and forth as I tried to follow it. This was a very scary experience for my kids. I live in Hayward, Ca. and noticed on your website another sighting in the area. I've never witnessed anything of this shape or speed in my life. I just want to get a professional opinion from someone else. Any ideas?  Telephone follow up below:  I had a pleasant conversation with the witness on the telephone. He described in detail what he and two other family members has witnessed on June 13, 2002. The man said it was something he had never saw before and was stunned at what they were observing. The fellow explained that on the night of the sighting he and the family were spending an evening in the hot tub and his daughter was playing a game , who could spot the most airplanes flying over head. The gentleman said that it is an active area due to two airports which are fairly close by. The Oakland and the Hayward airports.  It was the daughter who first spotted the object and said there is a plane. The man's son looked and said he didn't believe it was a plane. The son asked his father to look at the object in the night sky. When he looked up to see what the kids were looking at he saw a black spot which was just sitting stationary in the sky just below the cloud cover. They all could see the clouds moving but the dark object stayed in the same spot, not moving. They all wondered what could this be as it certainly looked unusual and it sat in the one position for approximately one minute and again it was not moving. Some quick thinking on the Dad's part ... had him running into their home and grabbing a video camera which was sitting on the kitchen table. He ran back outside with it. He had borrowed it from a close friend a couple of days prior to this sighting to take some footage of everyday things. Also not being really familiar with the camera he was trying his best to catch what he could of the object.  As he lined the camera up on the object, it started to move very quickly. It would duck into the cloud cover then pop back out. It continued doing this a couple of times but always remaining in the original area, not moving any distance from where they first noticed it. It was night and I wondered how they were able to see a dark object against a blackened sky. The witness said, even though it was dark out you were able to see a whiteness of the clouds and the dark object which sat below them. So it was the lightened backdrop which enabled the family to see the darkened craft.  At one point the object moved into a darker cloud and as everyone watched it .... the cloud started swirling around and seemed to pull more of the surrounding cloud into the swirling motion. As it was doing this the cloud was growing darker. Again the object poked out from the cloud just slightly and moved back in again and this is when they all witnessed a strobing light coming from inside the cloud cover with the cloud starting to move closer in the direction of the family until it stopped and pretty much straight away moved back to it's original place. The total length of this sighting was approximately 2 to 3 minutes. The fellow said all the time they spent outside that evening they had not seen any other aircraft in the area.  The man called the Hayward airport to make an enquiry about what they saw. The folks at the airport told him there were no flights going out that night. The witness felt that was rather unusual in itself. He thought maybe because the weather conditions were not that good and socked in very badly, that this may be the reason why no flights left that evening.  A still picture was made and blown up from the footage at one of the local universities. The Astronomy Department of the University and others checked the photograph out and saw that there was an object in the photo but no one could figure out what it was. So again the witness was left with no answers to this puzzling sighting.  The fellow told me after the sighting was over, they all went into the house as it certainly was a bit frightening to see such a strange sight. He told me he just paced around the home and wasn't at all sure what he was going to tell everyone about what they had seen and videotaped that night.  Many thanks to this family for the wonderful report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 1 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
A black object that was stationary for at least 10 minutes in the clear sky.  Flat and  circular base with a strangely shaped top.;2003-10-16 17:34:00;at least 10 minutes;A black object that was stationary for at least 10 minutes in the clear sky.  Flat and  circular base with a strangely shaped top. Around 5:34pm Pacific time, when I was leaving my work and I saw a black object in the sky.  At first I thought it was a crow or a hawk flying, but then a couple of minutes later, it was still in the same position.  My office is located in the middle of an industry park, so there are planes that fly by every day.  But the object I saw was not moving and it was all black in color.  The sun was setting to my right hand side, I tried to see if I can determine its shape by the reflection of sunlight reflected from the surface of the strange object, but because it was all black, I could not see any sunlight reflecting on top of the object, therefore I couldn't see clearly what the top was shaped like.  But I believe I saw the base was somewhat circular and flat, but then the top is a bit strange looking.  The object I saw did not appear to have any wings and tail like the airplanes I normally see in the sky.  I walked away from the office building and toward the bus stop, I waited for the bus to come and the duration was about 6 minutes.  When the bus came I could still see the object in the skey in the same position, so I decided to call my co-worker who was still at work to go outside.  She came back to the phone and told me she also saw a black object in the sky but it was not moving.;37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
 This thing was brighter, bigger, more in the distance, looked as if it was surrounded by smoke. ((NUFORC Note:  Falcon 9 launch.  PD));2018-10-07 19:25:00;Minutes;Clear skies this evening, stars twinkling and no marine layer over the entire by, an absolutely georgeous fall clear sky day and evening.  At time of sighting stood just a bit of pink over the pacific ocean, otherwise you could say its dark.  With a lit of air traffic coming into st and Oakland international airports, typical for Sun at th8s time.  As usual you can see 7-10 planes lined up awaiting their landing approval.  This thing was brighter, bigger, more in the distance, looked as if it was surrounded by smoke or fog by the way the light beams were hazy, again we had a pretty good air quality day and the stars and planets didnt appear to be fogged or any smoke haze.  When I noticed it wasn't moving but 8t light beams were, I looked around to see if anyone else was seeing what I was seeing.  A familiar fella in the neighborhood seen it along with myself and I belief a person at a bar located across from Walgreens also stepped to the street whereas there was a perfect view without building obstacles.  IT appeared to be possibly a get drop but square more like an exclamation mark, or 1/2 how turned to the side, the lights were very bright.  When I first noticed it and compared to the air traffic in the skies, it as evident this wasn't a drone, not an airplane, and superman I heard is on vacation right now.  The lights went from 3 white beams pointed down, gradually opened to a 5 pt beautiful Star like  shape, trust me, I began praying, I thought perhaps the Bethlehem star, it was huge and beautiful,  then the 5 pts came back to 3 beams again but pointed upward now then quickly went to 2 beams still pointing upward before it went wooosh, vanished in thing air and appeared as if ashes were falling from sky where it had been.  there was a lot of air traffic, theres gotta be someone up there in an aircraft who seen it also.  I sure hope im not the only one reporting this incident. ((NUFORC Note:  Launch of Falcon 9 rocket from Vandenberg AFB.  PD));37.6558635245902;-122.081370081967
