Amazing lights in the sky.;2014-08-17 00:00:00;45 minutes;Amazing lights in the sky. I was at my brother in laws visiting and decided to go out side to get some fresh air.  As I was standing on the porch looking towards the south at the grain elevator across the street, I looked in the sky and seen what I thought was a plane as it moved towards the southeast I lost site or of it, so I walked down the driveway to get a better look.  As I got closer, I knew it couldn't have been a plane of any kind.  It was a ball of light vary bright moving slower than a normal plane would. Very weird, I thought, so I ran in to the house and got the first person I seen which was my sister in law.  I told her what I thought I seen in the sky.  She came out with me and I went to show her the object but it was to late it was gone.  As I looked for it, she spotted it over South above the elevator.  I told her that it couldn't of been the same one I saw at first. It had moved to far to be the same one.  We stood watching the object move slow slowly across the sky.  As we followed it moving Southwest it was gaining elevation until it finally disappeared. She went in the house and got her husband and my wife so they could witness these objects in the sky.  After it was gone we seen 3 more one moving to the east and the other 2 moving southwest in different locations.  They would gain elevation and disappear and reappear in different locations.  The one moving towards the east was flying low and was Just as bright as the others until the brightness went away and turned a red orange color for less than a minute then went back before it disappear also.  It was amazing and weird, at the same time.  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness did not indicate a time for the sighting.  PD));39.1039;-98.6851
I was at my brother in laws visiting and decided to go out side to get some fresh air. As I was standing on the porch looking towards t;2014-08-17 07:00:00;45 minutes;I was at my brother in laws visiting and decided to go out side to get some fresh air.  As I was standing on the porch looking towards the south at the grain elevator across the street, I looked in the sky and seen what I thought was a plane.  As it moved towards the southeast, I lost site of it, so I walked down the driveway to get a better look.  As I got closer I knew it couldn't of been a plane of any kind.  It was a ball of light vary bright moving slower than a normal plane would. Vary weird I thought so I ran in to the house and got the first person I seen witch was my sister in law.  I told her what I thought I seen in the sky. She came out with me and i went to show her the object but it was to late it was gone.  As I looked for it she spotted it over South above the elevator.  I told her that it couldn't of been the same one I saw at first.  It had moved to far to be the same one. We stood watching the object move slow slowly across the sky.  As we followed it moving southwest it was gaining elevation until it finally disappeared.  She went in the house and got her husband and my wife so they could witness these objects in the sky.   After it was gone we seen 3 more one moving to the east and the other 2 moving southwest in different locations.  They would gain elevation and disappear and reappear in different locations.  The one moving towards the east was flying low and was just as bright as the others until the brightness went away and turned a red orange color for less than a minute then went back before it disappear also.  It was amazing, and weird, at the same time.;39.1039;-98.6851
