Saturn/top shaped round disk with black ring circumscribed in bottom and 3-4 companion blobs;1996-09-12 11:00:00;3 hours;Saturn/top shaped round disk with black ring circumscribed in bottom and 3-4 companion blobs Same weekend Art Bell saw his UFO sighting. I remember that specifically. Victorville is 30 miles SE of Edwards AFB. While laying on the patio with my dog watching the thunderheads blowing to the NNE I noticed a dark grey, sometimes shiny object bobbing in and out of the clouds to the NW. It was stationary relative to my patio eaves so I could see it was not moving with the clouds. It was bobbing.  It was stationary relative to its position over the ground, but lost and gained altitude. Here's the cool thing. Since I am a geological engineer, I know directions, relative velocities, etc., etc. I have vision so good at that time it was better than 20/10. Anyhow, I could see this object  would have been flying near and over the SE part of Edwards AFB, which is not inhabited. Here it was in BROAD DAYLIGHT!  So I got my binoculars (15 power) and was stunned to see a saturn shaped metal obect making gyroscopic manuevers in place. It was almost at the top of the thunderheads (the top of them being probably about 45,000 feet).  The object turned on its side with the flat side toward me and I could see it was round with the profile being saturned shaped. Like that famous UFO photo that those goes took in South America decades ago. It had a black circumscribed ring in the bottom. Then, I noticed 3, then 4, little wispy blobs flying around it and seeming to merge with it and also fade in and out! Since the sky was crystal clear (due to the strong jet stream wind.  This thing just stayed there for about 3 hours spinning (apparently), then turning verically, then sideways, etc. like it had no particular preference for what direction was considered level relative to the ground.  The wispy blobs (slightly rectangular) seemed to have some kind of light energy coming out of them. As the orbs bobbed around the object they would smear themselves. Like when you move a candle and looke at it from a distance in a dark room.  An Southwest Airlines (?) airliner flew on its designated flightline (maybe about 35,000 feet AGL) below the object which was about 40,000 feet. I could not believe the airliner pilots did not see this or that this flying saucer and companions did not fly away.  Relative to the jetliner this think would have multiple times the size of the jet. I'd say at least 6 times the length of the jetliner. Keep in mind I saw all this in binoculars very clearly.  Finally, I looked for my instamatic camera and it had two pictures left. This camera did not have a zoom unfortunately.  I took two pictures. Eventually, the clouds thickened and I could no longer see the object and its campaions again. The whole sighting was about 2 hours.  When my wife came home I  told her about it and she did not believe me. Well, I developed the pictures and you can see the object in the photos but it is real small.  I ran the photos through Photoshop to see if I could pull up some detail and you can see it looks similar to a toy top and you can see the blobs which appear to be more like rectangles. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.491677927928;-117.37413490991
Large disk followed by blackhawk helicopter flying very low over our heads.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax.  PD));2004-07-10 21:15:00;10;Large disk followed by blackhawk helicopter flying very low over our heads My friend and I were located in the Mojave desert north of Victorville.  What attracted our attention was the loud noise from a Blackhawk helicopter beating as it was flying as top speed with white lights pointing forward and about a half mile ahead of the helicopter was a very low flying disk.  It was very large (larger than 747)and made no noise, it was as if it was floating in the air and the flying so low that I could have shined a flashlight on it.  I could not tell if the helicopter was just following the craft or chasing the craft.  I believe the blackhawk was trying its best to keep up with the craft and because the lightes were pointing forward, I am sure the craft was just following the craft.  The craft may have had troops on board in case it crashed and would be able to secure the area if it crashed.  We were very frightened as the craft flew over our heads and condinued flying south and we lost sight of the craft and helicopter over the city of Victorville.  There were absolutely no lights on the craft.  Iam retired military and well aware of what blackhawk helicopter looks like, the helicpoter was completely black and no markings visible. It is very strange that an object that large should have made a tremendous nois, but not a sound could be heard,,only the helicopter following it.  Both craft and helicopter flew very low over our heads and I am sure they saw us looking up and watching it fly over our heads.  The craft we saw could not have been man made...our technology is not that advanced. We both have been very reluctant to say anything to anyone.  My friend still does not like to talk about it.  Afraid of what may happen if the word gets out what we saw.  Since that date, we both have witnessed another UFO over the town of Norco, California.  I really need some time to be able to talk about it.  Well, I felt someone should know what happened that night and I am sure the government has full knowledge and access to such craft from other worlds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates Victorville, HI, located in San Bernardino, CA.  Report may be a hoax.  PD));34.491677927928;-117.37413490991
