We observed 3 triangular shaped high speed objects!;1991-10-10 22:00:00;10 minutes;We observed 3 triangular shaped high speed objects! I decided to report this since I came across your web-site. Its something I have been wondering about for a long time. Do you have any record of this that covers the period somewhere between 1990 to 1992. It was during the month of Sept., Oct.,or Nov..I can't recall the exact date. Well anyway, a friend and I were outside our place of work talking about the beautiful night and all the stars you could see. It was one of those cold and clear fall nights with no moon or clouds in the sky.I said to my friend, What in the hell is that?-Do you see that?. She was just as amazed as I was! I thought I was seeing things, but the objects were so defined, distinct and visibly clear. They were triangular shaped with a strange bluish color on each of its three perimeters, and dark in the interior area space.We did not hear any sound. They were seemingly at a very high altitude and moving in very random and rapid directions, with instantaneous change in directions. Almost like they were playing some sort of game or something? I have no idea what they were? I've told several people over the years and of course they think I'm nuts. That never bothered me because I would've thought the same of someone else, if I had never experienced what I saw. So I figured its our own little secret. I'm no UFO nut or anything, but every now and then I go check out some web-sites because of my curiosity. What I am seeing is more and more depictions of sightings that are very similar to what we saw that one evening.Which makes me feel better and somewhat in AWE! So I came upon your web-site today and decided to send this in to see if you have any record of other witnesses with similar reports from that time period. Or if you do not, is there any other organization or site where I could research this? ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.2905597315436;-76.8439073825503
Triangle w/ 1 light on each point.;1996-12-24 10:30:00;5 min.;Triangle w/ 1 light on each point. I just want you to know, I'm only 15. My mom, dad, sister and I were driving down a road close to our house when I noticed an object pretty close to the ground. there were no sounds. eventually, we were practically under it and it was flying a little faster than it's slow speed.  It had 3 visible lights one on each tip of the black triangular shape.  my sister got scared because i said it looked exactly like something i saw in a dream just a few days earlier.  When we got home(we were a street away) my dog was barking insanely.  I witnised the object one other time since then. I ob served it this time in my house.  I was at the computer a little while after Christmas this year(1999) when something told me to look out the window above the computer and i saw it again.  Both times it was close to the ground, silent, and always heading in the direction of south-east toward my local air-port but both times, the air-port denies a craft such as that or any-craft coming from the direction of my house's area.  I think it might be the infamous Aroura Project but the government won't tell me if it exists and if it does, was it in my area.;40.2905597315436;-76.8439073825503
Huge Flying Black Triangle;1998-08-10 22:00:00;30 minutes;Huge Flying Black Triangle This event happened around 8 years ago.  I was with two friends of mine talking in our development outside our houses.  At the time were High School students just talking about life.  As we were talking we noticed a helicopter object that seemed to be hovering by the Blue Mountain.  We assumed at first it was Life Lion (the local helicopter rescue service) trying to save someone around the mountain.  What surprised us was the amount of time it hovered about the mountain.  I was used to Life Lion rushing to a scene and then rushing back to the hospital.  But it wasn't the case here.  So I pointed it out in our conversation we were having and then realized the object was coming our direction, which we thought was normal because we were on the way to the hospital.  Then things got strange.  The speed of the object increased and it seemed to be upon us in moments.  Now at the time, I was taking flying lessons and I knew nothing could move that fast except a jet, and a very fast jet at that.  It would have to be approaching Mach 1 to be able to move from the mountain to us in mere seconds.   As it quickly approached we saw the object wasn't a helicopter at all but something quite different.  As it approached we saw that it had 3 points and was shaped like a triagle.   As it got closer we realized that the object was HUGE and very low.  The object was more of a isosceles triangle with the front point the brightest.   The object was about a football field long and 50 yards wide.   When it came upon us we thought it would fly over because it was moving so fast but then slowed to a crawl.  It came right above us at about 200 to 300 feet.  It made very little noise if any noise at all.  I kinda remember a hum though.   At this point we were in shock of the object because it had stopped with its brightest front point right above us.   A few seconds past and then the bright front point of the ship shot a spot light on the street in front of us.  I can only describe it as human made spot light.  Everything about this object seemed completely outstanding except the light.  It just seemed like a spot light.   Needless to say my companions and myself were not going to stay put and test the theory out.  So we ran for cover.  I ran to a basketball pole and by the time I got there I realized that the light stopped.  I looked up and the object was then heading South-East towards Hershey. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.2905597315436;-76.8439073825503
My son and I were driving home I-83 N on our way home.  I saw something to my left but in front of me. ((anonymous report));2016-11-01 19:30:00;~15 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Anonymous report.  We have no way of knowing whether the report is serious-minded, or whether it might be intended as a hoax.  PD)) My son and I were driving home coming down I-83 N on our way home.  As I was driving, I saw something to my left but in front of me move very quickly.  It looked like a fireball that shot up into the sky then plummeted back down into the mountains.  The color though was strange.  It glowed and was almost like blue green, but more green then anything.  I almost wrecked my car and asked my son if he had just seen what I did.  He said yes, and asked what it was.  I really couldn't explain it. A few minutes later, we arrived at home.  We both are getting out of the car, when I hear a faint noise above me.  It's not loud like an airplane or a helicopter, but I could hear something.  I mentioned the sound being weird to my son, and as I said that I noticed he was staring up into the sky asking me what he was looking at.  So I looked and it was this huge, triangle, thing hovering in the sky.  It was moving, but at a pace where it was slow enough to watch.  I stared at it in pure disbelief.  It was triangular in shape, black or like a very dark gray in color, had a circle on the bottom with lines through it of what I could see and a red light on each corner of the triangle.  It was also very low.  If it would have come down a few like 12 feet further, it would have hit the tops of the houses where I live. My son was so scared and was yelling for me to go inside, but all I could do was stand there and watch it move.  It took about 7 minutes to fully disappear back into the sky, but was gone just as fast as it appeared. A few days later the electric in my home started going haywire.  I would come home from work to see all of my clocks blinking.  I had to reset things in my house about 7 times over the last 2 weeks but no one else in our area had any kinds of issues. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.2905597315436;-76.8439073825503
An all black triangle, medium sized, crossed the sky over the highway (81s) moving fast causing multiple vehicles to stop on the road.;2019-04-11 13:00:00;1 minute;An all black triangle, medium sized, crossed the sky over the highway (81s) moving fast causing multiple vehicles to stop on the road. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.2905597315436;-76.8439073825503
