Reddish object sits still for 10 minutes and then shoots across sky;2003-08-30 21:00:00;10 minutes;Reddish object sits still for 10 minutes and then shoots across sky I was outside of a Walmart store sitting on a bench waiting for a friend who was in the check out line inside the store.  As I sat on a bench waiting on him, I was watching what I thought was Mars straight ahead in my view. It was a reddish-orange color and I watched it for approximately 10 minutes when suddenly it just disappeared. I never took my eyes off of it & saw it just blink out.  Just then my friend came out & I was telling him about it as we walked toward his car when I looked up and saw what seemed to be (judging by the color) the same object moving across the sky toward the moon. A few notes about this is: When I first saw it before it disappeared, it never blinked or moved at all until it disappeared. It appeared to be round.  The second time I saw it, as it moved across the sky, it would blink off for about a second and a half and appear at a further distance and as it moved, it seemd to move in a sliding motion as it seemed to pause for about 2 seconds and then move some more. It was hard to distinguish the shape due to the blink. I lost sight of it after about six of these jumps from one spot to another in a straight line. Also, there were others outside so I'm sure they saw it too;40.2905597315436;-76.8439073825503
2 years ago I had an extreme close fly-by of a blue light.;2014-04-23 23:20:00;60 seconds;I drive semi.  I should have been reporting my experiences for the last 32 years.  2 years ago I had an extreme close flyby of a blue lightly glowing ball as big as my cab.  It darted across the highway in front of me and paralleled me on my right side and slowed down as it did. I have more questions and somewhat angry feelings with that one.  Primarily because I could have ditched my rig when it crossed in front of me.  Out of fear. Reckless ufo. Sorry.  Tonight's encounter started as a ball of red light in the distance that did not move for a bit. I'm approaching it at a few miles away..  So I'll just stay with what I saw and try my best to stay focused for you.   When it started coming more toward me eastbound along the highway it morphed to a green/blue.  No blinking lights at all.  It changed to a low lit white and then back to red.   There was confusion in the cab with my gf and the iPhone and me not wanting to take my eyes off of it so nothing of worth was captured except us talking and I can't tell if the light in the video was the tower or not so..   I stopped the truck on the shoulder and this thing stopped moving too.  It was on my left near a tower with red lights and you couldn't tell the difference between the two.   More confusion in the truck and I was not responsive enough to obey the gf to simply take the phone and film.   It then changed to that Christmas green and it was a strange light.  Not a spotlight or incandescent type light. It was as if me eyeball was staring into a laser.  Best way to describe it.   It was a dancing brilliant blob if light and the way it shifted from red to green was odd.  Hard to describe.  Not like what I would see with a helicopter or plane.  After it changed green it started moving again eastbound following the highway.   No one was stopping to look at this thing!  It went low lit white real quickly after starting to move and by the time I stuck the phone out the window it was way behind me.  And just kept going.   I want to believe it stopped because I stopped.  But I have the gf who witnessed most of this but I don't think she was intent on really focussing on what was happening as I was.   The color morph was crazy beautiful.   One more thing, two really...  When it stopped i personally think it was mimicking the tower because of the sudden volume of traffic.   I also think it was doing a piss poor job of mimicking police helicopter lights.  I see them all the time here.  Not police helicopter lights.   It was some kind of later like project ion in a blob form.  Like laser light in a semi incandescent form.;40.2905597315436;-76.8439073825503
Dim light close to venus quickly becoming brighter than venus and then fading away. happened total of approx 10 times;2020-03-05 20:17:00;10 minutes;dim light close to venus quickly becoming brighter than venus and then fading away. happened total of approx 10 times i was looking at venus which was very bright. and to the right of venus i saw a dim light which rapidly become brighter and faded again. it appeared the light was traveling in the sky. once it would disappear, the dim light would reappear again, get brighter (noticeably brighter than venus) and fade back out over a 3 second period. every time the dim light would reappear it would start over again in the same spot the original dim light would appear. we watched this loop cycle of 3 passes of the dim light appearing, getting increasing brighter and fading again. then there would be nothing for a few minutes only to have the loop cycle start over again. we live near an airport and are very familiar with aircraft sights and sounds, this was not a plane. and due to the tree line it was above, it was very easy to track the path of the light and notice that every time it started over, it was from the same spot in the sky. so just to clarify it was not a! light traveling in a long line, increasing and fading in brightness. this light always started at the same location and ended in the same location;40.2905597315436;-76.8439073825503
