A glowing, riding lawn mower after a thunderstorm?!?!;2000-12-10 01:10:00;less then 5 seconds;A glowing, riding lawn mower after a thunderstorm?!?! I was up late because of the thunderstorm that had just passed though our area.  I had been looking out the window periodically to see if I could see any lightning strikes.  It was slightly foggy also.  The storm was over and I was about to go to bed when I noticed a light coming though the window shades.  I opend the blinds and in my neighbors yard about 100 yars away and only around 30 feet in there air, a very bright object was glowing infront of some trees.  It was ovalish and one end was slightly tilted up.  The thing had a metalic, band through the middle with atleast 3, round, bright windows that did not seem to orbit the craft.  It was very bright but did not seem to light up and trees around it.  The ball of light was bright yellow, with long rays of light coming off of it, like the Rising Sun in the Japanese flag. The metalic band was silver/white, and was slightly brighter then the yellow.  The windows were even brighter and may have been spot lights, they were yellow also.  I had only seen it for a second or two when it started to move slowly twards the South East, it passed behind a few trees then back into the open and into my other nighbors back yard.  It had moved over  about 40 or 50 feet, and had gained about 10 feet in altatude (it was moving diaganaly).  It quickly dimmed, a tiny bit then disapeared giving the impression that it moved faster then the speed of light.  I did not hear anything at that time.  It seemed like the craft knew I was looking at it so it disapeared. And the next day I rememberd also seeing a shadow move infront of one of the  windows, but I am not sure if I actually saw it.  I have no idea what that was,  could it have been a ball of lightning?  I could also tell the next day that the UFO was atleast as big as a riding lawn mower.. Later that night I heard a two toned buzzing sound that sounded like something was idling and somthing else was spining at the same time.     Disk shaped with a very bright opaque aura or an oval with a band through the middle,  ver! y odd.;37.6880337748344;-77.5423523178809
