3 Orange/red balls seen by police officer.;2013-01-01 00:10:00;3-4 minutes;3 Orange/red balls seen by police officer At approximately 0010 hours on 1/1/2013, I was on patrol (police officer) attempting to avoid the fireworks going off in my town (New Years Eve parties). I decided to drive to the far north end of town and observed what I thought were three (3) planes flying unusually close and moving faster than normal in an east bound direction.  The objects were flying single file behind one another with approximately 500 to 1000 yards behind one another.  I would describe the objects as pulsing orange and red (more red) and from my distance would appear circular.  However due to distance, an actual shape could not be conclusively determined. My first impression was that these planes were flying way to close for FAA regulations and were moving faster than normal. It is important to note that these objects were due north of a medium sized airport.  It is also important to note that I have lived right under a major airport highway for a major city airport and my town is in a direct path way (most of the time) to this airport mentioned above.  I state this simply because I have a lot of experience watching planes take of and land.  I am also very aware of normal lights on planes.  I am also aware of covert lighting, dim/ no lighting procedures. I would guess that if a plane normal plane is moving at 500-600 miles per hour at this altitude (10-15,000 ft?), these objects were moving under super sonic speed but pretty close.  It is a cloudy night tonight and these objects could be seen for some distance to the east.  By the time they flew over me and I was able to get my binoculars out of my trunk, they were gone.  That was fast.  It took me approximately two minutes to dig for them. Finally, the only other comments I could state is that they were not blinking lights on the wings of a plane.  The object would have been totally engulfed by what ever this red/orange object was.  It was moving too fast to be commercial aircraft, which would have been in that particular area.  I am not aware of any further witnesses, but people driving home may have seen me point my spot light at the last object for a brief moment.  This seemed to slow it down for a second. It then flew at the high rate of speed, out of sight.;40.6986;-75.4834
Bright motionless-less light object.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus??  PD));2020-04-06 21:00:00;45 minutes;Bright motionless-less light object At about 9:00pm I was outside and say a very bright light north west of my home near Bath PA 18014 in the direction of the Blue Mountain.  I noticed it was motionless and made no sound.  I went inside to get my wife and daughter and they came out to see what I described.  Their thoughts were it was a helicopter, a balloon with lights, or a blimp.  As it did not move, made zero sound and was extremely bright I personally assumed it was a UFO.  I have never witnessed such a bright motionless object.  The distance from my vantage point was more than a mile but again, it was at the same place for 35-40 minutes and again, no sound.;40.6986;-75.4834
