As bright as a pulsating star and as fast as the blink of an eye;2012-03-20 20:30:00;2 hours;As bright as a pulsating star and as fast as the blink of an eye  500 Lights On Object0: Yes At 8:30 pm I was taking trash out and saw red pulsing sphere like reflector thing in woods across street , then it turned goldish and turned to left and then disappeared over Lake. When I turned around there was a super bright light over west side of my property. Bright pulsing light that hurt the eyes to look at. After about 45 seconds it moved to left abruptly  then up, then back and started to pulse ( in a rhythm like a heart beat) . I ran in house got camera and my wife to see! Then it got brighter and another one appeared to it's right much smaller and pulsed as well. The bigger one darted to the left, stopped on a dime and vanished. the little one stayed there until 10:30 pm at which time it vanished.  The dog would not go outside! I took pictures with my  digital camera and used my cell phone to capture what I could on video. The whole thing exhausted me and my wife so we sat down on the sofa at 10:30 and woke up at 1:30 a.m. on the couch and went to ! bed. I had really strange dreams as well all night and a weird smell like wet limestone or concrete and a bad taste in my mouth like a bitter burning taste sensation. I wasn't going to report it because it was so damn weird but I can't explain any off it. It was a very bizarre night and was wondering if anyone else saw anything. I asked my neighbor who was raking leaves this morning and she didn't see anything ! The pictures are strange as well. It, they,  look like a gold sort of clam shell shaped thing in some pictures and like a oval welding light with a green blue halo and then like a white glow. It was an extremely clear warm night. Even saw a shooting star when we were watching these things. I should note that shortly after these things left a very low flying helicopter flew directly at it's location from east to west right over our home. I don't know if it was related but thought it should be mentioned.;41.7335;-72.3739
