Two humanoid shapes visible inside lit window of craft.;1989-05-30 21:00:00;10 - 15 minutes?;Two humanoid shapes visible inside lit window of craft. Heard on C2C that you are interested in old sightings. Here's one I had years ago and didn't know where to report it. While walking at night in our small rural town, I was stargazing as I walked and noticed a bright gold light approaching from the south. At first I thought it was a star, but quickly remembered that there are no stars like that in the southern sky and planets are never as low in the sky where I first spotted it. It gave the appearance of Jupiter, all gold and glowing steadily. I think the reason I didn't think of it as an moving object at first was because it was approaching so slowly. Then I noticed the movement against a tree limb. I watched until the light started to elongate, this was due to it's coming nearer, I don't believe it changed shape. When it got close enough, I could see that it was a rectangular shape. For some reason I think it decended as it neared the town... My mouth dropped open when I could distinguish two dark, backlit shapes in the window. They were human-looking in size and were visible from the waist up. Since the gold light was so strong behind them, I could see no features. Just the shape of heads and shoulders. They were side by side, not quite touching. There was absolutely no noise. There was also no other shape discernable that I can recall. It is strange that I can remember no other details or the exact time I saw this or really how long it lasted. I only remember watching the approach and looking up and being in awe. When the craft was almost out of my sight range to the north, I shook my head to clear it, and ran to a nearby gas station to see if anyone else had witnessed what I had. They were closed. I couldn't find anyone, anywhere! I felt like I was alone in town... I ran back home, which was close and found binoculars but the light, by this time, only looked like a slowly dimming gold dot, in the binoculars. I remember telling my family about this and my Dad told me that he had seen almost the identical thing in Eugene, Oregon, back in the early 70's, only the window that was lit up on the craft he saw was bluish. I will have him report his sighting. Interesting that they are so similar. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));44.7809000000001;-117.8267
