Five lights in the night sky. Each light flickered a bit before it fully turned on. Maybe one large Aircraft;2006-12-15 20:00:00;Hours;Five lights in the night sky. Each light flickered a bit before it fully turned on. Maybe one large Aircraft I was about 10 years old and my father was coming home from a business trip. He had walked in the door and forgot his briefcase in his trunk he had asked me to go outside and get his briefcase for him excited to see my father I ran out the door and went to the trunk of his car. I opened his trunk and grabbed his briefcase and at the exact moment this happened I saw something appear out of the corner of my eye. I saw and watched in disbelief as three lights turned on in the night sky and stayed floating there in the same exact fixed spot. By the time the third light had turned on I was running back inside as fast as I could because my gut told me exactly what it was because I had never seen anything do that before even as a little boy who owned a telescope and frequently watched the stars at night with my father and I don’t neighbor. I ran back inside in tears I was so scared and all I could otter out of my mouth was that they were here. We all went back outs! ide as a family and by the time they had calmed me down and I had dragged them back outside the entire neighborhood was basically outside watching what was now five lights in a perfect horizontal formation above the tree line to the south end of my parents neighborhood. The lights stayed in the exact same spot hovering there is more and more helicopters surrounded them. This went on for about an hour and then the lights turned on access information from horizontal to perpendicular. The lights then stayed like that for a while. About an hour after that the lights returned to their original horizontal formation and then turned off in the exact same order that they appeared in. My father was also friends with a federal air marshal that lived up the street from us. He had been on multiple deployments in his life and had been a part of the United States Navy and Army before becoming a federal Air Marshal. Years later my father told me that he had alluded to the fact that they we! re UFOs but could not say. The air marshals final statement to my fat er was that they were just experimental military grade flares. Even as a young boy I knew that flares did not do that.;39.7576;-74.2496000000001
