I exited my vehicle at about 7pm est and a greenish light caught my attention from the corner of my eye.  It was travelling from my lef;1999-11-16 19:02:00;15-20 seconds;I exited my vehicle at about 7pm est and a greenish light caught my attention from the corner of my eye.  It was travelling from my left to my right, west to east.  I watched the light until I could no longer see it, 15-20 seconds.  It was behind a group of trees so I never saw it in the open sky.  The color remained greenish with white splotches. When I first saw the object it was just a spere or ball shape.  It startled me so I dashed from my vehicle to the corner of my house, about 3 seconds.  When I next looked the object had elongated into what looked like a streak of green and white.  There were many breaks in the streak because of the trees.  My first thought was that it might have been a firecraker someone had set off, but it lasted to long.  It appeared that from the head area little white lights kept on being emitted.  The light  travelled from my left to my right, which would be a west to east direction.  It maintained a straight path, never vering in any direction.  I never saw the object in the open sky, as it moved behind a tree line in front of my house.  We live on a hill and I had only a slight upward glance to see it plainly.  It appeared to be very close to the ground from my perspective.  I have never seen anything like this before.  I have seen shooting stars and this was nothing like that.  The closest thing I could think of that it resembled was seeing fireworks on the 4th of July, close, right here in my own town.  I contacted our local sheriffs office the morning, 11/17/99, to see if anyone else had seen this light.  They told me that they had received about 200 call regarding this light starting at about 7:02pm est the night of the 16th.  I was told of Eric Shipman who also saw the light, and who has contacted your office via phone.  We had a great talk and I got your website from him in order to file this report.  I don't necessarily need to be contacted by an investigator, but have no objection to it either.  If you are interested in the number of our local sheriff office it is 740-286-6464.  I don't know what kind of information they documented regarding all the calls they got. But it might be another source for your office.;39.0454;-82.6418000000001
