Object seen as round light initially, changed colors white to yellow, orange-red, yellow, white, then split into 2 white lights with re;1998-02-12 22:15:00;app.  10 min;Object seen as round light initially, changed colors white to yellow, orange-red, yellow, white, then split into 2 white lights with red strobing (not flashing) center. Finally changed back to white and yellow oval.  At times moved slowly, other times hovered. Changed direction several times.  Lost it as it went down below treetop level in Brookfield, OH My husband and I were heading north on rt. 62 between Hubbard, OH and Sharon, PA.. As we were nearing Sharon, PA,  I noticed a large white round light off to the east, over the areas of Sharon and Wheatland PA.  The object was about the size of a dime held at an arm's length.  The weather was cloudy, the temperature was 30 degrees.  It was dry at the time. The object moved slowly towards the southeast.  It changes color from white to yellow, then yellow to orange-red, then back to a pale yellow.  It hovered motionless by a set of radio towers for Y-103 FM radio station for approx. 2 minutes. The object then became two round white lights with a red small light in the middle, and began to move west closer to us, over the state line and into Masury and Brookfield, OH.  It crossed behind us as we drove into the Sharon, PA  /  Masury, OH area.  It continued to move west and descended below treetop level in Brookfield, OH.  Several times it showed in the same area on the eastern side of Brookfield, just above the trees, but was a white - to-yellow oval once again.  We pulled into our driveway, and the object was gone.;41.2311;-80.5004
Two Hour Abduction in Sharon, PA;2002-08-13 21:06:00;2hr 15min;((NUFORC Note:  Thanks to the investigation by Kenny Young and Donnie Blessing, we now believe that this report is a hoax.  They can be reached at <ufo@FUSE.net>.  Their website is:    <http://home.fuse.net/ufo>  PD)) Two Hour Abduction in Sharon, PA I was leaving my office in the Medical Center when I saw the craft.  I went blank.  Two hours later I awakened.  I was still standing and there were two incisions on my abdomin ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested more information about the wound.  Witness identifies self as a medical professional.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Kenny Young and Donnie Blessing for following up on this report.  It appears that the original report was a hoax.  PD)) After receiving the information on this story from Peter Davenport I tried calling the phone number that was provided to me from the contact info.  The number 724-((deleted)) belongs to an ((deleted))  agency by the name of ((deleted)) in Sharon, Pa. This place seemed to never be open after trying to call every  day for several weeks.  I would leave messages for Dr. ((deleted)) to call me.   The calls were never returned.  At one point I finally reached a receptionist.  When asked for a Dr. ((deleted)), she replied there is a ((deleted)) who works here but he is not a doctor.  I asked to speak to him and was told he was not there much and to leave a message. I left my name and number again.  The call was never returned.  In the mean time I was discussing this with Kenny Young.  He tried to call many times also.  He also got the run around by the same receptionist who, by the way, said they were open every day.  That was not true. Finally he was able to reach Mr. ((deleted)) after a 2 month battle with unreturned calls and no one in the office.  Mr. ((deleted)) informed Kenny that he had filed the report for someone else.  He would not disclose who it was.  He told Kenny that he would pass along Kenny's name and number to the claimant.  Of course Kenny nor I have heard anything from the claimant. I have concluded that this case was a hoax.  The reasons why I believe this to be so are the following: 1. I believe that Mr. ((deleted)) knew we were trying to contact him and he refused to acknowledge our effects.   2. He was evasive in comments made to Kenny when he was finally reached 3. When reporting the incident to NUFORC, we were led to believe that this happened to him personally. 4. He presented himself as a doctor in the NUFORC contact information and said he was leaving a medical building when this occurred.  He was a medical doctor.  He was not a doctor. 5. I believe that if he had been reporting this for someone else he would have stated that in the contact info instead of leading us to believe it was him this happened to. The above reasons are why I had not gotten back to you on this case sooner.  Kenny and I were hoping that maybe there was a chance we would hear from the real claimant However, as of this date I conclude that this case is closed.  Filed 1/9/03 Donnie Blessing  <ufo@FUSE.net> ((END FOLLOW UP));41.2311;-80.5004
