Blue-tinted orb observed appearing and suddenly disappearing.  Sighted from the West Hill in Sharon, PA.;2011-08-30 20:36:00;1-3 minutes;Blue-tinted orb observed appearing and suddenly disappearing.  Sighted from the West Hill in Sharon, PA. An object, very distant in the sky appeared facing East from Sharon's West Hill.  After slowing moving across the sky from South to North.  There was no lights visibly blinking, just an ominous blue glow to it.  Once it spanned a considerable portion of the sky that was visible, it seemed to suddenly accelerate at an alarming rate after a shift in direction, and disappeared into the clouds.;41.2311;-80.5004
4 very bright white lights in a narrow diamond pattern, 2 middle lights flashing in synch, floating in sky;2014-02-12 23:00:00;2 minutes;4 very bright white lights in a narrow diamond pattern, 2 middle lights flashing in synch, floating in sky Four, very bright white lights with similar intensity of those on radio or TV transmission towers in an elongated diamond pattern floating/moving across sky at a low altitude.  The 2 lights that would essentially make up the mid points of the diamond were flashing in fast synchronization.   Cannot give an accurate description as to how large object was, but it seemed rather large, given how far they were from my location.   Watched for approximately 1-2 minutes at my location.   Decided to depart in order for a better view but didn’t see them again. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Addendum to diamond shaped lights report:  Sorry I failed to note the following in my initial report.  Diamond pattern was perpendicular to ground not horizontal.  I hope this change does not disqualify my report.  It was an amazing site, though!  Thank you. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  We wonder whether the year of the sighting was, in fact, 2014, or whether the witness might have intended a date of 2015.  However, we have no way of contacting him/her, to confirm the date.  PD));41.2311;-80.5004
