Spotted a stationary pinkish light then it disappeared;2011-04-09 20:30:00;about 30 seconds;Spotted a stationary pinkish light then it disappeared Last night we went outside to view an iridium flare (satellite Iridium 47) visible in the Niagara region at 8:26pm.  It was partially cloudy and that was mainly to the south.  It was a bright -5.6M flare and just as one of the websites predicted, it was there at the location that the website said it would be and there was nothing else that was to follow.  (Link for the flare being viewed:  http://www.heavens-above.com/flaredetails.asp?SatID=25106&lat=42.886&lng=-78.879&alt=183&loc=Buffalo&TZ=EST&Date=40643.018484537&Mirror=1)   Polaris was becoming more visible at the time and other brighter stars were more visible.  After the flare took place I noticed a fuzzy object about 10 degrees (to the NW) away from the star Capella, which was to the west.   This was a pink-like (almost orange) object that appeared like a bright star with fuzziness then just faded away.   It was actually brighter (about -3 magnitude) than Capella, which made it most noticeable.   Unlike the satellite that created the iridium flare, which was moving, this object was stationary.  Since spotting this object the entire viewing was about fifteen seconds.  I am uncertain how long it was there prior to viewing the flare.   I do not know if this was a weather balloon or something else.  Many of the satellites I have seen do not last too long in view and move across the sky, this object did not move and faded out of site. I did have my Olympus DSLR camera at the time to photograph the flare, but I was not prepared for that object.  There was a brief moment where the maxing moon had a minor halo around it due to light clouds and may have caused the fuzziness around the object.   Why it disappeared is another thing.;43.0183;-78.9591
A noiseless and oscillating bright light in the eastern sky was moving from the south to the north.;2011-08-13 21:50:00;40-60 seconds;A noiseless and oscillating bright light in the eastern sky was moving from the south to the north. A hour or so prior we saw the ISS crossing the sky to the south, that was very distinguishable. I was trying to photograph an iridium flare to the east when later my wife noticed a bright enough light (-2M) approaching from the south.  We though this could be the ISS again, but it was too soon. We noticed it in the southeast and it was moving north at the pace that the ISS would.  The only difference is that this light was oscillating in brightness as it was moving and it would fade to about half the brightness before becoming bright again.  I thought this would be tumbling iridium, but from what I understand tumbling iridium is not that visible to the naked eye.  The object made no sound and had no flashing lights the way a commercial plane/jet would have.  As soon as it got almost 90 degrees east it slowly disappeared. I had my camera ready and captured 30 seconds of the final moments before it disappeared.  The original photo will be e-mailed for further investigation.;43.0183;-78.9591
2 seperate instances of Unexplained Lights in the Sky.;2014-09-28 23:00:00;1 minute;2 seperate instances of Unexplained Lights in the Sky. Traveling 190N bound entering the whitehaven on ramp.  I noticed what at first I thought were possibly stars, until I noticed the subtle drifting movements and glowing  from bright to dim, and then also the formation that was V in shape with 2 objects vertical and 1 object at a point creating the formation that held and as it was slowling drifting until the light faded to black.  I did take the time to assure that these were not stars and were of another nature. On a seperate night (1-2 nights) previous in the same location, I observed 1 object that was a cluster of colored lights, and unable to make out shape.  It caught my attention enough to pull over on the entrance ramp and observe that it was not a plane or helicopter.  And was stationary in 1 spot.  I attempted to record video which have saved but did not come out well with out professional enhancement. I'm decided to report what I saw after hearing from friends and word of mouth of mulitble accounts of unexplained sightings the same evening or time frame.  And feel what I saw is absolutely relevent. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.0183;-78.9591
