15+ Orangish Red lights/orbs sitting in one spot of sky for 20 minutes before a light shot off into north direction then lights vanis;2015-07-27 22:00:00;15 minutes;15+ Orangish Red lights / orbs sitting in one spot of sky for 20 minutes before a light shot off into north direction then lights vanis 15-20 large orangish red lights  or orbs of light witnessed hovering, or a better word would be stationary, for minutes before they vanished.  A light on the right hand side of this extremely large cluster of lights slowly descended and then shot out to the EAST at a crazy high speed, moments after is when the lights went out. On the night of July 27th, at 10 pm Eastern Time, I was outside burning trash and yard clippings.  Once I got the fire going in my burn barrel I had turned and began to walk to the house to get my kids to grab the marshmallows and stuff to have s'mores.  While walking back to the house, a brightness in the north sky.  I paused in my tracks for a few moments.   When I realized there was no valid explanation for these lights, I dashed to the house and began to yell and bang on the living room window to get my 2 kids to come outside and see.  I turned on my iPhone 5S and began to record.  Unfortunately it did not pick up anything, except for the sound where my 13 year old daughter says, I am so confused.   My daughter, son and myself stood in shock as we witnessed these lights/orbs just sitting in the northern sky.  We were throwing out ideas as to what these lights could be. Fireworks and Chinese lanterns are not a possibility as all of these lights seemed to be connected like it was one extremely large craft and the lights were not moving by the force of air/wind, nor were they falling so space debris or falling stars are not options either. When the lights went out we stood outside for minutes looking for them to reappear somewhere.  After a few minutes, we all came inside and we each drew a picture of what we had witnessed. We did not speak about it beforehand and I told them we would not discuss until after we drew what we seen and compared drawings.  Needless to say, the 3 drawings are nearly identical. From that night forward, I have spent quite a bit of time outside at night looking in the sky.  When I used search engine to see if anyone else had witnessed this, I came across this website which have way too many similar sightings reported but none on that night.  I can also tell you I witnessed a few more very strange occurrences since that night.   I am puzzled as to what all this could be.  There are no local Air Force bases that I can think of for this to be explained.  Besides, these lights were way to big and not moving at all for these to be explained with what we know about today with aviation and Gravity.;39.9473;-75.9746
