Cigar shaped craft going North to South over Mount Shasta, California 9/2014;2014-09-15 15:00:00;5 minutes;Cigar shaped craft going North to South over Mount Shasta, California 9/2014 Sometime between 9/11/2014 and 9/27/2014, I was out in my back yard at the table with two friends.  I looked up and became aware that the approaching “jet” in the N/S flight route, did not appear to have wings. So I said something to my friends, who seemed unimpressed.. and kept on talking.  It was fairly high and I had time to go in the house and get my binoculars and camera.  I looked through the binoculars and said, yep, no wings, and again tried to get my friends interested, to no avail.   I then got the camera out and I had to zoom all the way out.  Took a picture when it was closer and about to start going away. It was to the extreme east hand side of the regular N/S flight route.  I don’t know why my friends would not get interested.  I don’t know why I forgot the sighting until I was looking back through photos and came across it. Funny thing is, everything before it is date stamped, and everything except the one right next to it, is date stamped.  There is a gap from 9/11 to 9/27. No lights, no windows, no writing, dark colored.  Just came into sight, flew by, and out of sight.    Total duration:  5 to 7 minutes?  No sound.  No other aircraft seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));41.3174;-122.324
3rd sighting of a tube/cigar shaped craft flying South to North, the 1st being stationary over Mt. Shasta City.;2016-03-16 14:00:00;>5 minutes;3rd sighting of a tube/cigar shaped craft flying South to North, the 1st being stationary over Mt. Shasta City. I live in Mt. Shasta, California.  I am about 60 miles from the Oregon border.   About two weeks ago, I saw a cigar or tube shaped craft flying northward, and my eyes and my daughter followed it for about 5, or so, minutes duration, until out of sight over the Mountain. I saw the same kind of craft last year that was somewhat higher in the sky this this latest one.  Oddly enough, they both took the same flight path though a year apart. South to the North and out of sight.  Both days I/we saw this, it was a clear blue sky with the sun behind us.  We used binoculars on the first one, from last year and I will attached a picture of that one. I can't embed the picture with this report as the computer says I'm missing some DLL file.  I will send it separately using my name and today's date. This year’s sighting was of the same type of craft, same flight route. Low enough to get over the 14,000 foot mountain and not much  more.  At no time during either sighting, there were no wings visible during the whole sighting, which literally was watched from the south to the north.  No flashing lights on either sighting.  No noise was heard. It wasn’t flying that fast. No tail rudder, no wings, no exhaust, no noise, no windows, no writing on it, no flashing lights or a hint of wings in the sun at any time produced a sight other than a tube or cigar shaped flying craft. It should be noted that both of these sightings were to the east side of the regular planes normal N/S flight routes.  I would think that during either of these sightings, there must have been regular planes that saw it, being in the regular N/S flight area. So to recap last year and this year I , and others saw this tube/cigar craft flying N/S air routes, with the object this year was higher than the 2nd one. I also have seen this same type of craft fairly up close and personal when I was when I was 6.  It should be noted that this first sighting was over the old drive in movie theater, and was HANGING STATIONARY with a tilt like this:  /.  I’d guess by the size of the trees now, that it was no more than 2 to 3 hundred feet in the air, not moving or drifting, again no sound, windows, writing or any burnt marks (as my dad showed me a paragraph it made in the Sacramento Bee, which claimed it was space junk falling to earth)  That was absolutely not the case, even though it was about 1966 at that time, I had watched many rockets lift off as we enjoyed watching together.  So I had an idea of what a regular rocket vs plane looked like at that time. I noticed many cars pulling off the road to watch this thing hanging the air at a such a low altitude, and not falling, flying, or moving at all.  This was at the junction of HWY 89 where it enters I-5.  Lots of cars pulled off the road to wat! ch.  It actually got a bit boring to me as a kid, it wasn’t doing anything but hanging there and we finally left. So I told my Dad about it.  After a few days, he showed me a newspaper report on the sighting which reported it as falling space junk.... I said no Daddy, that’s not right.  It wasn’t falling and there were no words on it, it was silver, not white, and no burn marks on it.  My mother and younger sister were with me.  My sister does not remember it. When I made the report of this first sighting, there was only 1 pilot who had also made a report of seeing this tube/cigar, in the air while he was flying in the area. Attached is the picture of the one I saw last summer.  It is just like the one from a few weeks ago, same S to N flight, only higher than the one a few weeks ago. Thanks you for listening to my story.;41.3174;-122.324
