Please help i dont wanna go to jail but i wanna show what i found;2011-12-07 07:23:00;5 mins;please help i dont wanna go to jail but i wanna show what i found I was hiking mount Shasta and found a crashed circular craft as of yesterday its still there.  Can I keep it?  Will I be imprisioned if I know about it should I just keep quiet?;41.3174;-122.324
Red lights flashing at one sec intervals on Mount Shasta, forms a circular or disc shape, located in the mountain area, below Bunny Fla;2015-07-17 17:00:00;4 hours;Red lights flashing at one sec intervals on Mount Shasta, forms a circular or disc shape, located in the mountain area, below Bunny Fla 716 976  un-believable mount Shasta   Started the day with a hike and a prayer.  Reached some 12,000 feet.  Shimmied down.  Looked for communication.  Had burritos at bunny flats.  Drove downhill and saw a series of triple shaped red lights, that blink each second......and many white lights down the hill.  Those may be cars, parked and looking too.  Went down a few feet, quarter mile, and the first two campers were dim.  Saving gas.  Still see the red lights.  Appear to be a circular shape.   Tried to photo them, but couldn't capture.  Was able to capture lights down the hill. They are still there, (July 17th, evening around midnight) and have changed the flashing to a gentle dissolve.  I counted seven sets, horizontally, bu now there seem to be more, and slightly smaller.  The ship is to the southeast....beyond the forests and seen through the tree line, above the tree line, but down from a steep viewpoint......this is a ship.  A pleiedians ship.   I said and say, thank you.  Earlier driving up mountain, around eight, a black bear ran across road and up hill, the opposite direction of ships presumed location.  Appears to hav e changed angels, though spell checker said angels.   God is here. They are red with a tint of orange.  There has been occasional lightning, in the same sky view.  There was a dense cloud cover, in that area, earlier, as I drove up the mountain, towards, Bunny Flats.;41.3174;-122.324
