Mount Shasta light phenomena observed in brightly lit meadow in broad daylight for 5 minutes;2002-09-10 16:30:00;5 minutes;Mount Shasta light phenomena observed in brightly lit meadow in broad daylight for 5 minutes I saw a single stationary light change from red to orange to yellow to green and finally blue. This occurred in a brightly lit meadow near the summit of Mt. Shasta at about 4:30 in the afternoon. The light was intense, pure, and very small (about dime sized). It appeared in front of the trunk of a Spruce tree not more than 100 feet away, slightly above head level (about 6 feet up). The light would slowly transition from one solid color to the next, and then it would remain an intensely bright pure color for about a minute before slowly transitioning to the next color. I approached the tree and examined the trunk, limbs and foliage. I could find nothing that could have emanated that sort of light. I toyed with the idea of pitch oozing slowly out and while solidifying changed the reflected color, but the pitch I observed was cloudy white and in huge dried clumps. The pitch was to the right of the location of the light I pinpointed while using binoculars (I observed the light with the naked eye and binoculars). I had a camera and didn't use it I couldn't see the light in the viewfinder. The light could only be viewed in one direction, and as I approached the tree, the light would disappear. I have no idea of where the source of the light was in relation to the distance between me and the tree except that it was in front of the trunk about 6 feet above ground level as viewed from ground level. ((FOLLOW-UP REPORT BY SAME WITNESS)) With regard to the lights on Shasta, unfortunately I have no theories as to what the lights were. Here is the whole boring story: I was asleep in the meadow when I opened my eyes to find a red light shining into them. I closed my eyes, thinking Oh its just a reflection from tensile on the tree, thinking better of that, I reopened them to find the light changing from red to orange. I sat up and thought that was strange. When I sat up the light disappeared, so I lay back down and discovered that the light was directional. I had to be careful how I moved to keep the light in view. The 'now orange' light was intense and pure and I couldn't write it off as a reflection. I stared at it for awhile, enjoying the beauty of it then it started transitioning to yellow. Well that really piqued my curiosity. As the light grew in intensity and purity to a very bright lemon yellow, I took out my binoculars and isolated the position on the tree where it appeared to be coming from. I stood up to investigate but discovered that I was ill. I had a hard time going to the tree as waves of nausea were sweeping over me. As I approached the tree, I lost sight of the light as I was no longer in it's line of site, for the moment I was sure that an examination of the tree would yield the answer. At the tree, I couldn't find anything that could cause it except for maybe pitch, but the pitch was in the wrong location and none of it was fresh. I went back to my original position on the ground and found the light transitioning from yellow to green. I admired the green light for awhile and tried to take a picture of it, since I couldn't find it in the viewfinder I gave up. I tried again to find the source, to no avail. When I returned again to my original position, the light had transitioned to blue. Again I tried to approach the tree this time keeping the light in sight, but as soon as I'd get close, I'd loose the light. When I returned to the original position to regain it, the light was gone. Although I said the whole thing lasted 5 minutes, it could have been longer.  I had time to sit and stare at it, take out binoculars and stare at it, run back and forth to the tree, and finally tried to get a picture of it. The camera I had was just a digital camera-not my camcorder. My camcorder would have been able to zoom in on the light no problem as it has a fantastic zoom. The camera I had with me doesn't have a very good zoom. I regret that I didn't take pictures anyway, as it may have shown up in the picture. At this point, my guess would be pretty far out at to what it could be. I have the impression that some unseen person or thing was standing there shining lights in my eyes. ((END FOLLOW-UP));41.3174;-122.324
Two occurrences of lights appearing to play leapfrog on eastern slope of Mt. Shasta;2003-08-24 22:00:00;2X about 10 seconds;Two occurrences of lights appearing to play leapfrog on eastern slope of Mt. Shasta Three or four lights appeared to play leapfrog.  At any given moment there were three  stationary lights in the sky, however, as one light went out another light would instantly reappear just opposite the two remaining lights.  I would estimate that the lights were about 20 to 30 yards apart from one another.  The sequence occurred about five times for a period of about 10 seconds.  It was a moonless night with the only nearby town far in the distance.  The lights appeared to be less than two miles away and fairly near to the hilly horizon.  On this night the lights were brighter than Mars and about the same color of yellow.  We waited approximately 30 minutes and another event of the same phenomenon occurred in a distant location.  This second occurrence was higher in the sky and at a different angle to the first.  The leapfrog event continued about 5 times for a period of about 10 seconds.  We were camping on the eastern slope of Mt. Shasta at an elevation of about 8000 feet. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness is a trained medical professional.  We suspect he probably is a very good witness.  PD));41.3174;-122.324
A light over Mt Shasta that went within itself.;2006-09-23 00:05:00;split second;A light over Mt Shasta that went within itself. A light that went within itself?  The light lit up the entire face of the mountain.  So I can't say it was a ship, its beyond any concept of a ship. As I sat on Mt Shasta at the highest parking lot around midnight, I was with another man who was star gazing when I arrived.  We both looked up at the peak of the mountain, and suddenly, within a split second, a circle of light came on and off, what appeared to be perhaps 1000ft above the peak, in that split second, it totally lit up the entire face of the mountain, no shadows, and went off just as quickly.  What was strange, I remember that when it went off, it went within itself, swallowed itself?  I know it sounds strange, but I've not told anyone but my wife.  All I know about the man up there that night was that he was from Reno NV. I noted his name somewhere, I could find it if neccesary.;41.3174;-122.324
Multi-colored light witnessed on Castle Lake Mount Shasta, CA.  ((anonymous report));2019-04-25 20:00:00;15 seconds;Multi-colored light witnessed on Castle Lake Mount Shasta, CA. My girlfriend and I were up at Castle Lake, located above the city of Mount Shasta, we go swimming and hiking up there in the summer and we were curious to see if it was still frozen over from the winter, and if the trails were clear of snow yet.  There’s still a lot of snow pack so you can’t get up above the lake very easily, and most everybody had cleared out of there by the time the sun went down.  As far as I know we were the last people to leave, and it was almost dark.   As we were walking back from the shore towards our car, we heard a weird, low humming sound coming from the lake.  It was the kind of thing you might not even normally hear, except there was no noise or people or wind up there at all when it started.  We turned around and saw a flashing multi-colored sphere of light hovering about 50 feet off the lake, further towards the back of the lake near the cliff wall.   We both saw it at the same time and wondered if it was some kind of flare hanging in the air, but it didn’t look fiery and it wasn’t smoking.   My friend was wondering if it was the light of a climber on the cliffs, but we could see light strobing off of the sphere and flashing against the cliff wall so it was definitely hovering in the air and throwing off light around it.   It lasted for only a few seconds then it vanished again, along with the humming sound.  We weren’t freaked out by it or anything, but we’re still not sure what we saw that evening. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.3174;-122.324
20+ star-like, spread out objects moving in unison;2020-12-05 17:30:00;1-2 minutes;20+ star-like, spread out objects moving in unison At the Bunny Flat parking lot on Mount Shasta, a woman I had just met alerted me to look into the night sky (it was about 5:30 PM and the sun had set about 1/2 hour or so before).  What we saw was about 20 star-like objects moving from the east to the west.  They were moving faster than satellites that I have seen before and several of them were in a v or triangle formation.  There were a couple rouge ones too that were going west to east and then one that was going north to south.  But the general movement was in unison and not in a straight line.  It almost looked the stars just started moving to the west and then stopped or vanished.  All the Starlink satellite info that I have read says that they move in a line formation but these weren't.  There were several of us that saw this and we were all just visiting the mountain for the day.;41.3174;-122.324
