Pulsating, rotating lights at approx 40-50deg. angle, ESE of Mt. Shasta, at least 2-4 hrs. ((NUFORC Note:Possibly Sirius?  PD));2006-12-03 22:15:00;2-4 hours;Mt. Shastsa, CA  pulsating, rotating lights at approx 40-50degree angle, east-southeast of Mt. Shasta, lasting at least 2-4 hours In the eastern sky, more easr than south east of Mt. Shasta, moving back and forth VERY slowly, unsure of that distance of movement, with beautiful lights outlining the entire structure which was many, many feet high-the lights stayed on, but pulsating in a pattern of red-pink-white-yellow-blue-green around the bottom of the craft and along the structural outline.  It reminded me of the deep sea jellyfish that glow-the outline and tentacles shine with their own light. I also observed it splitting into two separate objects, like watching a cell divide.  The skies were totally clear,with a bright moon-one night short of a full moon. The craft had an oval shaped bottom, with a round, tall, beehive shaped body to the structure. The object was in the sky for a very long time, in fact was still there when I went to bed an hour later. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and she sounded quite sincere to us.  However, we believe that she may have been looking at the star, Sirius.  PD));41.3174;-122.324
Ufo sighting Mt. Shasta, CA.;2014-07-28 14:30:00;15 seconds;Ufo sightinh Mt. Shasta, CA 2:30 pm.  7/28/14.   I just witnessed an object in the sky in Mt. Shasta, CA.  The location was at Lake Siskiyou camp resort.  I witnessed the object from the beach looking out the window of my cooking truck.   The object looked like a piece of mercury or metal drop in the sky.  The object was reflective but it wasn’t from lights coming from the object.  It looked like it was reflecting the sun.  The object looked out of place which caught my eye.   I stared at the object for about 15 seconds.  It didn’t move like an aero plane or helicopter. It moved like a mouse on a computer screen but in a perfect straight line.   I was losing sight of the object from the window, where I'm at the sky is wide open.  At is a partly cloudy day, but there were no clouds in the path of the object.   I ran outside to try and track the object.  When I ran around the corner to look in the direction of Mt. Shasta where it looked like the path in the sky that the object was traveling it was gone.   At the speed that the object was traveling I still should have been able to see it in the sky if it was a plane or helicopter. It was just gone.   The object made no noise.  It just looked out of place like it wasn’t flying in the sky but almost like it was a fly on a TV screen, part of the view you’re looking at but not in the screen?   I looked around at all of the people on the beach, but it didn’t look like anyone was looking up at the sky.   This is my 4th object I’ve seen in this area that I would say is a UFO.  First one I’ve seen in the day.;41.3174;-122.324
