Lights on Black Butte in Mt. Shasta, CA in an area not accessible to humans or animals in symmetrical lines.;2011-08-03 21:00:00;We were there about an ho;Lights on Black Butte in Mt. Shasta, CA in an area not accessible to humans or animals in symmetrical lines. My boyfriend and I were driving back to our house in Mt. Shasta, CA 96067 from Weed, CA at about 9:00PM on 08/03/11 when we got to Truck Village Drive (our exit south bound on I5) and noticed bright lights on the mountain Black Butte (a pilot cone that is almost straight up and down).  We stopped the car and got out to look and realized that the lights were not coming from anything we could explain, and it was nowhere near the trail that goes up the mountain.  It was about 300 yards up from the base of the mountain in a rock valley (lava rock) that is not accessible to humans, or animals.   The lights were in a symmetrical line and very bright, and white, and not moving or flickering.  We raced home (about a 5min drive from the Truck Village Drive exit) and grabbed our binoculars.  We returned to the same spot and the lights were still there.   When viewing through our binoculars we could see that there was a perfectly horizontal line of about 4 lights and directly in the middle going diagonal (the line falling from left to right) were three more lights very clear.  It kind of looked like a cross of some sort.  We stayed there for a long time looking at it through the binoculars and it did not move.  We got home at about 9:45PM and called the local police and sheriff’s department to see if maybe they heard anything about those lights, if there was a lost hiker by chance, etc. but they didn’t know anything about it and acted like we were wasting their time. My boyfriend and I have lived here for 12 years, have hiked that mountain before many times and have never seen anything like it before.  We can’t explain how it got there or what it was, except that it most likely is a UFO. The lights were exactly the same size, brightness and just too symmetrical to be done by anyone. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the other witness, and he sounded quite credible to us.  He has hiked the area in question, on many occasions, and he is certain that there could not have been any kind of vehicle in the area where the lights were, given that it is a very steep, scree-covered area.  PD));41.3174;-122.324
White lights hovering and then dimming in sequence;2015-02-16 22:30:00;1 minute;White lights hovering and then dimming in sequence I am an airline captain.  My co-pilot and I were on our way from LAX-PDX at FL 380 and we were in the Mt. Shasta area.  It was a smooth flight and very little ATC communications were going on.  We decided to look out and up at the night sky for falling stars and or satellites passing over head.   We were heading about 310 degrees and to our 2 o'clock high, maybe 50 degrees up from the horizon I noticed 2 brighter than normal stars and mentioned to my co-pilot that I didn't remember ever seeing those 2 stars that were brighter than the surrounding stars in the background.  The 2 lights were approximately an inch apart in the windscreen and the size if normal stars. Just as I said that one of the stars just dimmed out over about a 10 second time span followed by the other one dimming out completely in about 10 seconds also.   The stars, now obviously lights we not in motion, they were not satellites and were not falling stars.  They were as stationary as th! e stars in the background.  We were flying in crystal clear skies and were not flying though any clouds whatsoever.  These 2 lights were not following the typical west to east orbital path as most satellites do and were just sitting there kind of like ships hiding in plain sight.  The altitude of the lights appeared to be outside of the atmosphere.  We were flying at 38,000, approximately 7 miles up and these were at least 100,000 feet up.  The thing was they were extremely bright and not moving.  Mankind does not have craft that can fly at that altitude and not be moving. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness, and airline captain, and he sounded to us to be quite sober-minded, and quite serious about his report.  PD));41.3174;-122.324
