Two white dots, one larger pulsing light, seen in easter sky from Sheridan, CO, 9:00-9:25 PM MDT, 08/04/12, at least 9 witnesses;2012-08-04 21:00:00;25 minutes;Two white dots, one larger pulsing light, seen in easter sky from Sheridan, CO, 9:00-9:25 PM MDT, 08/04/12, at least 9 witnesses On the evening of Saturday, August 4th, 2012, 9 people, including myself, witnessed 3 Unidentified Flying Objects from the city of Sheridan, Colorado.  Our exact location is less than 1000 feet from the location of a Google Maps search for Sheridan, CO.  Each object was seen by itself in the eastern sky, with no other identifiable or unidentifiable flying objects in our field of vision.   All three sightings occurred between 9:00 to 9:25 PM Mountain Daylight Time.  None of the objects appeared to have any physical structure to them, we saw only light.  The first and third craft seemed to be circular, but it was hard to discern a specific shape, since they were quite small.  The second craft was roughly diamond shaped, but didn’t have a distinct shape, looking more like an extremely bright light shining down from a very high altitude. The first object we saw at approximately 9:00 PM in the eastern sky at somewhere around 40 to 45 degrees from the horizon. It was apparently at a very high altitude, looking like a moving star. Its color was white, maybe slightly blue. It moved at a constant speed on a straight trajectory from south to north. We observed it for several minutes until it slowly faded from view to the north of us. The second object appeared around 9:10 PM, also to the east, but much higher in the sky, roughly 75 degrees. As it moved from west to east, it pulsed a very bright white light at a steady interval. Its brightness was a higher magnitude than any identified flying object, star, or planet I have seen, except maybe the Moon..  The light would appear and build in intensity to peak brightness in about 1.5 seconds, then dim and fade from sight in another 1.5 seconds, disappearing for about 10 seconds before appearing again. After several pulses while moving, it seemed to me to have slowed or stopped its movement, while others said it had changed direction. We did not see it after that. Its speed was slower than the other 2 objects, and it traversed a much smaller section of sky. Total time of observance was no more than a minute. The third object appeared sometime after 9:20 PM and looked extremely similar to the first object. The only difference apparent to me was that it seemed slightly brighter.  We watched it move at a constant speed on a straight trajectory from north to south, at about 35 to 40 degrees above the horizon. We watched this object for several minutes until it slowly faded from view to the south at 9:25 PM. It may be important to note that Buckley Air Force Base is not more than 20 miles to the east-northeast of the location of our sightings.  This fact indicates the possibility that we misidentified military aircraft, although I do not think we did.  The objects could also possibly be classified aircraft. My initial investigation via website sources yields no information on visible satellite or space flight passes matching both the time and location of our sighting.  Although the objects could still be satellites not listed on the websites I looked at, or pieces of space trash, both are rarely seen from the Denver area.  I doubt that any of the objects were satellites or space trash, as I have seen both many times on many occasions in the mountains of Colorado. I apologize for sending in two reports. I accidentally submitted the first one without fully filling out the form.;39.6502;-105.0265
