Upside down pyramid with four rows of lights with glowing green humanoid (also orb).;2016-02-10 22:00:00;10 minutes;Upside down pyramid with four rows of lights with glowing green humanoid (also orb). I still cannot get my boys to sleep....on our way home on Galloway Road in the field adjacent to the Baptist church there I saw an upside down triangle craft hovering about 4 feet off of the ground with 4 - 5 rows of lights on the different levels....after I exclaimed what I had seen my boys all saw it too....I pulled into the church parking lot and almost got STUCK!  After getting free as it was slippery and the snow was just starting to pick up- my 15 year old JUMPED out of the back seat and started toward the sight trying to take pictures of it, I was terrified for him.  At this point we all noticed that there was a 2-4 foot tall GLOWING NEON GREEN humanoid type being standing directly beside this craft. It would look toward my son with the camera, then back at the craft floating beside him about 6-7 times quickly to each thing, then after about 1 minute my 15 year old took off RUNNING full speed back to the car.  He was scared becaus! e he said that the being was noticing his picture taking.  Of course our luck,,,,right when my oldest started taking pictures the snow really started to pick up and it did not help us to get very clear shots.... He said that he tried to take 4 pictures but could only take one...then on the way home as we discussed the incident- the other 3 pictures mysteriously appeared.  Furthermore, when my son took off running towards me to get back in the car because he was scared- the car doors locked!!!  My 9 year old, who was in the front passenger seat said MOM! UNLOCK THE DOOR!  I was pushing the button but I could not unlock it!  Then my 12 year old son manually unlocked his back door and let him in....and we took off! It was a scary, yet awesome experience for all of us.  My oldest kept begging me to turn around and go back, but I would not, he said something told him to walk towards it, and also go back and see it again.  Also, after we got home and e! xamined the pics we saw a donut shaped glowing orb that we did! NOT SEE in person....we are somewhat disappointed with the pics quality but my son was too scared to use his flash and like I said it was snowing hard.;42.9967;-78.1968999999999
