State policeman & 2 others observed large lights that looked like on a water or tower, but no tower.  ((NUFORC Note:  MUFON case.  PD);2014-07-03 23:15:00;Several minutes;State policeman and two oters observed large lights that looked like on a water or tower, but no tower. State police sergeant on patrol on a side street observed (2) pulsing round red lights in the SW sky, one on top of the other, which appeared to be a cell or water tower in the vicinity of Maryhill Cemetery.  There are no such structures in that area.  The objects began moving slowly from W to E, one slightly behind the other.  He parked his squad car and shut off the engine and all lights, and got out.  The objects were much farther away and larger than originally thought.  There was no sound in the relatively quiet night air.  The objects glided eastbound, slowly and deliberately, were basketball-sized spheres, approximately 5-times the size of the strobe lights on an airplane, with a shimmery white halo completely circling the sphere.  The red light was unlike anything he had ever seen, having a pulsating, almost liquid or living appearance, and glowing, rather than piercing the night sky.  When the first craft was almost directly in front of his line of s! ight, the spheres both suddenly receded quickly up and into the western sky, but much higher.  There were two other witnesses close by and he talked with them.  They verbally confirmed that what we had seen had not been fireworks or flares of any kind, but were definitely very large, unidentifiable aircraft.   Twenty minutes or so prior to this sighting, he was unable to connect to the internet on both his Blackberry cell phone or his in-car Panasonic Tough Book Laptop with Verizon air card.  Five minutes after the spheres ascended out of sight, both were back online. He did not think to take photos of the craft because the camera on his Blackberry produces very poor quality photos.  Sev mins.  (MUFON 57602);42.0307;-87.8107
Flying object, with alternating randomly alternating red and green lights and a blinking white light.  29 second recorded video.;2015-07-03 21:50:00;3-6 minutes;Flying object, with alternating randomly alternating red and green lights and a blinking white light.  29 second recorded video. On the evening of July 3rd, 2015, around 9:50 PM, a friend and I had a sighted something that neither of us can explain.  We went to watch the fireworks at the local high school in Niles, IL.  We went to the 3rd story of a parking garage for a better view of the fireworks with a number of other patrons.  We were about 300 yards away from the firework display, and randomly noticed 2 green lights with a single white flashing light on the object that we could not physically see outside of the light display.  We had found it curious, as it seemed to literally be spectating the fireworks while hovering/sitting over the show.  My friend and I actually went into debate as to whether it was a UFO or a helicopter.  I originally put it off as a helicopter, because generally speaking, that's what sane people believe. It started to catch our attention more as the green lights both turned red.  It was unlike any normal aircraft that we could think of.  Obviously, since it was sitting over the fireworks, it could not be a plane.  And usually the lights displayed on a helicopter stay consistent and do not change at random. What happened next is what truly makes me believe that we saw a UFO.  It went from sitting in one place to my friend and I watching it dart across the sky directly east of where we were stationed.  It quickly changed direction and again, changed color from green to red, and turned from left to right.  Again, it changed to green as it looked to fly into the tree line about 5 miles away.  I did record the event as soon as it started flying away because of how much it intrigued me.  With that being said, I recorded a 29 second video of the occurrence.  We have seen a number of planes tonight since the incident, and this object was going at a much quicker pace, and moved extremely quickly while changing direction unlike any flying object I have ever seen.  In addition, even with the random increase of speed, you did not hear a single sound, which would be assumed by an object moving at that speed.;42.0307;-87.8107
Very bright 1 foot in diameter ball of artificial light traveling at high speed over Niles, Illinois.;2015-08-07 21:00:00;3-4 seconds;very bright 1 foot in diameter ball of artificial light traveling at high speed over Niles, Illinois A very bright, white, cold, LED-type light ball, moving in a very straight line, parallel to the ground East to West, between Shermer and Harlem, approximately 200 ft above the ground.   The object travelled about 300 feet at a very high rate of speed, and then the light was extinguished gradually but very quickly (less than 1 second).  The ball was approximately 1 foot in diameter. I’ve considered both a “shooting star” and a meteor, but their trajectories are sloping towards the Earth.  Also the type of light was definitely superficial. The visibility was good enough to notice if the light was attached to an aircraft, however there was no object visible once the light vanished.;42.0307;-87.8107
