HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  3:00 a.m. to a bright yet soft orange/amber light shining in our bedroom window.;2003-05-15 03:00:00;appox: 1 minute;Weekend of 5/2-5/11 or the weekend of 5/16-5/25 ?  We are responding to an article that we read in the Bulletin covering a white light and the possible link to UFO's. We just wanted to bring to light something that we saw now that this article has been written. A few months back, we are best guessing in May, We were both laying in bed, and we both awoke about 3:00 a.m. to a bright yet soft orange/amber light shining in our bedroom window. While it filled the entire side of windows (bedroom and back door) we felt it odd and yet not concerning enough to get up from bed to investigate the light. Neither of us heard anything but were both awaked by the light. We furthermore didn't even discuss it until the next morning when one of us asked the other if they had seen it. To our amazement we had both not only seen it, but didn't say anything at the time thinking the other was  asleep. the next morning we joked about the possibility of the light being from a UFO as we tried to come up with ANY possible occurrences to account for how the light not only filled the windows but from where it appeared to originate, which was to the right side of the house and up. The light seemed as strong as a searchlight and yet as I said soft in color. No other noise was heard at the time and we BOTH saw the light and didn't mention it to the other until the next day. As best as we can recall, we are thinking the event happened either somewhere during the weekend of 5/2-5/11 or the weekend of 5/16-5/25. Neither of us have ever made any reports of this nature and it is only because of the article that we do now. We are interested to know if you have had any other reports of this nature during the May timeframe. We did ask our neighbor the following day if she had seen the light as we were new to this area. She had indicated she didn't because her bedroom did not face the same direction. We being new to the area didn't make any further note as we just didn't know what it could have been. Thank you for listing to us and we are actually quite interested in finding out if there ha! ve been any other reports of like type. Sincerely,  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;49.6788;-115.9932
Strange, intense, blue light, disk-shaped, over Kimberley, BC, on 23DE15.;2015-12-23 21:00:00;20 minutes;Strange, intense, blue light, disk-shaped, over Kimberley, BC, on 23DE15. I am wondering if anyone else saw this blue light in the night sky in Kimberley, BC, last night?  I was standing on my balcony looking up at the night sky and a blue light caught my attention.  It wasn't moving.   At first, I thought it was an airplane, but there were no other flashing lights and this blue light, very intense was not flashing, nor was it moving.  I kept watching it and then it started to move toward me and it wasn't moving very fast at first and then it 'zipped' forward and then came to a complete halt.  It hovered for a second or so then 'zipped' back from where it came and did some slow hovering movement, kind of like it was looking for something and then it when over the horizon and I could no longer see it.   As soon as my husband came home, I asked him to take a quick drive up the mountain, but we did not see anything.   Tonight I was looking but do not see anything at all.  Just wondering if anyone saw this strange event as well? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));49.6788;-115.9932
