Moving light with spark spray near Kimberley BC;2007-05-27 01:00:00;about 10 min;Moving light with spark spray near Kimberley BC Still processing this, but here goes. I had just finished watching a movie on the second floor of my home at about 12:45pm. In that room is a 4x5 window facing south south west. The view extends clearly down the valley to the Lumberton Moyie area. I had turn the TV off, leaving the room in darkness before hauling myself off to bed.  I looked out the window and saw a bright 'star'. I'd wish on you but you're probably just a satalite or an airplane I thought to myself, since there is an airport between Kimbeley and Cranbrook. The light was very bright and so I watched it for a moment. Before long I noticed some faint spark-like spray coming from the bottom of the light, like the way a boat cuts through water in a triange behind a boat. Slightly alarmed, I thought I might be witnessing a plane in trouble.  The light didn't behave like a plane, it just hovered, then moved in a slight circular formation. I almost felt like it was looking back at me! My heart pounding, I moved behind the window frame out of view. When I looked back I estimated the distance between the light and the top of my neighbour's house to confirm that it was really moving strangely. It had moved from the origional place I had seen it, but was still emitting the faint spark flare underneath. I watched for some time, barely blinking continuing to estimate it's distance from unmoving objects, a telephone pole, another house, to confirm again that I wasn't just moving myself, the light's movement was so small. Finally my heart calmed, and I thought I hope that you're not like us, at least not the worst of us, thinking about war etc. Then, and I know that this is the craziest part, I thought thank you. thank you for showing yourself to me. And just after that it faded or turned away, and was gone. Just then, I saw bright light down infront of my house, and that was a car arriving for the neighbours. Glad it wasn't the light coming to pick me up!;49.6788;-115.9932
