Independent confirmation of a previously reported sighting of a UFO of Denver, CO.;2004-04-16 17:45:00;20miin;Independent confirmation of a previously reported sighting of a UFO of Denver, CO. I am confirming a previous report of an object seen over Denver, CO on 4/16/2004. I was working as an armed security guard at a Denver hospital clinic. I stepped outside for my normal check of the perimeter of the building, and I witnessed the same object as previously reported at that time and date. The sky was blue and clear, and I saw a bright silver object moving quickly at a very high altitude from East to West at about 80 degrees from the horizon.  At first I thought it might be a high altitude military craft, or daytime satellite, but it abruptly stopped, and stayed in a stationary position. I retrieved a pair of 10x50mm binoculars from my car, and I was barely able to identify the object as what appeared to be a silver spinning cylinder. It was spinning very fast vertically, end over end, and was completely stationary. I asked a patient outside the clinic if she would confirm what I was seeing, and her response was, quote: “What in the world is that???”. The object was stationary for approximately 20 minutes, and at one point, a high flying (40,000ft?) commercial jetliner flew underneath, yet the altitude of this strange object was still much higher than the jetliner. I would venture to guess its altitude was on the order of 65,000+ft. To be able to distinguish it as a spinning cylinder at that altitude, leads me to think that it must have been huge. After 20min the spinning cylinder gained altitude and sped away at extreme speed to the North, until it quickly disappeared. Being an experienced amateur astronomer, I have seen quite a variety of objects both day and night. I have previously always been able to eventually identify and classify the objects as either spy satellites, the space station, space shuttle, weather balloons, or other man made aircraft, etc. The sighting and behavior of this object has bothered and bewildered me for years, and I am glad I finally found an appropriate place to tell my story, and confirm that it was witnessed by several other people. My conclusion, after all of these years, is that this was a genuine UFO, and that even the most advanced secret! militar y craft in the world could not have flown or behaved the way this one did…;39.7388117431815;-104.985074484367
Extremely bright small cylinder almost stationary in clouds abo e Denver.;2004-08-24 15:30:00;1 minute;Extremely bright small cylinder almost stationary in clouds abo e Denver. Because of two other sightings in and around Denver, I'd like to mention the following event.  I stepped outside the two-story building in which I work to take a break and checkthe weather.  I was standing in the shadow cast by the two-story building just soouth of the one I work in. (A narrow parking lot separates the builidngs).  When I looked up into an area of the sky a little west and maybe north of where the sun was, behind the building, I saw a definite cylinder or elongated white light. It was in or surrounded by some brown hazy clouds with no defiinition.  This bright white cyllinder appeared to be a plane, except that it was not moving along as it should, if it were a plane. It repeatedly disappeared and reappeared as if it might have been in this small patch of brownish haze.  Outside this hazy area were small clouds with some brilliant highlights as they reflected the nearby sun.  Not sure if during the observation period the light might have drifted sligthly southward, toward the edge of the roof which blocked my view of the sun. but it seemed to be in basically one place, which caught my attention because the smaller clearly defined clouds, unlike the slight haze, were moving northward while the light seemed to be in the same spot or slightly drifting the other way from the spot where I tried to place my initial observation.  After maybe a minute the cylindrical light finally disappeared and did not reappear and a small cloud just to the west brightened intensely from the sunlight and this bright cloud started to burn my eyes so I looked away.  Possibly the cylinder was a balloon, if they can resemble the oblong tailhook type of years ago. It's bright illuminationn was similar to the nearby small clouds.  The bright light definitely contrasted with the kind of haze in the area where it was located.  Its reappearing and disappearance would be consistent with passing through the haze, if the haze had varying thickness.  But the object appeared to be a solid because it held its definite, narrow, small cylindrical shape each time it reappeared, unlike the clouds which were larger, more round and constantly shifting shape with wisps as clouds do.  i did not contact the local FAA, as suggested when I posted s multi-person sighting over Denver a year or two ago because the FAA person I spoke too was a little rude and obviously did not want ot be bothered with questions about wind speed, cloud elevations at the time of interest.  I merely post this in case someone else happened to see this unusual bright, slender object that was above and slightly south of overhead (5 or 10 degrees) and a little west of the sun at 3:30 p.m. when viewed from Downtown Denver, about four blocks west of Broadway.  I add the sky not covered by clouds or this patch of haze surrounding the cylinder was a deep and vivid  blue on this particular afternoon.  And, thinking back, I add that the hazy kind of light brownish-gray haze in the vicinity of the cylinder was different from the dominant blue sky and the bright clouds and wisps scattered around.;39.7388117431815;-104.985074484367
Cylinder, Spherical, and disc shaped craft making rapid to slow impossible movements, and vanishing.;2011-08-21 04:00:00;20 Minutes;Cylinder, Spherical, and disc shaped craft making rapid to slow impossible movements, and vanishing. Orange/Yellow Radiating Vertical Cylinder Hovering approximately 1,500 feet above the ground in the Littleton area.  Performed a series of diagonal moves at high velocity, while vanishing for a couple seconds after each.   After 3-4 of these a second Orange/Yellow Radiating Vertical Cylinder appeared hovering with it - and seemed to be attached to it.  The same series of movements were performed, with the vanishings.   However this time the direction was taken higher into the air and southwest towards the mountains.  The two cylinders then vanished.   Two to three minutes later a craft appeared which was disc shaped with 8-10 more yellow than orange lights.  This craft moved slowly towards Colorado Springs and what appeared to be following a high speed commercial plane from the lights on it (red, blue, white).   At this point I thought it would be a great idea to get this on camera and go in the street and try and film it.  After going outside for a couple of min! utes - a spherical craft that was a dull orange and seemed to fade as the glow approached the edges of the sphere appeared at about 500 ft off the ground and only 1000 ft from myself.   This craft moved south towards Colorado Springs - during this sighting I felt paralyzed and connected with the sphere.   The 2nd part of the first sighting was confirmed with someone via telephone during the events.;39.7388117431815;-104.985074484367
A short cylinder with slightly domed top, headed North West, disappeared not due to speeding off, but literally vanished.;2014-09-18 14:30:00;5-10 seconds;A short cylinder with slightly domed top, headed North West, disappeared not due to speeding off, but literally vanished. UFO headed North West seen from the cross streets of Colorado Blvd and Louisiana.  It was closer and lower than a plane headed toward DIA within the range of sight.  It appeared to be disk like from my view with cylindrical sides and a slight domed top.   It had an iridescent quality, but could best be described in color as a metallic blue.  Within seconds of viewing it, the object completely disappeared, while the plane (further away) could still be seen.;39.7388117431815;-104.985074484367
Dark sky, cylinder with light and clouds in it swirling around.;2016-06-12 20:00:00;5 seconds;Dark sky, Cylinder with light and clouds in it swirling around. December 12, 2016.  This happened on the evening of June 12th or the 13th of 2016. I was walking up my outside stairs headed south, my home blocks the west side area until I am all the way up the stairs. this was in the evening time I dont know the time, but it was dark. I was in about the middle of the stairs, I turned up and was facing south, suddenly I saw what to me was a huge cylinder of light with white like clouds whirling around in it as it came across the sky  it was light in it like day and inside swirilling fast.  I say the cylinder was about a 50 degree angle when it came from the West, I never saw the tail end. what puzzles me the most was that the light came across like an unfolding light, it had an end to the light in the front, I never saw the end of a flashlights that was pointed in the sky, it shot across so fast, maybe I saw it for about 4 to 5 seconds, it had stopped and it was just there, then in the blink of an eye the lights just closed and dissapered, dark sky and nothing more.  it was gone and dark again. I estimated that the cylinder (I call it a cylinder because it was round ) to be maybe a mile away, but in my mind it was closer than that, not really sure. I would say for comparison the cylinder was about as wide and as round as a Train engine or a box car from a train., but it was round. from the ground level I was at.;39.7388117431815;-104.985074484367
Cylindrical, capsule shaped silver object seen flying near Denver International Airport.;2020-07-06 12:15:00;10-20 seconds;Cylindrical, capsule shaped silver object seen flying near Denver International Airport. I am a taxi driver who makes multiple trips to Denver International Airport daily.  I am very familiar, therefore, with what planes look like from various angles, altitudes,and speeds as they land and take off from the airport. On Monday, 07/06/20, at about 12:15pm I was driving a customer to the airport when I saw an object unlike anything I have ever seen before. It was traveling from south to north and the altitude seemed quite low. This was in Denver International Airport airspace and was at about the altitude a plane would have been in about 5-10 seconds after takeoff. However, this object was not landing or taking off from DIA, but flying at a steady altitude. The object was capsule shaped, like a medication capsule . It was bright, shiny silver in color with two darker vertical bands each spaced about 1/3 of the length.  I could not discern any wings and I could not see a tail, like a plane would have.  Simply the cylindrical shape of a capsule.  I could not see any windows or markings.  I would say the length was less than a 747, but was about 50% bigger in circumference. I lost sight of it as I drove closer to the airport simply because my car passed out of range of being able to see it through my windshield. of course, having a passenger, I could not stop or photograph it.;39.7388117431815;-104.985074484367
I had my front door open because my house was really warm from having the oven on. I saw some super bright white lights flying in the a;2020-11-15 17:11:00;3-4 mins;I had my front door open because my house was really warm from having the oven on. I saw some super bright white lights flying in the airplane landing path towards DIA. I thought that it was a very odd airplane because the lights were so bright, so I decided to go outside to get a better look. As soon as I stepped out on the porch the object changed direction and started heading directly at me. There was NO sound at all. At that point, I could see two super bright white lights that were rectangular (sorta looked like house speakers from a stereo) on the nose of this object that strobed one at a time. I then noticed two red lights on the left and two green lights on the right. I thought that they were lights on the wings, as I continued to believe that I was seeing an airplane. As the object got directly over me (about 1500 -2000 ft above), I could clearly see that it had the body of an airplane, but it had no wings! NONE! Both the red and green lights were g! one at this point, but there was a detached barrel-shaped object (Light gray in color-the same as the main object) flying close to the right side of the main object. Then all the sudden, a helicopter (I don't know if it was a news heli or a police heli, but it wasn't a military heli) flying west to east comes out of nowhere. It looked like the heli was going to crash into the main object. The helicopter flew underneath the main object, but then the helicopter stopped, turned around as if it were going to chase the objects. But after turning around for just a few seconds and getting a look at it, the helicopter immediately turned back around and started flying east again. Almost to say, hey, let's get out of here! I tried to keep watching the object, but once it went over the neighborhood houses, it flew out of my view. I thought about grabbing my phone to record it, but I knew it would have been gone by the time I came back out to film it, so I elected to just k! eep watching it instead.;39.7388117431815;-104.985074484367
