I have on film an unexplained large,odd shaped ,colorful object in the night sky.;2002-11-28 04:00:00;2:hours aprox.;((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the following report may be based on a sighting of the star, Sirius.  However, that is only a guess.  PD)) I have on film an unexplained large,odd shaped ,colorful object in the night sky. First let me tell you , We are not nuts, We are very sane normal everyday people. With better things to do with our time than to watch things in the sky. Especialy 4:00 in the morning. I actualy feel stupid tell you about this. At First We thought it was a plane coming at us . That what we were seing was the headlights. I was up getting a drink of water. And my kitchin sink window faces the back yard Where my garage is. Up over the garage in the sky was this really huge light. Larger than any star I've ever saw. I called my husband to see. Even he couldn't figure out what it was. We both tried very hard to analize rationaly what we were looking at. North Star?  ruled that out ,it was getting closer and seamed to be moving.  Headlights of a plane ?  ruled that out, usualy after a few moments the plane would turn and you could identify it plus it would have a blinking light on it , which it did not, and it never revealed itself to be one. It was a VERY clear night. Other stars were out. This was 10 x's or so larger than other stars. I told my husband we better film this. I acutarly had to sit in my kitchen sink in order to steady my hand and take the film. I tried real hard to zoom in on it , to get a better look at what it was. We still tried to believe it was just a really bright star. We even had to rule out a commit, because there should have been a tail. Every time I tried to zoom in on it , it would dissapear from my lense. And I couldn't figure out why that was. So instead of just zooming right in { I Have a very powerful zoom in movie camera} I would tap on the zoom . I got in pretty close. This is when my husband and I were really confused. It was changing colors. It would be a bright neon green on the outside and red on the inside. It kept pulsing { getting bigger than smaller] in and out. We just figured that was the automatic focus. This would occur if the object in the lense was moving. So it would automaticly re-focus. I did not have a tripod to steady it. So we just thought this would! be that my hand was shaky. It was completly round. When it pulsed bigger. This is when you would see the red center. Than when it pulsed back it would turn to its bright white. Eventualy it started going behind a tree. I then moved into my bedroom window where I could see if I could get a better view. This was better, Also because I could set the  camera down on the window sill and it would stay in focus and we could see if it was my shaky hands moving or the object. WELL. this was incredible. I got a better view and was able to zoom in VERY GOOD. This object kept going out of my view frame. Telling me that IT was moving and not me. And it had change shape. Stars don't do this. It changed to the shape of a , Get this a CHristmas Bulb. Sounds strange but I do Have it on film. It had two  white rings around the center, that were very close to it and each other. It Appeared to have a smaller ring in the center and off the small ring went four bars like an x. The top had gotten flat. It was purple in a perfectly shaped window at the top part that was square. The rest was round underneith. Also I forgot to mention. When we were in the kitchen window it got flat on top, then it changed to flat on the left side of it. In my video after viewing it on my tv. You could see the gararge too. Which gives you an idea of how large it looked to us. I kept filming hoping IF it was a UFO. That I wanted to get it on film taking off. But My battery ran dead on my camera, And I had to get up early to put my turkey in the oven. So I just gave up and went to sleep. If anyone thinks this is just a bright star. Please let me know. We are really puzzled. We want to know what it was. Usualy if a planet is going to be really close and really bright they let you know on the news so you can watch it. Well I havent heard of anything. I WANNA KNOW WHAT IT WAS.;42.1116695652174;-71.865147826087
