4 Balls of Light, changed color followed by search light scanning woods and back yard.;1995-08-25 03:00:00;10 Minutes;4 Balls of Light, changed color followed by search light scanning woods and back yard. It was about 3am on a hot and humid August night in 1995.  My ex-girlfriend and I were awake, talking as we began to fall asleep.  Then my ex nudged me and asked what the light was on the window shades (which were pulled down half way).   I looked at the shades and noticed a flickering light sort of.  I told it that it was probably heat lightning.  Then a moment later she nudges me again and asked me to go take a look.  Now the bedroom had two windows which were looking right into the back yard.  Also, there were some woods and a pond behind the house as well.  The pond was about 60 yards from the window view. I got up and went to the window on the left, and my ex went to the window on the right.  I looked out the window and saw what looked like someone walking in the woods with a flashlight.  That's what the flickering must have been.  I told her that either someone was walking in the woods or even might have been fishing in a boat and they were using a flashlight. She then told me to look to the left, that she saw a light on the water.  I looked and saw a light reflecting off the water from a house on the other side of the pond.  But then I leaned forward to look to the far left (which is not where she was looking)just to see if anyone else was out there. What I saw next shocked me.  In fact when I saw it, I couldn't even move, it's like I was paralyzed.   There were 4 balls of light, each about 4 or 5 feet in diameter, and each a soft but bright white.  The four balls were rotating around a central point, each spaced equally from the next.  The balls were rotating slowly in a clockwise direction, and as a whole, were also moving away from the house to the left behind some trees.  They were hovering above the water about 3 feet.  Before going out of sight, the balls began to pulsate in intensity.  After a couple seconds, they simultaneously changed color to blue then red, while still pulsing.  I don't recall which color they went to first, but those were the 2 colors.  All the time they were pulsating, rotating and moving as a unit in an easterly direction over the water.  My ex-girlfriend did not see these balls of light, because I was in such an immediate shock  I couldn't move and I couldn't tell her.  I was sweatting from every pore of my body. As soon as the balls of light went out of view, another strange thing happened.   We both witnessed this.  From above the trees where the balls of light had gone, a very bright white light began to scan the small patch of woods to the left side of the back yard.  My grandmother was living in a small trailer right at the water's edge at that time and the light had gone systematically left and right and down level by level until it completed...It even scanned my gandmother's trailer. In an instant, the light disappeared then instantly, our backyard had been systematically scanned as if the light was directly above our house.  Then, the light was gone for good. Notes on the event:  there was complete silence, no crickets, no tree frogs, no wind, no sound whatsoever, even the source of the lights was completely silent. I am a customer service rep and technical sales rep., a college graduate and I graduated magna cum laude with a B.S. in Medical Technology.  My ex-girlfriend was from Italy, she had a B.S. in humanities. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  However, a dramatic sighting occurred over western Pennsylvania at 00:40 hrs. on Friday, August 25, 1995.  Please see reports on the NUFORC website for this date.  PD));42.1116695652174;-71.865147826087
red and green lights;2015-05-17 20:15:00;15 minutes;red and green lights Two odd green lights moving slowly in the South Western sky, noticed they turned into one set of lights turning red, green, white, then moved left a fast speed, then right, turned and two odd red lights moving north flew over below cloud cover against the wind at a slow speed as it went over noticed a pulsating white light out the back, no sound at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.1116695652174;-71.865147826087
