((HOAX??))  White and orange orb hovering over campsite, followed by continued sightings by myself and friends;2011-06-28 17:30:00;10 minutes;White and orange orb hovering over campsite, followed by continued sightings by myself and friends Was camping out with my cousin and girlfriend, when I noticed a bright white-centered orangish orb floating up in the air quite low, silently over the pine trees.    We all watched it go over the trees and then come back around once again, as if it was looking at us or knew we had taken notice of it.  Only visible from our campsite.    My best friend back at home in Illinois witnessed the same ufo a couple days later while driving in the car at night with our good friend, this was probably near Hampshire, Illinois.  They both saw it doing odd and fast zig zagged motions across the sky, high up.   Since these sightings, I have begun to see ufos on a regular basis.   Last week on Friday, my girlfriend and I saw the same or a similar orb hovering in the sky, for about 10 minutes, near the constellation scorpius,  except it stayed still, moved very slowly a short distance, and then we watched it disappear.  This sighting was in Elgin, Illinois off of Mclean and 20.  I! saw a similar still orb last night while driving home in the sky but it was glowing white, also watched it disappear in the sky.  While swimming outside at night, my best friend and girlfriend witnessed three separate orbs which we considered undoubtedly to be ufos ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Alleged e-address suggests to us that this may be a hoax, we suspect.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));44.2984;-90.8424
Fireballs in sky that pertuded objects when lights went out.;2013-11-13 18:45:00;30 seconds;frieballs in sky that pertuded objects when lights went out Walked outside to talk on phone seen a 2 strange fireball shaped figures in the sky one disappeared and other had something shoot out of it, a small light traveled out of the fire ball and then flashed again and look like a fireball that flashed a few times and then something traveled out of the flash again and moved again...   this went on 4 time over 30 seconds..  I'm 35 years old and have seen many things but nothing like this that I could not explain;44.2984;-90.8424
Bright orange lights over Robinson road, hovered then vanished.;2013-11-13 22:15:00;1 minute;Bright orange lights over Robinson road, hovered then vanished. Took the dogs out to their kennels about 10PM.  After about 15 min they started barking (warning bark)  I went outside to see what was going on, when I walked down to the kennels I seen a bright orange light appear from behind the kennels which is all wooded area.   It shot above the trees moving fast and headed north over my driveway then stopped and hovered for a moment.I thought it was people shining deer at first, then thought shooting star, the dogs still barking at it.   I quickly realized that it wasn't It had two orange shaped lights in a round type sphere that looked to be one orb. but quickly vanished.  The moon was bright last night so I could have seen an object in the dark...there was nothing there.;44.2984;-90.8424
