My girl friend and had been on a road trip to see my brother further up north. I turned off the interstate to take a short cut but I ma;1977-08-18 19:30:00;45 minutes;My girl friend and had been on a road trip to see my brother further up north. I turned off the interstate to take a short cut but I made the wrong turn. I was just outside of Black River Falls, WI. when I noticed what appeared at first to be a forrest ranger tower in the horizon. Then I noticed that it was coming closer and closer. It didn't make any sense. I then thought perhaps a helicopter or something. Seeing as we had a airforce base just maybe 45 miles away. It all of a sudden appeared at tree top level along side my vechicle and was a big ball of light. It followed me for approximately 4 to 5 miles when I started to enter a one horse small town and it disapeared. I pull over at a the only business open in town, it was a tavern and asked if I could use there phone in order to call for a sheriff. I called the county sheriffs office who then patched me through to a officer on patrol back in Black River Falls. I explained my delima and said I wish to have an escort back to the interstate because my girl friend and I felt threatened. He said that I had a 15 mile trip back and that I should meet him at the truck stop called the Oasis. So reluctantly I did and on the way back we encountered the same object. My girl friend started screaming and I started praying, I slowed to a halt and rolled down the window to look at what was hovering over the road about 100 yards in front of me and I heard absolutely nothing. I then started the vehicle back up and continued driving towards the light. It hovered up and over the back of my vehicle and followed for about 5 miles or so and then vanished. When I made my way into the Oasis truck stop, I immediately ran into the truck stop restaurant and spotted two sheriffs. They invited me to sit down and tell my story, all along I could see they were both nervous as hell. When I finished they took my name and phone number and told me that they seen this same ufo in a farmers field with the family that called it in two days earlier. Believe me they were frightened because it was their patrol area. Years later I contacted one of the sheriffs that I may have spoken to and he denied that the incident ever happened.;44.2984;-90.8424
Several reddish-orange lights in a near figure 8 formation appeared in the SE sky for approximately 2-3 minutes before going;2016-05-21 22:05:00;3 minutes;Several reddish-orange lights in a near figure 8 formation appeared in the south eastern sky for approximately 2-3 minutes, before going out of sight.;44.2984;-90.8424
Orange lights fixated above prison below shallow cloud cover;2019-09-21 20:30:00;15 seconds;Orange lights fixated above prison below shallow cloud cover Two bright orange lights above the local prison, possibly disappeared into low cloud cover. Lights appeared to be the shape of a visible planet, but orange and below the cloud cover. No stars visible, the lights were not red green or yellow, but orange.;44.2984;-90.8424
