Three yellow-orange lights flying over-head numerous times.;2010-10-30 22:23:00;20 minutes;Three yellow-orange lights flying over-head numerous times. It was the night before Halloween, three friends and I were walking in some fields around the high school track in our town. We were looking up at the stars at the time, and it was surprising that there were no stars in the bright, star-lit sky. The wind, out of nowhere, began picking up. We all witnessed 5 yellowish-orange lights (one in the very middle, ahead of all the others, two behind, and two more behind the other two, forming a V shape,) flying overhead, headed North, North-Eastern direction (probably about 300 feet above the ground). It made no noise, at all, and when it was approaching, the wind would pick up and would immediately stop when overhead. All of us were astonished, we did not believe our eyes we decided keep watching the night sky. A couple minutes later, once the wind began to pick up (which was weird, because there was no wind at all during the day-time or through-out the whole day and no clouds,) this light over the track which is usually dimly lit and only comes on every minute or two was fully lit. We were searching for the UFO, and the wind began to come down and we saw 3 yellowish-orange lights headed in the same direction (300 feet above the ground?), this one looked like the other one but without the two lights on the very end. The wind picked up again and dyed down once it disappeared.  The light over the track then dimmed down. We were hearing distant screams, in a manly voice. Within a few seconds, we heard a metallic,bang by some nearby bleachers. By then, we started walking on the track, since we got spooked.   Approximately 2 minutes later, some nearby coyotes started going wild, yelping for help it sounded like. The wind began to pick up, which was our sign, and we saw the 3 yellowish-orange lights again (probably 150 feet above the ground), and it did a curving motion above us, speeding up and tilted toward us. (It was hard to keep up with the UFO at the speed it was traveling at it seemed like the lights turned a white-ish color once they were moving at a fast speed.) We all ran for the car, it was on a mission, we thought. The car, which is in good shape, a Ford Mustang, took approximately 3 times to start, which is very, very peculiar. The four of us went to a house, only 50 yards away. We exited the vehicle, and one of us called a friend and he witnessed the UFO too, once it came around the fourth time, headed slightly in a North-Western direction about 3 minutes after we arrived at the house. Once the UFO did come around the final time, a street-light that was off, came on suddenly and was bright the rest of the lights became slightly brighter   Later on that night, all of our phones were having service problems but then again we do all have the same service provider..., an odd night indeed…;35.2686;-97.7499
