I saw a gigantic triangular craft with 3 white lights on each tip glide silently just above the trees, alongside me as I drove .;1992-08-01 19:30:00;~12 minutes;I saw a gigantic triangular craft with 3 white lights on each tip glide silently just above the trees, alongside me as I drove . I was driving, with my friend in the passenger seat on route 10, towards West Hartford.  I don't remember the exact time, but it was at night, & I know the road well--it had no buildings or street lights.  Just a long, dark, wooded country road.  My friend was talking, & at some point, I noticed 3 white lights, forming a *huge* triangle (I thought maybe a city block), going alongside me--silently--(our windows were open, it being a very hot summer night) just barely above the trees.  I had a long time to look at it & go through the checklist of whether it could be some kind of plane or planes, & I remember trying to figure out if it was all one craft.  I remember concluding it was one craft--I think because I saw that between the lights, the stars were blocked out.  I questioned my senses, & whether I was jumping to conclusions that it was a UFO, because it happened to be that only 2-3 days before, I had finished reading Communion.  But in the end, I couldn't question the simple fact that I had rationally gone through the checklist:  it couldn't be any legal man-made craft, because there were no blinking lights nor red lights.  (My father was a pilot).  & then of course, it made no sound. However, I was afraid to say anything to my friend, because she's ultra main-stream & scientific--just not the type I'd expect to believe in UFO's or aliens.  I thought she'd make fun of me & come up with some sort of explanation besides UFO.  But then she finally stopped talking & said, hey, do you SEE that??!!  Me: yeah, I've been watching it for about 10 minutes.  Her: That can't be a plane--there's no blinking or red lights… That's a UFO!!  ME (In a totally freaked out tone): I knoooow!! & then a couple of seconds later, it just disappeared.;41.7299;-72.8433000000001
Triangular Craft spotted in CT.;2010-11-15 20:20:00;2 min;Triangular Craft spotted in CT. While driving south down a 2 lane highway, noticed an object in the sky moving towards me.  I thought it was a passenger plane heading to Bradley Airport but it seemed low to be this far away if coming in for a landing.  I turned left on to RT 4 keeping an eye out for the craft.  I saw it coming towards me, now to my right.  I pulled my truck off the road and rolled down my window sticking my head out.  It passed directly over me at a constant rather slow speed - it was now on the left side of the truck.  I listened hard for a sound of engines.  None detected.  I could make out a triangular shape, although the rear corners of the wings (or whatever) had a radius - not sharp angles.  Craft was the width of my fingers held 2 - 3 inches wide at arms length.  There were 3 rather large square white lights, or illuminations, down the bottom center of the craft.  This seemed unusual to me.  There were two white strobes flashing on each side of the craft - seemed so! rt of standard for aircraft.  This may have been a secret military craft.  It flew a constant, straight path towards the north.  I do not feel it was alien in nature.  It did nothing remarkable.;41.7299;-72.8433000000001
((HOAX??))  It was big, quiet and triangular.;2014-11-21 18:00:00;4 minutes;It was big, quiet and triangular. On Friday, me and a couple of friends were in my back yard when I looked up and saw 3 moving lights.  They looked to me moving from east to west, very slowly.  It appeared to be a triangle shape with 3 orange lights.  It was quiet and did not look like a plane it was way too big. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Hoax??  PD));41.7299;-72.8433000000001
