Triangular pattern of lights hovering above Alma, Arkansas;2009-09-25 21:30:00;4 seconds;Triangular pattern of lights hovering above Alma, Arkansas My fiancee and I were driving southbound on Hwy 71 just south of the I-40 interchange.  I noticed 3 lights in a triangular pattern hovering up in the sky.  Just after I saw them, the lights started shutting down one by one pretty quickly.  The entire event lasted approximately 4 seconds and she was not able to look up fast enough to see it.  The lights seemed to be emitting from very large recessed pockets.  Similar to light protruding from recessed ceiling lights. I could not see the craft due to all of the light pollution.  It was a clear night, so there there were no clouds for the city lights to reflect off of which would have made an excellent background.  I could not give an estimate of the size of the lights or how high it was hovering since it happened so quickly.  However, they came across as very, very large.  If I had to guess the shape of the object, I would guess that it was a triangular shape due to the positioning of the lights. After the lights disappeared, I quickly turned into the Braum's parking lot to scan the sky.  After not seeing anything for roughly 10 minutes, I turned around and drove through exactly as I had just done to make sure I wasn't seeing a reflection on my window or a streetlight or something.  Whatever it was, it was hovering in an open area that could not be mistaken for anything.  I used Solidworks with Photoworks to sketch out what the lights looked like before they shut off.  I also used Google Earth to show where I was driving and the approximate location of the lights.  I will email those to the address listed below.;35.4973;-94.2081
fast moving object wobbling at times at relative high speed moving east of alma;2010-03-03 19:19:00;45 seconds;fast moving object wobbling at times at relative high speed moving east of alma Bright object to the east of alma moving fast eastward with appearence of abrupt wobbles light was out very fast within 45 sec approx 3-4m high no sound no other lights besides main bright light.;35.4973;-94.2081
