While driving to Canton, near Stoughton, MA, my son and I both saw a very bright round shape which emmitted a bright, strong beam of li;1999-12-20 18:54:00;5 minutes;While driving to Canton, near Stoughton, MA, my son and I both saw a very bright round shape which emmitted a bright, strong beam of light straight out into the sky.  This lasted for approximately 1 min. then completely disappeared. Within 2 minutes, 4 planes appeared to be flying in formation looking for the object. We again saw this object and it's beam in what seemed like a closer view and we were able to see what looked like 5 exhaust pipes from where the light beams came from. Then the light beams seemed to slowly extinquish themselves until there was nothing. We witnessed the object and plane formation two more times while driving to and from this area. As we drove through Stoughton after taking the exit 19B to rte. 138 enroute to Canton Christmas, my son and I saw a Bright round luminous object in the sky.  This object was much bigger than any star we have seen and the beam of light coming from it was straight and round, long and thick beam. Then after about what seemed a minute, the object suddenly disappeared from the sky.  About 2 minutes later we witnessed 4 planes take v-formation in the sky and they appeared to be searching for something. As we drove down 138, we again seen this object. This time it appeared to be bigger, perhaps closer and we were able to see the exhaust area that the beams came from.  The exhaust area looked like 5 round holes, brightly lit. As we witnessed this object for the 2nd time, we both felt our hearts stop and were extremely frightened. Just then the object disappeared, shortly thereafter, the 4 planes took formation.  On the way back from Canton as we approached the Christmas Tree Shoppe parking lot, we again seen the object, it appeared as it did earlier with the beam of light but now it sort of had a trailing light also. As we watched, a young man approached and looked into the sky. My son pointed to the object and the young man stood looking with his mouth wide open.  He yelled to us that he could see it also.  Just then, it disappeared and sure enough, here comes the 4 planes in formation.  We then went inside the Shop.  After approximately, 40 minutes, we left and while driving on rte. 24 towards Brockton, we witnessed the object again. This time it seemed very brief, but once again the planes came in formation.;42.1648;-71.1379
UFO sighting in Canton, MA.  ((anonymous report));2017-07-09 09:53:00;4 minutes;UFO sighting in canton Mass I was walking to work when I saw these 2 circular things shining in the sky.  I thought they were maybe drones but they were moving too slow and too close together to be drones.   They continued moving and blinking for about 4 minutes when they disappeared.  I had looked down for a second and then couldn't find them again. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.1648;-71.1379
