strange light above canton ma.would stay totally still then move allover real fast no noises at all.;2001-07-29 01:00:00;2 hours;strange light above canton ma.would stay totally still then move allover real fast no noises at all. it was around 1am i just happened to look out my basement bathroom window .and there was a bright light over my neibors house. well it looked like it was over the house.  it was not a star because it was not high enough and it moved in strang ways .most of the time it did not move but every know and then it would move back and forth real fast .after around 20mins i woke up my girlfreind and i had her look at it .  she thought i was wacked but she looked at it and she also saw it move around .she told me to set up my telescope that she got me for my b-day back in june .  well i started to set it up but it was a pain in the ((I.e. difficult)) to set up .i only used it one other time and she had set it up .so i tried to use the lenses of the telescope but i couldn't see anything .so i got my new camcorder out and went upstairs to my rear porch and started filming the srange light. but i couldn't see the light in the view finder it's one of the sony camcorders where you point the lense and just hold the camra still.well i didn't think i got anything but when i watched the tape you could see the light moving a round.so i went back out and took some more pictures but it was harder to see it was a little higher and my neibors tree was kind of in the way .but i still was able to get some more pictures.i showed my girlfreind and she could also see it .on part of the tape there was a real bright light but that was the street light in front of my neibors house.but if you saw the tape you can see the light just above the tree line moving all over .also when i first saw it in the sky a small plane flew right under it .when i first saw the plane going towards the light it looked like they would collied.but when it did fly near it.it whent right under it no problem .but they looked to be mybe a couple hundred feet away from each other.the plane must have seen it .norwood airport is the next town over they also must have seen something. well anyway all to gether i saw this light for about 2hours .and later i woke up to go to the bathroo! m and i could not see it anymore .and i also looked the next two nights and nothing .also the sky has been crystel clear the last few nights .i don't know what to tell you except that it wasn't a plane or a star or planet .well thats all i can tell you thanks ((name and e-address deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We wonder whether the witness might have been looking at Mars, or some other celestial body.  PD));42.1648;-71.1379
Bright light traveling east near Blue Hills in Canton.;2011-11-12 21:20:00;2-3 seconds;Bright light traveling east near Blue Hills in Canton. While driving on I-93N near the Blue Hills in Canton, MA, I saw a bright light fly roughly overhead at a speed that was noticeably faster than a typical airplane or jet. I-93N heads almost due east at this point and the light was traveling in approximately the same direction.  The light seemed like it wasn't too high.  I'll estimate it was maybe less than a mile in the air although it is hard to say.  The light suddenly became not visible before it made it over the horizon or flew far enough away to not be seen.  Conditions were clear and there were no fog or clouds which could have obscured it.  There was at least a few other cars on the highway and I'm wondering if anyone else may have noticed it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));42.1648;-71.1379
