A huge round saucer  silently gliding 5,000-6,000 feet above me;1989-08-10 18:00:00;5+ minutes;A huge round saucer  silently gliding 5,000-6,000 feet above me I was driving in my car with a friend in the middle of town.  As I came to a stop light, a saucer-shaped disk came into my view overhead.  It must have been on the same path as I was (a main road), and when I came to a stop, it kept going. The saucer was (rough guess) half a football field round in diameter.  Possibly more.  A huge disk silently gliding through the air!  Set in from the outer diameter a few yards were a ring of lights, pulsating different colors at different timing.  It's been quite a few years past but I recall seeing red and green and possibly yellow lights.  It was riding low in the sky, roughly 5,000-6,000 feet above me. I continued down the road and the saucer seemed to be going at my pace, staying just over me.  I turned left and the saucer was still over me.  I took one last turn, which essentially  meant I was facing the direction from which I had just come and the saucer is still over me.  I came to a stop and it kept on going soon out of my sight, in the direction from which it came.  At one point I actually thought I was going to be the next abductee! ((NUFORC Note:  Date of the event may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));38.0976761904762;-122.569730952381
At approximately 5:40PM tonight (Friday 2-4-12) I was home with my daughter folding laundry and was about to head upstairs to put the c;2012-02-04 17:48:00;1 min 20 secs;At approximately 5:40PM tonight (Friday 2-4-12) I was home with my daughter folding laundry and was about to head upstairs to put the clothes away when I was absolutely startled, because high above our pool table room windows I saw some incredible bright lights out in the sky.  It was not completely dark yet, but more on the dusk side so I walked over to the door and peeked out the window to take another look as it did not appear to be an airplane.  What I saw were these incredible bright, huge lights, bright and deep blue, and a bright almost pink red, the lights appeared almost bigger than the craft.  The craft seemed to be very large and a disc shape.  I would say it looked about half the size of the moon if I were to try and compare it to something.  I think what startled me were the huge beautiful lights, then I realize no planes ever fly in this path, nor helicopters, the object also sat still without moving and then it moved to the left and back very ! quickly.  I ran out the door onto our street and started to scream for my daughter to come outside (although she is young I wanted her to see this as well) as I turned the object was so bright barely moving and then it shot down toward earth, and when this thing came down it was if it were going thru a tunnel at the speed of light.  I have no idea what happened but it did not look like it was in the midst of a crash, and I have no idea if it even landed, all I know is it shot down toward earth and that was the last I saw of it.   It was absolutely unbelievable. From where I was standing and where our house is located I can guess that this object was over the mountains and or close to if not over the ocean. It was really the most unbelievable sight I have ever seen!!  I am not one to go around talking about aliens or ufo’s but I can say without a shadow of a doubt that what I witnessed tonight was not a plane, not a helicopter, and not a balloon.  The way this thing moved, how fast it moved, and the fact that it would move side to side and then sit still in the sky tells me it was without a doubt a ufo/unidentified flying object.  Not to mention the size of this thing and the colorful huge lights that were surrounding this object. I would love to know if anyone else out in Marin looked up in the sky tonight and witnessed something strange as I did? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.0976761904762;-122.569730952381
