we were traveling east on hwy. 37 and saw moving slowly above us from the north/west, what looked like three giant bars of light, simil;1999-09-01 21:30:00;3+ minutes;we were traveling east on hwy. 37 and saw moving slowly above us from the north/west, what looked like three giant bars of light, similar to very high beam headlights shining through fog (there was no fog), at one point there was another object that looked like it was shot out of the light structure, very much like a missile, this was shot in an eastward direction.  We agreed that it looked much like a shooting star. Wednesday, September 1, 1999 at approximately 9:30 p.m., my husband and I were traveling eastbound on hwy. 37 in Marin County, Ca.  The location was approximately 1.5 miles from the Black Point/Atherton exit.  We saw in the sky directly above our car what looked like three long, thick, fingers of light traveling at a very slow speed, they looked very much like super high beam headlights shining through a thick fog, (there was no fog that night).  We continued to watch this light show while we looked for a place to pull over on the highway.  As the lights crossed directly over hwy. 37, we saw what looked like a small missile, or shooting star, shot off the side into an easternly direction.  The lights looked as if they had come from a north/west direction, and they were crossing over hwy. 37 in a south/east direction.  At the time of observation, my mouth filled with the taste of having bit down on aluminum foil on a tooth filling.  I had the sensation of metal emitting from an upper back crown in my mouth.  This taste stayed with me for approx. 10 minutes after the viewing.  The next morning I woke up with the insides of my lips feeling sunburned. When we arrived home (which is 1 mile north off of hwy. 37) our 12 year old daughter told us that she had been sound asleep and was woken by the popping sounds of the vertebra in her neck, her mouth was filled with a bad taste, like a burning taste.  At this point she looked up through her bed side window and saw bars of bright light going over our house.  She remembers that her bed side clock read 9:30.  The three of us felt exhausted the next day.  We all sensed that what we saw was some kind of pre-empt of something much larger to come.  When my husband and I pulled off the freeway to view the lights more clearly, they continued to move slowly for a few seconds, and then completely disappeared, one second they were there in front of us, the next, they were gone.  We sat there for several minutes in a very stunned mode. I am a 43 yr. old mother of two small daughters, aged 12 and 8.  I am currently working on a project in conjunction with the Institute of Noetic Sciences, called the Future Generations Initiative.  This Initiative is working toward bringing together like minded efforts that are working to raise the consciousness of our youth so that they may be more prepared to face the challenges that we leave them.  I am working closely with the Institute, as well as with members of the State of the World Forum.  My husband, age 46, is the co-owner of the largest privately owned home improvement corporation in the nation.  Our daughter, age 12, is a student of Waldorf Education, a bright and loving girl, musically inclined.;38.0976761904762;-122.569730952381
Mysterious gold light in the night sky in north San Francisco Bay area;2006-07-21 23:00:00;10-15 seconds;Mysterious gold light in the night sky in north San Francisco Bay area I was sitting in a chair outside the rear of our house enjoying the unseasonably warm evening weather, gazing north, looking at the stars & the occasional commercial jet on their familiar flight path coming from the Pacific Northwest heading to San Francisco airport. There was no clouds in the sky, no moon was visible (it's always in the opposite direction anyway), and no wind. It was about 85 degrees (F).  Suddenly & seemingly from out of no where, a goldish circular light appeared in the sky. It was about 1/3 the size of a full moon when it's highest in the sky. It was an intense (but easy to look at) soft gold color, that seemed to be pulsing on the outer circumfrence of the object, which had no visible defined edge. No other shape within or without the object was visible. There was total silence as is moved laterally & slowly in a westerly direction. The object appeared to above Mt. Burdell. No commercial jets or other aircraft were in the area at the time.  Totally suprised by what I was seeing I quickly thought about fireworks or flares, both ideas which I discarded quickly. I called for my son to come here as I continued to watch this amazing & mysterious celestial display. Then just as my son was about to step outside, there was a quiet, low frequency popping noise, & the object seemed to dissapear, or rather transform. In it's place was a dot of light, appearing much like a small distant star, except it was moving, still in a westerly direction. It was difficult to continue to see as it became fainter, until it was gone.;38.0976761904762;-122.569730952381
Two glowing lights sighted from backroads in Marin.;2006-12-16 00:34:00;2 minutes;Two glowing lights sighted from backroads in Marin. When me and 3 other friends were out driving, we saw 2 lights coming in our direction, and we thought they were another cars headlights, but they were much too dim. They didn't really shine, they actually just kind of glowed.  By the time we got near enough, they stopped, and just flew straight up, one after the other. And then when they were just barely out of sight, they got really big and bright and flew east. And that was the last we saw of them.;38.0976761904762;-122.569730952381
Bright green ball of light falls through the clouds;2011-11-22 18:00:00;35 seconds;Bright green ball of light falls through the clouds As I was driving northbound on the HWY101 I entered an area between the cities of Novato CA. and Petaluma CA.  This area is more open with pastures for dairy farming and there is also a garbage refuse center so there is no city or neighborhood in the area.  It had just gotten dark as i was passing through the area so everyone had their headlights on, it had just rained earlier that day so the clouds in the sky were breaking up allowing for the night sky to be seen in fragments.  Driving along i had a sudden urge to lean forward over the steering wheel and look up out into the sky, it was kind of one of those feelings that i just got, not to look for anything in particular but just to look at the sky.  At just that moment i could see part of a cloud illuminate with a fluorescent green color and through a break in the clouds a bright ball of green light descended at quite a fast pace.  It dropped maybe 500ft or so from the cloud cover which might have been a 1000ft! above.  This green ball of light was traveling extremely fast toward the north and was only descending down to then sweep back up towards the clouds, before reaching the clouds it picked up speed, a lot of speed.  It stayed below the clouds but began moving so fast that it disappeared before my eyes.  The duration of the sighting may have only been about 30sec. but was indeed something I have never witnessed in my life.  The object was a solid ball of light, its color was green and when it began picking up speed there was no trail behind it.  It looked as though it had come through the clouds dipping for seconds before going so fast i could not see it anymore.;38.0976761904762;-122.569730952381
