MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  I saw a saucer shaped object just down and to the right of the Moon.;2008-07-18 21:45:00;5 to 10 seconds;My wife, myself and my nephew were driving home to Salem MO from Rolla MO on highway 72 Friday night at about 9:45 at night.  We were about halfway to Salem (around Lake Spring) and my wife very calmly said hey look its a UFO.  At first I thought she was kidding because she does not belive in UFO's, but I looked to the left where she was motioning to and I saw a saucer shaped object just down and to the right of the Moon.  It was a big full moon that night, and at first I thought that maybe it was just a cloud that was being illuminated by the moon.   After my eyes focused clearly on it and I got a good look I could tell it was a perfect saucer shape.  It had no lights or anything it seemed to just be sitting there.  There wasn't any detail, just sort of a dark saucer shape with part of it being illuminated by the moon.  As we drove on the moon and the object became obscured from view by the treeline for a few seconds, and when it came back into view it was g! one. Witness did not contact police nor any other UFO organization. No photos were taken. Report received by MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP - http://ufomig.bravehost.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));37.618;-91.5184
MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  I saw a saucer shaped object just down and to the right of the Moon.;2008-07-18 21:45:00;10 seconds;My wife, myself and my nephew were driving home (Salem MO) from Rolla MO on highway 72 friday night at about 9:45 at night.  We were about halfway to Salem and My wife very calmly said hey look its a UFO.  At first I thought she was kidding because she does not belive in UFO's, but I looked to the left where she was motioning to and I saw a saucer shaped object just down and to the right of the Moon.  It was a big full moon that night, and at first I thought that maybe it was just a cloud that was being illuminated by the moon.  After my eyes focused clearly on it and I got a good look I could tell it was a perfect saucer shape.  It had no lights or anything it seemed to just be sitting there.  There wasn't any detail, just sort of a dark saucer shape with part of it being illuminated by the moon.  As we drove on the moon and the object became obscured from view by the treeline for a few seconds, and when it came back into view it was gone. Report received by MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP - http://ufomig.bravehost.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));37.618;-91.5184
