Around 7:30 this evening I was waiting in the Salem H.S. parking lot waiting for the moon to rise.  I was planning on photographing the;2007-03-07 19:30:00;a few minutes;Around 7:30 this evening I was waiting in the Salem H.S. parking lot waiting for the moon to rise.  I was planning on photographing the moon this evening.  The moon was spectacular Monday night. While waiting for the moon to rise I caught a glimpse of light out of my right eye.  Initially I thought another street light had come on and didn’t give it a second thought.  However, a few seconds later a second light appeared relatively close to the first light.  The first light disappeared.  A third light appeared close to the second light. When the third light appeared the second light went off.  After the  third light went off they all came on at the same time.  Then itstarted over again.  The lights were on about 15-30 seconds each time. By this time my adrenaline was at it’s all time high.  I became anxious and scared.  I left the parking lot to go get my husband,  by the time we got back, no more lights.  If there is ever a next time, I will stay. The lights came on and off very deliberately.  There was no movement that I could see.  I got outside my car to listen for noise.  There was none.  The lights were very low in the sky and seemed to be very close.  The lights appeared to be over the High School. The  lights  were on the same plane, close together,  but were  not the same distance apart.  The color of the first light is what initially caught my eye.  The lights were very bright, had a yellowish tint and were uniform in shape.  The lights came on quickly and they seemed slow to turn off.  The lights were not the same color as the stars. Fort Leonard Wood is very close to Salem.  There is fighter jet activity over Salem all the time.   I tried to rationalize the lights coming from some sort of aircraft  from Fort Leonard Wood.  This could be the case, but I don’t think so. Never, have I seen anything like this before.  I wish my husband had seen the lights too.  He thinks I am nuts, but I am not. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));37.618;-91.5184
I filed a report last night.  It is an embarrassment to file one this evening, but I feel an obligation to do so.;2007-03-08 19:50:00;5-10 min.;I filed a report last night.  It is an embarrassment to file one this evening, but I feel an obligation to do so.  Arriving at the H.S. parking lot around 19:15 I rolled down the windows and opened the sunroof.  Many stars in the sky, just like last night.   Two small planes flew by.  Around 19:45 I saw and heard two jets fly over the H.S., I was amused. The jets flew over the H.S. this evening around the same time the lights were seen last night.  The jets came from the north and flew towards the south.  I could see two red lights overhead.  I felt good, was ready to home, enough of this stuff.  As soon as the jet noise dissipated, I saw a light.  Didn’t believe it would ever happen again.  They were further away, just above the treetops.  Two of the lights were southeast and one was southwest of the H.S.  The lights went on and immediately off.   Two to three seconds duration each time.    They had a yellowish tint, the same as last night.   This went on for several minutes.  Each light went on twice that I noticed.    No trailing lights of any kind.  The lights were bright, almost firework like in color temperature.    Each light illuminated in the same way, they seemed identical. It was weird!  Maybe military exercises were being performed.   I hope this is the case.  The jets play in the airspace around Salem quite often, but the lights were much lower than the jets. There is probably a simple explanation.  I wished that someone could provide me with one.;37.618;-91.5184
MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  As we were walking, I looked towards my house.and I pointed at a bright orange light…;2008-03-02 19:30:00;25 minutes;As we were walking, I looked towards my house.and I pointed at a bright orange light... Location of Sighting: We live 4 miles north of Salem, Missouri...the lights were ESE and SSE from our house...towards Salem.  I live across the road from my parents. My 8-year-old son and I walked my niece back to their house. We were walking back home and talking about going to the back yard to lay down on the trampoline to watch the stars since it was over 61 degrees F...and the sky was clear. As we were walking, I looked towards my house, which is south of my parents house...and I pointed at a bright orange light and said, what is that?. I thought it was a really bright planet or something, but I didn't remember hearing anything about  that...as soon as I had thought that, it disappeared. My son witnessed that as well. As soon as that one had disappeared, another one appeared in the east. Very bright orange-white light. I turned around and told my other niece to run in and tell my parents to come outside and look. I saw it happen in 3 different places about 5 times before I ran inside to grab my camera and drive my car to my parents house. As I got onto their front deck, I saw another one...an! d my brother, Luke, was able to see it just before it faded. He saw another one with me that was a lot dimmer and moved up. My dad, James, came outside and together we saw over 8 occurances in different locations. There were 3-4 times that we saw two lights grouped together. I tried to get a video of the lights, but all it captured was our voices...I will try to find a video editor and see if I can brighten the video. It was very interesting. I'd like to know if there are any other reports of this please. Thank you!  Report received by MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP - http://ufomig.bravehost.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));37.618;-91.5184
