Triangular-shaped object hovers 30 to40 feet above car for five minutes.;1991-11-10 22:15:00;5 minutes;Triangular-shaped object hovers 30 to40 feet above car for five minutes. To the investigators of UFO’s On November 10, 1991 my cousin and I were subject to an object that not only crossed our paths that night, but would affect both of our way of thinking for some years to come. It was 10:15 P.M.  Central Standard Time as we were traveling east on highway H and was coming back into the town of Salem, Missouri. We had just crossed the one- lane bridge that resides approximately 5 miles out of town on H highway, and made our way up and over the hill just ¼ of a mile past DD intersection. Upon topping over the hill, my cousin notices what he believes is an airplane to our far left in the cattle ranchers’ field and this object is traveling south. Upon further notice, we both realized that not only was this airplane descending, but it made absolutely NO SOUND as it made its way across the field and toward H highway in which we were traveling on. Believing that it was an airplane, we accelerated to approximately 90 miles per hour so as to pass under the plane as it crossed the highw! ay.  The object reached H highway before our car had the chance to pass under it or even get close to it, and much to our dismay the object came to a complete stop above H highway. As our car came to a screeching halt, it slid up under the object and stalled out. Sitting in the middle of the highway, my cousin and I stared up at the object, still believing that it was some sort of a helicopter, when we both noticed that the object was making no sound, it was not moving, and the unknown object hovered silently not 30 to 40 feet above us. In fear, my cousin rolled up his window and we sat silently staring up at the craft. Jerry turned to me and asked “what do you think it is?” To which by this time I realized that neither of us knew the answer to his question. The object had three lights on its underside that were extremely bright. These lights formed a triangular shape and the light source did not waver in energy, in fact, the lights were so bright that the whole highway was ! illuminated as though it was daytime. After sitting motionless! above t he highway for what I believe was approximately two minutes, the craft began to slowly move diagonal from its original route and hovered to a clearing in the open field that lay to the right of my car. The object hovered just above the tree tops, almost brushing them as it passed over them, until it had reached an opening in the field. The object stops again and then, much to our dismay, starts to turn onto its side and then slowly lower itself to the ground. So close to the ground in fact, that I could see the silhouette of the field grass as the light from the two back lights shined through them. After sitting at ground level for no longer than one minute, the object slowly left our side and made its way down the forest that rested to its immediate right. The object then leveled back out flat to the ground as it traveled and after flying about 300 yards, it ascended at a 30 degree angle. It flew up into the night sky, never to be seen again by my cousin or myself. After mu! ch deliberation, my cousin and I agreed that we had not experienced any lost time nor have we ever found any explanation for what we witnessed.;37.618;-91.5184
Triangular-shaped object witnessed by two people at close range.;1991-11-10 22:15:00;3-5 minutes;Triangular-shaped object witnessed by two people at close range. On November 10, 1991, my cousin and I were subject to an object that not only crossed our paths that night, but would affect both of our way of thinking for some years to come.  It was 10:15 P.M.  Central Standard Time as we were traveling east on highway H and was coming back into the town of Salem, Missouri.  We had just crossed the one- lane bridge that resides approximately 5 miles out of town on H highway, and made our way up and over the hill just ¼ of a mile past DD intersection.   Upon topping over the hill, my cousin notices what he believes is an airplane to our far left in the cattle ranchers’ field and this object is traveling south.  Upon further notice, we both realized that not only was this airplane descending, but it made absolutely NO SOUND as it made its way across the field and toward H highway in which we were traveling on.  Believing that it was an airplane, we accelerated to approximately 90 miles per hour so as to pass under the plane as it crossed the highway.  The object reached H highway before our car had the chance to pass under it or even get close to it, and much to our dismay the object came to a complete stop above H highway.  As our car came to a screeching halt, it slid up under the object and stalled out. Sitting in the middle of the highway, my cousin and I stared up at the object, still believing that it was some sort of a helicopter, when we both noticed that the object was making no sound, it was not moving, and the unknown object hovered silently not 30 to 40 feet above us.  In fear, my cousin rolled up his window and we sat silently staring up at the craft.  He turned to me and asked “what do you think it is?”  To which by this time I realized that neither of us knew the answer to his question.  The object had three circular lights on its underside that were extremely bright.  These lights formed a triangular shape and the light source did not waver in energy, in fact, the lights were so bright that the whole highway was illuminated as though it was daytime.   After sitting motionless above the highway for what I believe was approximately two or three minutes, the craft began to slowly move diagonal from its original route and hovered to a clearing in the open field that lay ! to the right of my car.  The object hovered just above the tree tops, almost brushing them as it passed over them, until it had reached an opening in the field. The object stops again and then, much to our dismay, starts to turn onto its side and then slowly lower itself to the ground.  So close to the ground in fact, that I could see the silhouette of the field grass as the light from the lower of the two back lights shined through them.  After sitting at ground level for no longer than one minute, the object slowly left our side and made its way down the forest that rested to its immediate right.  The object then leveled back out flat to the ground as it traveled and after flying about 300 yards, it ascended at a 30 degree angle.  It flew up into the night sky, never to be seen again by my cousin or myself.   After much deliberation, my cousin and I agreed that we had not experienced any lost time nor have we ever found any explanation for what we witnessed.  However, after attending a recent UFO conference an investigator told me that he has studied triangular-shaped UFOs for some time and with my experience, I had come closer to one th! an anyone that he had ever heard of.  During that same conference I spoke to a psychologist who has studied the phenomena, and he listened to my story and was surprised to find that I had not experienced any lost time.  He began to ask me a lot of questions concerning my childhood and after that evening I began to question many events in my childhood that have followed me even into my adult life.  I have had many strange events in my life, and my children seem to also be affected by some of these phenomena.   After many years of not speaking about the event, I contacted my cousin and asked him to tell me his version of the events, only to find that everything lined-up with my story except the ending where he told me that the object followed outside the car as we drove off. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));37.618;-91.5184
The craft hovered above car for 3 to 5 minutes staying directly 30-50 feet in front of the car above the road.  Lowed itself infront of;1991-11-23 22:00:00;22:05;The craft hovered above car for 3 to 5 minutes staying directly 30-50 feet in front of the car above the road.  Lowed itself infront of a house and began to eccelerate, dodging in and out of trees and finally disappearing over the horizone. My cousin and I were going home from my girlfriend house at 10:00PM driving down highway H going East.  I was driving and my cousin was commenting on the sky in which he noticed an object coming Northeast toward us.  At first glance we thought it was a plane because there was a small airport for personal prop planes to the southwest of us.  I then told my cousin that it was nothing to worry about.  The plane looked as if it was coming in at a slow rate of speed.  It then began to speed up keeping the same distance from the ground.  So I told my cousin that it looked to me like it was getting ready to crash.  We were about a 1/4th of a mile from the object and as we watched it in fear thinking it was going to crash into a field on the southwest side of us.  I decided to speed up to an  approximately 70-80 miles per hour to get a closer look at it.  As it came over the highway it slowed down to a complete stop, where it sat motionless.  By this time we were about 20 yards and came to a screaching hault about 10 yards from it, in which the car engined stauled.  The object was about 30 feet in the air and the white lights were so bright that we could not make out a complete description of it. We could hear no jet engines or propellors.  So we automaticly assumed that it was nothing that we had ever seen before.  After three to five minutes of absolutley no noise and no movement, the object slowly began to move southwest across the highway. It then turned on its side and hovered closer to the ground.  It began to move away from us, carefully manuvering between trees and eccelorating to an approximate speed of 40-50 miles per hour.  We then left the area and headed for home.  When at the junction of H and 72 Highway we watched as a state patrol and at least 4 police cars headed down 32 Highway (which is ajacent to H highway) going southwest toward the area the object was moving. I now work at an Airline company and have many friends who have been in the Airforce and Navy and none of which who have even heard of an object that can do the things that this one did. If you have heard of such an object, I would like to know what it is to put my questions to rest.;37.618;-91.5184
Daytime white triangle shaped object in the sky.;2007-02-15 17:05:00;2 min;Daytime white triangle shaped object in the sky. Arriving home, 5:05 pm, my wife (passenger) drew my attention to an object to our northeast.  Object was stationary.  Appeared the size of a commercial airliner at 25 to 30 thousand feet. I entered home, retrieved binoculars, stepped back outside object had begun to move north. Through binoculars, object appeared to be triangle shape and white in color.  Object took about one minute to fade from view. Object did not have wings, lights, vapor trail, or sound.  Temperature was about 15 degrees.  Clear sky with setting western sun shining on the object. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witnesses via telephone, and both sounded to be quite serious-minded people.  The fact that the object was stationary, when first observed, is interesting, and the fact that it disappeared over the horizon so rapidly is equally curious, we believe.  PD));37.618;-91.5184
