A friend and I were sitting at a stop light at the intersection of Old Hwy 67 and Main St.  (old downtown) Beebe,  I looked up to my ri;2012-06-22 10:19:00;3 minutes;A friend and I were sitting at a stop light at the intersection of Old Hwy 67 and Main St.  (old downtown) Beebe,  I looked up to my right which would be to the South and saw a Large Triangular Formation of Red-Orange Lights that appeared, and acted almost the same way a candle's flame would.  If you were to lay a one dimensional triangle down where all three points were laying against the ground this is how it was moving from South to North.  It was no higher that 300-600 feet above us and crossed directly over us once the light changed we began driving I was in awe and told my friend to look up and when she saw them she stopped the car and climbed up through the sunroof to see them.  We had plenty of time to take photos, yet it was hard to get an a shot that would come out as awesome as they were in person.  This flat triangular shape bean to turn in a 360 degree rotation with the pointer flame/light tumbling first, and it did this 3 or 4 times.  It began ! to level out once it crossed over Hwy 67 North and then suddenly after crossing over the top point of the triangle was flickering more rapidly and then it vanished, along with the second and third.  One at a time, in a 5 second interval.  I'd say when we started the angle at which we were looking was at a 45 degree and it slowly became 90 degrees and directly over head where we were looking up underneath.  As it past over us I noticed that there was some material that connected each light together along the outside edges. I couldn't see anything in the middle of the shape it appeared hollow.  I did see that the lights were causing whatever material that was keeping them together to reflect and honestly it looked like what spiderwebs look like under a brief flash of a flash like at night.  They didn't seem to make any sound, and were kind of pretty.  I do think that they were somewhat intelligent and it looked like they were showing off, once other cars stopped to watch.  On! e car coming from a side country road actually drove off the r! oad and onto some railroad tracks that run alongside the highway.  Yes these tracks are still in use and we did call the police department because the car actually bottomed out on the tracks.  I notice they jumped out and kept looking though, which should demonstrate how awesome and unusual these lights were.  It seems as though this is something that is happening all over the world.;35.0984;-91.9143
Triangle UFO observed for 15 min over Arkansas  interstate 67 just past mile marker 29.;2014-01-24 21:45:00;15 minutes;Triangle UFO observed for 15 min over Arkansas  interstate 67 just past mile marker 29. My wife pointed out a triangle shaped UFO with a orangeish color lite on the leading point.  We were just past exit 29 heading north on interstate 67.  The object was moving at a very slow pace.  My wife saw it first and pointed it out to me immediately.  I promptly pulled to the shoulder of the interstate so I could exit the vehicle and observe it better.  We watched the object for aprox 15 min before it just disappeared.;35.0984;-91.9143
