April 19, 2006-Bright Light/Object in the sky in WCH, Ohio;2006-04-19 20:10:00;5-8 minutes;April 19, 2006-Bright Light/Object in the sky in WCH, Ohio A friend and I were driving down Old Route 35 in Washington Court House, Fayette County, Ohio, about 1 mile before the Ross County line today. I noticed a very bright yellowish/orange light in the sky about 1-2 miles away over a cornfield. There was alot of farm land and some trees in the area. I thought it was odd because it was so low, bright and huge. I have never seen an airplane that size and especially not that bright and still in the daytime hours. You would need about 75-100 airplanes to make up the size of this.  I continued to watch it for a few minutes and it wasn't moving, but just hovering over the cornfield. I told my friend, who was driving, to look out her window and she saw it also. We both were in pure amazement because I have never seen anything at all like this except for in the movies. Then the light became a bright whiteish color and we could see a silver lining underneath, like the bottom of a disk or bowl.  I didn't take my eyes off of it. It continued to just hover over this area. A few minutes later, the bright light started to dim. Within a split second, the lights totally disappeared and I saw a flash zip across the sky really fast and totally disappear into the sky. We continued looking all over the place and it was just gone, totally gone. We then noticed approximately 10 jet streams in the sky going towards the direction of the object that we saw. We didn't see any airplanes or helicopters in the area at all while we were witnessing this except for after it disappeared, we saw those jet streams going towards that direction.  The only thing in this particular area was the cornfield/farm land and some trees. There were no street lights, tower lights, buildings or anything at all. We were in such amazement and didn't even think to take a picture of this until afterwards. This lasted approximately 5-8 minutes I would say. I wonder if anyone else saw this or anything odd in the sky tonight?;39.5370000000001;-83.4550000000006
Washington C.H. sighting on old US 35;2006-04-19 20:10:00;2 minutes;Washington C.H. sighting on old US 35 My friend and I was out driving in W.C.H. this afternoon, it was just after 8:00 pm. I was driving and she was in the passanger seat. We were on OLD US 35, leaving W.C.H. and about a mile from the Fayette/Ross Co line.  My friend says to me Look, What is that? I glance out my window and about a mile or so away is this incredibly bright object just hovering in the sky above the farming fields. (We where out there in the country.)  I've seen plenty of things like airplanes and helicopters in this area and I know one when I see one. This WAS NOT one. I'd like to add here that it was not yet dark at all outside, the sun was still hanging in there and the sky was still blue.  I could see vaugely a bowl shaped bottom on it that appeared to be a silver color, but emmiting from it was the most blinding white light I've ever seen. Imagine if you will what a normal airplane looks like AT NIGHT, imagine the lights. It was like the lights times 100. The lights where so bright that it seemed beamy almost, the sun but a crisp, white color. (The sun was on the other side of my car, BTW. LOL)  So I'm attempting to drive and watch this object that's not moving by my estimations and all the sudden, it's like the lights on the craft dimmed by 50% and I said to my friend Did it just dim it's lights? and she said Yes. No more then five seconds later she says OMG It's just gone!  So I looked agian and sure enoungh, it had totally vanished. I saw nothing. The car behind me started driving really, really fast and they took off around me like a bat out of hell.  So we drive down 35, cross the Fayette/Ross Co. border and turn around and come back. I look up and I see a bunch of jet stream or contrails in the sky, all going in the same direction where we had seen the craft. My friend counted ten of them in all. We didn't see them untill after the UFO had disappeared. It was amazing!;39.5370000000001;-83.4550000000006
