Bright white circle above our atmosphere shooting across sky at impossible speeds;1990-06-01 13:00:00;1 minute;Bright white circle above our atmosphere shooting across sky at impossible speeds Pulled over after seeing a bright white circle which looked to be above the clear blue sky. It shot across the sky, so I pulled over to observe, and watched it impossibly shoot from one side of the sky to the other during in which it zigged and zagged for what seemed to be no reason. After about 30 seconds of that it completely disappeared. Please don't contact me, I just thought after this amount of years that this should be known to whoever is keeping track of this type of sighting.;42.841;-83.4235
Ortonville/ Oakland County lights.  ((anonymous report))((NUFORC Note:  We would like to communicate with witness.  PD));2018-08-02 22:15:00;12 hours;Ortonville/ Oakland County lights What I have witnessed happens almost every night, so I cannot report a specific sighting. Noticed orange, blue, green, white orbs in wooded area behind home, approximately 114 acres undeveloped land, so no chance of another house near by.  Observed them through binoculars and rifle scope and they are balls of light from golfball to basketball size.  Even ventured into woods on few occasions and light source/orb will turn off or go out once I am within 50 - 75'.  Every time.  Sometimes they appear to move away or shrink before going out.  They range from touching ground to 10 +- feet in air.   Sightings have been fewer over last couple month and locations change without rhyme or reason.  Few appear same location every night and some nights there are many more than usual.  Attempt to make contact with, first, flashlight, high powered LED and recently upgraded to laser light.  The laser warrants a response by objects, gets brighter, appears to move closer and or away, reflecting/refracting laser light scattering it in all directions.   Anyone else witness this in south east MI, Oakland County?? ((NUFORC Note:  For some reason, witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.841;-83.4235
