UFO, Almont Michigan, Tree Top Lelel, Humming Sound;1990-10-20 18:30:00;30 minutes;UFO, Almont Michigan, Tree Top Lelel, Humming Sound It was the fall of 1990 I was in my home in Almont, MI. That time of year it gets dark quite early, it must of been around 8:00 p.m., the times are now just an approximation. My son, who at the time was around 12 came running in the house saying there was a UFO right outside our house. Let me add at this point I was not one that believed in UFOs. I went outside and my son pointed south and upwards and said look! The funny thing was at first I didn't see anything, but I did notice it was unusually dark, then I noticed a very dim light, I suddenly realized that the reason it was so dark was that there was a huge craft right over our driveway. It blocked all the starlight! It was at tree top level and was moving north at a very slow pace, approximately a slow walking speed. There was a very distinct humming, exactly like a large transformers hums, there was a very dull light in the middle and as it traveled down or driveway I made out a row of windows around the craft, the windows looked very large. I remember walking down the driveway with my son, and then the next thing I remember is standing out in the field north of my house still looking at the UFO, when suddenly it went from approximately 90 or 100 ft straight up in the sky to where it was a pinpoint of light. It just looked like another star. This happened in under a second. We continued to watch it for quite awhile when it took off in a northwesterly direction like a meteor and was gone in a second. There are allot of things I can describe if your interested, but this is the basic part.  I don't feel like I was abducted, but I honestly do not remember how I got from my driveway and then in the field. I ask my son about it and he remembers things the way I do, but what I find unusual is that 1. I didn't really focus on it that much after the initial day it happened until a few years ago. 2. My son doesn't seem as interested as I am, even though he is a very intelligent guy. I have a lot of knowledge regarding aircraft. This will always go down as the most bizarre day in my life. By the way, it seemed like I was being watched by someone in the window, but it was like you could only make out a shadow. I am now fascinated by UFO's and I know that there out there. Almont is about 20 SE of Brown City. I have never seen another unusual craft. This was defiantly a UFO, there is no other explanation for it, I am the type of guy that checks his facts, there is nothing on our planet that I am aware of that could do what I saw! The pilots would be dead just from the G forces.  It surprises me that there have been so many incidences in that area and I never heard about it. From my house to the field was approximately 1000 feet, “you would think that with what was going on, I would remember that sort of distance. I am not really concerned weather anyone believes me or not, unless it is someone who’s job it is to investigate this sort of thing. They really need to have an open mind and check the facts. The last few years I have gotten increasingly interested in this subject and there have only been a few incidences that I have read about where people have been as close as I was. I guess I am just intrigued. It really fascinates me! The missing time, and it does bother me, when I put into perspective. I can remember everything about the sighting in detail except from the time the craft went from the barn behind my house until I remember standing in the field watching it go from an altitude of 90' to just another star in the sky in the blink of an eye. This is the most significant event in my life and I can't remember just that particular part. I did have dreams afterward about all the neighbors being around looking and me yelling for them all to watch, but its a dream. I have brought it up several times to my son who is really a level headed intelligent guy and he remembers the same way I do, but he for some reason never brings it up himself. I really have to catch myself sometime to really put in perspective the significance about what happened that night. It just amazes the hell out of me. I really do think that somehow my mind was altered to either forget about it, or just not think it was that big a deal. Think about that, how could a person with the knowledge I have about aircraft not act in some way . This was the size of a football field! What it did breaks all laws of physics and for several years I really didn‘t give it that much thought. It is not like me. I had transformers on appliances that started to burn out. I called Detroit Edison and they had to replace all the electric lines and main transformer on the line that followed the driveway right below where the UFO was following. This was within a month of the sighting. I remember the Detroit Edison crews telling me that all the insulation on the wires were gone. I thought that was a bit strange, but since then I have read quite a few articles about sightings near power lines with the same or similar results. I was so close, 90 ft. The funny thing about it was I didn't feel threatened, In a weird way I felt like it was something from our future, as bizarre as that sounds. I feel that we need to have confidence in our instincts I felt like I was on display and was being watched. One thing I didn't mention and to this day I am not sure why I didn't act, is that I am a professional photographer. What a dummy! the shot of a life time and I didn't even think about it. This is another thing I cant explain, I take my cameras everywhere with me. The first ten years, I would occasionally ask my son if he remembered everything about that night and he would say yes, but not really want to talk about it. It seemed like more of a dream. WHY? Neither my son nor I am the type of person not to act on something so significant, an event of a life time .Another factor about that night was the route the craft was traveling, right down my driveway. My power lines go right down the drive and sometime that winter I had to call Edison out, they told me that the wires were completely bare no insulation at all, and had to replace them, including the transformer. I am not sure if it relates, but I have read stories about these craft using power lines. It's funny, you hear people talk about UFOs and some people will tell you that they have seen one, but you never really stop and give it deep thought because it's a bit hard to fathom the reality about them. I am now a person that can speak the truth about these craft, guess what, you better start polishing your tin foil hat because they are here. Think about all the incidents over the years, especially with all of the NASA sightings, even hovering over the White House. They always have an excuse, a flair, blimp, and the best and most used, a weather balloon. I am sure that a good percentage of reports are something explainable, but I am here to tell you, some aren’t. Sometimes I will think about it and realize that my son and I saw something that would be no less significant than telling your friends you met Jesus Christ. Well, you know what your friends would think. That’s why there are so many people that don't believe, it’s really too big to grasp. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));42.9263;-83.0407
