A basketball-sized bright light struck my car as we drove;2003-07-17 21:00:00;1 minute;A basketball-sized bright light struck my car as we drove It was a clear summer evening when my husband and I drove to his parents house to check on it since they were out of town. The house is located on a semi-country Road in Ohio. The street is lined with trees that canopy over the road - it is very hilly and heavily wooded. The east side of the street is owned by a private park, which is relevant later in the story.  We checked on the house, everything seemed to be fine and we proceeded to drive down the street towards our home. As we came to the top of a steep hill, a bright white ball of light, about the size of a basketball, was headed straight for our car. Before I could even think, the light hit the car and everything flashed white for what seemed like an eternity.  It was the strangest feeling. Everything was blindingly white, I couldn’t see anything at all. And there was a deafening silence. Then suddenly we were back at the top of the hill but everything went back to normal. The first thought I had was that we lost time. I looked at the clock but it seemed to show the right time. I asked my husband if he was OK and he said yes. We were dumbfounded by this....I also wondered how our eyes weren’t affected. Usually after seeing such a bright light, your eyes would see spots or at least take a second to adjust. But this didn’t happen, we were back and our eyes didn’t seem to be affected.  I fully expected to arrive home and find a burn mark or something on the car, thinking it was some sort of lightning - Although there were no storms or clouds in the sky. Maybe it was heat lightning? But it was clearly a very defined ball of light, not just a flash. To my surprise, the car didn’t show any signs of damage at all.  I don’t have an explanation for what happened that night, only logical conclusion was that it was ball lightning. However, there are a few other events involving white light in that area that would refute the ball lightening theory.  First, my sister in law, lived in a rental property within the privately owned park to the east of my mother-in-law’s street. We were driving past that park when the ball of light hit our car. She lived there with her husband, deep in the wooded area. The house was so deep in the woods that they had to park their car and walk along a wooded trail and over a stream to access the house. One morning, she mentioned to her husband that she had the strangest dream. She dreamt that she woke up and every single window in the house had the brightest white light shining into it. It was a blinding light. Her husband’s face turned pale and he said to her, in utter shock, that he had the same exact dream. Ever since then they are convinced that it was extraterrestrial activity.  In addition to that event, it has been brought to my attention that the owners of the park have also noticed activity in the woods. There have been bright white balls of light moving around in the woods on several occasions. They don’t have an explanation.  Lastly, I run a cleaning company and recently acquired a customer who lives in close vicinity to the park. I explained some of the events and asked her if she’s ever seen anything. Her house sits high at the top of a hill with woods surrounding it. Although she has never seen the things I mentioned to her, she did comment that an unusual thing did happen at one point, and it has stuck with her ever since. One night, as she lay in bed, a very bright light flashed in front of her eyes, so bright she could see it even with her eyes closed. She always wondered about it because the bedroom is on the second floor and the house is so high over the road that car headlights couldn’t shine in.;41.4763;-81.3342
