cars lined up for days along silver spring road  articles were written in the newspaper (strange lights) i saw the ufo 50 ft away.;1973-06-15 00:00:00;??? (frozen);cars lined up for days along silver spring road  articles were written in the newspaper (strange lights) i saw the ufo 50 ft away. i was a child (approx. 5-7 yrs old) when this event took place in mechanicsburg pa (1973-1975 approx)  the visions of the flying saucer i saw still are in my mind to this day.  i often asked my mother and she always turned her head and said i was nuts & had one hell of an imagination  (she finally admitted to me that my visions were true 25+ years later)  why cant i find any info on the internet about the ufos that were spotted in mechancisburg pa? my mother says there were articles in the newspapers & news and cars lined up for days along silver spring road to try to spot ufos.  the sightings were blamed on our government since the navy depot was only 1/4 mile away from my home.  what i saw was real (saucer was hovering several feet above the ground, spinning in circles, multiple bright lights, and i can not even begin to explain the noise it was making)  i froze in time - this saucer was only about 50 feet away from me.  it was in an area directly behind my house that was a portable toilet business.  i was playing ball with myself when my ball rolled down a hill & into the lot area of the business - i went to retrieve my ball & this is when i saw the ufo.  i will not give any more info other than the above.  (i want to see if the remaining details of my sighting matches anyone elses) did anyone else witness this ufo in mechanicsburg pa or know of anyone who claims they did?  does the national ufo reporting center know of any info in regards to the above events that took place in silver spring township approx 25-30 yrs ago?  (it went on for days - my mother says many people claimed to see unexplained lights in mechanicsburg, but i want to know if anyone else had as close of an encounter as i did) i have a hard time believing my memory of this event myself, but i can not deny that it was real. (this phenomenal sighting will live with me forever). ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  We have invited the witness to locate other witnesses, or to obtain the news articles, in the event that articles were published about the alleged incident.  PD));40.1978689655173;-77.0159965517241
Saucer, flat shaped object with numerous blinking lights (red-ivory-green) around perimeter.  Plate like;2007-09-04 22:30:00;60 minutes;Saucer, flat shaped object with numerous blinking lights (red-ivory-green) around perimeter.  Plate like Laying in bed, saw bright star like object outside window.  Could see with naked eye that it was changing colors from red to white.  While laying still, the light would move slightly to the right and back to original spot, then slightly up and then back down.  Could see it changing locations/moving based on blinds on the windows.  Ran for binoculars.  Through binoculars, the object was plate like with lights in a straight line going around the shape of the saucer.  Lights were blinking different colors at different times from red to ivory to occasionally green.  Then a bright white light would shine on occasion.  Definite flat shape with lights around the border of it.  Clearly three lights with approximately five or six most of the time.  Showed two more people, tried to get in the telescope but could not.  Quite clear in binoculars though.  Stayed in same position for about an hour then lights softened to all ivory and and seemed to fade away from us.  This was in the west - northwest direction from our home. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));40.1978689655173;-77.0159965517241
