Craft of undetermined shape with a single strobe light hovered in the area. One had a white strobe, which turned red, then white again.;1998-12-18 21:00:00;20 minutes;Craft of undetermined shape with a single strobe light hovered in the area. One had a white strobe, which turned red, then white again. Other remained red. Craft of undetermined shape with a single strobe light hovered in the area. One had a white strobe, which turned red, then white again. Other craft had red lights which did not change. The one with the white light moved horizontally and vertically in a fairly quick manner. The others did not move a great deal. Other aircraft, with normal lights on wings and underbelly could be seen in the sky. The white strobe was brilliant definitely not an aircraft I am familiar with. I used binoculars to get a better look. The craft seemed to be a dull white color, similar in shape to a flying wing (large and rounded in the front and narrowing to a thin edge towards the back). It was north of town, then moved to the southeast, near the area of the Capital City Airport in New Cumberland.;40.1978689655173;-77.0159965517241
Bright flashing object moves silently above Mechanicsburg, PA, with erraitc cursive-like motions.;2009-01-03 20:30:00;5 - 10 minutes;Bright flashing object moves silently above Mechanicsburg, PA, with erraitc cursive-like motions. To whom this may concern: On Saturday, January 3rd, 2009, I believe that perhaps I may have seen an unidentified object moving in the sky last night around 20:30 or 8:30 pm EST in the skies of Mechanicsburg, PA.   I was outside in my backyard on my deck for about 10 minutes. During that time I noticed how beautiful the sky looked and began to gaze up at it while I finished my cigarette. I noticed planes in the sky and I am fairly familiar with the different lights used on commercial and private aircraft, and what I saw in the air was strangely disturbing. While star gazing I remember looking away from the stars, and when I looked back the first thing that caught my eye was a fast and bright strobe-like light moving in the general direction towards Carlisle, PA.  Once I saw this strange light I was intrigued and the first thing I thought was that it was just a plane with a spectacular lighting pattern and colors of dark yellow, red, and white – no greens and blues normally associated with standard civilian aircraft. What made me change my mind and become a little nervous was the movement it began to make as it traveled across the sky. At first it seemed to maintain a steady flight pattern, but soon the object (at this point I had a feeling it wasn’t any plane that I was familiar with) began to make a very random, quick yet smooth motions that omitted absolutely no sound. It almost looked as if it were making cursive motions that one could associate with the writing style. However, even with the awkward motions the object continued to move in the general direction of NE-SW, until I looked away again. When I looked back to same area it once was, the object had moved surprisingly to a position higher in sky (not altitude but degree – altitude seemed to be constant) and was now heading more for a NW route. That’s when denial struck, and as I was the only outside (my friend was playing guitar in the basement) I didn’t really want to be out there by myself it was a little eerie, and the object i! n the sk y wasn’t necessarily the  most comfortable thing to floating around above me at the time so I went inside. That was the end of my very first sighting, and hopefully my last.;40.1978689655173;-77.0159965517241
Red lights try to hide.;2014-05-17 20:56:00;15 minutes;Red lights try to hide. My wife and I were traveling on Diehl Rd at Williams Grove Rd.  At a stop sign we noticed a bright Red flickering object in the sky both she and I noticed that it was moving steadily to the NE.  I recall that neither of us was able to find the normal green and red alternating blinking of an airplane wing, only the orange-ish red that flickered like a flame.   Jokingly we expressed that it must be a UFO and drove to the Gate of Heaven Cemetery on York St, to get a better view.  When we arrived the object was completely gone, despite a totally wide open nearly cloudless sky, we were not able to track the object or see it in the distance.   At that time I looked back, I saw what I believed to be two helicopters with red lights shining flying in the area from which we had just come.  My wife and I immediately thought that they may be pursuing the object, and I thought I heard a faint sound of an engine, which my wife pointed out, was in fact an airplane flying di! rectly above us, compounded by highway noise.   At that moment, I realized that the objects, though they were rising in the sky, didn't seem to be getting any closer.  It was then that my wife and I realized that they were 2 of the same objects we had chased, and we started taking photos and video.   The two objects were lit like fire, and flying in formation directly up.  At one point the first object turned off its light, and I thought it had disappeared.  The second object remained lit for a short time, but then also turned its light off.   I was able to see the first object, totally blacked out traveling towards the left of us, it seemed very fluid and steady paced, but I noticed that it seemed to be almost an oval that was rotating very slowly.  As I filmed it, it seemed to descend slowly into the field opposite of us about a mile away.   We immediately jumped in our car and drove to where we believed it to be, but it was not visible, since it had gotten dark, and the second object was also no longer visible.;40.1978689655173;-77.0159965517241
Unknown drone like reflective objects.  ((anonymous report));2018-07-08 18:50:00;5 minutes;Unknown drone like reflective objects Sunday evening just before 7:00 pm while at a relatives home I was looking west with the Sun down behind the homes in that direction I noticed 2 white reflective objects.  They seemed quite high and no contrails but I did not think they were airplanes but seemed like maybe balloons?  These were only visible for a few seconds but while they were they were positioned about adjacent or some what near each other. After this I continued looking in the area and another appeared but farther to the left and then another appeared farther to the right.  They were only visible again for just a few seconds.  Several minutes later 1 more appeared farther to right from the first time.  These objects did not seem to be moving in any direction or with motion but not exactly hovering either.  The ever slight movement seemed to be towards the west or left of the sunset position.;40.1978689655173;-77.0159965517241
