black submarine shapes oject at ligh speed and orange blasts;1988-06-01 19:00:00;10 minutes;black submarine shapes oject at ligh speed and orange blasts An object black with lights underneath fore and aft. Impossible for me to determine its size since it blocked out any reference points I could have used. If forced to guess, i would say it was at least 60 feet long by 20 feet or so high shaped like a submarine. This means there was a distinct center high point but then again the black of the object left me with that impression. The object just appeared with no sound of any kind and or movement of leaves tree branches etc. The event takes palce on or about early June 1988. My grilfriend at the time and I were just returning from a restaurant at between 7: and 8. We were on the back prch of the house about to enter when we heard the rough missing sound of an air plane engine. As if the plane had no noise abatement of any kind and flying as the sound provoked low to the ground. We stepped back from the roof line to see what it may be, discovering it was an old rotary engine plane flying approx 200 feet. The palne was very close to us approx half a block to our true north as we were facing true east. The plane was flying directly west into the sunset. Our eyes followed the plane thinking the noise may represent engine trouble. As the plane passed us heading west and we are now looking more at the rear of the plane we noticed we couldn't see or next door neighbors house to the south. We couldn't see the street lights to ur south or the hospital to the south. In our way was a large long and high black something blocking out that area. We kept our eyes on the object leaving the back porch to approach it from our back yard. As we aproached my girlfriend and I didn't speak not a word. We both waled toward the object geting within 15 feet. Once my eyes and mind hooked up -- I realized this was anything but normal and I became uneasy. I looked off to my right or west to see the old plane beginning to bank south accross the then sunset. I looked back at te object noticing there was a lght fore, aft and mid not blinding by any means but present. I don't know if it was steady or blinking too difficult to know under the stress and confusion. Now here is the good part that can not be comprehended, I don't care who you are.  The object moved directly west at a speed undefined, faster than the fasted movement I can imagine. so fast It is undescribable. All I could see was a trail the lghts made going for miles to the west in an instant. Just as suddenly, i could see the street lghts, hospital, neighbors house ... The other most amazing aspect of the event is there was no sound or air movement. How could a large object move an incredible speed without creating a vacuum or noise only 15 feet away from me? As best I could see and it was only the trailing lights as if a picture was taken with time photography leaving the lens open. The object flew under the old plane as it continued to bank to the south and east. Immediatly after my senses returned I asked my girlfriend what was that all about and she remained stunned ans silent. After we both came to or thought we had our facilties back we went into the house to write down what we thought happened without sharing a single word other than lets write down what we saw and compare notes. We both saw the same thing and the essence of our vision is the speed at which the object moved. the blackness of theobject so we couldn't truly see its shape or size and we felt we were being looked at closely. Now the end of the story: We thought about calling our local airport sure the old plane was returning to it flying by site with what light was left. We talked ourselves out of it not wanting to draw any attention to us. The following day was a Saturday. We were washing our cars in the back yard listening to a local station on the radio. There was a break in by the announcer saying a sheriff or policeman was chasing a ufo near blue earth minnesota. the anouncer had the sheriff or policeman on line saying he would spped towrds the object getting within a block or two when the object would speed off at 90 degress at phonominal speed for a few miles and stop again. After about ten minutes the activity of the law man stopped and the station went back to normal broadcasting and not another word was said of the incident.  You coulod verify the incident by calling Blue earth police it was very near to that farming comunity. Finally-- one night in the early fall and it was pitch dark out. A group of us were returning from a another night at a restaurant -- no drinking-- at or about 800 when we noticed a huge explosion like lobe orange in color from the ground to about 100 feet by 100 feet and a true half circle. We had met at the restaurant so we were in idividual cars all returning home as neighbors. The area is in the country between two small towns some 15 miles apart. One is Cleveland MN and the direction of the orange lobes was toward Madison Lake MN. Every 3 to 4 minutes there would be another huge orange lobe coming from the ground and moving awa from us. We tried to follow the orage lobes like bomb blasts for the next 15 miles but couldn't keep up. As we traveled the 15 miles we could see the orange blasts from the road going into the horizon. I believe i was travelling south but not sure. It was single orange blast with no sound nothin like lightning more like a half sphere shape associtaed with a bomb blast. all of the neighbors saw it and wondered again what in the hades did we just see.;44.1659157434407;-94.0140524781327
Ball lightning phenom;1995-06-29 22:45:00;2-3 min;Ball lightning phenom On my girlfriends birthday so I'm sure of the date. I originally thought that the object was a crashing aircraft that may hit me judging from it's descent path so I slammed on my brakes and killed my engine. (Foolish, I know) Object displayed no engine sound but did may have made a slight electrical crackling sound. It descended over a small lake in front of me, I was driving a suzuki samuri(Jeep) so I was able to observe it without glass in my line of sight. Object displayed lighting effects on surrounding trees similar to lightning but in a steady stream. Object continued to approach in my general direction untill it was about midway over the lake and in my estimate about 55 feet over the water. I held my arm strait out with fist to estimate size and at its closest(largest)it was covered by 1/2 with my closed hand. Object definately made a wooshing sound (similar to a flag in high wind) apon leaving and exited at a tremendous speed. I do not believe object was a craft but may have been an example of Ball Lightning Though I have read everything I could about the subject science does not seam to understand it. I believe that it was repelled by its proximity to the water, And I would like to know if this has been reported before. Object approached at an aproximate 40 degree angle and left at an aproximate 45. I can not be certain whether object retreated from me or dissipated so quickly that it appeared to retreat. Object was white in color similar to a strobe light or lightning flash with some orange.;44.1659157434407;-94.0140524781327
Four dim lights in a row, flew over my head. One object or four seperate objects;2000-12-10 03:30:00;45sec;Four dim lights in a row, flew over my head. One object or four seperate objects I was walking home from work (Bartender) I was not drinking. I happened to look up to my right when I saw a row of dim lights, what seem to be close, right above me (about 200yards ) It could have been one thing or four seperate things. They made no noise- hum or buzzing- nothing. It moved a little faster than I was walking. The four lights did not blink or flash, they were very dim. If I was not looking right at them I would not have seen them.In about 15 seconds it was ahead of me. I started to run in the direction it was moving. I'm not sure but it might have increased it's speed than disapeared over the sight line. I tried to tell myself that it was the belly of birds reflecting light from a near by Hospital's parking lot lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));44.1659157434407;-94.0140524781327
