Witnessed cigar shaped objects with tails streaming behind them. Some were going up, others going down, some criss-crossed each other, ;1999-03-04 18:00:00;10 minutes;Witnessed cigar shaped objects with tails streaming behind them.  Some were going up, others going down, some criss-crossed each other, others were simply horizontal. In front of the streams were golden, very bright, metallic cigar shaped objects. It was about 6 pm and my mother and I were driving on Route 422 in Niles, OH, to go to the Eastwood Mall.  I looked up and noticed these streams in the sky.  They resembled the streams that jets produce in the sky as they fly.   That's what I thought it was at first.  However, there were so many of them...about 8-10, and planes would not fly that close together.  Some of the streams were going up..some down...others were cris-crossing...some were horizontal.  I also thought that maybe they were meteors, because they had tails that looked like comets.   When we got to the parking lot, we got out and were able to stand in the parking lot and get a good look.  That's when I noticed that in front of the streams were cigar shaped, golden metallic objects.  They were so bright.  There were no wings, so these were NOT airplanes.  They were all in the same area of the sky, except for one of them.  I noticed that one when I turned around to go into the store.  It was behind us, quite a distance from the other objects.  This was the lowest one in the sky, and I was able to see the cigar shaped object much more clearly on this one.  There were other people driving through the parking lot who were also staring over in that direction and pointing, so we were not the only ones that noticed these objects.   Now, I have a law degree, so I like to consider myself to be a very rational person.  But I've never seen anything like this before in my life. I think I should point out to you that I live in Trumbull County, OH...the same place where police officers chased objects in the sky a few years back.  This story was chronicled on the NBC special Confirmation a couple of weeks ago.   We do live near the Vienna Air Base, so that may be relevant.  Also, back in November, my mother and I also saw some strange lights in the sky, and my uncle, who was about 10 miles away at the same time, reported seeing objects on the same night as well.  There were three of them.  They didn't move at all.  They were lights, but you could tell they weren't stars.  They were too big.  They never moved.  While looking at them, all of a sudden, they just disappeared out of the sky.  Thank you.;41.1828999999999;-80.7591000000002
Object moved horizontally across the sky, seemed to change shape and then disappeared;2005-03-05 14:30:00;approximately 10 seconds;Object moved horizontally across the sky, seemed to change shape and then disappeared I was traveling east on Rte 422 in Niles Ohio at approximately 2:30 pm. I stopped at a traffic light and was looking around while waiting for the light to change when I  saw a small cigar-shaped object traveling horizontally across the sky in front of me and towards the south. I nearly dismissed it as a plane until I realized there were no wings. It was very bright silver, vivid against the daylight sky and the sun seemed to be glinting off of a spot on the left (back) end.   I watched for several seconds while it continued traveling in a straight flight path.  Then, it shifted, looked like the right (front) end bent in toward the center, the glint of the sun changed position from the left end to about the center, the entire object rippled once and then disappeared completely from the sky.  At this particular intersection, there are buildings and billboards, but none of them were high enough to hide the object and the day was clear, the sky without clouds.;41.1828999999999;-80.7591000000002
