MUFON/OHIO FOLLOW-UP REPORT:  People followed and watched by objects in Niles, Ohio;2003-11-14 17:30:00;presently ocurring;People followed and watched by objects in Niles, Ohio I spoke with 38 year old Jamie M.(name withheld on file) from Niles, Ohio.  Niles is a subburb of Youngstown, Ohio. Jamie is a legal secretary by profession and single.  On Novemeber 14th, 2003 between 5:30-6:45 pm Jamie took one of her dogs for a walk.  This is rountine for her every day after work.  She has two dogs and walks one at a time.  She takes a path down from her home to Lincoln Elementary School.  There is a small wooded area in a field that is off to the side of the school.  Its about a 10 minute walk. On this day she happened to notice two lights in the sky above the trees.  She described the lights as grayish-blue in color.  One was round and one was more oblong in shape.  When asked if she thought these were just lights or if they could be solid objects, Jamie expressed she felt these were objects rather then lights.  She first thought they may be search lights or spot lights or even planes but then noticed they did not have a beam from which light could radiate nor were there any sounds of engines.  The shape of these objects could be seen though the thin clouds. At first Jamie stopped and watched as these objects would come close together and then move away from each other.  She felt as if they may of been playing tag. At one point she thought they were going to crash into each other.  I asked if there were military planes in the area on a regular basisthat  did maneuvers?  She said that,yes, there were but she knew what they looked like and could hear the sounds of the engines.  The color of the plane lights were also totally different from what she saw.  She said that she finally stopped watching the objects and began to walk her dog. She immediately noticed that the objects began to slowly follow along about 30 feet away and about 50 feet above the tree line and behind the clouds.  As she walked they kept pace.  She got to the end of her walk and came back with the objects still keeping up with her.  She did not mention how the objects turned to follow her back. When Jamie got to the house the objects seemed to park themselves above a weeping willow tree in the side of her yard.  This tree is about 40 feet from the house and about 60 feet tall. The objects hovered about 50 feet above the tree.  Jamie said she ran into the house and began crying.  When she explained to her family what had just taken place, all 5 members of her family went out and looked up at the objects still hovering above the willow.  Jamie explained these objects were there before she went out and was gone by 8 pm so she speculates they had to to be there for at least two and half hours. Jamie went on to state that she and her parents decided to walk the second dog to see what would happen.  As soon as they stepped out the objects took up postion above the tree line once more and began to follow along.  The pattern was repeated. Note: There was no adverse reaction from the dogs. Once back to the house the lights again took up sentry watch over the willow tree.  By now the parents were also frightened and they called the Niles City Police to report what was going on.  The dispatcher said they would send an officer out to investigate but no one ever showed up. Jamie said her father did ask if spot lights were being used in the area where they lived and the repsonse was not to our knowledge. Family members would ocasionally check to see if lights were still over the willow.  At this point Jamie says she went to the National UFO Reporting Center website and began to send in the report while the objects still hovered over the tree.  No one saw the objects leave the area. Five days later on Novemever 19th around 7:30 pm, Jamie was getting ready to walk her dogs.  When she went outside the one round grayish-blue object was back.  Jamie and her mother walked the dog.  They took the same path but this time went to the left side of the school and back around to see if the object would follow.  The object kept pace even going around the building with them.  By now there was no tree line so the object stayed behind the clouds.  Jamie stated the object would jump from one cloud to the next without coming into open space in the sky as if it wanted to stay concealed. This time Jamie called the news room of the Tribune Chronicle in Warren, Ohio. The gentleman who answered asked about the object in ths sky and said he would check witht he weatherman to see if anything unusual was going on with the weather.  He did not call back.  Comments: Jamie sounded to be a credible witness and while speaking to me by phone she would ask her parents who were in the background several questions.  I could hear their respones to the questions.  We have multible witnesses to these sightings.  No one could supply an answer to what the objects/lights could have been.  The dispatcher stated no spot lights were being used at the time.  Military aircarft exercises could be ruled out for the fact that these objects stood staionary for long periods of time and seemed to leave their positions over the trees to follow witnesses. Even if it was search lights or spot lights, I do not believe they would have hovered for long periods of time. Additional notes: I called Jamie's residence again on December 20th to find out if the relative at the airport would speak to me. This time Jamie's mother answered the phone.  She said that her brother who works at the airport did not have addtional information pertinent to the case.  She also expressed how frighted her and the family were during the time the objects were present.  She stated that she and Jamie both felt that they were being watched by these objects.  She went on to say that Jamie stated to her that the hair on the back of her neck stood up as they walked the dogs as if someone was staring at them from behind. Jamie's mother also stated that Jamie had forgot to tell me that when Jamie went to the bathroom window to look out, one of the objects seemed to sense her presence and moved quickly to an evergreen tree about 20 feet from the bathroom window and hovered there about 50 feet above that tree. She says that Jamie got the distinct impression the light was trying to see into the room. I called the Niles City Police Dept. and asked about an incoming call made on the date in question.  I was told that no call was placed to the staion on that date about lights in the area.  I find it strange that the call was not on file.  The officer I spoke to was very dismissive of my call and acted like he did not have time to talk to me.  Filed 1/05/04 Donnie Blessing Southern Ohio Section Drector MUFON ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Mrs. Donnie Blessing, and Ohio/MUFON, for following up on this report.  Anyone with further information about this case can reach Mrs. Blessing at <Rdonolin@CS.com>.  PD));41.1828999999999;-80.7591000000002
Objects were soft blue in color, formation appeared as fuzzy clouds. They did not make any sound, hovered and frequently criss crossed;2003-11-14 17:30:00;presently ocurring;Objects were soft blue in color, formation appeared as fuzzy clouds. They did not make any sound, hovered and frequently criss crossed each other as well as taking seperate flight patterns of their own.  Both were first seen in a field hovering together until I began walking my dog in the field then they began to follow me all around the trail and continued to follow me up my yard to my house.  They hovered over my house until I came out with my other dog and my father and continued following us down the yard.  They appear to be looking or searching in a particular area, not straying far from the field.  Currently I am viewing airplanes going towards and near the area of this phenomenon, and the objects do not go away.  They are still hovering as I am typing this which has been now over an hour.  Background of observers:  We are a family of four adults and two school age children and we have all witnessed the above mentioned matter.  We have also notified the police but have not found out if they have gone out to investigate.  We have a relative that works at the Vienna Airport who has heard of sightings before, but we have yet to talk to him to see if anyone at the airport has reported the same sighting.;41.1828999999999;-80.7591000000002
