I had just gone to bed when I noticed bright lights coming towards my home. I immediately got up and went towards the window and saw t;1995-08-25 00:42:00;15 seconds;I had just gone to bed when I noticed bright lights coming towards my home.  I immediately got up and went towards the window and saw this large hamburg shaped object moving across the tree tops in the back yard about 50- 75 ft.high.  It turned everything blue including me and the bedroom.  I woke my husband but by that time it had passed (about 15 seconds). I was living in Niles, Ohio, at that time (August 25, 1995) 12:42 a.m.  I was in bed and noticed in the distance bright lights coming towards my home.  As it got closer it was a large  blue/green colored spaceship with four large lights or windows.  The blue rays came down through the trees and lit up the back yard and bedroom as well as myself.   I got away from the window because I was't sure if it was coming down.  I would say it might have been approximately 25 ft. in diameter.  It is hard to judge size when in the air.   It came from north and curved around to the east very quietly.  It only appeared for about 15 seconds and then went out of sight due to other trees and roofs of homes..  It was just above the treetops (50 - 75ft. high.)   It was shaped like a very large hamburg bun.  New metalic looking, with orange lines on the surface, rays of blue lights lights coming out of bottom and four large windows or lights on front. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and we found her to be seemingly quite credible.  We received many other dramatic reports about this incident, which was seen over Ontario, Canada, as well, where it generated several news reports.  One news camera crew caught the object on video, and it clearly was not a typical fireball or meteor.  In addition, the video, a copy of which NUFORC received from Amy Hebert, a UFO investigator from The Colony, TX, clearly shows a small, bright object rising from apparently ground level, passing behind clouds in the distance, and perhaps merging with the fireball as it passed overhead Canada.  The object was reported to have stopped and hovered over southern Pennsylvania.));41.1828999999999;-80.7591000000002
