Row boat/Bullet shape with 3 lights that never blinked.;2015-09-24 20:00:00;2-3 minutes;Row boat/Bullet shape with 3 lights that never blinked Just a couple minutes before 8pm on the evening of Sept 24/15 i went outside to my backyard with my dog to have a cigarette.  I walked up to the hill (4 steps off the deck) and i looked up to the sky (the sky was that blue night sky not dark black) i see this huge what appeared like a star but was massive and so close.  I knew 100% this isnt right and just then all these pink tesla ball tentacles started coming off of this  star  looking thing and within a second - it seemed as if this  star  turned inside out of itself and i could see orange and blue lights merged together and WHAM!  I see this dark shape with lights (not blinking) coming towards my house.  I never once took my eyes off of it and as it went over my house i could see the bottom and full shape of the object.  It was in the shape of a row boat /bullet. It 100% had no wings or tail.  The lower bottom had two lights that were peach orange and in the shape of those cement park barriers that lay on the ground in a parking space - they were vertigo - one on far left and other on far right.  Above these two lights was a large circular ball light of blue.  None of these lights blinked at all and stayed on.  The craft gave off a sound that i unfortunately can not describe because i have never heard a sound like that to compare.  I thought there was something wrong with it mechanically because of sound but perhaps that is the way it sounds normally..  i really don't know. It was the size of a large building and moved slow but steady over the house. When the object went over me i could feel a numb sorta tingly feeling within both arms, neck and my head.  What i found strange is that i knew it was a UFO but i just all calm like walked back into my house looking at my arms and thinking  they are real  I felt this sensation for 1hr and 9mins. Also, when i came in the house i looked at the time and no more then 2 mins had passed. I drew the craft and wrote some details within a minute of being in the house. I have been feeling since that night what must be post traumatic stress.;44.2590270270271;-76.9379486486486
