during the day, the amount of them and what the saucers were doing;1997-01-15 15:00:00;10-15 mins;during the day, the amount of them and what the saucers were doing My son and I (along with people in this shopping center that worked there)  witnessed  maybe about 15 - 20 saucers out here in So.Calif. in the City of Paramount 4 yrs. ago.  We came home and I called some TV stations and they wouldn't even think about listening to what we had to say about what we had encountered! I was in this stereo store while my son was outside talking to some of the people that worked there. (My son was about 19 or 20 yrs of age at this time.) He had called me out to look at what was in the sky to the East, sure enough they were flying saucers!  All of us were amazed!!. Other people from the shops there saw us outside looking up in the sky so they came out also and looked above and saw the samething. Wish I had a camera! These flying saucers where flying in and out of the clouds, staying for like a few seconds and fly out like they were taking turns. They must have been doing this for maybe a good 5 or 10 mins. They were silver and not quite cigar shape, but pretty close to it, but with a dome ontop. That day was a clear day, blue, but white clouds scattered. We don't get many clear days like that here, so it must have been either after it rained, (cause that's the way our days will look after it's rained) or a day after we've had our Santa Ana winds kick up. So, it sure wasn't smoggy that day.  Anyway, thought I'd share our experience. It'll be one that I can always share with someone and say I witnessed an opportunity that many will not have. ((name and e-address deleted)) ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION)) Peter Davenport Hi there. Read your email and I didn't think I'd have the receipt for the car stereo, but I found it. It doesn't say what time of day of that sighting that we all saw, but it does give a date which was Jan. 15, 1997. The city I thought we were in was not Paramount, it was Pico Rivera which is next-door  to that city. I was having my stereo installed in my car that day, my son bought the stereo for me for Christmas. Also, it was before 5 PM cause I remember calling the TV stations after I got home and it was almost dark.   From Pico Rivera it takes me about 30 - 45 mins to come home depending on  traffic and there were no other stops I remember I made coming home and this was not in the morning and this happened before dark, but after 12 PM.   I did submit to your site on this experience prior to receiving your email and not looking for this receipt, however one correction: It was not in Paramount as I wrote on this form. I will write your tel# down if I ever happen to view a sighting again. Thank You for that!  Thanks for emailing me. ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have amended the date and place of the sighting, based on the follow-up communication.  PD));33.9892760479043;-118.089002994012
Large glowing orange object/ 4 blackhawk helicopters in the morning.;2013-07-20 23:40:00;2 minutes;Large glowing orange object/ 4 blackhawk helicopters in the morning. I had some company over and was finishing up some ribs on the barbecue late Saturday night in front of my apartments, when my neighbor (around 19 years old) starting yelling  out YOU DON'T SEE IT! YOU DON'T SEE IT! as he came running out from in between our apartments and into my view I noticed he was pointing up.  He then Exclaimed  LOOK UP! OH MY GOD YOUR MISSING IT! as I looked up I seen a very bright glowing orange oval object about a little bigger than a 747, hovering.    Now please understand we see passenger planes on approach to LAX all day and all night long over our neighborhood, as many as 5 to 7 at time lined up at different altitudes. The object was at about 1000 to 1500 feet.   As I looked behind myself into my home to call out another person to come see it and then looked back up it elevated so rapidly, it must of accelerated in altitude from about 1500 feet to about 40,000 feet in about 1 to 2 seconds it was so high up and ! so small.  It looked to be out of the earths atmosphere within seconds and was traveling in an northeast direction till the tiny spec was unable to view. The L.A. county sheriffs helicopter is on a constant patrol in our area I even wake to the sound of it sometimes in the morning.  I also see from time to time Blackhawk helicopters in formation using the 5 freeway as a navigational tool, but the morning after the sighting I was downstairs preparing for breakfast when four Blackhawk helicopters flew directly over our block at a very very low and loud altitude and kind of circled the area, they appeared to be making a quick survey or search of the area and then quickly left. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));33.9892760479043;-118.089002994012
