Two perfectly round, silver spheres fly over NYC and Hudson County in a westerly direction...;1988-08-01 13:30:00;30 seconds;Two perfectly round, silver spheres fly over NYC and Hudson County in a westerly direction... I was sitting in a restaurant having lunch in front of a high, plate glass window facing east, with an unimpeded view of the sky over NYC. It was a very clear, hot day with no humidity or haze and only a few small, scattered clouds were visible. In the distance, I saw a helicopter and a small plane cross my field of vision (one heading north and one heading south) then I noticed two more objects in the same vacinity  that seemed too close to the others. As they continued heading in a westerly direction, I thought it was very odd that they were flying so close together, so I locked my gaze onto them. As they approached (flying directly toward me), I could see that they were not conventional aircraft they were perfectly round, silver spheres and were highly reflective. From my perspective, they did not seem to be flying at a very high altitude, perhaps only a mile or so high and were moving relatively slow (no faster than a helicopter). As they passed directly overhead, my view of them was very clear. This is a heavily populated area there were hundreds of people on the street shopping that day and not one other person was looking up, so I was left to assume that these craft were silent. After they were no longer within my field of vision, I ran out the side door to see if I could still see them in the (western) sky, but my vision was impeded by too many buildings. From this location, Newark International Airport is 14 miles to the southwest, and Teterboro Airport is 7 miles to the northwest however, nothing was reported in the newpaper the following day.  One other note... About four months after this incident, I was watching a UFO documentary and in one of the segments, they showed these same two spheres moving exactly the way I described, very low in the sky (perhaps under radar?). This was the first time I had seen these spheres reported on a television show and thought it was extremely interesting since it was broadcast AFTER the sighting I had at least there was some video foo! tage clearly showing that they were NOT conventional aircraft.  I would love to know if anyone else saw these craft on that day... If you did, please submit a report! ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));40.7923999999999;-74.0096000000001
