Red orange round objects, appearing briefly and fading before appearing again in different locations.;2012-04-18 09:00:00;3 minutes;Red orange round objects, appearing briefly and fading before appearing again in different locations. On a clear night while walking the dogs, my husband was standing on the back porch facing south. He notices four red orange lights directly above the tree line. He calls for me to look and I saw three red orange lights in the sky. He tells me this is the second set of lights. They appear to fall or fade toward the ground. We believe at first they were flares.  As we discussed if this could be flares the lights reappear but only two this time and further west. They fade even quicker than the first sighting and these do not move just fade away. We waited another few minutes but did not see any more lights. We cannot explain what we saw and decided to search if anything was occurring in our area. We discovered similar descriptions on this sight in areas very close to our location. Strange and unexplained first time we have seen anything like this or visited the website!;30.4948;-88.3262
Bright red object over a pasture in South Alabama;2014-05-06 20:08:00;15-30 seconds;Bright red object over a pasture in South Alabama I am a 46 year old pharmacist I have never experienced anything unusual before in my life.  I heard about your website from Coast to Coast AM, in fact I’m a Coast Insider and a podcast of Coast was playing on my radio during this event! I had just finished my shift at 8:00 pm and was on my way home.   At approximately 8:08 pm I saw a bright red light to my left.  I was heading north on a two-lane road so the object was in the west in the fading light after sunset.  It appeared to be slightly larger than a full moon would appear.  It was low in the sky just above the outline of the horizon still visible in the west.   The object’s overall color was bright red.  (When I say red I mean fire engine red!)   However, there were three “hot spots” that were sort of pink, sort of purple in color.  These spots were not symmetrical on the object but were concentrated in the lower right quadrant of the object.  There appear to have been some lines or some structure radiating from the upper left down to the hot spots.  On a clock face, the lines appeared to come from about the 11:00 position down to the hot spots at the 3:30, 4:30, and 5:30 positions.  The object as well as the hot spots did not have clean edges the edge! s were jagged as a spot of bright light appears. I was travelling north about 50 mph, and as I was passing through a large pasture area I noticed it out my left hand window.  It takes about 30-40 seconds to traverse this pasture and I was surprised to suddenly notice the object about mid-way through.   I continued to drive while trying to observe the object.  It was in view for about 15-20 seconds before trees on the roadside blocked my view.  It did not seem to be moving relative to me, so this gave me the illusion that it was far away.   I expected to see it again at the next break in the trees, however I did not.  It was either very close to the road (i.e. about to land in the pasture!) or it disappeared.  There was other traffic on the road so I did not turn around and go back.  (I should have..);30.4948;-88.3262
