Made me a believer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!;2008-12-13 18:05:00;5 seconds;Made me a believer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was putting Christmas lights up when I looked up into the Northeast and seen an object with blue glow, by the time I had got it pointed out to my friend I had been looking at it for 3 seconds.   When he looked up it was already directly in the North and we both watched it go to the West for about another 2 seconds.  It looked like it had 4 afterburner looking tails that glowed blue aswell.   It was a very clear night and the stars were out.  It was quite a goosebump experience.  WOW!!!!!  As high up as it was it had to of been 1000's of miles it traveled in just 5 seconds.;39.8456;-96.6402
A friend and myself were outside on the porch hanging out enjoying the weather and chatting, I was looking out into the distance when I;2020-06-01 22:00:00;15 seconds;A friend and myself were outside on the porch hanging out enjoying the weather and chatting, I was looking out into the distance when I noticed something that had looked like a drone and i noticed it had no sound, and had an odd shape, I knew to tell my buddy as soon as I saw it I had yelled out to him, although he was standing right beside him, this aircraft was about 200ft away and although it was pretty dark I could see it very clearly and my eyes were not mistaken, I am so glad I saw it when I did and I’m also glad I got my buddy to see it so I knew I was not hallucinating or something, but it was a saucer shape and had 6 green lights on the bottom of the craft it was hovering, standing still and when I had pointed at it and yelled it slowly took off then it pretty much blasted off at light speed but was in place long enough so we could both get a good sight of it. I would like to mention I am not giving any false information and I want someone to believ! e me because obviously everyone I have told this too thinks I am losing my mind or thought I was intoxicated or something along those lines. I would love to share my share this with anyone who is interested and can show exactly what the craft looks like with a drawing and I can show exactly the place I saw this ‘thing’.;39.8456;-96.6402
