A blue/white flashing light traveled past our car from south to north in an incomprehensibly short interval of time.;2003-07-27 05:00:00;1-3 seconds;A blue/white flashing light traveled past our car from south to north in an incomprehensibly short interval of time. At about 5:00 AM on Sunday morning July 27 2003 my family and I were driving south on Hwy. 77 heading toward south texas. We had just passed the Nebraska/Kansas line and were a mile or two north of Marysville Kansas. (1/2 mile north of a railroad crossing). I was driving the car and everyone was awake. My wife was in the front passenger seat. My three kids were in the back seat. One of my kids said, What is that? I had seen the object but it had not registered in my mind as anything but an airport beacon. Every one in the car became aware of the object and saw it pass the car. The first thing we saw was a very bright blue/white flash south south east of the car (We were traveling south at about 65 miles per hour). In an incomprehensibly short amount of time (1-3 seconds, I would lean toward 1 second) it passed the car flashing 3-4 times. The object disapeared north north east of the car behind us. The first flash seemed to be the brightest and the last the dimmest. I had to snap my head over my left shoulder to see the 3rd of the 3 flashes that I saw. I thought it was an airport beacon but I realized that it passed way too fast for it to be a stationary object. We watched road reflectors pass the car and estimated that the object passed the car at least 5 times as fast as one of those and they are only on the edge of the road. This happened so fast that we could not tell how far away the object was. It was above the horizon but when we went back through the same area a week later we figured it must have been just above the tree line (perhaps 35-40 degrees above level ground). This still does not indicate the actual distance to the object. It has occured to me that the object could be one of those lights associated with earthquake activety but beyond that it was quite beyond my explaination. Fort Riley is just south of Marysville but a military aircraft would have had to be very close to pass us that fast and we did not hear anything. I am a teacher and I practice guarded skepticism abo! ut this matter. ((NUFORC Note:  It is interesting to compare this report with that from;39.8456;-96.6402
