Long black flying shape for 3 to 4 seconds!;2011-10-13 15:00:00;3-4 secs;Long black flying shape for 3 to 4 seconds! Yesterday looking through big picture window in living room at an overcast and partly rainy day with scattered showers saw something inexplicable.  I wasn't going to write this but thought maybe someone else saw whatever it was!    Slightly above a lower tree line and then merging behind higher trees for a few instants I saw a long undifferentiated black shape making no sound and bigger than any bird travel quickly on a linear horizontal path.  It was not a plane (no sound).  I had my windows open.  It was much bigger than a bird judging by distance and shape (no wings).  It happened so fast that I sat there for a few more moments and then went to window and tried to estimate size, shape, and nature of object.  Unlike any other sighting and first one seen here!  Did anyone else see it???;39.4522;-83.8410000000002
Linear Light Area in the Sky;2012-06-17 21:45:00;5 minutes;Linear Light Area in the Sky At first, I thought my eyes were playing a trick on me!  Then I looked at my dashboard to see if something on there could be causing a reflection on the windshield for what I was viewing. After determining neither one of those things was happening and observing the sky for several minutes I cannot explain what I saw.  I am only reporting this because of a report on Filer's Weekly e~mailer which shows a similar pic to what I saw received yesterday.  It was a definite light area in the sky that had clear linear boundaries.  It was a patch, very large of an inestimably large lighter area in, that was so large I couldn't believe what I was seeing.  Instead of stopping and watching it longer, I turned at the traffic light when it changed to green and didn't look back.  I couldn't accept what was happening and must have denied to myself that it was real and didn't look back or think about it anymore.  It was like my mind shut off!  Filer's Files shows a pic of wha! t I saw and it spread across a wide linear exact area of the sky, which was a lighter color.  it was ahead of a storm front which I had been observing for perhaps a half an hour as I was proceeding from New Vienna on Antioch Rd. off the Rte 28 turn off heading North West.  This was on Sunday nite last.  I was watching the sky for some time as the storm front was moving from East to West which I thought was highly unusual and I couldn't remember seeing that phenomenon before, since my memory was noting how unusual that was.  In front of the storm front as I got in front of it heading due North after entering U.S. 73 is when I observed this strange patch in the sky!  I couldn't even begin to estimate its size, but it was huge.  For some reason my human mind couldn't accept or deal with it and I must have gone into denial and decided subconsciously to ignore it!  As I write this I am realizing how much it must have disturbed me to review this experience.;39.4522;-83.8410000000002
The Visitors.;2012-11-30 18:00:00;various;I hesitated to write this for sometime, but in view of previous reports including George Adamski, and Billy Meier and others involving blond attractive and unusual looking females connected to their sightings I am writing this report.  No, I don't think I am losing it, but for the past years a number of women appear around me and have even spoken to me at various locations.  They are unusually strong in appearance with deep blue eyes and in some cases are driving black cars or SUV's.   These entitites appear to be plainly dressed, but have an air of confidence, what i would consider military bearing.  In several cases they park near of next to my car, go into the business I have either just left or am entering, and then exit, get back into their cars and hurriedly drive away without doing any shopping.   I am only writing this to see if anyone else is having this or similar experiences.  This started a few months after I moved into this area.  It wasn't happening anywhere else I ever lived.  Somewhat disconcerting and makes me wonder if THEY are checking out people who are sensitive to anomalous aerial phenomena.  I have been seeing strange craft since September 1988, which were recorded on this website!    Personally, I now believe they walk among us and are the The Visitors others have met and written about.  I also believe they are shape-shifters just as their craft are!   Why they are here, their intentions either for ill or good only time will prove! ((NUFORC Note:  We are unable to confirm the assertions made in the report, and we cannot be certain that it was submitted as a serious-minded report.  Date above is approximate.  PD));39.4522;-83.8410000000002
We seen one brite light blink and three in rotation behind it and then it was gone.;2015-02-27 00:00:00;30 seconds;we seen one brite light.  blink and three in rotation behind it and then it was gone;39.4522;-83.8410000000002
