Mother witnesses first UFO flying directly over house -- with NO SOUND;2006-07-30 20:55:00;10 minutes;Mother witnesses first UFO flying directly over house -- with NO SOUND During the night of July 30, 2006 -- about 8:55 PM CDT -- my mother went outside to sit on the backsteps and smoke a cigarette.  The night was very clear -- having very few light clouds in the sky.  I can't remember the moon, so it must not have been very visible at that time.  I was sitting in the house, watching a television program while perusing through old newspapers. Now, Mom is quite a skeptic in UFOs, so it was rather surprising for her to come inside and ask me if I could identify what planet was shining up in the northwest.  I wasn't up-to-date on what celestial events were happening that night, so I just went to look and see what she was questioning.  When I went onto the back porch, I could immmediately see a very bright white light in the northwest corner of the sky -- about 40-45 degree angle from the horizon.  Mom told me she had been watching this light for quite a few minutes before coming to get me, so her interest was sparked.  As I watched the light I noticed it was slowly moving toward us.  Mom was hesitant about my saying it was moving, since she had watched it for so long.  However she did notice the movement after a few seconds.  The light headed straight in our direction (southeast from it's original point) at a rather steady pace -- somewhat the same as a plane coming into landing.  (We live just a few miles from Baton Rouge Metropolitan Airport, so we do know what planes look like and recognize landing lights or directional/warning lights.)  There were no blinking lights alongside the one bright light, so we were baffled.  As the light came nearer to the house -- still traveling in a southeast direction -- we noticed the strangest thing of all -- there was no sound coming from the object.  NO SOUND!  And the object was coming just over the house. As it passed directly over our house, I noticed something rather startling -- two smaller lights suddenly appeared behind the bright light.  This aspect gave the shape of the object a triangular appearance.  I was stunned!  Mom was rather excited, since she had never witnessed anything like this before -- especially taken by the fact of no sound coming from the object.  The object passed over the edge of the house's roofing, so I ran through the house to the front door -- about five seconds timing.  When I got out the front door to look where the object was going, it had disappeared.  The view from the front road to the night sky is rather wide, so I was surprised not to be able to see the object anymore. A couple of days later, we were mentioning this to my younger sister, who had worked at the Port of Greater Baton Rouge at that time.  She was excited, because a co-worker (both security guards) had told her of a very strange light which had played around the port for a few minutes.  The original witness had thought it was a helicopter -- except for the fact there was no sound coming from the object. I had asked for my sister to have this witness write her story down, but the witness was too frightened to do so.  This is why I am reporting this sighting now -- on August 21, 2006.;30.472;-91.2541
