Large black, triangular shaped aircraft with many bright white lights hovering over rural area along Hwy 161.;2012-11-14 22:00:00;5-7 minutes;Large black, triangular shaped aircraft with many bright white lights hovering over rural area along Hwy 161. I opened the back door to smoke a cigarette before going to bed and noticed a large bright set of white lights with red and green lights hovering beyond a tree break about a half mile from the house. This sparked my attention because I saw the same bright lights around the same day of the week and time of night last week.  I watched it hover for a long time and thought it could have been a helicopter because of how it was hovering and how low it was.  I stepped outside to see if I could hear it because if it was a helicopter, you would have definitely been able to hear it because it was so close.  I can make the helicopter sound comparison because of an aerial search conducted recently for an escaped convict from a local prison in which helicopters were used to search in our area.  The aircraft didn’t sound anything like the helicopter I heard several weeks ago and as a matter of fact, didn’t have a sound at all until it was flying overhead. After several minutes, the aircraft began slowly moving closer and eventually flew directly over our house and was so low I could see it was a triangle shaped aircraft with lots of bright white lights and a green and red light.  If the aircraft had been a plane, you would have definitely been able to hear it as it was so low and so close but I couldn’t hear anything but what sounded like a plane that was flying at a high altitude, miles and miles above.  Once it flew over, I didn’t see anything else but will be looking from now on for sure. I am a middle class working mother of one who works in a physician’s office and is educated.  I don’t use drugs and was not under the influence of medication or alcohol at the time of the sighting.  I have seen this object twice now and can’t deny what I saw was not like any aircraft I have ever seen even at all the airshows I went to as a child.;34.5598;-91.9522
