Husband and I were driving home on US 60 when we notice lights hovering over towards the lake plesant mountains.;2007-07-30 16:43:00;5 seconds;This evening my husband and I were driving home on US 60 when we notice lights hovering over towards the lake plesant mountains (east of US60)   This sighting is similiar to another sighting of lights back on October 2006 ( see my report I provided to another website previously).  This time I was not alone as my husband also witness the lights.  The lights appear very large but when we happen to look at them, the lights began to turnoff almost immediately.   When the lights turned off we were unable to see anything in the night sky.  So we looked to the west of US 60 and we saw the same lights hovering over what appeared to be possibly 6 to 8 miles east of US60.  The lights again disappeared very quickly.  We don't know if this was the same object we had seen only a few seconds to the right of us ( west of US60) or if this was another one.  Anyway the lights disappeared and we could no longer see anything in the sky.  I told my husband that was similiar to what I had witness a few months ago and that i then saw jets flying after or searching for something only a couple of minuets later.   Sure enough when we got home to our drive way, here comes a couple of jets flying as if in pursuit.  The same as the last incident they don't seem to find what they are looking for.  My suspicion is that these two incidents i have witness is that the object is still in the sky, just hovering in the same spot without the lights on.  I don't know, but what ever it is the object by the distance of each light appears to be as large as a football field in length and that this is the second time I have witness these lights as I am also sure that there has to be more people who must have seen these same lights as we are not the only ones traveling on US 60 on these two nights that this object has appeared in the sky and they are very large.  As a matter of fact I think that a couple days after the october sighting the local news had reported other people sighting lights in Scottsdale, AZ.   It would be interesting to see if reports are made to local news after this report is filed from me. Makes me wonder if this is an actual UFO sighting or military excercises of sorts, since the sightings are not far from Luke Air force Base and an Auxilary base approximatley 7 miles from my house.  The only ? I have is that the jets do not appear to be coming to going to any of these bases, rather appear to be coming from California or Nevada is my guess from the direction i saw them chasing the or pursing the object. Reported by rc from ((numbers deleted))  phnx.qwest.net ((numbers deleted)) on Monday, October 09, 2006 at 3:27AM :  On 10-4-06 driving home from work on US 60 towards Wickenburg around 7:30pm a light got my attention to towards the lake pleasant mountains. At first glimpse I thought it was a fire, but then realized that it was object with it red lights were hovering over the chrysler proving grounds as if in a still position. I could only see a C shape from the angle I was looking at it. It had red lights around the bottom and all i can say is that from seeing the lights and the C shape, my guess is that what I was seeing was round and very large. I was about 10 miles away. The lights turned off one by one very fast and then the i could see no object or anything as it had disappeared?? I could not longer see anything there. As I turned off to go home and got off the car i noticed 2 airforce jets flying over which is not unusual as we live not far from LAFB and LAF auxillary. What caught my attention is that the plans where were turned out to be at least five to seven of them were not flying in any formation as they normally do and were flying extremly faster than what we normally see them out here. They scattered going east as if they were in pursuit. I then suspected that what I had seen is what they might be after, but they were heading the wrong direction. Within a few minuets they turned back around and continued flying around for several hours as if searching for something???? I went to bed, but my daughter stayed up watching and said they searched til 3:00 am. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));33.7637;-112.6142
