If anyone is really listening, or cares, we are NOT ALONE!;1998-12-15 23:00:00;20;If anyone is really listening, or cares, we are NOT ALONE! While driving home one evening from Church, my three sons and I encountered a UFO. The back window of our car had busted out previously, and it was snowing outside, and we all had our coats on with hoods up because it was so cold. I was talking to my older son, and suddenly my middle son yelled out Mama! and interrupted me. I looked in the rearview mirror to see what he wanted that was so important as to interrupt me, and all of my children were looking up through the empty back window, with shock on their faces. I looked up through the front window, and as close to us, as if it were only three stories above, sat a Hugh dark, saucer shaped, solid object. It had no sound what so ever, and hovered or sat in the sky right above us. I stopped the car, and we all got out. This saucer like object had beautiful flowing lights all around the mid section of it, and was as big as a base ball diamond. We were on Beltline Rd, near the Naval Air Station. We stood there for a few moment! s, and suddenly the craft shot off in the direction of Arlington from us to the right. It went so fast, and made no sound, that I have never seen even a jet move so fast. I called the police station when we got home to report it, and the officer said they had no reports of any sightings, and that I could call the Naval Air Station and inquire. I called the Navy Base, and the person on the phone assured me that they had no reports of any thing like we had witnessed. It has been many years sense that day, but none of us have ever forgotten it, and it burns in my memory as if it were today. I was NOT a believer in such things before this day, but am now! I saw what I saw, and no one can ever take that from me. We didn't talk about it to too many people because back then, no one would have listened, even the police officer laughed at me. I have been in the US Navy myself and know the Need to Know is keep from the public from our government. If anyone is really listening, or cares, we are NOT ALONE! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is estimated by us.  It is unknown.  PD));32.7067852122988;-97.0112583455335
