Light - 45 minutes - bright light (star shape) in SE Sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Given the duration of the sighting, we suspect a star.  PD));2010-08-23 06:00:00;1 hour;08/23/10 - Senoia, GA - Light - 45 minutes - bright light (star shape) in Southeastern Sky viewed from Senoia, GA - 08/23/10 at 6:00 Light in the Southeastern sky from Senoia, Georgia.  Light appears to look like a star.  However, it moves back and forth, up and down.  Stars normally appear to stand still, but this object moves.  Airplanes normally continue in a pattern, but this object moves up and down, then goes back and forth.  It is a cloudy morning and this is the only object seen in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Given the duration of the sighting, we suspect a star.  PD));33.2855;-84.5964
Bright light low in western sky, stationary and shimmering for 20+ minutes.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect Venus.  PD));2017-01-21 20:00:00;20 minutes;Bright light low in western sky, stationary and shimmering for 20+ minutes We saw a very bright light low in the western sky, thought it might be a plane because it kind of shimmered, the light seemed to grow and dim as if it might be rotating or changing shape slightly. we watched for nearly 20 minutes and it did not move.   It was significantly larger than any planet or star we have ever seen.  My husband said suddenly it looked much further away though he never noticed it fly. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect Venus.  PD));33.2855;-84.5964
Light object traveling across sky reacting to second light and defying logic of  coomon air travel;2021-05-17 22:07:00;1 min;Light object traveling across sky reacting to second light and defying logic of  coomon air travel I woke from a late afternoon nap and went outside to urinate, while I was I looked up at the sky and noticed a light similar to  a dull star moving across the sky, I thought to myself wow that plane must have every light on and  they must be bright for me to see them as they were far away. as I was watching it cross the sky it started to move up and down as to wiggle and then it stopped and started fast then slowed then disappeared across behind the tree line, I then went into the house looked at the time- my Keurig coffee machine said it was 10:07 I then grabbed my phone and immediately called my brother in Pa and while I  was explaining to him I saw yet another light moving in the same area go across the sky it stopped and a another light appeared at 3 o'clock position in  which the first light seem  to be reacting to it as it then moved downward and  the second  light moved around to the 9 o'clock position counter clockwise. then the second light disappea! red and  the first light started to move up and down moving slowly forward then fast then moved out of view. The travel pattern of both sightings was from north ward to southward direction. The position of where this was seen from my location :  the moon  was at my back and the big dipper was to the east (or one of the pots of the dippers) of the moon using the second star in the big dipper handle  which was facing east and holding my arms in the air  keeping them about 20inches apart and in line with the handle of the big dipper I was able to try to provide my brother with a general area to look.  He did not see anything and stated his skies were hazy.  I was definitely in shock to witness such an event, as it defies what is know about objects traveling in the air, things just don't stop and change directions and then sped up and slow down.  I am unsure of what I may have witnessed but I witnessed something.;33.2855;-84.5964
