On the morning of july 4 2008, I went outside to the front lawn of my apartment to watch the 4th of july parade in Elmwood Park IL. I h;2008-07-04 12:00:00;1 hour;On the morning of july 4 2008, I went outside to the front lawn of my apartment to watch the 4th of july parade in Elmwood Park IL. I had just brought a new camera  and wanted to try it out. I had taken about 15 or 20 shots. when I saw a guy to my right with his back to the parade and pointing his camera up to south west. So I look to see what he was doing. It was partly cloudy all white clouds but one was Rainbow colored it looked brilliant on the blue sky. So I pointed my camera at the cloud and took pictures till it dissipated . Then i took more pictures of the parade .  About 120 shots in all.  When the parade had end I went into my apartment and downloaded all the images to my computer. I did not use the zoom on my camera I figured if there were any shots that i liked I could crop and zoom on the computer. just to the bottom right of the cloud I saw a gray and black sphere. This shoot was the best of the cloud pics so i started to look at the Parade pics and found two objects above the houses across the street. they look like the photo you have from Indiana on the same day but my shoot is is a day light  photo. To me they look like crows.  So  I cropped and zoomed in on the object They are small and look like triangles with three blue lights on the back side, the body is black.  After zooming on  in on these objects I do not think they are birds at all. in some of my shoots you can see passenger jets from O'Hare airport to the west of Elmwood Park. All the pictures that I took were of the parade and the cloud.  These images look very good on the computer  But I wanted to see them on photo paper so I took them to Wallgrens  to blow them up to 8 by 10 glossy  And they look even better.  I have 4 shoots one not zoomed and  three zoomed.  A  friend saw a photo of a cloud that was similar  to my shoot in the paper and said they were ice crystals in the sky. I have yet to see that photo.  I have never saw a cloud like this in my 48 years.  Its beautiful and wired.;41.9237;-87.8139999999999
