HUGE UNIDENTIFIED CRAFT SEEN IN BROAD DAYLIGHT BY 2 WITNESSES WITH AMAZING DETAIL OF CRAFT DESCRIPTION AND NO DOUBT ABOUT WHAT IT WAS.;2004-12-10 15:00:00;20 seconds;HUGE UNIDENTIFIED CRAFT SEEN IN BROAD DAYLIGHT BY 2 WITNESSES WITH AMAZING DETAIL OF CRAFT DESCRIPTION AND NO DOUBT ABOUT WHAT IT WAS. My boyfriend was driving up the hill to our apartment.  As we went around the bend right above us we saw the what we would describe as the mother ship.  It just appeared above us and was hoverring.  As my boyfriend kept driving he turned to me and said, Tell me what that is!!??  I could not speak so he repeated Tell me what that is!!?? (even louder).  Then I replied, I don't have to tell you what it is...you KNOW what it is!  It was at the very minimum two football fields in size and it was not moving at all, simply hoverred.  It didn't make any noise, not a sound.  It was close enough above us that my boyfriend said he could throw a rock and hit it.   This was the craziest thing either of us have ever seen in our lives.  According to both of us it was extremely similar to the bigger spaceships in the movie INDEPENDENCE DAY.  There were many lights on its bottom surface and had many exterior fixtures on it...it wasn't a smooth looking craft, it was very detailed and intricate in its design.  The vision of this craft is so embedded in each of our minds due to the fact that it was so close to us in broad daylight that if we were sketch artists we'd be able to draw exactly what we saw.   As we continued around the tree lined bend it vanished without a sound, without a trace.  It was as if this UFO's cloaking device or camoflauge system was temporarily disabled allowing us to see it ever so clearly. There is no doubt in either of our minds of what we saw.  There is no mistaking what it was.  It was no small light moving above us in a dark sky. This part of our experience is very clear to us and totally the same.  For whatever reason the only discrepency in our account of this event is in the few hours following the sighting (time loss).  If we had not been watching a program on the history channel about UFO sightings, we might not have ever reported this event.  I am a 30 year old woman who is in real estate and property management and I have no history of mental illness in my family.  My boyfriend's background: Early thirties, business professional in marketing and advertising, ex-bartender/nightclub manager in SF, CA., some college, no history of mental instability. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));37.8689333333334;-122.495675
