Several white orbs of diffuse light circling and zig zagging above my house in Sausalito.  ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights?  PD));2009-07-11 23:00:00;30 minutes;Several white orbs of diffuse light circling and zig zagging above my house in Sausalito I walked out on my deck on the hills facing the SF Bay in Sausalito and saw directly above me - 2 then 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 or more diffuse orbs of light in the sky. They were diffuse balls of light zooming at very high speeds in circle formations that would intersect making the overall pattern look like zig zags or figure eights. Also some of these orbs were popping in and out of my view in patterns of movements that were in shorter duration and appeared to me as not moving in circles. However I had the thought that these orbs were further away from me and I was only seeing on end of their trajectory or path. When I would shift my focus to the whole sky rather than trying to follow a couple of the orbs I then noticed that there were many more balls of light zipping all over the sky. I had the thought that they were flying at various altitudes. Last night was a beautiful night with a light cloud cover, patches of clear sky and stars peeking through. All day the clouds over the Bay were unusual, multi-colored, and diverse formations, several rainbows appeared in the late afternoon, early evening. A summer thunderstorm was trying to express itself. A few drops fell. It felt like a Hawaii day and night. As I was watching the orbs last night I wondered if they were absorbing energy from the clouds. The phenomenon stopped when the cloud cover dispersed and the moon rose into the sky. At first I wondered if the lights were searchlights.  I did not see any beams however.  I only saw the balls zipping and circling about. They were not the lights from normal aircraft. I wondered if they were being projected from a ship/boat but as the lights were above my head and my house in on a hill half a mile from the edge of the Bay, it did not seem possible. I am not a UFO buff. So I am not sure of the correct vernacular to use to describe what I saw. I have done an internet search wondering if anyone else saw what I saw.  But I have found nothing thus far. ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights?  PD));37.8689333333334;-122.495675
