I awoke at approx. 5:30 am and was going into San Luis Mexico for dental work and saw a circular object in the sky.;1999-11-15 05:50:00;10 minutes;I awoke at approx.  5:30 am and was going into San Luis Mexico for dental work and saw a circular object in the sky. I thought that it was a cloud but it was too perfect and there were no other clouds in the sky.   It was as big a a very large house would be and perfect in shape and whitish in color.   It was as if someone took paint brushes and painted a perfect circle in the sky and just left it there.    And at one point I thought it might be con trails that just came together in a perfect circle but that would be hard to do.   I have been a pilot and know that it would be impossible.     I watched it for some ten minutes and then it was just gone.   There was no sound to it at all and at that time of the morning there was no one out that I could see to confirm this with someone else.   It has taken me so long to report this but I was away from home and didn't return until this evening. And there seemed to be some light going around the object but they seemed to blend into the object.;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
2 ladies were sitting outside a home when they noticed small airplanes in the distance, then a circle of light came towards them and ap;2000-09-07 01:30:00;10 minutes;2 ladies were sitting outside a home when they noticed small airplanes in the distance, then a circle of light came towards them and appeared in human form. but eyes like others have reported, no they don't drink.  as soon as it appeared it retreated with a small amount of lights circling it. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not understand what took place here.  The report is anonymous, so we are unable to request clarifacation, or more data.  PD));32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
3 silent, cloaked circular objects;2010-04-09 21:00:00;40 secs;3 silent, cloaked circular objects 4/09/2010 at approximately 9pm outside in a southwestern arizona city, 2 people observed an unknown occurrence.  It was a warm night and we were sitting and talking as one person was reclined on a bench looking up at the night sky.  All of a sudden one person exclaimed that they  saw what looked like a soft white single color ribbon, flying silently across the sky, it was overhead, low on the eastern horizon, flying south to north and within a few seconds quickly faded as it moved across the sky.  The shape never changed, and there were no distinguishable individual lights visible.  Shortly after that we caught glimpse of another formation exactly like the first sighting flying south to north overhead, silently approximately 80 degrees off the horizon.  It was somewhat translucent, solid faint light, with the leading edge the primary visible structure.  It was a perfectly formed semi-circular object, perhaps boomerang shaped -  that was only visible for a few! brief seconds before fading away. We caught a third shape of the same formation shortly after the second.   It was in the same location the first sighting was and faded very quickly.  The object seemed very large, silent and with a cloaked look to it, like the other two sightings.  With each sighting the object looked like it was at a different elevation in the nighttime sky, perfectly formed. It was as if we were seeing cloaking from a sci-fi show and the leading edge was catching the cities reflection as it passed overhead.;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
Blue light incident and circular ufos;2016-10-15 22:00:00;1 seconds;Blue light incident and circular ufos On the fall, or winter of 2016, possibly some time in October 2016, two of my step kids and I were using an outdoor hot tub from a home that we were leasing in Yuma, AZ.  We were new to the Yuma, AZ area.  We had left Southern California on July 04th, 2016, and had gone East to find a better and more affordable place to live.  Without knowing where we were going, we decided to check out Yuma, Arizona, and soon it was decided that it was decent enough for us to live in and it was a small town that had pretty much everything that the bigger cities had as well.  We leased a home for one year.  The home had an outdoor pool and an outdoor hot tub where we would regularly get in it during the late afternoons and evenings to enjoy the water cooling off the hot Yuma heat during the summer time, and during the winter use the hot tub in order to enjoy some warm waters under the starry Yuma sky. The hot tub contained a strong and luminous LED multi-color light inside, and so did the pool, but the pool’s light was inoperable and needed repair, so only the hot tub light would be turned on at night. On one occasion, my step kids came into the home and were wild and excited that something from the sky had flashed a blue beam of light at them.  Being that one was a seven-year old at the time, and the other was a nineteen-year old, I discarded their story as something that they had made up in order for the older one to scare the younger one, and practically forgot and put the entire incident to rest. As a matter of fact, we went on with pretty much a normal routine after the incident was reported by the kids, and we continued to use the pool and hot tub regularly.  On several occasions I started paying more attention to the night skies.  Almost daily (it’s just a matter of time here in this region) we would observe these small white moving orbs float by from star to star.  They would sometimes pause momentarily, and they would camouflage themselves with other celestial bodies.  Sometimes these objects would stop to pause in the sky, temporarily making one lose sight of it, but most of the time they just floated on by the night sky.  For a few weeks, or months, I tried to see if there was a directional pattern of flight of these objects, but the answer was, No.  These were independent objects that were far beyond our air space.  I know, because next to us is the Marine Corps Yuma Air Station, and on several occasions I tried to visually compare how high the Marine planes ! would climb up in the sky to where more or less I had seen these objects, and these objects had to have been way much higher in distance from the ground than the MCAS jets flew.  Some floated on fast, while others a bit slower, and they held a constant speed too, even after they started moving from a temporary pause. It was either October of 2016 or November of 2016 when my step son and my step daughter decided to go later on in the evening and use the hot tub.  We started talking about the incident that they had witnessed in the sky the time that they saw the beam of blue light shine upon them.  At one point, I asked them if they could show my the direction of where this blue beam of light appeared from, and they both pointed towards the northern skies of Yuma. Being a former U.S. Army Communications Soldier myself, from 2000 – 2009, I am familiar with the basics of how a few methods of communications work.  Something in my mind told me to try and use the very bright and luminous LED lamp to see if I can somehow communicate with whatever was out there in the sky.  I thought that the chances of something responding back was slim to none.  But I was wrong. Since the LED lamp in the hot tub could be set to a specific color by a series of flicks of the switch, I had set the color to a light blue color.  Once the color had been set, I went into the hot tub and I sat facing North, fortunately the LED lamp was facing north as well as it was built-in to the hot tub’s southern part.  I began covering the LED lamp with my hands.  At first, I started doing a series of either two counts or three covered, and then uncovering it for the same amount of time.  I probably did this for a good five to fifteen minutes.  In the time that I was doing this, I also varied that times that I would cover the light and the times that I would uncover the lights.  At one point I saw it!  The blue light came from the Northern Sky and just focused on us three in the hot tub!  It was sort of like a one second burst of light upon us, but it happened!  All three of us saw the blue light, and afterwards we all went into the house and shared with my girlfriend ! and other step-daughter what we had just witnessed and encountered. I never did that experiment again afterwards, and I only shared it with a few people but was met with skepticism and ridicule.  Interestingly though, since that occurrence I’ve got a few skin blotches on my right hand that appeared soon afterwards and have been having some memory issues.  It doesn’t help that I am a disabled combat veteran today, served in Afghanistan as a Combat Engineer in 2006 – 2007), and have PTSD.  If it were not for my step kids seeing the light that night too, I would of have had thought that I was going crazy or be told probably by the VA that my medications might of have had caused me hallucinations. By the way, I am not the only one experiencing these strange physical and mental symptoms, so is my now twenty-one-year-old step daughter too, but not so much my young step-son. I hope that this report can help another person to see and bear witness that these orbs and blue lights are real.;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
2 crafts sighted, as they flew overhead.;2017-06-12 21:30:00;15 seconds;2 crafts sighted, as they flew overhead. My husband looked up into the sky as we walked our dogs.  He then noticed two large UFO's over or heads.  They had no sound and they were in a circle shape.  The were low flying and flying super fast.  About 3 times faster than any plane. When we saw them, he said, Look!  I looked up and saw them over our heads.  They were headed North.;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
Bright flash of light in sky followed by 2 objects traveling in different directions.;2020-04-25 04:03:00;7 minutes;Bright flash of light in sky followed by 2 objects traveling in different directions. On 04/25/20 at approximately 04:03 hours, while conducting a perimeter security check at my corrections complex, there was a bright flash of light. So bright, that I thought someone was shining a spot light in my direction. I looked up, toward the eastern sky, and above the horizon, there appeared to be what looked like a gash, or a split seam in the sky. There was a bright light coming from this 'split seam' in the sky, and it had what appeared to be a light purple vapor around it's edges.  After 7 seconds the object faded away.  At 04:05 Hours, in the same area of the sky, there was a amber dot, moving north, north east. The object was visual for 7 seconds before disappearing over the horizon.  At 04:07 hours, in the same area of the sky, there was what appeared to be a white dot traveling south. The object had what appeared to be a vapor traveling around the nose of the object, and left a trail behind it. The vapor was white with a tinge of blue. The 'bottom' of the object had a shimmering effect. The object lasted approximately 8 seconds, and faded out of sight.;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
