Yuma- Arizona 1993 Large Triangle shaped craft.;1993-09-13 21:30:00;3-5 minutes;Yuma- Arizona 1993 Large Triangle shaped craft. Long Description of Sighting Report About a month and a half after the Wacco Texas Compound incident is when this took place.  My uncle lived in a trailer park just off the side of a Marine Fighter base. We would walk down a dirt road to the end of the AOA area to watch the planes. We especially enjoyed watching them do touch and goes after dark. This was because the f-16's had bright green lights on their tail fins. On the last night we were in Yuma, we stood on a dirt hill at the end of the base's runway. It was around 9pm when the last of the fighters took off. This time when they disappeared over the horizon, they never returned. After about 30 minutes of no aircraft activity on the base, we got bored and left. On the way back to the trailer park I just happened to look up to admire the stars. When I looked up, I could only see darkness. At first I wondered if some clouds had rolled in without us noticing them. So I began to look out past the dark spot to see how far the cloud cover reached. It was at that moment that I noticed there were star visible all around the dark spot in the sky. Confused I began to study the dark spot. It was then that I noticed that the object had a long straight leading edge. I could tell, because the stars above were disappearing under these leading edges at an equal rate of speed. Then out of the corner of my eye I noticed a flash. I looked toward the tiny flash and it went off again. It reminded me of an airplane beacon. Next I followed the leading edge of the wing forward until I noticed a tiny white light at the nose. The light was constantly on, just very hard to detect with the naked eye. It looked like all the other stars in the sky. I then followed the leading edge of the wing down the opposite side of the craft. At a great distance away, I spotted another tiny green strobe light. The object appeared to be about 200-400 feet up.  Standing back I looked from one strobe light to the other. Then I followed those lights up to the tiny light in the nose area of the craft. The vehicle was huge. I estimated about a football field’s length from wing tip to wing tip. Perhaps half a football fields length from the back of the craft to the tiny nose light. I couldn't believe how large the craft was!  The craft moved at a very low rate of speed. It almost seemed to have a hover capability. I stopped walking to listen to see if the object made any noise. I heard a very quite blowing sound. It reminded me of a fighter plan idling on the taxi-way. The exception was that it was barely audible. We watch the craft float slowly over the edge of Yuma and then disappear into the darkness. The whole event took about 3 minutes time. I always assumed that this was a military aircraft. I could clearly see the Marine Fighter Base's air traffic control tower from where I was at the time. I figured if I could see the tower, then the tower could see the object. Since there was no activity on the base at the time, I figured they knew about it. A military fighter base wouldn't let such a large object float past the end of their runway and do nothing. Then last year I was listening to the Art Bell show on Coast to Coast Am. On that show a guest called in from Arizona. The guest exactly described the same craft that I had seen. This brought up the whole discussion of the famous Arizona Lights. After hearing several stories about this large triangle type craft I decided to contact you. Is this a military craft being secretly tested at night? What is your take on this incident?  Ps. I am an air show fan and love all sorts of military aircraft. I've seen a lot of planes in action, but nothing I've ever seen or heard came close to this craft and it capabilities...;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
about one mi. from front light to back and across about 10 t0 15 mi. from us. im just now able to talk about it.;1997-03-16 11:30:00;45min.;((NUFORC Note:  This reported event is dated three days after the dramatic events over Arizona, generally referred to as the Arizona Lights case. about one mi. from front light to back and across about 10 t0 15 mi. from us. im just now able to talk about it. it came over the nw horizon with 7 lights in triangle that glowed yellow orange with little tiny red white lights going to the bigger lightsthen it backed away out of view for a min. then it came back tried to take pic with small camara but did not come out. then it backed out of view and was gone the next day we had 3 or 4 black unmarked helicopers flying around acrossthe desert and i could see some of there faces there were looking for something i guess is all i can think of as of now . desert, on olgiby rd. 16 mi. ne. of  yuma az.;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
My wife and I were on our way home from San Diego late at night when I noticed an aircraft flying over head.  The craft was very bright;1998-07-28 01:30:00;3 minutes;My wife and I were on our way home from San Diego late at night when I noticed an aircraft flying over head.  The craft was very bright and when we got closer it was actually hoovering over the desert with a very bright light illuminating the ground. My wife and I were on our way home, Phoenix, from San Diego.  We were approximately 1/2 hour east of Yuma, Arizona.  She was sleeping, and I noticed this bright light flying above the desert off in the distance.  I didn't think much about it, not being familiar with the area, I just assumed that it was probably a crop duster or something of that sort. As we got a little closer to the object, I noticed that the lights were much brighter than that of a crop duster! The entire desert was being illuminated by this craft.  I woke my wife up, asking her if she believed in UFO's!  She was upset at being woken, and smarted off to me Why?  I simply told her that I was not a big believer, but that what ever I was seeing off in the distance was certainly making me believe.  When she looked, she too was shocked. We were getting real close to the object which was black in color.  We noticed that it was not one bright light, but a series of bright lights shining down.  The craft had one in each corner, one in the middle, and several others red, possibly amber, surrounding it.  A semi driver that had been in front of me this entire time pulled off to the side of the road, as did we.  The craft was actually hoovering over the desert with the middle light shining down bright on the ground.  It was as though it were looking for something.  The craft would then move very slowly twoards us, and as it got to where the highway was, all the lights, except the amber lights, would go off until it crossed over the highway.  Once on the other side all lights would return.  The craft was not moving incredibly fast while over the desert but, as it crossed the road it would do so in a hurry.  It concentrated most of its time on the south side of the highway and it passed directly over us severaal times.  It was a very warm Arizona night and we had our windows down, yet heard nothing.  We did not realize this until we were driving away.  My wife was very scared while we were parked there and she begged me to continue driving.  We co! uld see this object for a few miles as we drove away, then it just vanished.  Both of us agreed to tell no one what we had just seen, for fear of being laughed at.  I had to tell someone so I told my parents the next morning.  Yesterday, February 28, 1999, I was golfing with my cousin who was talking about the Phoenix sightings and explaining what the craft looked like.  I told him what my wife and I had encountered so he sent me via email your web address, as well as some pictures that he pulled off the internet.  The pictures that he sent me are very similar to what my wife and I seen, the craft was not huge, but not small either.  The lights were very bright yet, not blinding.  The whole experience was kinda nerve racking to say the least.  Yet, I have no doubt what I seen over that portion of the Arizona desert.  I now believe in UFO's, but I believe that it was a millitary craft given our location.  Yuma has a large millitary presence.  Anyway, thats our story.;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
Dark triangle with no lights and no sound 150 feet above our heads.;2004-04-05 21:10:00;45 seconds to 1 minute;Dark triangle with no lights and no sound 150 feet above our heads. We had just returned home from the grocery store, and were unloading groceries out of the car, and my mother was pointing to the visible sattelite in the sky with her cane.  A triangle shaped craft was spotted by the three of us flying directly over our heads, approximately 100 feet above the palm trees by my driveway.  It appeared to be black, but very visible to the naked eye.  We saw what looked like 7 small circles on the bottom of this craft, one at the point, and three on each side.  This craft was so low, that we could make out the outer rings around these disks, which were concave in shape.  It flew directly over the top of us, not very fast, but not slow either.  It continued on for about 500 feet, ascended, and disappeared right in front of our eyes.  The thing that really struck us was three things....first of all, there were no lights of ANY kind on this craft, but we  could see it clearly, as if the city lights reflected off the bottom, kind of luminescent.  The second is that for it flying so low, there was not a single air current in its wake in the tops of the palm trees, like a copter or plane would generate.  Lastly, but most importantly, it made ABSOLUTELY NO SOUND!  No engine noise, no wind, nothing.  What is really strange is that we live literally in the Marine Corp Air Staion's back yard...something flying as low as this craft was would never be seen on their radar. We see military and civilian crafts all day and night, because we also live right next to the airport.  This was like nothing we have ever seen before.;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
Massive  triangle reported  to Yuma county Sherriff office over Yuma, AZ. flying south to Mexico;2005-06-25 22:15:00;1 minute;Massive  triangle reported  to Yuma county Sherriff office over Yuma, AZ. flying south to Mexico On Saturday, June 25, 2005 at about 10:15p.m. I was looking south from my house, which is located 10 miles south of Yuma, AZ, when I looked up and saw 2 lights proceeding south. I then noticed a third light out in front of the other 2 lights. When my eyes adjusted, I realized I was seeing a triangle-shaped object. This was not a equal-sided triangle, but long pointed one. The sides of the triangle were about 3 times as long as the base of the triangle. I noticed the object appeared blurred, like it was oscillating or vibrating at a very fast frequency. The flight characteristics appeared jerky or out of focus all along the perimeter. When the object passed between me and some of the stars, the star light was blocked out. This was something I had never seen before. I am a disabled Navy Veteran and I was stationed on the aircraft carrier U.S.S. Coral Sea for almost 6 years and I have seen a lot of different types of aircraft. I live 5 miles south of a Marine helicopter and Harrier training base. There are 2 Proving grounds within 25 miles of my house Yuma Proving Grounds and the Barry Goldwater Test Range. So, I have seen many types or aircraft, both fixed-wing and rotary types. I have never seen anything like this before. I will not take a guess on the altitude, speed, or distance but I had the impression this object was at a very high altitude. After about a minute of observing this object going south, it just faded from view.;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
Carousel in the sky on fire / pixalated triangle over Yuma, AZ;2008-10-10 18:00:00;15 minutes;Carousel in the sky on fire / pixalated triangle over Yuma, AZ It took me a while to come forward and report this because I was honestly embarassed to report this, but since this event I have been expierencing unusual events. Me & brother in law were doing our usual run on a canal bank running path and in the sky towards the mountains we both witnessed a carousel looking object spinning slowing in the sky, the lights looked like blinking torches and floated almost slowly spinning, shortly there after probably 2 minutes it dissapeared we both sat there in dis belief because growing up next to th Marine Corp Air Station, and Yuma Proving Grounds we have never seen a air craft like this as we were sitting there a triangle shaped object appeard in the sky about 300 yds in front of us. it was transparent but we could see a pixalated triangle craft no noise no motor just slowly moving over us with strobe lights almost in each corner blinking in a scattered pattern it slowly went over us and dissapeared, we call the news st! ation to report it but no one else seen it but us.;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
cloaking ship  over Yuma, AZ;2009-03-16 21:07:00;1 minute;cloaking ship  over Yuma, AZ On Monday, March the 16th, 2009 at approximately 2107 hrs. I was sitting on the west side of the place where I live. At that particular time I was watching with my binoculars (20x50) at the night sky when I spotted what looked like a triangular cloud, at least that is what it look when I first saw it. I straighten myself so I could get a better look as I was in uncomfortable position never taking my eyes on the mysterious shape.  The cloud travel at about forty five degrees from the west horizon, from south to north. It sort of looked like the Star Trek Romulian war ships when they are cloaking, sort of blurry trails behind the front cloud  but I could only see the outer edge. I followed this shape until it disappeared in the northern horizon. I want to point out that you could not see this with the naked eye nor did it make any sound. The whole event took about thirty second since I spotted this in the middle of the sky or its trajectory. I also have to confessed that this sight gave me chills and made me a little nervous since I have seen other “strange” objects before but nothing like this big or weird. At approximately thirty minutes after this event two marine jets took off from the MCAS base  in the direction that the device had taken but instead of  following all the way north the sort of cut in the middle of the sky and continued on an northeasterly direction. I am submitting this report with the hope that there may be someone else that saw this object.;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
Black triangle floating in same area for several minutes, then disappeared.;2018-12-04 18:30:00;5 minutes;Black triangle floating in same area for several minutes, then disappeared. Black object moving around in same area appearing around dark clouds for several minutes.  It seemed to be a kite at first and I walked directly underneath it because I thought it was a kite flapping in the wind.  When I looked for the strings and a witness it disappeared.;32.6973067164176;-114.578871548506
