Slow moving unusual brilliant liquid white like single object over Cape Cod;2011-08-13 22:00:00;5 -10 min;Slow moving unusual brilliant liquid white like single object over Cape Cod I was sitting in a plastic chair on a back deck of our motel room, about 200 feet from the Atlantic ocean  facing southwest, Sagittarius and Scorpio was directly in front,  Scorpio tail and rest of Scorpio to my front right. There were four of us talking and as I talked to two of my family members standing in front of me I said,” what the heck is that- that doesn’t belong there?”   I saw a bright object that looked about four times the brightness of Jupiter.   It just seemed to appear between the people I was talking with I do not know if it approached further away from when I first noticed it.  The night was fair but clear enough to see the stars of Sagittarius and Scorpio.   The object looked all very brilliant bright white the shape could have been somewhat round but it didn’t look exactly round but very difficult to see exact shape.   Object made no sound, it was a very smooth like movement the way a satellite might move but it was much lower than a sate! llite –the object looked a little lower than An tares which you could see above and to the right of the object which moved from the Southwest near Sagittarius and came towards us over head moving Northeast through far right of Cassiopeia and on eastward till it disappeared the way an airplane would.    I had to run to the side of the building after it went over –my room was on the end of the motel.  There were no other lights visible and no beam or glow protruding from the bright white object.     Now the president was on Marta’s vineyard that weekend so perhaps it was an unusual new aircraft.  Been an armature astronomer for many years,  know what the planets look like where they are and how they move along the ecliptic etc. this was a craft of some sort moving the opposite way the planets move across the sky - the magnitude about  - 4 and largest overhead about 38 – 40 seconds of arc.   It moved about the speed of a slow airplane but nothing else was airplane like.   Let me ! know if anyone else saw this.  I had my digital  camera right next to me pair of 70 mm binocs close by but it takes lousy images at night did not want to take eyes off it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.6621;-70.1329
