large disc, no more than 80ft above our car, 4 witnesses, 2 full minute sighting;1986-12-15 20:30:00;2 minutes;large disc, no more than 80ft above our car, 4 witnesses, 2 full minute sighting My mother, sister and a friend were driving home from an evening of Christmas shopping.  At the time I was 16, my friend 17, my sister 15 and my mother, 37.  We were on a desolate road called Read St. Read Street ran through old farm land with  a few industrial complexes along the way.  There were also big power lines in the vicinity.  We were driving by an old farm when we noticed what looked like 2 headlights coming out of the sky.  The lights were coming down towards an old field lighting up a dilapidated barn.  The lights were so bright that we couldn’t make out the shape of the object so we assumed it was a small plane or helicopter making an emergency landing in the field.  My mother slowed down just in case we needed to lend a hand as there were no other cars around (which wasn’t unusual).  Suddenly,  the object stopped descending and became level.  It was then that we saw the actual shape and size of this object.  It was slowly moving towards us.  The object was silver, an immense disk with a big reddish bulging light on the bottom and little white lights around its widest section.  It hovered. At this point, I started yelling at my mother telling her to drive away.  I was pushing her seat from behind (I was in the back seat) and telling her go, go, go!!  She stayed put and to this day, she can't explain why she didn’t drive away.  The craft made no sound at all despite being no more than 80ft above us.  (my mother smoked so she had her window cracked)  It stopped and hovered above us just ahead of our car where we could all see it.  When my mother finally started to drive (slowly) the craft mimicked our movements forward.  Then in one swish, it moved to the left side of the car, and hovered over a small stand of trees which it illuminated.  It stayed there for about 15 seconds then whisked away over the trees and out of sight. We were all very shaken and upset and after dropping my girlfriend off, we went home and my mother immediately called the police.  The local police station literally answered the phone UFO Hotline in a joking manner (Attleboro was a small town back then!)  My mom reluctantly told the officer about our sighting and he indicated that there had been many calls that night and that an officer was sent to check things out.   The next day, there was a tiny blurb in our local paper about the area of Read Street losing power over night.  It went on to say that the outage was due to a squirrel eating through a rotted power box. My mother, sister and I still talk about that night but overall, I've been reluctant to share my experience with others simply because of the stigma that comes along with such an admission.  I don’t know what we encountered that night but to this day, I've never seen anything like it nor have I seen any technology that comes close to what we saw that December night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.9261;-71.3010999999999
Rotating disk revealed after i had a feeling it would happen before my eyes. psychic;2007-11-15 23:00:00;seconds;Rotating disk revealed after i had a feeling it would happen before my eyes. psychic hello this incident occurred one night as I was on my way home from a friends place. mid november 2007 I started walking and after about 30 minutes I got to the street that the high school is on. So as I went down the road out of the corner of my eyes I thought I kept seeing flashes of light much like a shooting star. so I just do what I always do and walked forward while looking up for something to happen. I got to the school and it was weird that there was like a bunch of kids playing tackling each other? But I kept walking with a stern face because I felt the presence of extraterrestrials. I felt weird. I walked past them and got to the high school track around the football field. And as I have done in the past I decided to lay down and watch the skies for  any kind of shooting stars or UFOS. Sure enough I saw a shooting star it was green and had a tail. It was awesome and only lasted a second or less in a small part of the sky but I was satisfied to continue watching convinced to make some kind of contact. Observing it was an experience that cant be put into words. Then a few moments later I saw a big streak of white light. It was another shooting star. A few times I saw  lights out of the corner of my eye yet because I had not had a clear visual I dismissed them as irrelevant. They could have been a car a street light even those kids or the school. Eventually I had seen several shooting stars and thought to myself had I accomplished what I came here for? So still lying there I grew cold even though I was hot from previously walking as I had mentioned that 45minute walk or so kind of pissed me off. Once I got to the track I laid down for about 30 minutes then I said something to myself. I wanted to leave within 5 minutes. I wanted to see a UFO go over my head, directly above me. I wanted it to come from my direct right and move towards my left. Imagine how I felt when this happened exactly like I wanted it to. Directly above my eyes as if you shot a laser from the center of the earth up through the ground through my head on the ground looking up through my eyes if that laser beam kept going perfectly straight  it would hit the thing I saw. It was straight above me as I glanced into the heavens. It was only visible for 1 second but it was enough. It started of white with a tail like a shooting star then faded away then reappeared on the same path and was white with a tail again but it rotated half way this time. It rotated and I saw a disk. Yes a disk like a saucer lice a Frisbee like a plate. I am convinced it was an intelligent being and after that I have had a different life I just want to talk to someone about this. I went to this exact web site after I witnessed it to try to find if anyone else saw it and all up and down the east coast there was reports of much similar activity if not identical. I experienced lost time loss of hearing and a surge of power. Like I could control the universe. I even had a dream about the exact event years before it happened can I please get some feed back fellow earthlings. When something like this happens you never forget it, and so I will never let this paranormal event escape. I BELIVE. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.9261;-71.3010999999999
UFO formation over Attleboro plaza;2010-05-09 05:56:00;2 minutes;UFO formation over Attleboro plaza As I was talking about UFOs with my family and how it is possible that an infrared camera can see them but the human eye can't, I took two pictures. In those pictures are formations of submarine shaped aircraft in formation. The first picture has a  clear blue sky behind the UFOs, while in the second picture they move and a cloud covers a few of them.  The two closest UFOs are still visible but mildly shrouded by a the cloud.;41.9261;-71.3010999999999
Saucer with dome shaped top hovering in place over busy area;2015-09-08 21:30:00;5 minutes;Saucer with dome shaped top hovering in place over busy area I was driving down the road.  I observed a saucer with a dome shaped top.  There was only one.  It looked to be 1-5 miles away judging by the size of the craft.  The craft did not have any lights shining off of it, but it seemed as though it was glowing with a blue aura.   It was floating in the distance above the town of Seekonk.  I could see this due to the fact I was driving along a main road on top of a hill.  There was not a cloud in the sky that night.   As I observed the saucer, it stayed in one place completely still as I continued down the road.  I continued home to pick up my girlfriend.  I drove back to the same spot two minutes later and it was no longer there. I was the only one who observed this event.  My background is as follows:  22 year old Caucasian male.  High school diploma with some college.  I work in the aviation industry as a fabrication department supervisor for a ground power cable supply manufacturer.;41.9261;-71.3010999999999
