3 silver, shiny, cigar-shaped craft over Discovery Bay, WA, hovered, accelerated at incredible rate, and disappeared.;1980-10-15 10:00:00;30 seconds;3 silver, shiny, cigar-shaped craft over Discovery Bay, WA, hovered, accelerated at incredible rate, and disappeared. I was driving east on Highway 101 on the west side of Discovery Bay in Jefferson County, WA.  It was about 10 AM and the sky was clear blue and sunny.  I was looking east but the sun was more to the south/southeast.  I saw 3 stationary, cigar shaped objects hovering over Discovery Bay in a north/south orientation, so I was seeing them from the side.  They were only about 1-2 miles from me and at about 800-1000 feet of elevation.  Each was probably about 150’ long and 30-40’ in diameter.  They were very shiny silver metal, perfectly smooth, almost like liquid mercury, but they held their cigar shape perfectly.  They were symmetrical from front to back.  There was nothing on the outside other than the very shiny, reflective metal.  No lights or windows, no fins or engines, no wings or antennas. They hovered for maybe 10-15 seconds, then they started to move south at a fairly slow rate of speed.  They all moved at the same time, at the same speed, but they weren’t visibly attached to each other in any way. Then after proceeding south for maybe a mile or so, they suddenly turned to the east and in a split second they sped up to the fastest I have ever seen anything move and  almost instantly disappeared.  The turn and acceleration were virtually instantaneous. I never believed or disbelieved in UFOs prior to this incident.  I was 20 years old and hadn’t given it much thought.  Ever since this incident, I know they exist because I saw them with my own eyes and they were not anything of this world.  They were far too fast, advanced, and different from anything created by humans, especially at that time (and even still). Some people have said to me, Maybe they were jets from NAS Whidbey.  No they were not!  I grew up on the waterfront of the Strait of Juan de Fuca and saw all the various craft from NAS Whidbey many times.  They were nothing like the military craft, not even remotely close. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));48.1077;-122.7945
Sighted WW II barrage balloon at 1500' AGL (no lights) which accelerated rapidly as I approached in my light aircraft.;1989-04-23 14:00:00;4-5 minutes;Sighted WW II barrage balloon at 1500' AGL (no lights) which accelerated rapidly as I approached in my light aircraft. I was southbound in my light aircraft from Jefferson County Airport during some pleasure and proficiency flying.  The weather was clear, very light to no wind my altitude was approximately 1500 AGL, airspeed 90 knots.  Appproximately 5-6 nm south of Jefferson County Airport (10-11 nm south of the town of Port Townsend), directly ahead approximately 1 nm ahead and at about my altitude I saw what I immediately thought was a WW II barrage balloon, like those used in the Battle of Britain--it was so like that that no other thought or association came to my mind. It was brown or olive drab in color and seemed too small to be a modern blimp. The balloon was stationary, as if tethered in the fields below, though I saw no tethering lines it had no airfoils or control surfaces except the fin-like empennage typical of barrage ballons and blimps, and it had no engine, propellor or other visible source of power. I saw no lights anytime during the episode.  It was pointed in a westerly direction.  My immediate thought was to wonder why anyone would tether a barrage balloon in at this point.  I altered my heading to pass behind (east of) the balloon and take a closer look. When I was approximately 1/4 nm from it, the balloon suddenly accelerated at a very high rate of speed to the west, toward the Olympic Mountains I turned to follow it  in a few seconds it had gone from my sight.  There was no visible exhaust or other indication of power or motion.  I have been a certified flight instructor for approximately 30 years and was in instructor in the Strategic Air Command.  I have seen interesting sights while flying but I can remember no other sight that I could not explain to my self.  I recently learned of your web sight, which is one reason for the timing of this report.  My memory of the episode is vivid I have identified the date in my pilot log book.;48.1077;-122.7945
Large, white, cigar-shaped object.  Stationary, one mile high, two miles away.;2014-07-27 13:00:00;5 seconds;Large, white, cigar-shaped object.  Stationary, one mile high, two miles away. Driving along a large Long White Cigar Shaped object appeared stationary at tree top level angle of about 60 degrees about one mile high and two miles + or - away.  First saw object at a distance then a few minutes later saw up very close.  No wings or tail. It was similar to a blimp, but white metallic and longer maybe 200 feet long.   Object had what appeared to be a flattened bottom side and was fuzzy looking near end of a 4 second sighting then disappeared into tree line.   Unable to find another view trees blocked out object.  Wife heard me exclaim What the bleap is that!!  Turned around in car object was no longer visible.;48.1077;-122.7945
