Two aircraft were sighted over a portion of the Puget Sound, flying south-southwest at a low altitude. One looked to be a military airc;2013-11-11 15:45:00;15 minutes;Two aircraft were sighted over a portion of the Puget Sound, flying south-southwest at a low altitude.  One looked to be a military aircraft that was completely black and resembled a military-converted 747, however it was lacking any visible engines, and was completely silent in spite of it's proximity to our location.  Behind and to the port side of the larger craft was a very small black oval shaped craft, not much larger than the vertical stabilizer of the larger craft, that was keeping pace with it.  After the craft both had crossed the body of water, the larger craft increased in altitude and continued directly toward Mount Rainier.  The smaller craft suddenly changed direction and began heading East.  When the smaller craft changed heading, its profile never changed, it never exhibited any sound, or had any visible change of speed, only a visible change in direction.  The reason why the larger military-looking aircraft was suspicious as well is not only due to the fact that it was accompanied by the smaller unidentified craft, but that nobody in our group could identify what the larger craft actually was even though two of us currently work in aerospace.  We did agree that it looked similar to a military-converted 747 for long range radar (although it was lacking the usual top-mounted radar equipment), but that the lack of visible propulsion, the extra length and width to the fuselage, its low altitude and low airspeed and its shortened wingspan was an anomaly in itself.  This sighting happened on a busy dock in this town, during a time of day when it was light enough to see both profiles clearly.  There were more witnesses than 5, but the 5 in our particular group were the ones who agreed to report it. A sketch can be included of the craft and their positions, superimposed over an image of where they were sighted.  However, at the time of the sighting, nobody had a mobile phone that didn't have a dead battery.;48.1077;-122.7945
