Bluish white energy orb travelling very low in sky just above tree tops.;2014-09-13 20:15:00;4 seconds;Bluish white energy orb travelling very low in sky just above tree tops. I was leaving Fort Warden front gate and turned right in my car.  My husband was about ten seconds behind me and turned left in his pickup.   I was just at the first stop sign and began driving and looked up to my left with my window open, and saw what I initially thought was a firework or low flare that was blue, but as it moved over the tree tops it was glowing blue white with no sound as my window was open, and it was not falling but went down behind the trees in front of me towards Chinese Gardens/North Beach area.   My husband saw it just before me, as he turned left on the same road and as he turned onto the small road with his large pickup he ended up on the side of the road in the ditch..  When he started up the ditch he was looking directly up at a blue white disc with a circle around it but the center was the blue energy type light and there was no sound as it passed over him.   It was at the same height over the trees and he didn't even think it was anyth! ing else but some type of flying craft but nothing he had ever seen before.   About the same time 8:20 our daughter who was in Port Angeles was on a walk and she saw a bluish white light fly across the sky over the water but it went out of her sight as it went down behind the trees at Crown Park.  She said she didn't know what it was, but it wasn't a jet or a plane or a helicopter and it was too close to be a star and that it was silent.;48.1077;-122.7945
Two orange spheres appeared over the water.;2016-04-02 20:30:00;5 minutes;Two orange spheres appeared over the water. Saw two orange round lights in eastern sky over the Water.  Moving in tandem from north to south, slowly With no noise.  The one on the right slowly faded out And disappeared.  The other did the same within a Minute or so. ((NUFORC Note:  The source of this report was at the same location as the other witness, who also reported the same sighting in Pt. Townsend, WA, for the same time and date.  Also, please see;48.1077;-122.7945
