3 satellites forming a perfect isosceles triangle shape, moving in complete unison from the NW to the SE and turning to the South.;1999-10-12 21:35:00;5 minutes;3 satellites forming a perfect isosceles triangle shape, moving in complete unison from the NW to the SE and turning to the South. My son and I like to look for satelites when the sky is clear.  This night was very clear in our area, so we went out a little after 9:00pm to have a look.  We were looking straight up and a bit towards the North.  My son was pointing out the constellations to me as he likes to do.  We had just located Casseopia and the Pleades when right at that moment, from the West, we saw a marvelous shooting star with a long tail.  We both thought it must have made it to the earth intact.  We kept looking for satelites, but found none.  We did see alot of shooting stars however, just like the meteor showers.  As we were looking for moving objects my son finally said I found one.  He was pointing it out to me and as I was turning to have a look, he yelled out No, it's three of them... together, they're moving together!!  I turned and saw what he was looking at.  It was 3 satellites forming a perfect isosceles triangle and traveling in formation at exactly the same speed.  They never broke foramation or changed their speed which was slightly slower than most satellites we watch.  They looked like a small constellation traveling across the night sky.  They traveled from the NW to the SE and seemed to slowly veer more Southerly.  It took about 3-4 minutes for them to travel across the sky and we watched them travel until they faded out of our sight range.  My other son came out to watch them also.  We all remarked about how it could not be one big object because as it passed by other stars we could still see the stars through it... it was not solid.  We have never seen 3 satellites travel in formation before and this was quite a unique experience for us. ((NUFORC Note:  These probably are U. S. Navy satellites, flying in formation for some reason.));48.1077;-122.7945
Triangle UFO? Check this out - NOSS Triad Satelite system - Naval Ocean Survailance System;2004-07-30 22:47:00;1-2 minutes;Triangle UFO? Check this out - NOSS Triad Satelite system - Naval Ocean Survailance System Looking for satellites, as I like to do and was lucky enough to see the Naval Array again.  This is 3 satelites that are strategically placed to remain in formation as they travel.  They are usually in the formation of an isosceles triangle.  They appear to have a light at each tip as each satelite reflects the sun, like all satelites do (Well, at least the normal ones the public knows about).  It moves slowly across the night sky and eventually passes out of view.  In my area it is usually moving from the NW to the SE.  We consider this a great thrill to see the Naval Array as it is something so different to see... 3 satelties moving in formation with no sound.  It is quite alarming to see for the first time because it really appears to be some kind of craft, BUT, you can still see the stars behind it as it passes by... so it seems as though the craft is invisible except for the lights (which are really the satelites themselves).  What appears to be a UFO is really 3 satelites traveling together in formation.  Very cool thing to see if you get the chance.  I have tried watching for it each night, to come up with some kind of schedule of when it passes over, but so far have not been able to document anything routine, it seems to be hit or miss.  Still a nice astronomical event to see and worth waiting for, and witness how our technology is advancing into the future.  Here are some web addresses for information on the NOSS Triad Satelites(Naval Ocean Survailance Satelites):  NOSS - Double and Triple Satelite Arrays http://www.satobs.org/noss.html What Are Flying Triangles? http://www.space.com/sciencefiction/phenomena/triangle_ufo_noss_000114.html NOSS 2-2 and NOSS 2-3 http://spaceflightnow.com/atlas/ac160/010905preview.html Triangular Satelite Formations http://www.aufosg.com/page31.html Strange Behaving Satelites http://www.aufosg.com/page48.html NOSS and NRO Payloads http://spaceflightnow.com/atlas/ac160/ Silent Running http://uplink.space.com/printthread.php?Cat=&Board=sciastro&main=47855&type=post NRO - National Reconnaissance Office - New Spy Satelites http://www.space.com/missionlaunches/atlas_launch_010908.html Whitecloud - US Navy Electronic Intelligence System http://www.globalsecurity.org/space/library/report/1993/noss_andronov.htm  Hope this helps :*);48.1077;-122.7945
Holographic Grid of Light Display after Seeing Craft;2021-08-04 22:00:00;3 events over 5 hours;Holographic Grid of Light Display after Seeing Craft The experience unfolded in three parts:  1 — At roughly 10pm on Wednesday, August 4, I was gazing outside my bedside window as I listened to a book on tape. I stargaze often & I keep a pair of small binoculars on my nightstand to see deeper into the night sky. I noticed what appeared to be a satellite crossing my field of vision. Watching the light, it began to curve in an upward direction, circled back counterclockwise, & then settled motionless in the sky, seemingly appearing as just another star.  I immediately grabbed my binoculars for a closer look. Inspecting the light/object, it shined in a manner that the nearby stars did not. The light seemed to curve & as I looked at it, I noted that it twisted its light in a very peculiar fashion. It was as if a dark serpentine tether was flailing around the object.  I watched it remain stationary for another few minutes with no further light anomalies. I resigned that it was simply a drone & that, perhaps, police or military were testing out their technologies in the air space just offshore as they often do.  2 — This is where things get weird.  Approximately 5-15 minutes after I observed this object in the night sky, I was again sitting on my bed, listening to the book on tape, with only my nightstand quartz lamp lighting my room.  Suddenly, I had a strong intuition that something was about to happen. It was a feeling similar to the onset of deja vu. This feeling was followed by my room being LIT UP with a gridwork of white shining light. Imagine 10 strobe lights going off at once, but contained to a very geometrical grid that roughly spanned a 10' x 10' space across my bedroom. The grid FLASHED twice & vanished.  I was completely stunned. Not necessarily in shock, but just stunned. These were not car lights. This was not like anything I've ever laid eyes on in my life. Yet my initial instinct was not in fear, but curiosity.  I removed my headphones & again it happened, maybe 10-15 seconds after the initial flash. Except this time I noticed a small ball of light (roughly the size of your fist) tumble through the closed window on the far corner of the room prior to my bedroom again FLASHING with this same grid pattern of pulsing light, again two times, but in a slightly different location of my room. This time I additionally noticed three peculiar elements: 1) the air briefly sizzled, 2) the pattern of the grid was aesthetically fashioned, as though I was looking at a holographic projection of an ancient temple, & 3) this light wasn't exactly light.  Within the span of those second two pulses, the light appeared to slide & gather against the wall ABOVE the window through which the ball of light came tumbling through. It was almost as if this brightness was more of a substance than a light.  I then entered something of an altered state of consciousness (markedly different from the initial deja vu feeling), although this too was very brief. I can't exactly pinpoint the sensation, but there was a certain heaviness, like gravity got a little thicker for that moment, & my ears slightly popped, as though I was surfacing from deep water.  After the moment passed, it felt like all the air came flooding back into my room & I was left with this highly uncanny feeling & a deep silence. I couldn't explain what happened & I didn't know how to feel about it. I am certain I did not experience a seizure or any sort of otherwise momentary mental health break.  3 — That same night I had a dream, or what I perceived to be a dream, that was also particularly unusual.  I saw multiple UFO crafts outside my same bedside window. From high above in the night sky, I watched them trickle down in a motion that resembled falling leaves. I recall 5 crafts in total: 2 hovering & 3 falling in this tumbling, spiraling leaf pattern. They were all a slate blue grey in color, isosceles triangular in shape, with rounded grooves at the bottom of the crafts. There were pale yellow circular lights adorning their frames.  Why I say I perceived this to be a dream is because I woke up looking outside the window. I was standing up with my hands gripping the windowsill & my head leaning in for a better view. As I came to a fully waking state, I seemed to shake out of this dream trance & laid back down in my bed. I checked the time on my phone & it was shortly after 3am.  As I lay in bed, I replayed the falling motion of these crafts again & again in my head. It sounds strange, but I simply couldn't get the movement in which these crafts fell out of my mind's eye. Even now, those falling movements strike a deeper, more uncomfortable chord in me than the lights which flashed inside my room.  To my recollection, I've never dreamed of UFOs until that night.  Thank you for taking the time to read my report.;48.1077;-122.7945
