Saw a fleet of UFO's/Lights appearing out of the sky and then traveling E.  ((NUFORC Note:  Starlink satellites?  PD));2019-11-25 05:45:00;10+ minutes;Saw a fleet of UFO's/Lights appearing out of the sky and then traveling East for 10+ minutes This morning as I was warming up my car I noticed a light traveling steadily across the sky. I thought it was a satellite at first but then noticed two other lights at different distances traveling with it. I stopped and continued to watch as more and more were popping up! All at different intervals and to my North East. They weren't appearing from the skyline, but instead between the stars Perseus and Cassiopeia, where the light would slowly fade in from out of nowhere. Then the light was remain stable for a few seconds before taking off East. They moved a little faster than a satellite's pace across the sky. And would fly into the same line as one another. So some lights would appear around the same time, wait, and then one by one would take off east and fly in a line. We also saw two lights appear that were very close together, and moved together across the sky without getting closer or further apart. I could almost see the light reflecting onto something! that was between them. It wasn't pitch dark between them the way it was dark on the outsides of the lights. It looked like it was a humongous ship! The distance between the lights was similar to the size of a cargo ship out a few miles off shore. These lights seemed very high up, as the lights were dimmer than the two stars around them, but bright enough to clearly see them and make out the slight details in the big one. They didn't make any noise either. I watched this for a few minutes before running inside to get my girlfriend to come out as well and she also witnessed them. We saw the giant ship together, followed by more of the single lights. This continued on for over 10 minutes before some cloud cover overhead made the lights and stars no longer visible. I tried to get video of it, but I only had my phone on me and the phone couldn't even make out the steady stars let alone the traveling lights. All that's on the video is audio of my girlfriend and I talking about w! hat we saw. Who knows how long this was happening before I saw! it, but I did not see the beginning nor the end of these mysterious UFO's/Lights flying across the sky. It looked something like a fleet arriving one by one from hyper space if you will. Like straight out of Star Wars. And it was at a steady random pace, every time I thought it was the end, I'd see a few more appear and then more! Once the cloud covered the event, I had to drive my girlfriend to the bus stop to get her bus to the city. We tried to see more on the drive but the clouds had taken up the sky. The sun then came up and haven't been able to see anything else. I contacted the FAA through an email with the same details from this report. I can let you know if I hear anything from them, and feel free to call or email me with any questions. Thank you.;41.1087;-75.4728
