Stationary flashing colors of light behind mist appearing in night sky right above highway very large!;1996-02-01 22:00:00;Unknown;Stationary flashing colors of light behind mist appearing in night sky right above highway very large! I am not 100% sure about the dates but it was winter in 1996 and I was visiting my then boyfriend in Silver Springs Maryland.   It was night time and a very clear and cold night.  I was driving towards the Washington Beltway 495 heading home to my house with my boyfriend traveling to Pennsylvania.   Before we reached the beltway some 2 miles away in the distance my boyfriend and I saw an enormous flash in the sky.  Almost like lightning but hovering by the horizon.  I said did you see that? It was like lightning!  He said he did see it.   I didn't think too much about it and we finally arrived on the beltway.  We were coming up on the Mormon Temple in Kensington. The massive temple with the white spires and trumpeter and I noticed the lights were off (which I never have seen that before as the lights are always on) I thought to myself that was the flash we saw!   I said to my boyfriend, Thats what that flash was the Temple lights ble... I didnt even finish my sentance when right above us there were these fast flashing lights that flashed red, blue, green, yellow, purple, just poof poof poof poof poof...  It was stationary, no sound that I could tell but we were in the car, but being that it was so close if it were a helicopter or plane it would've been close enough to hear it even on the highway. There was a mist or something in front of whatever it was so we could not make out an outline of a craft, but whatever it was it was huge!   My boyfriend (a skeptic in all senses of the word) was gaping at it with his mouth open and he stated Now that IS WIERD!   Mostly all of the cars in front of me put on their brakes (not stopping totally mind you its a very busy highway) but you could tell everyone noticed.  It was so incredibly strange.  I dont know how long it lasted as I could not stop to find out since I was on the highway.   I did see these types of lights once more by my house in Pennsylvania about a year later.  It was Very late and I noticed off towards my left side the same exact lights flashing red, blue, yellow, green, purple, just over and over very quickly and again you could not see a craft and it was stationary and there was this weird mist in front of it.  There was a person in front of me that saw the craft as well and he slammed on his gas and took off... and I quickly followed suit!!!  It was very unnerving and eerie.   I am being 100% honest here and wasnt exactly sure about reporting it...but I really wanted to tell my story.  The weird thing is ... my (now husband) refuses to even admit that he saw anything and also swears he said nothing that night.  Which I think scares me even more than seeing the lights at all being that we talked about it for an hour or so afterwards.  Strange. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.0339;-77.083
We saw a light moving soundlessly in an erratic pattern and at varying speeds.;2001-11-26 21:10:00;:20-:30;We saw a light moving soundlessly in an erratic pattern and at varying speeds. My wife and I were walking our dog at about 9:10 p.m. on Nov. 26, about 1/2 an hour earlier than normal but on the route I normally follow.  I'm usually alone on the walk and  frequently notice a satellite, about 20 degrees above the horizon, crossing east to west. Both of us saw a spot of light near the path of the satellite I normally see, but insead of moving east to west it was moving in what seemed a straight line from the southeast toward the northwest. We observed this flight for about 10 seconds and then saw the light make a near u-turn to head back toward the southeast. At this time it's movement became herky-jerky, seeming almost to stop and then speed up. The light then altered direction moving almost due east and behind a loud bank. Just before disappearing, I thought the single point of light split becoming two lights heading in the same path. My wife did not see this.  My eyes are better than my wife's but the two lights were visible only briefly. No sound was associated with the event.;39.0339;-77.083
Four twirling lights seen.  ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights, we suspect.  PD));2008-12-09 06:42:00;10 minutes so far;Four twirling lights seen. There is a strange show of lights above the Kensington/Olney area in Maryland, 6:42 PM Tuesday December 9, 2008.   There is a complete cloud cover.   There are four lights.  They move apart, then rotate, then come back together again.  Not too fast about a second for a cycle.  They appear like search lights playing up to the clouds, but the point at which they are farthest apart the lights stretch into ovals as though they were lighted only a little bit below.  They get more intense then..;39.0339;-77.083
