1/4 moon-like,  its 'chord' or flat side parallel to horizon,  bright orange-red glow,  completely silent, no features.;1979-10-10 00:00:00;15 minutes;1/4 moon-like,  its 'chord' or flat side parallel to horizon,  bright orange-red glow,  completely silent, no features. My wife & I were returning home from a late Sunday doubles tennis match at our local indoor club (Cross-Court Inc) near midnight on New Hackensack Road in the town of Poughkeepsie, NY, proceeding W,  with no other cars on the road at that time since on a Sunday night almost everything is closed in the town.    I then noticed in the SW direction that a fairly bright and large '1/4 moon' was visible, but was kind of 'odd-looking' in that it was featureless and had a bright orange-red 'glow' in a very overcast sky with no stars visible at all that night.   It just didn't look right at all   so I pulled my car off the road along the road's shoulder to look at the object further.  We even got out of the car and crossed the road near a field to look at it further.  Then all of a sudden, the '1/4 moon' began to rotate itself slowly so that its flat part was then completely aligned up with the horizon.   The object then started to move slowly across the sky from the SW to SE, and in complete silence.    At this point my wife and I truly began to feel scared and at risk and decided that we ought to return to our car.  Furthermore we agreed that if it looked like the object was about to head in our direction, that we would quickly get out of there and make a run for it!!!   However, the object completely stopped in the sky and then began to retreat from us, faster, and faster and faster, until it reduced its size to a pinpoint of light and then eventually disappeared.    I contacted the local police, the state police, and the local airport to report the incident but they had no corroborating evidence.  Finally I contacted Mr. Hyneck (who was the Air Force Blue Book director at that time) who gave us forms to fill out and mail in to him.   My wife and I indepedently filled out the forms and then compared our observations.  We both,  as common eye-witnesses of this same event, described the event independently and found that our descriptions, regarding the facts and details,  were also in perfect agreement with each other.  Interestingly enough, a check on the position of the moon on the next night showed that the moon was located in the NW,  NOT in the original SW location of the object when first observed.  And this time also the moon looked its normal self.  We never again ever saw such a sighting as the above.  In the past, as a Ph.D. scientist, I had always treated news on UFO sightings as mere illusions, mistakened observations, overly eager people, or plain hysteria, or combination of all of the above.   After this eye-witness sighting above, seen together with my wife right by my side (which also remains fresh in our memories after all of these years),  I am now NOT so skeptical or cynical about ufos's  and also have no logical explanation whatsoever regarding the event .....  other then that it occurred exactly as related above. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));41.7004169590644;-73.8936413255366
V-shaped formation on Vassar College campus;1989-03-01 20:00:00;1 minute;V-shaped formation on Vassar College campus The month and the time listed are approximate.  I was walking across the Vassar College campus from my residence, Davison Hall, to a music rehearsal in the Main Building.  I first saw the V-shape formation of lights as I was walking near the Strong residence hall toward the Main Building.  It was nighttime and dark outside.  I'm guessing it was between 8pm and 9pm, possibly later.  It was a very clear night.  I just happened to look up and see a V-shape of white lights moving slowly and silently across the sky in formation.  There must have been at least 9 or 10 lights total.  I'm guessing they were about half a mile up, maybe less, maybe more.  I remember trying to tick off the possibilities and really coming up blank as to what I was seeing.  Birds?  No, the shapes were moving too slowly and precisely, and they were lit up.  Planes?  No, there was no noise and no other light.  Helicopters?   Again, not enough noise and lights, and the formation and the movement was too slow and precise.   I thought perhaps it was a military exercise of some sort.  I did not see a wedge shape above the lights or anything to indicate that they were attached to a! larger craft.  They seemed separate, but all moving at the exact same rate of speed.  Some of the lights would trade places from one side of the formation to the other and then continue as before, which struck me as very odd.  When this movement occurred, the lights moved at the exact same rate of speed as when flying in the V-shape formation.  The lights continued moving over the Main Building and disappeared from view within about a minute.  There were other witnesses - I estimate that there were at least five other students looking up at the lights.  Some of them commented out loud about what they were seeing, standing in the street in front of the Strong residence hall.  After doing some research, I believe that what I witnessed was part of the Hudson Valley wave of sightings in the 1980s, as described and illustrated recently in Leslie Kean's book, UFOs. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.7004169590644;-73.8936413255366
While standing on the deck of my home, I happened to look up to the NE and saw a large chevron/boomerang object moving from the north t;1999-12-25 19:30:00;30-35 sec.;While standing on the deck of my home, I happened to look up to the NE and saw a large chevron/boomerang object moving from the north to south making no sound.... At 1930 Christmas night I was on my the deck of my home using a brand new telescope I had recieved that day.  The weather was partly overcast at that time with a cloud ceiling of approximately 2,000-3,00 ft.  I looked to the NE and saw a large chevron/boomerang shape moving slowly under the cloud layer.  At first I thought it was an airplane but this object had no fuselage or tail.  I watched for about 7 sec. and stuck my head in the kitchen door and called a friend outside to try to get another point of view.  She came out and I asked her if she saw the object or heard any sound.  At this time the object was passing overhead at about a 15 degree angle.  She could not see it, I supposed because her eyes were not yet accustomed to the light.  I continued to observe and I got a real good look at it.  There was no moon to the south/east/north so it was not a shadow.  I could not see a defined leading edge of the wing, it looked so black and impossibly thin.  It almost reminded me of smoke.  I kind of thought it was a flock of geese, but it did not change shape.  As I continued looking I could see the faded orange glow of the Poughkeepsie Galleria mall lights along the rear edge.  I could see surface texture so the object was not smooth.  The orange glow was jagged, and there was a small squarish bump on the right side.  The craft still made no noise.  I continued to study the object untill it dissapeared from view in the treeline.  I estimate the size of the object to be approximately 200 to 300 feet wide from tip to tip.  It was flying just under the clouds and looked to be flying under 100 mph.  I still havent figured this one out.  No drinking or drugs were involved.;41.7004169590644;-73.8936413255366
Very faint, reddish, V shaped object observed 20 seconds.;2008-10-23 23:00:00;20 seconds;Very faint, reddish, V shaped object observed 20 seconds. At about 11:00 pm, October 23, 2008, (tonight) I was outside of my house looking at stars debating whether to try some time lapse photography as the sky was fairly clear. Looking North, I noticed a very faint, red to pink colored V or chevron shaped object moving from North to South at about a 2 o’clock high position.  The arms of the V seemed one solid mass, as opposed to a string of lights. I held my hand out at arm’s length and the sides of the V measured just slightly less than my forefinger.  The shape was symmetrical, and the object did not change course or speed.  A very quiet whine was heard, low pitched, and barely audible, and in truth may have come from another source other than this object as there is a busy road not too far away.  The object seemed to be at a high altitude, and seemed very large. I purposely observed how stars were blotted out by its passing, and as it passed directly in line of sight to the star cluster commonly called the Seven Sisters, I could see that there was no central structure, but one of the object’s side legs did completely blot out the stars of this cluster as it passed. I observed the object for approximately 20 seconds until it passed out of sight.;41.7004169590644;-73.8936413255366
