Triangular craft descends alarmingly low over TX;2011-06-10 21:00:00;5 minutes;Triangular craft descends alarmingly low over TX 3 members of my family and I were sitting in our backyard when we noticed an object in the Northwestern sky.  We kept our eyes trained on it as it descended.  Strangely enough, it appeared to get lower and lower the more we acknowledged it's presence.   As it continued to descend we recognized it to be a triangular metallic craft having 3 white lights affixed to each of its corners.  And here is where it gets really bizarre.   The craft continued to lose more and more altitude until it was eventually about 500 ,or less, feet above us.  It was DEFINITELY aware of our presence, and was at this altitude to, seemingly, get a closer view of us.  The natural outdoor lighting around this time wasn't optimal, so scant details of the craft's exterior were acquired. We could however make out that it was metallic.  The craft's lights were jarringly bright. It hovered, silently, above us at this altitude for about a minute and then silently disappeared( for lack of a better word).!  The craft exited at an out-of-this-world speed into the Northeastern sky.  We have seen strange lights in the corn-field behind our house for years, but no experience can equate to this encounter.  As bizarre as it may sound, members of my family claim to have experienced encounters of the fourth kind as well, resulting in possible implantation of seemingly metallic objects no larger than a centimeter.  Time loss (4 hours or more at a time) is also common among members of my family.  I'm sure these encounters are more common than people report or admit.  I decided to report this encounter for it simply changed my life.  I'm unsure of the craft's agenda, but they seem to be studying us (humans).  Throughout our lives we have had blurry experiences and tossed around conjecture.  This happened, and IS HAPPENING, beyond a doubt. (Everything here written is the truth, based solely on factual experiences.);32.5195;-96.8104999999998
