Saw circle of flames that then reduced size to single light,travelled quickly across the sky and was followed by military fighter plane;1997-05-10 23:00:00;3-5 min.;Saw circle of flames that then reduced size to single light,travelled quickly across the sky and was followed by military fighter plane. Driving home from work one night I saw a perfect circle of flames (but not extending past circles border) at what seemed to be approximately 300 yards away and the size of a helicopter.(my first thought was that it was a lunar eclipse,but you could very distincly make out the flames(almost pulsating)) I wanted to get to the place where it looked like it was hovering so I accelerated quickly and at the same time it all but disappeared to a small light and started travelling upwards towards me.When I reached the general area that I thought it would be,it was still rising.I couldn't tell exactly how far away it was at this point(1-10 miles or more?),but I realized that the farther away it was,the bigger it was.The original circle was  obviously at least half a mile or more in diameter from the distance it seemed to be. I had opened my sunroof and killed the engine to try to hear something,but it was silent.It went directly over me and to the opposite horizon,over downtown Ft.Worth and disappeared into the clouds.At this same moment,a military fighter plane flew directly over my head and followed the object into the clouds.I can't say WHAT this craft was except that it wasn't like anything I have ever seen before or since.I have become alot more aware of lights in the skies at night and it is not unusual to see something strange,but this is the only time I could rule out ANY NORMAL aircraft.This is within fifteen miles from where Carswell AFB used to beand maybe 30 miles from Aurora,TX, the location of the 'alleged' Aurora Encounter that was made into a movie. I have not seen other discriptions like what I saw(flaming circle),but am curious if anyone else has seen anything similar.Please email if this sounds at all familiar.;32.9074;-97.5321999999999
Possible sighting North of Stephenville TX;2008-01-08 23:30:00;3-4 minutes;Possible sighting North of Stephenville TX As I was going to sleep the other night, I saw something in the distance, I'm in rural parker county and this object was in the distance to the northeast of my home.  It was a round object and was encircled with white lights and red lights, which seemed to change, at once glance it was red, the next glance it was white. there is a large power transmission tower directly behind my home and it was to the left of that. It was unlike anything I'd ever seen before and it was moving away until it faded.  I didn't think too much about it until I learned of the reports of an object near Stephenville. I'm directly North of Stephenville as the crow flies, a pretty good distance, near the intersection of FM 1886 and FM 3325. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));32.9074;-97.5321999999999
