CIrcular object witnessed.;2003-05-29 21:45:00;aprox. 3 minutes;CIrcular object witnessed. I was hesitant to report the occurrences i have been witnessing, but after multiple sightings over the course of two months,  i am certain that what i am seeing is not and are not common events that i am mistakenly misidentifying.  Before i report on tonight's sighting i will describe 2 other sightings that i witnessed last month that were similar to tonight's.    The first event occurred on April 7th 2003 at approximately 4:30 am (EST) I noticed an unusually bright, white glow coming from the area of the nuclear Site, as i watched for several minutes i saw what i can only describe as an extremely large disc shaped object rise quickly from the trees. This was perhaps less than a mile away from where i was at the time.  At this point it was only dimly lit but when it reached an altitude of what i guess would be about one thousand feet it became extremely bright white, almost silver in color, and hovered for a few seconds, then shot straight up into the sky.  I cannot even guess its' speed or altitude at that point.  It then traveled in an arc, heading almost due south until i lost sight of it.  I waited and watched for several minutes, and to my surprise i saw it again, but this time it traveled south to north.  Again, i am unable to estimate its altitude or speed, but it only took the object about 5 seconds to travel from horizon to horizon.  The second sighting i had was almost exactly the same in detail as the first, but it took place on April 23rd and at roughly the same time and place. Tonight i was out sky watching when this sighting took place.  It was 9:45 PM (EST) in the evening.  The object was circular in shape, and brightly illuminated in white to silver.  When i first saw it i thought it was just an extremely bright star.  It was just above the tree line.  It slowly started moving higher up and across the sky.  This time it was traveling from south to north.  I ran in and got my binoculars and by the time i got back outside the object was near the center of the sky.  It's travel was erratic to say the least.  It would start out with a zigzag motion then pause a second, then resume it's flight in a slight arc.  When i had the object in focus i could see that it was changing color and shape.  It would shift from silver white to orange then to blue and back to silver white.  What i was able to make out quite clearly was the fact that every time it shifted color it would also shift from a circular shape to an oval shape and then back.  It must have taken about 3 minutes to traverse the sky.  When it reached the tree line something appeared to separate from it and speed back across the sky in the opposite direction it had just traveled.  The object appeared to originate near the area of the nuclear Site. I have witnessed other sightings in the area, but these are the most significant. I can only speculate as to what they are. I am an engineer and am familiar with conventional aircraft, these are in no way conventional. Unfortunately the photographic equipment i have is rather limited.  I have attempted to get pictures of some of the objects using my digital but am unable to capture any useable images to date.  I have some short bits of footage on the camcorder but it too is not of a quality that would be of any use.;33.4132;-81.6937
