Two lights merge together due south thenproceed rapidly to the southwest where theydisappear at the horizon;1997-04-17 20:23:00;1 minute;Summary : Two lights merge together due south then proceed rapidly to the southwest where they disappear at the horizon I was driving home, when I looked out my left window and saw two bright white lights,at about 70 degrees in the sky and quite high. In a couple of seconds, they merged together from their side-by-side formation in a curved V-shaped movement. The resulting light moved southwest at an amazing rate,where it disappeared beneath the horizon. I'd say it moved from 70 degrees to 0 degreesin 20 seconds.;35.1519;-90.1774
IT SHOT STRAIGHT UP!!;2000-02-15 23:00:00;10 seconds;My husband and I were on our way home from a concert at the Pyramid in Memphis.   We were just about to stop for gas and a snack when we saw this unbelievably bright light in the sky.  We were both looking at it - neither of us really thinking or saying anything about it.   We thought it was a light from an airplane or something. The light from it was so bright that you couldn't help but notice it.  I was just about to ask my husband what he thought it was....but before I could get hte words out of my mouth, the thing shot STRAIGHT up and VANISHED!! We both said at the same time DID YOU SEE THAT??!!   I mean it SHOT STRAIGHT up!!  Never seen anything like it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));35.1519;-90.1774
I small star like object moved and changed directions several time for a total of two hours;2010-05-26 22:00:00;Two hours;I small star like object moved and changed directions several time for a total of two hours At approximately 22:00 hours my girlfriend and I went out to our back porch with our dog.  It was a clear night sky so we decided to pull out a couple of chairs in the back lawn and chat while the dog did what dogs do outside.  Within five minutes of looking at the night sky I noticed what appeared to be a satellite or a plane at a very high altitude moving steadily across the sky.  The object appeared almost indistinguishable from a star except for the fact that it was moving.  I turned to my girlfriend to ask her which one she thought it was and when we both stared back at the moving light it was sitting in the night sky stationary.  I was immediately a little spooked because I was unaware of any plane, satellite, or other flying object that was capable of moving and then coming to a complete stop.  My girlfriend thought I was just seeing things but I convinced her to keep an eye on for a few minutes.  It is important to note that the light that was moving! was now sitting still at about an arms length distance, from my vantage point, of a small bright star.  We watched the object for what seemed to be five to seven minutes, and just when I convinced myself that I was just seeing things the object clearly moved another arms length distance north of its current position.  My girlfriend confirmed this movement and as we were talking about what it could be the object quickly moved east of its position.  The object started at a six o’clock position, in relation to the small star near it, and when it became stationary again it was hovering at about a ten o’clock position from the star.  We were so intrigued by what this could be that we watched the object for a total of two hours.  Within this two hour time period, the object made several more movements, displayed a red tint at times, and changed the level of brightness it was emitting several times.;35.1519;-90.1774
