While walking with two friends in single file. First in line stopped and said something to second friend who was also second in line wi;1993-07-12 23:30:00;20-30 sec.;While walking with two friends in single file. First in line stopped and said something to second friend who was also second in line with myself following in rear. Second friend turned to me and said to look up. As I did I saw three objects moving very fast over head. At which point I immediately said, Those are UFO's! On the night of July 12, 1993, at 11:30PM, myself and two friends left my house in downtown Niagara Falls to travel by foot approximately 6 blocks in a northerly direction. While transiting between two fairly large buildings (4-8 stories) and traveling through a gravel parking lot single file, my first friend turned to my second friend, who was also second in line and said something, all while keeping pace and in step. After about one more step, my second friend, the one second in line, turned to me and said to look up, at which point I did. I immediately said, THOSE ARE UFO'S!.  I have been involved since my teenage years with aircraft. I used to wash airplanes for rides at the local airport. I've had the opportunity to fly in just about any and every type of aircraft imaginable, from hot air balloons over Niagara Falls to flying sailplanes around Pike's Peak. I have flown in acrobatic biplanes, helicopters and in general I am familiar with most modern and historic aircraft and their flight capabilities. What I and my friends saw at the time of the incident was unlike anything I/we had ever witnessed conventional aircraft do. Both friends have at least some form of familiarity with aircraft simular to my own. When I looked overhead, what I saw was three objects traveling in a northerly heading, from S.W. to N.E. at a relatively high altitude. 5,000 feet + and very fast speed. The speed was very fast for the altitude, as aircraft appear to the eye to move more slowly, the higher the altitude. There was no sound, either direct to ground or doppler effect. The three lights (at the aft portion of craft, as they traveled away) appeared to be a singular circular white glow, with a pink tinge encirling the circle of white light. As we were watching the three lights speed across the night sky, the object on the left, #1, broke off to the left, or west, at about 20 degrees from the other two. Just prior to this break-off, the other two craft, #2 and #3, oscillated in and out in a sort of bump manueavor. It was at that point that the #1 craft changed course and started to vere left and upward into the sky. All three objects then began to race upward and outward away from the earth and disappear with one craft on the right, #3 remaining for a moment longer and then too disappeared upward and away from the earth. The two aerodynamic annomalies that struck all of us were the craft's ability to rapidly move side to side and their upward arc away from the earth, as opposed to following the earth contour, horizon to horizon, as you would expect normal aircraft to do. Duration of the incident was about 20-30 seconds.;43.1105341891894;-79.0361274324332
6 orange lights in formation seen flying north along the Niagara River over the falls at extreme speed;2012-03-14 23:15:00;10 seconds;6 orange lights in formation seen flying north along the Niagara River over the falls at extreme speed watching sky.  saw 3 small orange balls in triangle formation moving quickly south to north along the path of the Niagara River.  Ahead and to the right of the inverted V formation was a 4th light but it was too far away to be part of a normal aircraft.  No sounds were heard during event.  WELL behind the other 4 lights were 2 lights side by side.  Far enough behind to be evident to not be a part of the main formation unless whatever I saw was huge.   from mid sky to the end of my visual horizon was about 6 seconds for them to move. That would be faster then any jet assuming they were at a similar altitude.  Lights did not blink or flash nor have any trail to them.  Formation did not change NOR did it change aspect as if it were part of a single craft;43.1105341891894;-79.0361274324332
