This very delayed report is the result of just finding your site as received a link from a friend.;1979-07-18 21:00:00;2 hours;This very delayed report is the result of just finding your site as received a link from a friend. Let me preface this with an observation. There was a major documentary in the 80's on one of the tree big network hosted by one of the Primetime anchorman. One of the subjects was the Air Force Report called Project Bluebook. I recall an Air Force spokesman saying in an interview that the entire U.S. is covered in Radar put in place for ABM and bomber defense, and if there really were UFOs they would have shown up on radar. By some coincidence the Air Force code name for the Top Secret  project to develop Stealth Bombers and fighters was named Have Blue. Due to the length of time I am not sure of the exact date, the only thing I recall for sure is that it was the week prior to the weekend Air Show at the Niagara Falls Air Force Base where either the Thunderbirds or the Blue Angels were appearing.  As it turns out the Real show was to begin much earlier. I was traveling on Ridge Road which is on the escarpment in Lewiston, New York.  This ridge was formed by glaciers and is where Niagara Falls started.  The Ridge Road is very near the U.S. and Canadian Power Plants which has seen a host of sightings and also Lake Ontario where at least one Air Force jet was lost chasing UFOs (or trying to. While driving down the road I saw numerous people out in their yards looking up into the Sky.  I stopped at one house and asked directions.  After getting the directions I asked why they were outside.  The father answered that they were just enjoying the nice weather, apparently not wanting to appear to be nuts. I proceeded down to my friends, friend’s house to find them out in the yard as well. I asked what was going on and they said that you have to see this.  They pointed to some light in the sky that appeared to me to be just stars.  I said So? They told me to keep my eye on them.  All of a sudden one of the lights started from a dead stop to well beyond the speed of sound, but with no noise, and then proceeded to make 90 degree turns.  Sometimes there would be two or three moving in formation or by themselves. Most of the time these lights just looked like bright stars but occasionally they would pulse and while they were predominately white they would they would sometimes have a blue or green tint.  Another strange effect is that while watching one it would suddenly withdraw slowly up until it was out of sight. Since I belonged to the Civil Air Patrol I had the phone number for the Tower at the Niagara Falls  Air Base.  We called the tower and asked if anyone had reported an strange lights?  He said Where are they now?  He said that he could report them but they are pretty common and they are harmless.  But he agreed that tonight’s show was more impressive and much bolder than most.  He said that he doubted that they would scramble any planes as they had lost some before, not from being attacked so much as blacking out or pushing the planes or themselves past what they were capable of in the trhill of the pursuit. About 20 minutes later though  some jets appeared and chased the light around making a lot of noise.  It was pretty amusing as the light seem to be playing with them able to travel 10-20 times as fast, hover and turning at impossible oblique angles.  It was a very weird feeling that something was out there just a few miles away and it sure wasn't meteors, weather balloons, reflections, or Northern lights all of which we had seen plenty of times before. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));43.1105341891894;-79.0361274324332
Glowing red orb travels across the sky and splits into two orbs after dropping a first white orb.;2015-04-16 23:20:00;20 seconds;Glowing red orb travels across the sky and splits into two orbs after dropping a first white orb. Light resembling red road flare, slightly flickering, travelling north and meandering. No FAA light, headlights or wing lights.  Suddenly dropped a faint white light that disappeared within one second then approximately ten seconds later, directly overhead, split into two separate lights, one white, one red, which cruised alongside each other for maybe two seconds before switching color and intensity with each other.   Then the white one (original red light) disappeared and the new red light continued north northeast for a few more seconds before fading and disappearing completely.  Absolutely no sound. Weather calm, slight rain and low clouds.  Light may have gone behind clouds. Altitude seemed that of a cruising single prop plane or lower.  I am a keen outdoors man whom trusts his senses and have not drank alcohol or taken any medication of any kind.  Airplanes are common and recognizable in this area as there is a public international airport and Air Force base close by.  This light/object approached from the west of these air installations and traveled over the south edge of NY power reservoir before sighting ended.  Not the first time I've seen unusual lights in this area but this was worth mentioning.  My description does not convey how scary this was.;43.1105341891894;-79.0361274324332
