It was a stationary, hovering globe of light that illuminated the night sky.;2011-02-12 05:30:00;1 minute;It was a stationary, hovering globe of light that illuminated the night sky. It was an early drive home on Route 62 heading towards Niagara Falls, just entering the actual city line. From the position I was in, the Internationtal Niagara Falls Airport was on my right and was already passing the actual gated airfield, but not as far as seeing the entrance to the actual Airport which was a quarter of a mile the least from the time I noticed the UFO.  I was tired and alone on the road also known as Niagara Falls Blvd,  the UFO went unnoticed as I honestly thought it was simply the moon.  That moment I remembered it was winter and snowing an there was no possibility of being able to see the moon with no clouds moving in front of it, because it was almost like the light of a flash light.  I almost lost track driving because of the shock and awe of what I was seeing. I had to slow down, to about 10 miles an hour extending the ride to the cross section where it intercepts with the entrance to the airport, where I knew I would lose visibility because of the bend in the road.  It did not move, there is a gas station on that same intersection, and it appeared to be high above it, but further out as If it were miles away, just a the sun or moon would appear.  I thought it was a plane but it was stationary and simply hovered.  Just before I lost sight of the UFO it simply disappeared in the blink of an eye, but there was no proof it was moving as I slowed my vehicle down I simply got closer and closer to it, contrary to if it were a moving plane or jet.  The sphere of light appeared to be the size the moon would appear in the night sky, this object was too radiant to be a source of natural light, it was a strong almost glare in the shape of a sphere, I could'nt make out any colors or definite shape for it seemed to be consumed in light. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.1105341891894;-79.0361274324332
