I think it could have been a meteor but my partner thought it could have been a UFO  it was very bright and traveled across the sky smo;2004-05-07 02:05:00;forty seconds;I think it could have been a meteor but my partner thought it could have been a UFO  it was very bright and traveled across the sky smoothly and at an angle of about 10degrees nearly flying diectly over our heads. it was at a 70to80degree height as we were looking at it. it was very bright and it seemed to waver a bit as it was going out of sight, this is what made me think it was burning out but it was moving very fast and could have simple been disappearing from our sight ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witnesses may have been looking at a satellite, but that is only a guess.  PD));34.2234134078213;-84.1378025139669
Saw 3 bright orange lights about 30 seconds apart in the same flight pattern.;2013-09-07 21:27:00;90 seconds;Saw 3 bright orange lights about 30 seconds apart in the same flight pattern. My friend and i were sitting outside and i noticed him look up to the sky so i looked up and saw something that looked to be as a plane but it seemed as if it was on fire, so 3 other people came out to look at it and not 30 seconds later another one passed but it seemed as if it was a lot closer.   After about 30 seconds later my step brother yelled out from the backyard saying, There's a third one so we all went to the back yard and there indeed was a third one that was following the exact same flight pattern but this one was a lot closer than the others but we still couldn't make out the shape.  After all the objects got to a certain distance the color went from orange to blue and white and then disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.2234134078213;-84.1378025139669
Small fiery trail traveling very slowly at very low altitude;2014-05-15 21:40:00;10 seconds;Small fiery trail traveling very slowly at very low altitude Driving east/northeast along Hwy 9, my wife and I both noticed a small fiery trail heading due west around 9:40 pm EST on 5/15/14.   As it passed behind the trees to the left of the road, we slowed down and could still see the trail heading away behind the trees.   Object seemed too low and slow to be a meteor.  It seemed close.  No lights whatsoever on it, so we ruled out a plane.   Honestly, the only thing that seems to fit the bill is maybe a rocket or drone.   It caught my attention and my wife’s attention immediately.   The altitude, velocity, and visual appearance were unlike anything we had ever seen in a suburban area.   The object flew in a direct line and did not change course whatsoever.;34.2234134078213;-84.1378025139669
((HOAX??))  Abduction.  ((NUFORC Note:  We unsuccessfully attempted to contact the source of report, to confirm authenticity.  PD));2019-06-18 00:00:00;90 minutes;Back on June 18 My friend and I at my house alone in Cumming , Ga Experienced a alien encounter and abduction. The 2 weeks prior to this event I had the feeling at my house which I live in alone with my dog and cat, that I was always being watched could and could never seem to catch the shadows/figures that seemed to be everywhere but no where in my house outside when I’d go look for something. I’d catch black figures and slight Shadows outside my windows in bushes. I’d see a white orbs floating around that were very clearly different from the fireflys out I’d see a white light floating behind one of roses Bushes. That night I had gone to the rest room my friend had let my dog off the back porch where she chased something that wasn’t there she proceeded to chase it til the start of the small section of woods that I had seen other Shadows had disappeared into.  When I walked out the door I heard my dog growling at something that neither of us could see at that moment my friend! looked over at me and said you have aliens walking down to her she had all the hair standing up on her body and when I gave the command to go track or find what ever. Peering into the woods not seeing my dog or anything we heard a shuffle in the fallen leaves then what seemed to be a high pitch screech high and louder than a jet engine would sound. After we went inside and tried just watching some tv and hang out from then on it sounded like little pebbles or something was tapping the side of my house and windows.  About 30 minutes later I went on my back porch to put some clothes in the dryer while in the laundry room my friend standing on the back deck starts insisting we need to get inside now seeing floating orbs floating around and a distant figure standing on the edge of the woods only being able to see its shape. We proceed to inside and from there it got even worse. My friend got the vibe and feeling that he didn’t wanna sleep on my couch. So I let him crash in my b! ed with me after turning out the lights and tv the whole house! seeming ly started vibrating the sounds of things hitting off my house became more intense the glasses in the kitchen vibrating we can both hear them in the cabinet. Sounds of languages and conversations that we could not understand start happening. Bumps and bangs in the back of my house where nothing was on and locked off from my animals through the night. My dog laying in bed with us seemed to start to growl then just stop like something calmed her. My cat popped in for a second said hi instead of sleeping on his bed in my room he left. After that I tried to sleep and my friend said he was going to try and mediate after that I can slighty remember not being able to move and a white light peering through my closed eyelids. The flickering of figures filling in around until at the same time me and my friend both popped up and when the lights came on we both had looks of sensory overload like someone just hit a reset on our Brains both in a what the fuck just happened look we tried t! o go to sleep with the lights on where the same thing happened. Until we both arose again at the same time looked at each other and said we need to get the fuck out now. Backing out of my driveway we both seemingly picked out a figure with some sort of owlish face standing in the woods. We left the house for the night. My friend went to a person who is open about this sort of things she took him to a spiritual cleanser she heard the story and said that it was out of her league. After meeting up the day after we both seemed to have IV prick marks on our arms in the same locations. Bruises and scratches and he had a mark on his side that looks like a medical device poked implanted something. Just seeing what the community has to say or what might be recommended. Sent from my iPhone;34.2234134078213;-84.1378025139669
