Bright diamond shaped moving object with a bright beam of light.;2012-11-16 18:54:00;7-8 seconds;Bright diamond shaped moving object with a bright beam of light. Hello. My friend and I were driving to her house tonight and we saw something that looked like some kind of UFO. This is the first time I’ve experienced this, so I didn’t think to take any pictures.  It was a large, diamond shaped bright light in the sky.  It was pretty high up, but we were on Jacksonville Road in Homer City, PA, and its wide open fields for miles. When we first spotted it, we just thought it was the North Star, but as we kept looking at it, it got larger and brighter. It also shot a very bright light into a field, and also on the tree tops.  It wasn’t moving at all at first, but as we kept driving it started moving away from us.  That’s when we drove a little faster around this bend, to find it completely vanished out of the sky.  We looked for it the whole way home, but we never saw it again. From the time we first spotted it, to the time it disappeared, it was only about 7-8 seconds.  I’ve never seen anything like that before and my friend and I would really like to figure out what we have just seen in the sky. Thank you.;40.5245;-79.0843
Bright diamond shaped object with a beam of light.;2012-11-16 18:54:00;<7 seconds;Bright diamond shaped object with a beam of light. Hi, I saw what I believe to be a ufo of some sort while driving with my friend down Jacksonville Road in Homer City Pa.  What we saw was what we thought to be a very bright star, but then we realized it got bigger and brighter and it moved a little.  We stopped driving for a little while to look at it. Then it moved and a beam of light came down from it into a field and trees and we hurried up and went around a bend to get a better look. When we got around the bend I saw it shoot off and it was gone. It only lasted for about 7 seconds max and we kept looking into the sky for it but we did not see anything even remotely like it in the sky anymore.;40.5245;-79.0843
