3 bright lights that moved and changed shapes and colors, and appeard to be checking us out;2005-05-21 02:20:00;30-40 minutes;3 bright lights that moved and changed shapes and colors, and appeard to be checking us out in the early monring hours, under a serious tropical rain, my girlfriend were sitting in the hot-tub. the rain subsided just enough, and we were finally able to open our eyes, as the rain had been so hard that we literally could not open our eyes or it felt like someone shooting a hose in your face.   Once the rain died down, we got to kissing and somewhat fooling around. That's when I noticed an unusual light above the treetops from a forest area that borders my property (approx. 50 ft above ground and approx 100 yards away).  I pointed it out to her, and she did not realize that a light coming from that area was strange, she thought it was like a reflection of our lanai (porch) lights reflection off something up there. I said, no...not possible.   We got out and walked closer, and proceeded to see this light change colors, from red to blue, to bright white.  We were blown away by what we saw, and watched it for about 3-5 minutes.   Then we went away from it for a little while, when we did, she saw it move back into her sight at an alarming speed (she freeked out), and she hollered at me to come see.   I could not see it where she said it took off to, but she said it didn't move that far, and only moved to continue to check us out.  So we went back to the side of the house that allowed the best view, and I watched for about 30 seconds the area behind the trees that she said it moved to, and sure enough, it re-appeared as a dim light.   Then, in the original spot that we first saw it, two other lights appeared.  It was very hard to judge shape or size, however it did appear that they were changing shape, and they definately were changing color.   As the other two appeared, ALL 3 got really bright simultaneously.  We were dumbfounded, as neither or us has encountered anything strange before and frankly were skeptical of this type of stuff.  The main light, the one that had moved, also appeared to have dancing white smaller lights around it.   All in all, they were around for about a half hour to 45 minutes.  I did not even think to grab my camera, as I was so overwhelmed by what I was witnessing.   It truly seemed to both of us that they were watching us, and somewhat using the treetops as cover, however when we went to the side of the house that they were near, the would like re-appear and even get brighter, changing from red to blue to white to bright white.   I would have heard aircraft, as it is really quiet where I live, and the fact that she saw it move super fast and then we saw three proves to me we saw something out of this world.   The objects appeared to change shapes, and one of them even kinda burned like a flair for a short time (a minute or so), but would then change to blue and white.   They or it did seem to be checking us out, and maybe it could sense our body heat and/or the heat from the hot-tub.  ???;19.6103;-155.9176
