On 4/1/08 at 05:30 I saw three objects with very intense bright white strobes over  Homer Glen Illinois.;2008-04-01 05:30:00;3-4 Minutes;On 4/1/08 at 05:30 I saw three objects with very intense bright white strobes over  Homer Glen Illinois. I was getting on Toll way I-355 north, from west bound Route 6 in New Lenox. I noticed the strobes while on the ramp and watched them for the next several miles (minutes) as I headed north on I-355. The objects were northwest from the Toll way and about 15 to 20 degrees above the horizon. The weather was dry but overcast, I have no idea what the ceiling was at the time. The three objects appeared to be identical in the fact that all three had the same varying intensity, and frequency of the strobe effect, but the objects were not in sync with each other. Since they were identical in brightness and appearance I assume they were of the same size and distance from me. There was also many strobes on each object with some slightly more intense than others, making each object look like a continuous varying strobe. There were no other lights, no red or green or landing lights, no steady lights of any kind, just very white intense strobes. I could not see any discernable shape of an object or objects, or tell how many strobes there were per object since the strobes on each object were very close to each other. My best description is each object was like a cluster of tightly packed, very intense strobe lights. The objects also appeared to interact with each other, meaning as one moved another would follow. This dance went on for a minute or two. Then while two of them were more or less stationary the third one headed away then quickly, amazingly quick, turned around and passed right between the other two and came to an abrupt stop shortly after passing them, making all three the same distance apart. Shortly after that maneuver the three objects got in a straight line with one another (north to south), were equidistant to each other, and appeared to be heading south (remember I’m heading north at 65+ MPH)  and then climbed away slowly at a 45 degree angle. At this point they were now due west of me. I never did see them enter the cloud deck or if they changed direction due to my vantage point while driving, and a strong desire to stay on the road. As they were climbing away the distance between them slowly increased but they were always equidistant to each other, as if in formation, and their appearance and strobe intensity although fading, remained constant between them. I am an aircraft technician and I am very familiar with various, not all, aircraft and helicopter lighting. I see airplanes almost everyday and night, going into and out of Chicago’s Midway and  O’Hare airports, and several smaller airports, as I travel over 100 miles roundtrip every day (or night) to and from work. I am very familiar with the traffic and holding patterns too. In fact I did see airplane traffic in their usual routes, north and east of my location (for the given wind direction at that time). These objects were not in that vicinity, they were alone. I am also aware that there was a Hotel fire in Lockport Illinois, to the south and west from were I witnessed these objects, and the local news teams did have their helicopters up covering it, but these objects were nowhere near that location. I have never seen helicopters with so many intense strobes. I have never seen helicopters or any other aircraft accelerate and decelerate in such a short distance(?) and time. And, I have never seen them “play” with each other for a lack of a better description, and depart in single file and climb at a 45 degree angle. I am not saying it couldn’t have been 3 identical aircraft or 3 identical helicopters playing cat and mouse in the predawn hours, all I’m saying is I have never witnessed anything like it in my 30 plus years in aviation.;41.6017;-87.9557
Sightings of 7 different objects in the night sky over Homer Glen, Illinois;2011-04-01 21:00:00;45 minutes;Sightings of 7 different objects in the night sky over Homer Glen, Illinois At approximately 9:00PM on Saturday (April 2, 2011), my wife had just taken the dog upstairs to go to bed and I was downstairs in the family room playing a video game before turning in myself when she came running down telling me that she sees “a UFO outside”. I immediately put the game on “pause” and followed her upstairs to our bedroom to see what she was talking about.  As she led me to the window of our walk-in closet (which faces north), she was telling me that, with the window partially open, she started hearing a lot of the neighborhood dogs barking so she got up to look and see what was going on.  As she looked out the window she heard a “crackling sound” (like fireworks) and looking north-eastward she saw what appeared to be some strange type of orange “firework” rising from beyond the tree line trailing white sparks down to the ground.  The orange ball, after shedding the white sparks, then moved slowly across the sky.  At which point she ran down to get me so I could see it. As I approached the window, I observed this orange glow in the sky moving slowly in a northerly direction.  As I looked at it more closely, I noticed the single orange glow appeared to be three smaller orange lights hanging beneath something I could not make out and then thought it would be good to try and get a picture of whatever it was.  I ran downstairs, grabbed my camera but by the time I got outside, the glowing orange ball had vanished. After things calmed down a bit, my wife proceeded to call her parents to tell them what happened while I returned to finish the video game I had postponed. No sooner than a few minutes later my wife ran back down the stairs saying, “It’s happening again!” So, for the second time, she heard the “crackling”, looked out the closet window and saw another orange glow, trailing white sparks appear in almost the exact same location as before. This time, by the time I ran outside with my camera, I again only saw the orange glow as it moved north and vanished attempting to take a picture of it but I was unable to focus on it.  I decided that I would prepare my video camera in the event it happened again because the digital camera couldn’t seem to focus on the object.. And, sure enough, it did happen again but this time, I got to see what my wife was trying to describe.  The orange glow was, indeed, trailing white sparks and there was the distinct sound of “fireworks” but what I noticed is that the sound was more of an electrical “pop”, than an explosive “pop”.  Also, the orange glow, once it shed its white sparks, did not burn out, fall back down or make any sound whatsoever as fireworks should do, this one also continued on a trajectory north as did the two prior orange balls which, again, slowly flew out of sight. (It should be noted that the wind was blowing from the west to the east, so these orange objects were flying in an angle, adjacent to the wind current.) Now, totally unsure of what I just saw I thought to myself, “if it happened three times, it can happen again” I loaded my video camera with fresh batteries, a blank tape, went outside and waited.  As I stood there with video in hand looking toward the north-east, expecting to hear the crackling and see the next odd-orange ball, I turned and looked west and was startled to see two orange balls, a great distance apart from each other, hovering in the night sky.  I quickly turned my camera on and tried to catch them on film they were very far apart and could not get them both in the frame and as I moved toward the back yard pointing the camera skyward and to the west, the orange glow lower to the horizon was already fading into the distance while the other, which was higher on the horizon, had already vanished. Frustrated, I began to make my way back around to the front of the house and as I turned the corner and stood in my driveway, I saw another orange glow over and passed my neighbor’s roof to the south moving north. This is the glow I caught on film for approximately 20 seconds. In the video, as it slowly moves north it appears to turn south slightly before it disappears. Before this is explained away as normal air traffic, I will say that there are planes that fly over all the time.  We may even be near an approach corridor for Midway however, being very aware of what planes do look because they fly by all the time and are seen in the sky around my house to the point where you are very familiar with typical aircraft, these objects/lights were not typical aircraft.;41.6017;-87.9557
