This is the second time I have reported a sighting. I called your within a week number. Left a message and got nothing back. I have cal;2021-08-31 00:00:00;20 minutes;This is the second time I have reported a sighting. I called your within a week number. Left a message and got nothing back.   ((NUFORC Note:  We did attempt to call the witness:  PD))I have called mucin both my region and country based. No one has returned a call text anything. I spend a lot of time outside. I have become aware of a phenomenon, it resembles stars and might be. As crazy as it sounds it seems they are aware of the fact that I am aware. To me this means something. Possibly they need help? Or they are going to take me. I have pictures videos!!!!! They won’t show up when sent. These things are a living thing of its own or an ai type of device. I also saw a deer and a coyote within an hour of the experience. I also heard animals in the field across from me and I am outside all night. I work with dogs for 10 years. Wasn’t bears there were to many in one spot they weren’t canine. And I’m no expert but it sounded like a language. It made me to believe that if there is a connection between these lights that ! I have had come towards me back away play in the sky to get my attention. Then I heard that and I was in the mindset it was an unknown animal lives in the clouds. Now idk maybe we don’t see whatever is lurking because they evolved a third eye you could say. It was confusing because my first incident when It was aware that we had eye contact you could say if I did anything to quickly if I got to excited it would back up. This is we’re I got animal from it obviously had fear and or the thing driving it has fear of losing it. I am just trying very hard to figure it out and I want to thank you and Mufon for letting me face it alone???? With multiple contacts. If you think I’m crazy then call me cand I’ll go to a doctor. Hey please I have videos pictures a bunch of stuff u just need to talk to someone who knows and understands. Thank you I didn’t follow your rules because Im not good at this stuff. But I’m not wasting anyone’s time.;42.6689;-71.5933999999998
