Yellow-Orange object in sky north of Baker California,  August 1994.;1994-08-10 22:40:00;3-5 minutes;Yellow-Orange object in sky north of Baker California,  August 1994. I was at NTC in Fort Irwin with the 2AD and 1st Calvary Div. I was a dismount in the Army 3-41st at the time and was 20 years old.  We had a fairly large perimeter we were guarding. There wasn't anything to do, but look at the stars. I was amazed at how many stars could be seen in the sky in the desert. I was watching airplanes, satelites in orbit and just star gazing.  I had been watching the sky for probably close to an hour before seeing this yellow-orange light moving across the sky at a consistant speed, not fast or anything that caught my eye.  I continued stargazing and watching other objects in the sky.  I was kind of tracking the objects seeing where they were going and what they were doing.  I was keeping track of a satelite an airplane and this other object which I thought was also an airplane.  I was looking at these three items when I couldn't find the yellow-orange light. It didn't flash like the other airplane I was watching and wondered where it had gone.  I thought I saw it in the sky but it was not moving.  The position I was facing was toward Baker California. The object was to the left of Baker, I have no idea of the distance. The desert is very deceiving about distance but Baker was atleast 20 miles away.  I focused my attention on the object and was about to dismiss it as the plane I had been watching when it moved. It made a series of movements and returned to the position I first saw it sitting stationary in. The first movement was side to side it moved left, then right past center, then left past center, then right past center, then returned to center. It then moved up and down starting in the position I first saw it in stationary.  It moved up, then down past center, then up past center, then down past center, then back to center. It then did what I would call a four leaf clover move.  What was strange about it, or what stuck in my head is it never took the same path during this move and returned to center. Between each of these moves it would return to center and pause for about a second to a second and a half.  By this time I am running toward another soldier in my squad that has a set of binoculars I wanted a better look at the object and also for someone else to see it besides me. The event was over before I made it to him.  The next two moves is what I couldn't believe. The object paused a little longer after the clover leaf move, maybe two seconds, then moved away from the ground in an arc towards the sky. The object appeared to be in the place I first saw it stationary and also where I would describe the edge of space at the same time. The yellowish-orange light was about 3 inches long and the same width and intensity as the object. The light caught up to the object in a fraction of a second. It then paused again for about 2 seconds and went out into space as far as I could see at a slight angle away from me. The light appeared to be wherever it was going and where it was at the same time again and then the light disappeared after it.  This sighting was so incredible that I believed I was seeing things. I started changing my mind when I saw seven helicopters come from behind and to the right of me, go the the area I saw the object, circle the area, then return where I saw them come from. I also felt relieved the next day when I ran into a guy from the first Calvary Div. that said he was lying on his tank and described the same thing I saw.;35.2609;-116.6962
