Delta shaped body glowing in a misty or foggy golden white light  flying above at a high rate of speed;2010-09-30 21:55:00;7 seconds;Delta shaped body glowing in a misty or foggy golden white light  flying above at a high rate of speed While walking southbound on a moonless but otherwise clear night at just about 10pm, I witnessed a triangular shape move rapidly from west to east above me at what would appear to be a very high rate of speed. Its east to west path would have been approximately 43° 19' 11 N / 87° 57' 11 W. Determining its elevation would be difficult but it was low enough to either reflect ground-based city light from its faceted edges or it was glowing a ghostly, almost mist-like low wattage line of bulbs the edge of the wings. The color of the light was a golden white. It was almost like watching a perfectly triangular shaped flock of white seagulls although there was no sound, no wing flapping and all were perfectly aligned like they were coasting in unison with wings outstretched. The shape of the bowtie-shaped facets were illuminated by something akin to the tiny bulb used in a nightlight which is about 7 watts. Birds would not have been 1) Silent, 2) Able to coast ! in perfect unison, and 3)have identical wing markings. I have reasonably ruled out birds flying in unison.  The object has been observed now three times each time moving from west to east around 9-10pm (21.00-22.00) Each time it appears to have a misty or foggy glow in light just barely brighter than a distant starlight. The first two observations I believed were due to some kind of reflection of a streetlight in my contact lens. Tonight, however, I saw it for about a full 7 seconds and watched it move across a greater portion of the sky overhead. Note that the city of Milwaukee is about 18 miles due south of the observed location which may have been the source of reflected light on the delta shape.  As someone who has traveled by air for over 30 years, I know aircraft pretty well. As a salesman to the U. S. military, I have been on bases around the U. S. and in Europe and have never seen anything resembling this object. I listened very carefully for sound trailing the path of the object but there was none. Once it reached a point about 40 degrees above the eastern horizon, it appeared to go black or it simply disappeared. As it disappeared the other two times I have observed it, too, it might be that its facets no longer reflect light back to the ground beyond a certain observed angle.;43.3214;-87.9495
