Flashing Lights and Spacecraft landed;1973-06-06 23:00:00;dont know;Flashing Lights and Spacecraft landed The incident I am going to tell you about occurred  in 1973.  I was living in Brockton Massachusetts and I had an only child--ten years old at the time..and  I was living in an apartment complex in a small one bedroom apartment.  It was somewhere between 10 and 11 at night and I was watching television in my livingroom ..and this room had a picture window in it so that if I looked out of my window I would be able to see the lawn behind my building and also see a back shed for storage…This shed had lights on it so that the yard was lit up. Well this particular evening I was watching television and sitting on my couch...my son was in his bedroom, when all of a sudden the television turned off.  Just went black.and at the same time, the lights in my apartment went out…I saw flashing lights  .alot of flashing goin on and I heard like a buzzing loud noise…didn’t understand what was going on so I arose from the couch to take a look.  What I saw…all I can say is…I was stupefied……I  called to my son to come quickly to take a look…and as we stood in the window…we actually saw a spacecraft….or whatever it was…flying saucer? Land in our backyard.  It was perhaps 15 ft wide  and round and had some sort of dome on the top whereas it opened and  six or seven people….when I say people  I don’t know what they were but they looked like human bodies….there were 6 or seven of them that climbed out of this spacecraft and they all appeared to be wearing spacesuits with helmets on.  They were all working..by that I mean they were doing some kind of job…sort of like unloading something and lifting things and handing them to each other. I couldn’t tell what they were doing with this stuff or what it was that had them all working together..seemed a little frantic…like they were in a hurry…from what I can remember…  While my son and I were watching this..I remember thinking…I wonder if I could walk down the back stairway and open the back door so I could get a better look but was so afraid at that point that maybe I would be putting myself or my son in harms way that….I don’t know  cant remember anything about the rest of that night…and never spoke with anyone about what I saw for fear of being ostracized….It has been after all of these years…I am now 64 years old…and starting to remember more…of which is very disturbing to me…in no uncertain terms  I awoke this morning…and oddly remembered something about that night…that is most disturbing to me.  I do remember that at some point while I must have gone back to the couch…not sure about sequence…so much is all mixed up in my mind…but I now remember that my television came back on but it was not your regular television. I was the aliens that were on my television screen….and now that I remember what they showed me. I am mortified about the whole thing…. They showed me the destruction of the world…huge storms….devestation…showed me wars going on all over the world…showed me explosions…people being devastated by storms and fires and water and it was so horrific seeing all that on my television that night that I think somehow it was too much information  for my brain…I either got shut down somehow by them or they did something to my memory…..What I find odd is that I am only now starting to remember..and naturally…it is extremely unsettling and I wish with all my heart that I could talk with someone who knows and believes about these things happening..because when I try to talk about it…people thing you are crazy…they don’t believe me and I find that most disturbing.  I am a normal woman….I know I am not crazy…this has been such a burden to me in my life…never understanding what and why I saw this……I realize this is old information…very old…but I guess I need to talk with someone and found this site because of the internet….. Sincerely ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));42.0795805084746;-71.0326203389831
Bright white small round object..travelling very fast.;2012-11-23 18:10:00;few seconds;Bright white small round object..travelling very fast Was in my backyard looking up at my roof and caught a small white ball, bigger and brighter than a star but it looked far away.  It streaked across the sky over my roof at a very fast rate of speed.  Faster than any shooting star, airplane, anything I have seen move rapidly in the sky before.  Much brighter than a star and white. Didn't disappear like a shooting star but went for quite a distance until i lost sight over my roof. I then sprinted to where i could see across the street in front of my house and it was gone. Traveling east to west. Very odd.... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.0795805084746;-71.0326203389831
