Bright orange Lights/Fireballs.;2014-01-20 20:00:00;~3+ hours;Bright orange Lights/Fireballs. Much like the events that I have read about the other sightings of lights, or fireballs, these lights that we had anticipated watching were suppose to be methane gas bubbles rising from the earth/swamp near Lake Wappapello.  These lights lit up within five feet near the edge of a wooded area and approximately five to ten feet from one another.  There were three that began as multicolored, red, blue, orange and white.  The first one danced out into a nearby field and faded dimly after lighting up bright orange.  Minutes later the other two repeated nearly the same actions only to fade out and completely disappear.  The first light lit back up-approximately ten feet from the ground-back to a beautiful bright orange, and danced around in the field for what seemed like minutes.  We ruled out the possibility of these lights being methane gas (bubbles) because they never ascended more than fifteen feet off of the ground below it.  The light blinked back out once more, li! t back up bright orange and with almost lightning speed flew out into the road in front of us a mile to a mile and a half away.  It stopped and sat there hovered over the roadway for some time and then sped off quickly to our right out into what appeared to be another field.  As we hurried away the light appeared again down a dirt road to out right, but seemed as if it were following us. It then danced out beside our vehicle once more, (bouncing almost gracefully) into the empty field, keeping up with our speed of a minimum of 40 mph to finally dim and disappear one last time.  We observed these lights for what felt like an hour.  We arrived at the area just after dark around 6:30-7:00 pm the night of the 20th. We headed straight home (a 45 minute drive), not paying attention to the time until around 1:00 am the next morning when we were nearly home.  We seemed to have lost time during this event.;36.9385;-90.27
