Object and jets;2015-05-14 20:10:00;3 minutes;Object and jets I noticed to the west, with the setting sun as the back ground, three jets moving South to North - I assume they were jets as they were leaving very obvious contrails.  As the three moved North I noticed a round object in around the same area as I surmised the jets were moments before. The object itself was not a jet as the object was pretty much stationary except for an obvious wobble and moved slightly to the South and then back to it's original position.   Also, I surmise the object was not a jet as it left no contrail and was maybe three times the size of the jets.  The jets to the naked eye were about the relative size of an ant while the object was about the relative size of a large silver dollar.  The object itself was round and very shiny. If you were to hold a silver dollar at arms length and point it at the sky then that is what the object looked like.  It was very distinct against the setting sun and very clear. I could tell that this was not clouds! , smoke, an after image, a planet, or anything I could easily identify.  A common problem with sky watching around the Dartmouth and Halifax area is the prominence of air traffic due to the proximity of the local airport.  This object had no lights or any identifying markers that one would normally see with a common passenger air plane. After watching the object for about a minute and a half I wanted to get my girlfriend so she could see it too.  I opened the door to go inside and noticed that coming from the South, moving the same direction in the same path, was another jet with an obvious contrail.  I immediately looked for the object and the object was gone.  I did not see it leave. Later on in the night, I went outside for another cigarette with the hope of sighting the object again.  Instead I saw three more jets traveling the same direction and same path as the original four. Again I assume they were jets based on the contrails. I assume that if it was a true physical object then it must have been seen by those in the jets - maybe not the first three but the fourth one must have seen it.;44.6759805555555;-63.5375722222221
