75 minute film close up of ufo;2001-02-10 21:00:00;1hr15min;75 minute film close up of ufo Saturday evening, Feb 10,2001. 9 pm. My husband was getting ready to go to bed when he yelled at me to look at all of the airplanes flying by.  When I went in to look at the planes, facing the north, I glanced through the window that faces west.  There was an odd shaped bright light.  When it started bobbing around, I got my videw camera and started taking pictures.  It danced around, disappeared, came back, and came so close the first time that I got a stunning look at it.  It was round, except at the very bottom, it looked flat.  It had two lines through the middle, a round circle in the center of the paralell lines, and an emblem in the middle of the circle.  There were designs on the top and bottom parts.  I viewed this for about 5 seconds, then it gradually moved away and across the trees, then into a bright ball again, going further away.  It had a dark side and a bright side.  When it was bright, there would be a jagged streak of light moving upward, dimming the bottom part as it went.  After it dimmed, it would then get smaller.  It bobbed around, disaappeared and did all sorts of things for several minutes.  Then the dark side got very close and was very large.  It had the same markings on that side as the bright side.  There were red, yellow and orange lights that I could not figure out.  It came very close 3 times before it finally disappeared.  I have great movies of this.  What do I do with them.  I would love for someone to see them. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke by telephone with this witness, and found her to be a good witness.  We first suspected that the witnesses might have been observing a celestial body, probably Venus in the western sky, but it does not sound to be the case, based on certain elements of the report.  We do not know what it was they observed.  Please see other reports from Illinois for this date.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note/ADDENDUM:  Message from Jerry Sievers, State Director, MUFON/Indiana.  We express our gratitude to him, and his investigators, for following up on this report.  PD)) Hello Peter,   Here's an update on your 2/10/01 21:00 Tell City, Indiana Case (Posted 2/18/01).  It has been determined (through a comparison test with similar video equipment) that most of the 75 minute video was the planet Venus taken at the  'infinity' setting.  The flat bottom and strange markings are present in all of the test videos taken so far (camera glitch?).  No explanation has been found for the moving light group also included in the same video.   Best.........Jerry   PS: Looking forward on hearing from you about the recent Indiana sightings from Evansville, Danville, Columbia City and New Albany that were posted to your site -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Jerry L. Sievers  State Director, MUFON of Indiana  Website: http://indianamufon.homestead.com/  Email: MUFON_IN@HOTMAIL.COM  1395 East Ramsey Road  Vincennes, IN 47591 ((END ADDENDUM));37.9684;-86.7449
