Blueish fireball;1999-11-27 20:15:00;3 seconds;Blueish fireball Blue fireball, about the size of a small meteor, streaking from northwest to southeast.  Weather conditions were clear, and the duration of the sighting was approximately three seconds.;37.8065;-85.4592
Three Fireballs seen over Bardstown;2011-07-01 19:00:00;split second;Three Fireballs seen over Bardstown My husband and I were driving east into Bardstown, and were coming into the City Limits and over a large bridge they have built as you enter the town.  It was a clear day in early July and the sun was still about an hour or so from setting.  We had a nice view of the town skyline from the bridge.  All of a sudden there were three separate fireballs in the sky that actually appeared to be explosions they did not appear very large (but I assume that is due to the distance we were in comparison to the fireballs) and were not closely grouped together (one appearing in the far southern direction to our front and right, one directly in front of our position, and one towards the far northern part of town to our front, left). I blurted “Did you see that!?” to my husband, to which he said kind of confusedly “Yeah, what the heck was it?” I mentioned that it appeared to be explosions and suggested that we call the small airport (which was directly west of us) or call the police and tell them, thinking that it may have something to do with a distressed plane.  My husband thought this was kind of silly, because we had seen three fireballs, not one.  There was no smoke, no sound, just three simultaneous round fireballs and nothing more.  There was no indication that there was any aircraft in the sky, much less crashing after an explosion. We considered the possibilities of the fireballs being someone setting off fireworks however they were spaced too far apart to be the same person doing so, and there was no sound after the fact, not to mention that they happened perfectly in sync and were spaced miles apart.  They also seemed to last just a small fraction longer than a mortar shell that you purchase for the 4th of July, as well as they happened much higher up in the atmosphere.  We are from this area, and we see fireworks set off into the sky every year over the town that was not what we witnessed with these three things.  They did not occur again, and we watched for quite some time while in town (we were in open air for several hours after arriving, so we had opportunity to watch the sky).  I never heard reports of anyone else witnessing this, even though there was at least one vehicle driving into town ahead of us facing the same direction. These were three fireballs, like you would see in a movie were missiles are exploding in the air.  Perfectly round, perfectly timed simultaneously, and made of orange fire.  The sky was clear, then suddenly, three fireballs, and then there was nothing more. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.8065;-85.4592
