I was driving home from work, and saw green lights hovering off the side of the road, about level with the top of power lines.;2021-02-26 21:16:00;1 minute;I was driving home from work, and saw green lights hovering off the side of the road, about level with the top of power lines. I could see a dark silver metal, and 4-5 green lights, then one yellow at the bottom and two orange in the middle of the green and yellow lights. Then it lifted up and took off at a diagonal direction upwards very very fast. If I would have blinked, I'd have missed it. There were no sounds at all. No radio disturbances. No other visuals or cars on the road.;39.024;-97.6004
Second sighting within 10 day timeframe, same location, same look to UFO, same time of day.;2021-03-11 21:20:00;<1 minute;Second sighting within 10 day timeframe, same location, same look to UFO, same time of day. This is the second sighting within the past ten days or so. My son was coming home from work around the same time as the first sighting. Sighting happened near the same area on I-135 heading from Salina to Minneapolis too give or take a few mile radius. He said this time it was hovering right over the interstate in front of him and he came up on it out of nowhere. He nearly had to slam on his breaks, and if it wouldn't have taken off, he would have hit it. He said it took off extremely fast like last time. If you would have blinked, you'd have missed it it was so fast. Looked exactly the same as before too. When he got home, he realized his phone was nearly dead and it's never close to dying battery wise. We're not sure if it's connected or not. He's started to get worried a bit but this is the normal work hours. As a mother I'm getting concerned too. He is not the type of kid to make up any stories like this at all. It's starting to really concern me. At th! is point, I'm concerned this COULD possibly be a possible UFO abduction attempt. I'm not sure. But as a mother, I'm scared now. I never thought in my wildest dreams I would ever be concerned about anything like this. I haven't been able to sleep at all since it happened the first time. Now I know I won't be able to stop worrying. I'm reporting this on behalf of my son because he's under the age of 18.;39.024;-97.6004
