My Father and I watched a silver object, shaped like a diamond on its side.  It hovered overhead then slowly moved to the right, then d;1978-12-20 17:00:00;20 min.;SUMMARY:  My Father and I watched a silver object, shaped like a diamond on its side.  It hovered overhead then slowly moved to the right, then down, then leftand then up, to form a complete square.  It hovered some more than shot diagonally up and out of sight. I was 14 years old at the time.  It was Christmastime, cause I rember sitting next to our tree watching television.  It was dusk, so there was still some daylight left.  My father was sitting in our kitchen watching the birds outside.  I heard him yell for me to come see something.   I went into the kitchen and sat next to my Dad.  He then pointed out thewindow, up into the sky.  Watch that silver disc up there, he said.  The objectI looked at was not exactly round, it was kind of a cross between round and oval.  It was really high up but you could still see it clearly.  The color of it was silver, not unlike the way some jets look today.    As I watched the silver disc, it slowly moved to the right and stopped.  Next it moved slowly down and stopped.  Now it moved directly left and stopped.  And the last move it made was up and stopped.   At the time, I don’t remember being really amazed by it, I just thought it waskinda neat is how I think I put it then! (chuckle).   As we watched the silver disc just hover in the one spot, it suddenly shot really fast diagonally up and was gone!  Later that night, after I had gone to bed, something woke me up.  I didn’tknow what, but I had this strange sensation (not unlike dreaming).  I was being drawn to the back of the house.  So I walked slowly to our back door and pulled the shade on the window.  Normally what I would see is the silhoutte of our backyard trees against the streetlamp.  What I saw instead was a hugh, bright, white, light!   The light was so bright it was blinding!   I was suddenly startled, like waking up from a dream. I hurtled the shade down and ran back to my bedroom!  It took awhile, but I finally fell back to sleep and to my knowledge, nothing else happened.   My Father owned his own agency.   Me, I was a sophmore at Huntington Park High School at the time.   Majoring in english ((sic)) literatureand Music.;33.9794000000001;-118.2176
