Fiery, bluish, rocket tail traveling the night sky at a super sonic speed, then disappearing left a distinct smokey travel line.;2020-12-10 19:25:00;3 to 4 seconds;Fiery, bluish, rocket tail traveling the night sky at a super sonic speed, then disappearing left a distinct smokey travel line. Traveling north in the vehicle I was driving on PA Route 168, at approximately 19:25 hours on Dec. 10th 2020, bordering Raccoon Creek State Park, I witnessed a very bright blue light travel east to west across almost the entire width of the night sky. I can’t describe it as an aircraft because it flew well below where planes usually fly, about where low clouds usually float, and at such a super high rate of speed way faster than any man-made aircraft. I did not see an actual object just saw what appeared to be the fiery, sparking, bluish bright tail of some super-sonic object. There may have been a reddish, orangish tip, but the light I saw can be described as the tail of a rocket. The windows were up in the vehicle I was driving and I did not hear any sound, which surprised me, given the fairly low altitude the object traveled. It only took about 3 seconds to travel across almost the entire night sky, and then I suddenly lost sight of it much like it just disappeared. I actually kind of waited for an explosion or a ‘boom,’ but nothing. After driving about a couple hundred yards from where I last saw it, I pulled off into the Nichol Rd parking lot of the state park and looked back to where the object flew over. To my surprise, there was a distinct line of what appeared to be smoke across the entire width of the clear, starry sky, exactly where this object traveled! Against the night sky, this smokey line it was visible to naked eye, as well as the stars in the sky, however my iphone could not capture this remarkable sight. This was the proof that something of sheer volume and speed had indeed traveled through our atmosphere. Again, the altitude seemed! to be about where clouds are normally seen. I made a couple of calls to friends to report what I had witnessed. I stayed in this parking lot for about an hour watching the sky and viewing the smokey line. It took an extremely long time for it to start fading away. Even at the half-hour mark, it was still very distinct and visible. It did very slowly start to shorten and fade to the south after about an hour. The only thing I could compare this smokey line to was what one of those “skywriter” crafts leave behind, but they are only seen during the day their lines fade much faster and they are flown at extreme high altitudes. This sighting was indeed like nothing I’ve ever seen before. Its shape, behavior, speed, and character was like nothing from this planet. It left behind a distinct travel path which proved its flight through our sky. I just wish I could’ve viewed it longer I wish I would’ve seen it coming and been ready with a camera I wish someone else had been with me to share in this strange experience I wish there were other reports of this and more evidence to prove what exactly this UFO was! Perhaps we’ll never know. I hope that the information I provided here leads to some more proof and discovery. Thank you for taking the time to read my experience.;40.5597;-80.4411
