An Orange/Yellow Ball of Light from No where.;2001-04-28 20:12:00;Not that Long;An Orange/Yellow Ball of Light from No where. It was really nice outside and dark where the sky was clear and I could see the stars. Well I decided to mosey on out and roller blade a little while since I was bored! Ok so I went out took off my shoes and put on my blades. I skated a little bit up and down the side walk a car went bar shortly after I went into the road I moved out of the way then I went back out there and all the sudden as I gazed up at the sky this orange/yellow ball object came out of no where which also seemed to be pretty far away from where I was like close to the stars Well It Inteligently flew around and Dissapeared. I have never seen anything like this before But I was thinking Omg ((deleted)). Wow haha. That's probably dumb because I have no idea what it was but  Who Knows. It really didn't look like a weather Balloon To me! Haha PS: Even if I had gotten the  chance to take a picture! I don't got any camera Film (Nobody has to believe me, but It's not like what I saw had to be alien in origin it could have possibly been from Earth right? But, then again Is it even possible to construct a space ship  that is totally round.? Was what I saw a giant Computerized Compact Scientist. Perhaps here to collect samples. Mmmmm Is anybody missing any Cows! Geez;36.0571;-86.6728999999998
Formation of lights slowly moving over head, all pretty close to each other, never seen anything like this. Thought maybe drones? Whate;2016-01-29 20:00:00;10 minutes;Formation of lights slowly moving over head, all pretty close to each other, never seen anything like this.   Thought maybe drones?   Whatever it was, it was sure bizarre;36.0571;-86.6728999999998
In Nashville, TN, on August 21 during the full eclipse I saw what I believe to be a UFO. Everybody around me said yeah right that';2017-08-21 13:30:00;1 minute;In Nashville, Tennessee, on August 21, during the full eclipse, I saw what I believe to be a UFO.  Everybody around me said yeah right that's a UFO whatever, you're crazy, yeah he's in the UFOs and all that, all the mean stuff that people say when they don't believe what they're looking at.I don't believe it to be any normal aviation aircraft as they don't move this fast.  I did happen to click two or three photos of it but it had already gone from bright red to white.  You do see the outline of it in the photos.  Photos are always grainy it seems when you want to get a clear photo. So we were about to see the full eclipse looking south of where we were and up in the sky wants the eclipse took over everything went pretty dark but you could still see a horizon if you turn 360°.  It was absolutely beautiful we saw the eclipse through the eyeglasses and there is nothing like it.  I turned around and was admiring everything else and as the sun started to come back out the area Brighton to back up and as it did I saw a red light in the sky. most red lights we see here in Nashville move around across the sky very slowly and generally are blinking because they're attached to an aircraft they don't move up and down and don't move very quickly at all.  What I saw moved from in the clouds in my perspective about 2 inches down from the cloud area to below The cloud area in a matter of milliseconds.  Absolutely no aircraft can move that fast.  That's to my knowledge at least. Now of course the 10 or 12 people around me I started telling them do y'all see that red light in the sky and as I told them it move down very fast and stopped the red light started to turn white and then it started to sending back to the earth and very slowly disappeared behind the tree line.  Now this craft was not 100 feet away I'm sure it was at least 1 to 5 miles away. In some of the photos that I took I pointed at where it was coming down after everything happened.  So I could document exactly where it was and see if there was some aviation thing that the government may have been tested.  I'd love for someone to check that out and get back to me but I'm pretty sure I know what I saw and it moved extremely fast from one point to the next as many UFOs that are reported do.  And courage everyone to check this out as this is the first one I have ever seen if it is a real UFO and it was very exciting. Kudos to anyone else who catches something like this on video or photographs please always record it so we can all enjoy what just very few of us have seen.  I am including my contact info on the main page if the The reporting agency wants to contact me.;36.0571;-86.6728999999998
