Bright lighted object zigzagged quickly and suddenly moved upward out of sight in just seconds.;2010-03-19 21:25:00;30 Seconds;Bright lighted object zigzagged quickly and suddenly moved upward out of sight in just seconds. At about 21:23 March 19, 2010, I walked out onto my back porch to smoke a cigarette.  I always keep my porch light off and my kitchen light off with only my dining light on.  I also close the door almost shut to keep the smoke out of my house and so I can see the stars better.  I often look into the sky at the stars which are very visible.  I noticed a very large and bright white light coming in my direction.  I noticed it zigzagging back and forth in quick changes in direction.  I thought that maybe clouds may be causing the illusion of the zigzagging.  As I watched it, I rolled my eyes off it on each side to make certain there were no clouds, there were none (was taught this by the military).  All of the sudden the object moved upward out of sight very quickly.  I could see the light go from very large to a tiny light to nothing at all but with a light trail behind it upward.  Just to make this clear, I served in the Marine Corp and worked with UH-1 and Cobra helicopters both at night and during the day.  I’ve been around the flight line both night and day with both rotary and fixed wings.  I did not see a starboard or port light on this object, nor did I hear any noise coming from it.   As close as this object was from me, if this were a fixed wing aircraft I would have surely heard the thrusters especially as quick as it went upward out of sight.  If it were a helicopter, I would have heard the chopping of the blades and there is no doubt in my mind that a helicopter could not have climbed that quickly upward to out of sight in two or three seconds.  The object was coming from the west with probably 15 degrees of it to the north.   Almost as soon as the object excelled out of sight, a plane (jet) of some type flew over my location coming from the south west.  I could hear and see the port and starboard lights on it.  I’ve never seen or heard of anything with the kind of speed which I witnessed tonight.  The use of I: in this statement also includes my wife who also saw it;33.9941;-85.061
