clear blue sky, sun already down, my dog was the one who brought our attention to object hovering and flying slowly through sky.  It wa;2007-01-19 16:00:00;4 minutes;clear blue sky, sun already down, my dog was the one who brought our attention to object hovering and flying slowly through sky.  It was a bright light disk shaped object that went slowly at first and then just seemed to vanish quickly.;37.7325;-83.0298
Strange unexplained tiny pulsating cluster of lights converged on ground in treeline.;2013-10-31 21:20:00;90+ minutes;Strange unexplained tiny pulsating cluster of lights converged on ground in treeline. I looked out my back window and noticed tiny bright shining lights at the far end of the back yard.   At first they moved around quickly, not unlike fireflies but moved much quicker and were much brighter,also bigger in diameter.  From the distance I was looking from, around 50-75 feet, they seemed to be around the size of small eggs.   Then the majority of the lights converged in a spot on the ground in the treeline.  They seemed to form a circle, blinking occasionally.  Two or three of the lights remained separate two around 20 feet away and forward to the left, and one around half that distance and forward to the right.   I also noticed on three separate occasions that the cluster of lights would dance around and flash in a recognizable pattern, followed almost immediately on one occasion of a wave of even tinier lights seeming to fall from nothing visible in the sky upon the cluster of egg shaped lights.   My sister and I both observed these lights from two ! separate rooms in which we had extinguished all the indoor lights.  We watched these lights, looking for explanation for well over an hour.   At first we hoped they were the reflecting eyes of several small mammals, such as rabbits of possums, searching for garbage.  Yet they did not move as animals normally do, stayed too consistently within the sphere of gathered lights and also did not alert the dog in the same manner.  They remain clustered upon the ground where we first noticed them even as I write this report.   Other people saw these unexplained lights as well.  Both a separate sister, my mother and my 13 year old niece saw the lights as well and observed their strange movements.   Our dog noticed the lights as well, barked for a very short period of time and investigated the separated lights.  He stayed well away from the cluster of tiny pulsating lights however.   My sister and niece at one time stated that the light seemed red on two separate occasions and blue once.  We tried to video tape this occurrence, but the screen remained too d ark.;37.7325;-83.0298
Nearly every night for the past two weeks, there are strange lights in the sky, always at least two, that travel in parallel lines to o;2014-08-26 23:00:00;Every night for over two ;Nearly every night for the past two weeks, there are strange lights in the sky, always at least two, that travel in parallel lines to one another.  At a glance they appeared to be aircraft, with blinking lights like one would expect.   After seeing them a few nights in a row, I began to pay closer attention. I was standing in the driveway smoking a cigarette 3 nights ago, and I had watched an object fly across the sky slowly (like an aircraft) until it reached the ridge line in the distance. It then hovered in place, the light stopped blinking, and it looked like a star among the other stars in my field of view.  I looked away for one second to flip my cigarette and in that instant it disappeared from view (or so I thought).   I then spotted the object hovering on the opposite end of the ridge, where it sat for several more minutes.  After a while, I lost interest and went back inside.  They have appeared in the sky like clockwork at 11pm every night since, and are continuing to do so.  I also forgot to mention that I apparently lost more than half an hour of time by my perception when I came back inside the house, although I have no way to verify this.;37.7325;-83.0298
