wedge shaped objects flying in formation over hood of car at dusk while driving on highway.;1973-03-15 17:00:00;minute;wedge shaped objects flying in formation over hood of car at dusk while driving on highway. Back in early spring 1973 a friend and I were driving north on I-91 near Hartford, CT when there appeared three silvery wedge-shaped objects flying from west to east right in front of the windshield of the car.  The objects were small, about one foot in length and were plain, no lights, nothing at all.  What was just as strange is that they appeared and then disappeared but we didn't see them fly in or fly away - they came and then they were just completely gone.  I looked into the other cars to see if people were waving or pointing but no one else seemed to have seen the objects so I kept my mouth shut.  A few minutes later, my friend said, You are going to think I'm crazy....  I said something like Go ahead...  He said,Did you see anything strange?  I became very excited because he had seen them too and our descriptions matched exactly.  These three objects were flying in a V shaped formation and neither of us could explain what they were.  We knew we were near Bradley Airport in Windsor Locks so we kept trying to explain it on those terms, that it was experimental aircraft of some sort.  Then I said maybe they were remote controlled toys - but who would fly them across a busy highway? and why did they appear and disappear so suddenly like that?  I turned on the car radio to see if there was any mention on the news but there wasn't.  When we got to my parents' house I ran to the tv to see if they were talking about it but there were no reports and there was nothing in the papers the next day either.  I have never forgotten this incident.  Small, wedge-shaped, close-up, dark silver, appeared and disappeared suddenly, at dusk in early spring.  I shudder when I see the stealth planes now because the shape reminds me, although what I saw back then was small and just straight lines like an arrowhead. ((NUFORC Note:  One of two reports from same witness, who elects to remain anonymous.  PD));41.7628375000001;-72.6865798076924
Slow moving triangle shaped craft with big white lights and a red pulsating light in the center flew about 300 feet over my car.;1997-07-17 23:40:00;5 min. app.;Slow moving triangle shaped craft with big white lights and a red pulsating light in the center flew about 300 feet over my car. My girlfriend and I were driving back north to Canada on Interstate 91, at about 11:40 PM halfway between Hartford CT and Springfield MA when we observed a cluster of lights thiking it was a plane or helicopter due to the fact that Bradley Airport was 4 miles west of us but as it got closer the weird configuration of lights mind boggled us but it was heading westward and lost sight of it, then another one appeared on the east heading right toward us, as it got closer we knew this was no conventional craft, it slowly flew over our heads at about 300 feet soundless with 7 big white lights in a V formation (the lights did not light the ground) and 3 small flickering lights on the tip of the triangle which would be the front end and a small pulsating red light dead center of the craft, the craft itself was very dark (could not make out the actual body) it was also heading westward following the first. We stopped and watched it disappear in the horizon. The question we have to ask our selves is what would we gain or loose if the government finally told the public about the now famous Roswell crash, the alien abductions and the ongoing ufo activity. Logically speaking, if this craft would be government made, wouldn't it be most top secret (area 51), and if it was, what was it doing flying between large cities, woudn't these test be dangerous for the general public, if they were safe wouldn't we profit from it by improving today's latest planes and if they were from another country, wouldn't the army have intercepted this illigal alien threatening our country. The most logical answer would be that somekind of being is flying far more technologically advanced craft of anything we have on earth. Obviously we can't catch one or catch up to it, they abduct people and we haven't the slight idea how to stop them, if they crash, we steal their technology. Isn't that evolution for which humans thrives? I think we are ready to know the truth, the real truth!!;41.7628375000001;-72.6865798076924
Stars moving strange on the night of 4th of July fire works.;2009-06-04 22:00:00;90 min.;Stars moving strange on the night of 4th of July fire works. At 22:00 0n 06/04/09 my son and grandaughter was looking at the fire works from the 3rd floor back door facing north.  When my son look up and saw a star moving south to north at a fast pace,my son call me to see but when I got there to see it,I could not see it so waited.  Then my son saw the star moving again, but this time I saw it moving south to north sometimes stopping or moving slow or fade out of human sight thats when I got my night scope to keep the UFO's in sight, but even using the night scope after a while the UFO would fade from sight this went on for a hour.  I saw a small twinkle in the star field thats when I raise my night vison scope to my eyes and saw a triangle formation of stars moving north to east then it fade away first by human eye sight then we use the night scope,to follow it's movement,but after a while the triangle formation faded.  Then we saw more stars moving south to north in a eratic across the night sky for about a half hour.;41.7628375000001;-72.6865798076924
