stange light in the night sky unlike i never seen before;1992-04-08 21:00:00;25sec;stange light in the night sky unlike i never seen before I was walking with some friends down garden street towards the Collin Bennet building. While walking south from Albany avenue in between Ashley street and Collins street I looked up into the night sky. I noticed a solid light ,  from a close distance I immediately thought it was a helicopter. So I listen for the noise of the motor but the object made no noise. I tried to alert my friends of this strange object with no sound but I could not because I felt in a trance or mesmerized by the sight. So I thought to myself it was heading in the south direction so it should pass over the Collin-Bennet building and the reflection of the light should illuminate the building and the object because it was passing at a low altitude so i stared. Continuing to walking down the sidewalk my friends was talking. I was so amazed with what i was seeing i did not hear a word they were saying. With anticipation the object finally proceeded to pass over the building and truthfully what i saw next is indescribable but i will try my best. The light hit at a very close proximity and it looked very dim and controlled the light illuminate a very small portion of the building almost like a beam unlike nothing i have ever seen before. I believed the object was no more than 10 feet from the top of the building. So the light should have been more visible. The light from the object was only visible within a diameter of no more than 5-10 feetin a controlled space. I never seen that in a beam of light. After the object passed out of sight range i immediately turned to my friends and said DID YOU SEE THAT ?. They looked at me with such confusion it still effects me to this day. Its been seventeen years and i still think about that day. I cant get it out of my head so i decided to write you. This date has an emotional connection because a week later my uncle ((name deleted)) died of cancer so that’s why i am sure that it was in April of 1992. No later than the last week of March 1992 for any skeptics. The object moved slow, steady, and balanced about 5 mph when it passed over the building there was no type of vibration or movement. I also remember that night the news had reported a strange light over downtown hartford. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.7628375000001;-72.6865798076924
UFO over State Capitol.;2013-12-31 18:10:00;15 minutes;UFO over State Captiol New Years eve Fireworks Show at 6:10pm at Bushnell Park in Hartford, before the show started we saw a large object, couldn't tell if it was V shaped like b-2 or saucer shaped given the angle and line of sight but in the sky made a bit of a line shape, with multiple colored lights of a reddish orange color and a Green color.   The object appeared to hover behind the Capitol Building before falling rapidly then disappearing.  What struck as as odd to cancel out what it could be are though a plane or helicopter has the same colored lights, these lights seemed to alternate and if it were a plane then the a single light stretched across the entirety of both wings, aside from Medical helicopters from the hospital on the other side of town the capitol is a no fly zone this didnt take the shape of a helicopter,   There was no noise from the craft, which lifestar (local medical helicopter name) makes quite the noise when in the city area, we also canceled out the chanc! e of it being part of the fire works display, being it was before they went off, and was in the wrong direction. Then shortly after the fireworks display started, and lucky enough to have my camera out with recording capabilities, the obeject was seen again this time on the other side of the captiol.  unfortunately in video mode my camera has no zoom ability nor night vision, and appears as like that of a star in the sky.  Though the object can be seen between the space of the capitol and where the fireworks were going off.  Additionally towards the end of the encounter the object started a rapid descent, then a dead stop then it did it again and vanished, what strikes me odd is where the object vanished is a point of open sky, nothing between me and the object for it to hide behind, with a few flashes it was gone.  The other object flashing below and to the right of it is a warning strobe on a flag pole, of the no fly zone.  Some people noticed i was pointing my camera away from the fireworks which drew some curiosity but was answered when they saw the object themselves, i was lucky to get audio of two of these cases.  i've already uploaded it to youtube and will provide a link upon request.;41.7628375000001;-72.6865798076924
