Large triange craft composed of 3 large white globes glided low over hiway in front of truck.  It searched the ground with beams of lig;1997-08-06 22:00:00;15 minutes;Large triange craft composed of 3 large white globes glided low over hiway in front of truck.  It searched the ground with beams of light. My husband and I were traveling at night from Quartzsite to Prescott Valley.  We saw a large lighted object approach the hiway from our left.  It traveled extremely slowly, to slow for something that size to stay in the air.  It appeared to be about the size of of an army tank and was absolutely silent.   As it approached, we stopped in the middle of the road to watch it.  It glided so slowly over the road right in front of us.  It was very low, only about 3 stories above us.  It was a triangular craft composed of 3 round globes of white light.  It was very bright, but it did not hurt your eyes to look at it.  It was like looking at a soft-white light bulb.   It crossed the road, and when it got to the other side, it suddenly shot 3 wide beams of pale blue light down to the ground.  One from each globe.  It actually lit up the ground.  You cound see the cactus, rocks and all details.   It then started to sort of mosey back and forth as if it were searching the ground with the lights and looking at things.  Once or twice it slowed to a hover, and then almost as if disinterested, it sped up to a slow glide again.  As it moved away from us, it just seemed to turn off all lights and disappeared.  We were amazed.  It was as if we just witnessed a miracle.  We finally continued on toward home.  As we started to climb into the mountains outside of Prescott, we pulled over to make a roadside rest stop.  We got out of the truck, and looked back down toward a little batch of houses down below us.   Suddenly a huge white globe of light just sort of turned on and just hovered over the town.  It was fairly high above the houses.   Then a small red dot just came out of the top 1/3 of it, and then flew around the big globe in a random pattern.  We watched it for about 8 minutes.  Then the red dot flew back to the same place it came out of.   Then the big globe just turned out like a light bulb and was gone.   My reality changed immediately from a UFO believer to a UFO knower.;33.9179;-113.2172
