Large, whitish triangle rapidly crossing sky;1999-06-14 00:10:00;4-5 seconds;Large, whitish triangle rapidly crossing sky On 14 Jun, 12:10 a.m. I was in my back yard turning off the lawn water and looked up at the stars because it was a dark, clear night.  I saw a white/grey sort of metalic color (but did not shine)large triangle object quickly floating across the sky from south to north.  It had no lights, but was clearly visible.  I don't believe it was more than half a mile from the ground. It made no sound and I don't think I was more than a quarter of mile from it.  I observed it for about 4-5 seconds until it was obscured by my neighbor's house.  I worked at and lived near Castle AFB,CA, (home of the B52's and KC135s) before it closed in 1995 so am familiar with large aircraft.  I don't know why and can't explain it but I got the feeling this object was observing this area.  We are just an agricultural area with mostly daries and orchards and do not have a large population.;37.3986;-120.8705
Triangular shaped object, with serpent like moving tail, and blue, red, green, orange, and white lights.;2013-04-05 20:30:00;2 minutes;Triangular shaped object, with serpent like moving tail, and blue, red, green, orange, and white lights. Hello, I am writing this letter because I believe that I have seen a real UFO. I am a college student studying to become a lawyer and I have a real case UFO. On Friday, April 5, 2013 in a small town called Hilmar California I saw what I believe was a UFO. I was going home from a buddy’s house, and I had my two friends with me but I needed to drop them off first. We were heading towards the McDonald’s in town in order to pass through Hilmar and take my friend home when I noticed something in the sky.  At first I thought it was a plane because I noticed some blue lights that were blinking, but as we got closer I noticed that it was coming to a stop seemingly.  We started to approach a stop light right next to the McDonald’s and I became somewhat terrified.  What at first I thought to be a plane turned to be a triangular shaped object in the sky, with blue, white, orange, green and red lights blinking underneath its base.  I saw no wings and the lights had a pattern to them, and there were 3 different light patterns. 	At first I couldn’t believe my eyes and I was thinking of what it could possibly be.  I noticed that it was basically above us, or somewhat above us, but only a couple hundred feet above the earth. The object seemed to be about as big as a car or a little bit bigger.  And I noticed a tail at the end.  The tail is what tripped me out the most, because of the unusual way that it was moving.  This was not a metallic tail or anything hard and solid.  I could tell because it was moving very rapidly from side to side, like how a snake would slither across the ground. The tail was very faint looking as well, not solid or really noticeable per say. 	At first me and my friends were discussing the possibilities as to what it could be. A friend of mine could only bring up a kite.  I was looking for a string but I could not make it out or see a string or anything else that could have been attached to the object.  Then I came to my senses, and told my friend that there was next to no wind outside.  If it was a kite, the person would have to run quite a bit of distance in order to create enough wind for the kite to take off.  I could not see a single person on the sidewalks and again, I could not see a string attached.  Then I also asked my friend about the tail.  As too why the tail was only moving from side to side, instead of up and down with the wind. And especially since the object was not moving one bit, it was completely stationary.  So I asked my friend why the tail was only moving and not the object?  And he could not respond to me. 	The really weird thing was, this was at 8:30 at night, and I can’t imagine anyone that would fly a kite at that time of night, because it was completely dark outside now.  And once more, this looked to be like directly above us, and a couple other cars that were at the stop light also noticed the object and were pointing at it.  I believe this was a real UFO because I just can’t think of anything else that it could have been.  I researched kites with lights, expensive kites, and design kites, and nothing seemed to be like what I saw.  This looked to be a lot heavier than a kite would have been, and it looked just as big as a car or a bit bigger. That was really weird and I will never forget what I saw that night.  I mean, at a distance, and I mean a couple 1000 yards or so I saw this thing moving, and as I got closer it stopped, and I didn’t see anyone holding a string or even a string attached to it at all, and the aerodynamics don’t make sense either.  Why was the tail only mov! ing and the whole object was completely stationary.  Around the object was a black glare kind of, like I couldn't really see the edges of object, so it was kind of blending in with the night sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));37.3986;-120.8705
