2 larger than planet size bell/saucer shapes with bright amber/white light emitting from each hovered briefly then vanished.;2017-04-29 21:00:00;1 minute;2 larger than planet size bell/saucer shapes with bright amber/white light emitting from each hovered briefly then vanished. My wife and i were travelling east on Route 30 east of Chambersburg, PA, on Saturday 4/29/2017.  My wife suddenly told me to pull over on the road because there were two objects in the sky in the proximity of a waxing crescent moon phase.   I have seen UFO objects twice in my lifetime before this at least 40 plus years ago.  We both looked at the objects while we were facing the west.  The two objects appeared to be larger than a planet, saucer/bell shapes in the sky, both were bright with an amber to white hue cast sort of pulsing as they stood at rest in the sky.   I had hoped that they would continue to get closer coming eastward to get a better look at them, but after about a minute, the one on the right began to slowly vanish followed by the one on the left then slowly vanishing.  There was a slight overcast with very high altitude cloud cover with some clearing.   When the objects vanished out of sight, it appeared as though they exited our atmosphere very quickly ! almost straight up and out.   Back in the early 1970's when i saw my first UFO, it occured in broad daylight, and actually had time to get my telescope out (50X) and sight in on it, before it quickly raced across the sky many times the speed of a modern military jet aircraft, and vanished as well.  I understand from my reading that the USA government does in fact have secret propulsion technology at Area #51 and has had it for years, continuing to unveil this high technology into military uses today.  I would not be surprised that the two UFO's we sighted on 4/29/2017 were engineered by our own government.  It is very exciting to see these objects, because it doesn't happen but once or so in a lifetime.  This is my third sighting in 43 years.  Now i must look at the skies every night.  My cell phone camera is too cheap, it would not have showed up well, but to be honest i just wanted to see these UFO's with my eyes.   My wife was a witness to this sighting as well, but she really did not want to take the time to write her own version of the sighting.  It was quick,,,about a minute.  My wife and I own a local painting company.;39.9192745454546;-77.6487072727273
