My family is visiting a small town on Lake Huron, just an hour north of Detroit. My grandparents own a small cottage in a semi-resident;2014-08-13 16:00:00;1 minute;My family is visiting a small town on Lake Huron, just an hour north of Detroit.  My grandparents own a small cottage in a semi-residential area with other small summer-houses around them.  The area is beautiful and serene, and every evening we enter the dirt roads of the farms across our main expressway to the town's center to spot deer.  This tradition has been carried down from generation to generation, as my family has lived in Michigan since the mid 17th century. The anomaly I witnessed tonight was strange and erie, yet fascinating an orb of light darted and hovered about 19 miles to the side of of our car for about a minute or less. We had stopped to watch the sunset, a beautiful one at that, and watched the dazzling colors of maroon and orange descend to the east.   However, after the sun set, my grandmother noticed a single orange light hovering in place for about 10-15 seconds.   We watched it for a little bit, but as we started the car up, the engine made the usual raucus noise that it does.  It was at this time that I noticed the light darting up to the right of its former position.   I don't know if it was the engine or our presence that startled it, but as it flew away it began to morph colors to match the darkening sky, and within seconds was gone, camouflaged like a chameleon. I have alway believed in life beyond our solar system, and even intelligent life.  I would have never imagined to see something like this in my life. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.2441;-82.5194
Strange light in Lexington MI;2019-12-07 20:50:00;20s;Strange light in Lexington MI My family saw a strange light coming from outside while I was about to sleep. Then all of a sudden I heard a quiet boom. A member of my family saw the craft go up and down many times and noticed it coming towards Canada at a fast speed.;43.2441;-82.5194
