orbs of light circling the moon.;2004-07-28 23:00:00;10 minutes;orbs of light circling the moon. The first of four UFO sightings I have experienced happened in 2004.  I am not sure on any specific dates though I am sure about the month and that it was late July of my first sighting.  I was with two friends at the time. We were juniors in high school, thus for a long time I did not feel I was credible enough to come forth with the sightings, however, as I am now a college graduate, mind has not changed that what I saw were UFOs. The first two sightings both consisted of nothing more than orbs of light in the sky, to far and too small to distinguish much more than it was a ball.  I did not think these relevant for a long time until I recently saw a computer simulation made by UFO specialists to try to recreate something someone had seen.  It looked a lot like what we had seen. Lexington is a small resort town in Michigan.  There are lots of beaches, but we only night swim in the harbor as it is really sandy.  We face the east so see the sun and moon rise. On that particular night I was with two friends, all three of us were carelessly watching the sky for at least an hour or so, as it was an extremely bright night.  The beach is maybe a quarter of a mile from the road, with no nearby lights, so we were used to it being abnormally dark.  On that night, it was extremely bright, the moon was full and there were tons of stars shining.  The sky wasn’t even black, not even velvety, but a moonlit blue. It was because of the clear visibility that I believe there was more in the sky than what we specifically focused on.  The orbs looked very much like stars. When we first noticed one it seemed to be traveling towards the moon.  We’re not far from some airports and military bases, so we know what normal lights look like.  These were not normal.  They were just about the size of the stars, maybe just slightly bigger, and instead of having a golden hue on the edge like a star, they were white lights with blue hues on their edges. As we watched one travel towards the moon from the east, one of my friends spotted another coming from the northwest.  The one from the east was traveling much faster, and in a direction we could not attribute to any known flight path.  At that point we were still willing to dismiss the sighting as nothing more than planes but they were too high. The most intriguing part came when the orb from the east reached the moon. Instead of flying under it, as we expected the light to do, it began circling it, and not in a two-demential manner, but a three-demential one, where the orb actually disappeared behind the moon for a few minutes and returned to the side we could see only to go back around again. As the orb from the northwest came right up to the moon it too began circling it too, but in the opposite direction.  As that was happening several more orbs of light started heading towards the moon.  As one of my friends began to panic, I was out numbered on the vote to remain and though I kept my eyes on it the entire time by the time we got to the car the offending orbs never came back around from the other side of the moon, all the orbs had stopped moving and the sky looked still again. That was about it for that one. It lasted maybe ten minutes or so.  We were young, B+ and A students and though even writing it sounds strange I know what I saw.  When I later told another close friend about it, she too had seen the strange lights from her home in Croswell, Michigan, six miles away.  For the rest of the week we observed glimpses of these lights and more and more people came into the school talking about them.  The talk lasted a while, but everyone dismissed it as skeptical parents insisted we saw military jets.   I am sure that is not what it was.  My father, who’s twin brother is a pilot, agreed that this sighting along with my other three are legitimately unexplained. I have no photos of any of my sightings but will be sending a package of some maps and a few sketches with this story via mail. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.2441;-82.5194
