Circular ferris wheel object with bright lights moving across the sky.;2015-07-26 18:30:00;4 minutes;Circular ferris wheel object with bright lights moving across the sky. On July 26th, 2015, at approximately 18:30, my family witnessed an object in the sky which somewhat resembled a Ferris wheel.  The object was at a distance too high to see the dimensions, but the on and off brilliance was what first caught the eye of my oldest son who is 15.  I told him to keep his eye on the object while I ran to get my binoculars. Upon returning the object had moved very little, but was headed in a westerly direction towards the mountains.  Once I focused in on the object with my binoculars, it was a little difficult to stay steady with it because of the distance factor, however, I did have a few moments I could see the object clearly. The object appeared to be the shape of a disk and looked like a Ferris wheel because of the light pattern displayed with one bright light in the center with straight lines of light going to the perimeter of the object.  At the end of the straight lines of light on the perimeter, there were other points of light. The object was in a very slow tumble which varied from moment to moment.  Not like a ball rolling end-over-end, but fluidly changing its roll in different directions.  The lights were fading in and out almost at a constant rate sometimes brighter and sometimes dimmer to the point it almost disappeared from sight.  I tried zeroing in on it with my cell phone camera, but the distance was too great.  No sound.  The object slowly moved further away in a westerly direction until it was out of sight.  Total viewing time was approximately 4 minutes.  The object did not make any noticeable sound. From my vantage point, I would guess the object to be moving in a westerly path down 120th Avenue intersecting Sheridan Blvd. In the area the object was seen, no clouds were present at that time.  Temperature was approximately 94F. One thing to note: We had a neighborhood power-outage about 30 minutes later which lasted about 3 minutes. I did my best to re-create the object on Paint. Broomfield, Colorado;39.9141244186047;-105.074105813953
