On 6/18/02 @ approx. 12:45 I saw a metallic sphere shaped object hoovering over Boulder CO. It then moved  toward the east and vanished;2002-06-18 12:40:00;7minutes;On 6/18/02 @ approx. 12:45 I saw a metallic sphere shaped object hoovering over Boulder CO. It then moved  toward the east and vanished I am a Healthcare Professional working in Broomfield Colorado. On 6/18/02, at 12:40, I was sitting at an outside table of a restaurant in Broomfield. I was facing west and noticed a Commercial Airliner heading west I'm guessing at about 25k - 30k feet. As it approached the mountains I noticed a small shiny object in the air just south of the airliner and it seemed to me it was hoovering approximately 15k - 20k feet. My wife went to the car and got the binoculars while I kept an eye on the object. There were a few scattered clouds but for the most part it was very clear and bright. I looked at the object through the binoculars and it appeared to be spherical in shape and had a bright chrome like shine to it. It hoovered in the same spot for approximately 4 - 5 minutes and then started moving relatively slowly in an east/southeast direction. I followed it with my binoculars until it was directly above me, unfortunately so was the sun. I lost it in the sunlight and tried to find it again on the eastern side of the sunlight but could not relocate it. It appeared to be gaining altitude as it moved east. At first, before I got the binoculars, I thought it might be a hot air balloon. But when I saw it close up it was just a shiny sphere, no other protrusions or markings. There seemed to be no means of propellsion and there was no noise as it moved. My wife also saw this, but not through the binoculars. When we got back to work I called the Air Route Traffic Control Center @ 2211 17th Ave. in Longmont Colorado to see if they had seen anything on their radar. They told me there had been no sightings and referred me to the air traffic control tower at Jefferson County Airport. They told me they also had seen nothing. I was then given the number for the National UFO reporting center who I called immediately. I was asked to call the Flight Service Station and find out which way the wind was blowing at this altitude. I was told the winds were blowing out of the Southwest direction 240 @ 15 knots. Next I was asked to file this report which I am doing. Thanks for listening. I am 49 years old, I have 4 children, I have two degrees (one in electronics, and one in automotive technology). I am an honorably discharged veteran of the U.S. Airforce where I was an avionics technician on the F-111 fighter, stationed at Mt. Home AFB in Idaho. My wife who is 46, and also works in the Healthcare industry. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke over the telephone with this witness, and he sounded to be quite credible to us.  PD));39.9141244186047;-105.074105813953
A young man in Colorado witnesses three objects interacting in sky, performing impossible maneuvers.;2010-04-27 14:00:00;60 Seconds;A young man in Colorado witnesses three objects interacting in sky, performing impossible maneuvers. Tuesday, April 27th, 2010 should be noted as a particularly fair-weathered, cloud-free day.  At the time of this incident there were no clouds visible, the sun was at my back, and no known aircraft could be seen or heard at this specific time.  Living relatively close to an airport, I’m very familiar with the daily sights and sounds of small aircraft and helicopters.  I was sunbathing this afternoon while on the telephone with my sister when a flash of light caught my attention from the corner of my eye.  The flash of light was relative to sunlight reflected by a mirror from a distance.  When I focused my attention toward the eastern sky I had a difficult time identifying exactly what I was witnessing at that moment.  I saw three spherical/disk-like objects flying in what appeared to be a perfect equilateral triangle formation.  These three, separate objects appeared to be metallic and continued to reflect light, but appeared darker on the bottom.  Perhaps the darke! r appearance on the bottom was an effect of shade.  However, the shade theory is merely speculation.  Although the objects were indeed reflecting sunlight, they did not emit any other light whatsoever. The three, separate objects held their perfect equilateral triangle formation for approximately 30 seconds. They appeared to be fading in and out of my plain of sight flying rapidly, sharply in a direct east to west motion while maintaining the triangular formation. Each separate object appeared to be twice the size of how the planet Venus appears in the night sky. One of the objects was flying at a slightly higher elevation than the two objects below. The appearance of these three objects was specifically puzzling as they appeared as if they were out of focus, exhibiting an almost hazy appearance. I live at approximately 5,500 feet above sea level. Using the western mountain peaks as a reference I estimate that these objects were flying at altitudes between 8,000 and 12,000 feet above sea level. Their low-altitude flight level could be compared to the altitude of a south-bound, ascending plane from the nearby airport, which is within a five mile radius of my home. Despite t! heir low altitude, no sounds could be heard. If I would have held a ruler to the sky to measure their distance apart, they appeared about ¾ of an inch from each other. They were not spread throughout the sky, they were tightly grouped in the equilateral triangle formation for the first 30 seconds of this occurrence. After the first 30 seconds had passed I moved toward the eastern side of my deck for a prolonged view as the objects were slowly creeping north. Suddenly these three objects began flying in circles around each other. The circular patterns they flew around each other were perfect circles which could be compared to the circular motions demonstrated by braiding three sections of hair. Weaving in a very calculated manner from left to right, up and down. They repeated this pattern 2-3 times in a matter of 10 seconds. The three objects then altered their path, all three of them were flying in completely random circles around each other similar to how flies would buzz around each other. During both patterns of circular, weaving motions the three objects became so close to each other it was difficult to discern one from the other at times. This confirmed that what I was witnessing was indeed not a small aircraft or a helicopter. I am aware of the kinds of maneuvers our known aircraf! ts are capable of and these three separate objects were not demonstrating ordinary or technical maneuvers, these maneuvers were absolutely mind-boggling. The objects maintained their relative position in the eastern sky, slowly making their way toward the north while holding their altitude. Believing the objects would hold their position I bolted inside the sliding glass door of my bedroom and swiftly grabbed my digital camera. With the objects still within sight it was obvious they had returned to their original equilateral formation in those few seconds, exactly as it was earlier fading in and out of my plain of sight. While fumbling with my camera to set it to video mode, the objects had moved far enough to the north and east that they were no longer visible. Minutes later the sounds of small aircraft could be heard once again, and were beginning to come within sight. I later contacted the Federal Aviation Administration who referred me to the National UFO reporting center per section 6 of FAA regulations regarding Safety, Accident, and Hazard Reports, 7-6-4. Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) Reports. What were these three objects? Why three patters? Why a triangle? How did these objects manage these impossible maneuvers? Why the middle of the day? Why Colorado?  My sighting today has left me with many understandable, unanswered questions. The most poignant of all these questions is: When will I experience a second sighting?? Until then I will keep my eyes on the skies whenever possible.;39.9141244186047;-105.074105813953
As I'm walking home notice a few lights in the sky in formation,  thinkin it's helicopters, when behind the trees more follow behind af;2015-08-31 20:00:00;30 seconds;As I'm walking home, I notice a few lights in the sky in formation,  thinkin it's helicopters, when behind the trees more follow behind after 30 seconds they dissapeared,  5 minutes later all the dogs in the my neighborhood went crazy including mine.;39.9141244186047;-105.074105813953
Two bright bluish-white Orbs spotted over Broomfield, CO on the night of 03SE17, heading S,;2017-09-03 23:30:00;15 minutes;Two bright bluish-white Orbs spotted over Broomfield, Colorado on the night of September 3rd, 2017, heading south. My son (aged 32), wife (aged 59) and I (aged 60) were sitting on my son’s back porch, smoking cigars and talking when I noticed a bluish white orb moving from north to south. It appeared to be moving at 150 mph and at an altitude of 5,000 feet above ground.  This was estimated by judging against planes lining up for landing at DIA.  It did not emit a sound and had no flashing lights.  The orb moved at a steady speed and heading. We followed it with binoculars until it was lost behind trees and houses.  It was tracked for about 15 minutes.  After about five minutes of discussing what we might have just seen, another orb on a similar size, shape, heading and speed was spotted. We were able to get some pictures and video of the second orb.  We could not discern any structure to the shape but we are reasonably sure it was not a hot air balloon due to the duration of the flight and perceived size of the object.  Plus we checked wind directions at various altitudes and! all were in different directions from the orbs flight path.  The sky was clear.   I am a former Air Force Nuclear Officer and very familiar with aircraft and flight characteristics.  This sighting did not fit the normal flight profile.;39.9141244186047;-105.074105813953
