Yellow light over trees Pittsfield NH;2020-08-25 03:22:00;45 minutes approximately;Yellow light over trees Pittsfield NH August 25, 2020 3:00 am & September 11, 2020 9:30 pm -  Pittsfield New Hampshire  I was laying in bed looking out the deck door. I noticed a yellow light in the sky over the trees the line the property. There are not any houses or buildings for quite a long distance behind our location. The light looked to be yellow not white the way that stars and planets appear in the sky. It was also extremely low in the sky appearing to be not far above the treetops.  This struck me as odd because there are not any streetlight poles or other sources of artificial lights in that area. It was also too high up to reasonably be a light pole but too close to the trees to be a plane. It was also just seeming to be staying in the same general location. With such close proximity if it were a small plane or helicopter it would be reasonable to assume there would be some kind of noise generated by the object, but there was none.  Over the space of about 20-30 minutes I just kept looking out the window and it was still there. I decided to try to take photos and videos of it with my cell phone to see if that would make it more clear by possibly bringing it closer to view. The one still photo I took was just a yellow dot. I did notice that the finder mechanism on the phones camera that usually detects faces or something to focus on immediately focused on the yellow light, which I believe those cameras only detect and focus on artificial light sources because I have not seen the focus pick up on natural light from stars or the moon.  I then took two videos with my phone and then went back to bed. I did not actually watch the videos until September 9th. I was not expecting to see anything other than a yellow dot. When I watched the videos, I noticed the object was moving a lot more than I was able to notice just viewing the object in the sky at the time. So, I then expanded the video and that is when I realized the object appears to be spinning and moving a lot and throwing off a lot of light.  I showed the video to my daughter on the evening of September 10th. Then last night on September 11 at 9:30 pm I saw what appeared to be the same light in roughly the same location. I took a few more short videos and have included the one the seems to show the object the best.  I told my daughter and son in law on the 25th and they also observed the light from their bedroom window in the same apartment as me. On September 11th my daughter and I both stood on the deck taking videos of the light together.;43.2874;-71.3352
