Very bright light (we thought it was a planet) upper left of moon that just disappeared;1999-05-18 21:30:00;5 min;Very bright light (we thought it was a planet) upper left of moon that just disappeared We observed a very bright -star- to the upper left of the moon, that appeared to get brighter gradually, then it just disappeared altogether. My son and I searched for it all the way home but it did not reappear.;35.9716;-87.1392
Multiple star like high altitude objects over middle TN.;2007-07-03 23:00:00;2 hours;Multiple star like high altitude objects over middle TN. : We recently made some nice improvements to our backyard and had an in ground pool installed so this has been the perfect place to enjoy the night sky and star gaze this summer. I often stare at the night sky for long periods of time in my pool or hot tub but never before have I witnessed anything like what I saw on the night of July 3rd.  Between 11:00pm and 1:00am I saw roughly 8-10 star like objects silently move across the clear night sky.  From my limited research it appears I could have witnessed the International Space Station (haven't verified it could bee seen from my location at that time)pass over head which I may have but that doesn’t explain the other 8+ objects I saw and they all kind of looked the same with the exception of one shooting star like object.  The first sighting I saw one traveling from my north towards the east horizon followed closely by a similar object trailing a few seconds slightly off the path of the first object. The rest seemed to be traveling roughly in the opposite direction, each traveling from horizon to horizon in a matter of minutes and some appeared to be moving in a less than perfect straight line. During all this I witnessed numerous shooting stars as one would expect however one was unlike any I have ever seen before, much brighter and much slower with a long white tail similar to those I’ve seen on pictures of comets. I must have watched it for about 15+ seconds when it suddenly disappeared low on my horizon.;35.9716;-87.1392
Triangular UFO rising from Nashville and heading south at amazing speed.;2011-07-04 21:00:00;1.5 minutes;Triangular UFO rising from Nashville and heading south at amazing speed. On July the 4th, my wife and I were sitting on our porch which is upstairs in an apartment complex in Fairview Tn.  The time was between 9:30 and 10:00 pm.  Our porch faces east towards south Nashville.   We were watching a few fireworks when we noticed a large red light rising straight upward from the general direction of Nashville.  It never entered my mind that it was a firework as the light rose slowly for several seconds, possibly a minute.  I told my wife that it was a plane and that it only appeared to be going straight up.   The light seemed to get smaller as it rose which seemed strange to me because I thought the airplane was coming toward us.  When the light was at about 75 degrees it sped up dramatically and headed south.  In a matter of about 5 or 6 seconds it disappeared behind the trees, about two thirds of the way from the horizon.   It is difficult to describe the exact movement of this object, but one thing is sure to me.  This object was flying at least 20 times faster than anything that I have ever seen.    We never heard a noise.   At one point it seemed to my wife that the object was not round but triangular with rounded edges.;35.9716;-87.1392
