I live in Northwest Indiana minutes from U.S.A'S busiest Airport. I live south east of Midway,O'hare and just due south of the Gary,Ind;2006-11-07 13:00:00;1 min;I live in Northwest Indiana minutes from U.S.A'S busiest Airport. I live south east of Midway,O'hare and just due south of the Gary,Indiana Griffith and Lansing ports and just to my east about 20 miles Porter County airport. I see planes all the time such as commercial,cargo,small single engine and we have air shows so I also see all types of  Airforce Jets past and present on a STEADY basis. What I had observed near the old Broadmoor Golf course, Pine Island wooded area sout west of the Erie Lackwanna Bike trail in the woods was utterly fantastic ON 11-07-2006. While I was heading due south on the bike trail I had began to smell static electricity ozone. As I got off my bike I began to wipe myself off and it was as if I had been charged or something but it was the smell that got me, it was just like the smell you get when you pull off a fuzzy sweater over a cotton shirt but it was so strong and popping all over my body even by my ears and hair as the fillings in my mouth felt charged or something ,it was so uncomfortable. As clear as day during my flailing around I glanced over the tree line to my west about 120 yard away and begin to view  a flat circle sitting in the air ! as I am gazing at this thing I'am going through my mind trying to figure out what it is im looking at.  I compare it to looking in a cave in the sky with warm colors swirling in a spiral like pattern , this thing sat still as I back tracked north on the trail to get another perspective on this thing as I saw it go down below the tree line then back up a lil higher than it was when I first saw it.Next then for like 5 seconds it looked like it was leaking molten liquid magma or something(wierd) its perimeter turned really bright like it was being eclipsed than blinked up leaving a streak in the sky . what it was I will never ever know. but this thing was no airplane or bright planet Like Jupiter,Mars or a star . This object had  multiple colors , that emitted something and could move like the light when you wave aroun! d  a fla shlight in the dark. This is my only unexplainable sighting of a phenomena or aerial vehicle. thank you ((name deleted));41.4934;-87.3548
