Night time sighting of a dim, bird shaped, pulsating craft, followed by a bright light performing ariel acrobatics.;2002-09-15 22:30:00;5 min;Night time sighting of a dim, bird shaped, pulsating craft, followed by a bright light performing ariel acrobatics. One evening in I think September, 2002, I took my dog out to let her run. As I was looking up at the night sky to the west, I saw what looked like a bat or bird flying due east. It flew very fast. Faster than any bat or bird. It had a dim glow and pulsated and flew in a straight line. It made no sound. I was very excited and my heart was pounding. I knew what I saw. I ran into the house and told my wife that I just saw a ufo and to call my mother and tell her to get her cam-corder ready. (She lives next door.) When I went back outside, about 20 seconds after that sighting, I looked back to the exact spot where the ufo originated in the sky, and saw a bright light going the same direction as that ufo. It was a white light and it moved straight briefly then dropped down very quickly and came back up in a counter-clockwise movement and back to the point in the sky where it came from. both sightings combined lasted only about 2-5 minutes. It was just amazing. This is a genuine report. Although this is very odd, my wife has witnessed a daylight sighting of a trianglur shaped ufo at low altitude 2 years ago and my mother and 4 other witnesses saw a cigar shaped light type ufo around 1974. Both of these sightings as well as the described on took place in the same town literally blockes apart. I will encourage those witnesses to report to this web-site. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.4934;-87.3548
i was almost abducted ALONG WITH ME AND MY FRIENDS I THINK WE ARE ALL FEARED FOR OUR LIFE.;2003-02-11 00:13:00;10 minutes;i was almost abducted ALONG WITH ME AND MY FRIENDS I THINK WE ARE ALL FEARED FOR OUR LIFE. I was sitting on top of my roof watching the midnight sky and all of the sudden there was this big flash and a long trail of it appeared to be smoke then after like 2 minutes there was a big bang it seemed to hover above for about 5 min and then a beam light just shot down on me and my three friends, it was the most weirdest thing ive ever saw then we came to this website to get info and i thought i should report this i do have a picture and also a short video tape if you would like to see this please respond. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know whether this is a serious report, or not.  PD));41.4934;-87.3548
