I saw what was either a craft shaped like a triangle, or three seperate crafts, flying in formation.;2003-05-23 23:35:00;2 minutes;I saw what was either a craft shaped like a triangle, or three seperate crafts, flying in formation. I was watching the sky last night, as it was a very clear and nice night out to be star gazing. (I was waiting for my husband to come home from work, and after that, he was going to stop at the grocery store. He worked until 11:00 PM.)I saw something move in the sky.(Which was not too unusual, there seemed to be a lot of what must have been satellites moving around everywhere, last night.) I saw what looked to be one craft, high in the sky, moving down directly South. It appeared to be three white lights formed in a triangle, moving together perfectly.  It moved really fast, faster than the airplanes that I see coming in from a far distance, and the lights stayed steady, no blinking or changing colors. I heard no sound, but it was pretty far away. (We are about a mile away from the airport, and see a lot of planes coming and going.) My dog was outside with me, and did not act any different than usual.  It slowed down a lot when it came down further from the sky, and started heading North-East. I was not looking through a telescope or binoculars or anything, I just had my glasses on. It seemed at one point, that maybe there were actually three lights, as one or more would move a little, but it was very hard to tell.  I have no idea what this was, but it was so different from the lights I normally see. If it was indeed one craft, it must have been pretty big.  I was still watching when my husband came home, and was knocking at the front door. (I was on the back steps, with the back door open.) I had to leave to go open and un-lock the front door for him, and when I came back, I could not find them. I just kept thinking about them (Or it..) today, and thought maybe I should report it in case someone else saw what I did. I saw a jet today, and thought of how slow it was moving compared to what I saw last night. I asked my husband how fast he thought it was going,(The jet today.) and he said about 600 MPH.( I think that is what he said.)  ---> (If you publish my report, please do not post this next part, thanks.)I have sent you a report before, and never sent you the picture, as the picture showed nothing of significance, sorry, and I felt foolish at that point. I hope you still count this report. Thank you. ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We, at first, thought the witness might have been witness to the International Space Station, which did pass over Havre, MT, that night, but at 22:35 hrs. (MDT).  We do not know what it was she witnessed.  PD));48.5574000000001;-109.6904
Many lights in the sky all at once, four witnesses.;2005-09-14 20:40:00;10 min.;Many lights in the sky all at once, four witnesses. It was a beautiful night, you could see all the stars clearly so I was looking at them with my boyfriend.  Then  five different small bright lights all across the sky appear, we watched them and they became more than just lights.  They all started moving really fast and they came together in a formation. Five bright lights in a circle, all of the sudden a large glowing orange ball appeared in the center.  I was in shock. The biggest ball started to fade in and out as the five other objects stayed completely still, I would say I saw it fade in and out twice and then it disappeared as did four of the five other lights. The one that was left shot off like a rocket into the distance, it climbed very fast and it was gone.  Soon after, two jets flew by the general area.;48.5574000000001;-109.6904
