A bright, non-blinking light moved slowy across the sky, then stopped for several minutes before disappearing;2007-11-18 00:47:00;15 min.;A bright, non-blinking light moved slowy across the sky, then stopped for several minutes before disappearing Mars Moving--are at least that's what it first looked like!  A bright spot the same size, shape, and apparent magnitude of Mars moved through Perseus at around 0:32 EST, Bethesda, MD. I was looking at comet 17P Holmes, and checking out the planets, when my friend asked to borrow my binoculars to 'look at the ISS.' This object was moving at a  slower speed than most satellites (I estimate it would have taken 20 minutes to cross the sky, instead of 4-6) but it was not on the correct orbital track for timing or part of the sky, etc. according to Heavens-above.com which has orbital data for most objects. Several thorough searches have yielded nil. The light moved in a straight path from my field of view, and did not change in brightness, which may have indicated a change in altitude. The object appeared to be at an incredibly high altitude, which is why we thought that it must be a satellite, since even aircraft that are visible in binoculars would be in restricted airspace for this part of the sky. The flight path for National Airport is the SSW, along the Potomac River, and does not cross this field of view. After moving to within 2° of Capella in Auriga, it ceased movement. Just. Like. That.  We had watched it move for about 6 minutes from the NNE to the center of my FOV.  The light remained motionless for another ~3 minutes.  Its appearance in the binoculars was similar to Mars, in that it was a bright pink light that did not twinkle. The light then moved slowly in a southerly direction for about 3° and disappeared.  The 'real' Mars was visible in the next constellation over, so the light  definitely was NOT the planet.  No change in rate of speed or brightness occurred, no cracking or popping noises accompanied it--and it stopped moving for several minutes, so I'm fairly sure that it was not a meteor. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));38.9779;-77.0806000000002
