While walking on route 209 south, 2 miles north of Port Jervis, ny, I noticed a dull red light far in the distance.  At first sighting,;1981-09-01 20:00:00;20 minutes;While walking on route 209 south, 2 miles north of Port Jervis, ny, I noticed a dull red light far in the distance.  At first sighting, the object would be approximately over Milford, PA.  It slowly came closer, following a northeast heading.  As it came even closer, passing directly over Port jervis, I could see it was a cluster of red lights that formed a right triangle, traveling with its long side forward.  Standing there on the highway, (looking straight up at it while cars drove past me), it looked like several rows of red lights, (8-7-6-etc.), forming the triangle.  It was a cloudy night and I couldn't see any real shape, just the perfect triangle of red lights traveling as one thing.  I guessed it to be about 200-300 feet wide and 100-150 feet from front to back.  It was approximately 400 feet over my head and silent, except for the faintest hiss. It was not rounded like a blimp, but flat.  It continued in its northeast direction traveling about 30-40 miles per hour. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.3786;-74.6691
Two glowing red/orange triangular objects.;2012-11-27 20:10:00;3 minutes;Two glowing red/orange triangular objects Driving (North/West) on Pike Street.  Light traffic.  Well lit – businesses and street lamps.  Weather was cold and cloudy but there was a clearing in the night sky – by the time I arrived home (appx. 7 mins. After sighting, it had clouded up again).  I saw two objects very high in the sky.  What caught my eye was the brightness and the color.  I pulled over to get a better look through my moon roof.  What I saw was inexplicable in terms of anything else I’ve ever seen in the sky.   Both objects appeared identical although one was either much smaller of much higher up – appearing less than half the size of the other.  They were pretty much dead overhead and I had to crane my neck to watch them. The closer (larger) was the one I got a pretty good look at.  It appeared to be triangular in shape with softened – almost blurry, slightly rounded edges.  The objects stayed lit the entire time I watched and there was no blinking at all.  There seemed to be a little bit of variation, however, much like a candle flame if it could be encapsulated into a triangle shape.  It appeared to be lit from within with no individual light sources that I could see.  Actually very pretty – glowing red with a lighter orangey-red/yellow on the edges.  The objects seemed to be about 70% red with the lighter color at 30% divided between the three sides.  In addition, there seemed to be an oblong shape that bisected the triangle lengthwise.  It appeared to be lighter in color – similar to, but a little lighter than the orangey-red yellow of the edges.  This gave me the impression of being somehow more substantial than the rest of the object.  This was not visible on the smaller (further away! ?) object likely because of the lack of detail at that distance. In terms of size, I had the impression that these were large objects seen at a great distance rather than small objects seen closer.  If I were to hold a dime up at arms length, the larger object would have approximated the size of the dime.  If anything, somewhat smaller. When I first saw the objects, they were perfectly still.  Just “hanging” there.  At some point, the larger object began a trajectory in the South/Southwest direction at a very slow speed.  This prompted me to move my car because it had moved to a point behind a tree.  While driving to the corner, I frantically looked around to see if there were any other witnesses but I didn’t see any pedestrians and traffic was moving normally.  It was at this point, I looked again and they were gone. There was no sound that I could discern – just normal traffic noises.   At first, I thought this might be an airplane on fire but the entire plane would have had to be engulfed and it would have had to remain stationary in the air while it burned.  This while an identical airplane also burned at a higher altitude.  So, I don’t think it was that!  Also, flames would have motion associated to them and this just glowed.;41.3786;-74.6691
