Reverse wing craft moving very fast down the coast with no lights, noise, or contrail.;2011-10-21 21:00:00;10-15 seconds;Reverse wing craft moving very fast down the coast with no lights, noise, or contrail. The time of the event was approximately 2100 hours on Friday October 21 2011.  The writer of this report has 2 BS and 2 MS degrees and a military background.  The writer is also 40 years old and has never saw or reported a UFO event in the past.  This is my first real experience.  I do have a background in science so I do believe that there is other life in our vast universe but until this event I had never really given real credence to intelligent life being here on earth. The evening in Monterey, CA was very nice at around 60 degrees and very clear.  We were celebrating the birthday party of my 12 year old daughter and decided to take all the helium filled balloons outside and release them for good luck.  The whole party included 3 adults, including myself, and 12 children with the average age being 12.  We were all looking up and watching the balloons go up when I noticed the object streaking across the sky.  I pointed at it and said out loud “does everyone see that thing.”  We all did except for one of the little girls.  We followed it until it was gone and then we all were sort of dumbfounded as to what it was.  On any other evening we would not even have been looking up but because we were watching the balloons we just happened to be looking up at the night sky. The two other adults, one of which is my wife, were really sort of at a loss as to what to tell the children other than we did not know for sure what it was.  There were also some shooting stars and an actual airplane so we were able to judge that it was not anything conventional that we were aware of.  It was moving from north to south and because we are on the coast I believe that it was using the coast line to navigate in a southerly direction.  The speed was very vast coming in from north and only staying in view for approximately 15 seconds at an angle of about 120 degrees, almost horizon to horizon. The object looked industrial or what I would say on earth as manufactured and not like a rock or some other type of object.  It had sort of an airplane shape but the wings were in the reverse chevron direction.  It had no sort of tail wins but there was a nose with a bit of a cone shape.  It was moving very fast with no sound at all.  There were no lights on the object so it was not a plane.  It sort of looked clear as if you could see through it but I believe that we were seeing the reflection of the city lights on the bottom of the craft.  At the same time there was a human airplane flying higher than the observed craft flying perpendicular to the UFO.  There were also several shooting stars so we were able to determine that it was not any of these things.  And because we had released the balloons for the party we could see depth to the space between us the balloons and the real airplane and the unidentified craft was sort of in the middle space flying across.  The speed ! was nothing I had ever seen in all my time in the military or observing other aircraft including military aircraft.  And it was also in an absolute straight line trajectory.  It was not threatening or anything like that but rather peaceful in its movement.  This experience has changed all that I believe about what is among us. I can not rule out the fact that this could have been some type of experimental aircraft.  I do live in an area that is in close enough proximity to military bases that work and do research on military operations that it is conceivable that it could have been an experiment.  That being said it is still out of my realm of understanding of physics and science to totally let this one go as the speed and lack of sound of the object did not fit into the conventional paradigm of conventional thinking on my part.  There was no streaking or any type of contrail and there were other examples in the background to go off of.  I have also observed satellites in the sky and this was larger than that and also moved faster.  It also did not seem to have any noticeable propulsion system as it trailed off.  We did not see any fire or thrust. This was definitely not anything that I have ever observed before. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone at length with this witness, and he seemed to us to be unusually eloquent and objective in his description of the object.  We suspect that he is an exceptionally good witness.  PD));36.589061627907;-121.862505813954
