Luminous oval-shaped light seen over Monterey.;1999-08-01 22:10:00;6-7 mins.;Luminous oval-shaped light seen over Monterey. My daughter and I were driving north on Highway 1 that evening.  We were approximately 8 miles south of Carmel when we spotted what appeared at first to be a short contrail from on aircraft approximately 35 degrees above the horizon, to the north of us.  We could not determine how far this light was, except that from our position it appeared to be above Monterey, or possibly beyond it, over the water.  As we drove on, this light appeared to expand into an oval shape.  It did not appear to move, or moved very slowly (keeping in mind that we were driving towards it).  The oval light began to fade, leaving a concentrated pinpoint of light, which then disappeared altogether. I would appreciate confirmation as to whether anyone else sighted a similar phenomenon that night.  Please email me. ((NUFORC Note:  Time corrected to 2210 hrs. by witness 20AU99.));36.589061627907;-121.862505813954
Across the graveyard near Dennis the Menance park looking toward Carmel/Big Sur. Me EX Airforce!;2003-06-15 12:00:00;15 seconds;Across the graveyard near Dennis the Menance park looking toward Carmel/Big Sur. Me EX Airforce! Near the graveyard across from dennis the menace park while driving I looked to the left across the graveyard through the tree's and noticed this object that looked in the shape of a blimp. It was a clear day, the heat was reflecting off the object, no writing on the object and it was not moving it appeared. I was trying to look while I was driving but started to go off the road so I turned right into the dennis the menace park so I could turn around and drive into the grave yard (took about 10 seconds) when I got into the graveyard I could not find anything in the sky (there were no clouds) if it were a blimp it could not have went out of view that quickly. I work for the government and was in the Airforce always lived near airports and never believed about UFO's but this was definately strange. Well about a year later I was talking to a friend and the subject came up of UFO's and I mentioned it to him and he told me that another friend of his told him of the day he was working in the baseball field at Dennis the Menace park and thought he saw a UFO. My friend couldn't believe two simarlar stories from two different people who don't know each other happening at the same place and probably around the same time. He said he wants me to meet his friend so we can go over our accounts. Someday soon I'm planning on doing that. The sight I saw seems to be burned in my mind. The thing that stood out is how still it was and the heatwaves relecting off. It gave me an eeiry feeling after the sighting. The object looked metallic greyish/silverish, the heat reflecting off really made it stand out to me. It was on my mind so I thought I would report it now. Unfortunately I don't have a specific date but I know it was about three to three and a half years ago. I should of wrote everything down then. Hey, working for the government I didn't think I wanted to go around talking about possibly seeing a UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  Time and date are approximate.  We have assigned an artificial time and date, based on the description provided by the witness.  PD));36.589061627907;-121.862505813954
