Luminous red disc  shaped craft  seen on top of hillside;2014-09-21 20:45:00;5 minutes;Luminous red disc  shaped craft  seen on top of hillside I was standing on a hilltop looking to the east with a pair of Bushnell binoculars when my eyes come upon a luminous red disc or football shaped craft against a hill in Corte Madera which is basically on the south side of the Corte Madera Marina where a series of hills overlook San Francisco Bay and these hills also include Tiburon-Mill Valley area to the southeast. This craft was huge and a dark red almost like a dark cherry red.  It was totally lit up and glowing.  I could'nt really see any details except it was basically disc shaped  and maybe 100 feet long and not very tall.  It looked like 2 plates joined together. This object looked totally different than anything else I've seen lately and it looked like it was sitting on the west side of this hill on the grass.  During my 5 to 10 minutes I watched this object it moved from right to left about 200 yards really slow like at a walking pace.  Then it just seemed to disappear like a light switch turning off.  There were several other craft in the immediate area but they were really low key and barely visible unless you had binoculars.  There was no sound heard except for the crickets outside.  This is the second time in 9 days I believe I've seen a landed craft in this same spot and the other night on 9-12-14 I just happened to be filming with a camcorder and captured a craft that changed color from orange to white and basically moved from right to left about 200 yards on this hill. It could be that it was flying or hovering in front of the hill but even that is basically impossible for a normal aircraft. These craft (with the exception of the red disc) all look the same. They look like an ice cream cone turned sideways so the white light or orangish light is  on the left and there is a black pointed tail shape to the right. They look like craft seen on Area 51 footage that I've seen in amateur footage. There were other white and orange lights that joined this craft that I have on f! ilm on 9-12-14 and a second craft looks like it's sitting on t! he right corner on the top of this hill.Anyway this hill in Corte Madera has these huge objects that approach from the east and hover over the left corner of this hill like a lit up Christmas tree and then they go backwards and down on the S.F. Bay side of the hill and then either the same object or another identical object will do the exact same thing and sink down behind the hill. If you are standing up in the hills you can really notice this activity and I wish more people would notice this. Any doubts I had that these might be conventional aircraft seen at a distance were laid to rest one night in April of this year when I was directly involved in one of the most bizarre close encounters-landing-other worldly encounter that was so unbelievable I still can't believe it.;37.9253;-122.51392
Huge glowing red craft emerges from behind  Corte Madera hillside.;2015-01-30 22:50:00;5 minutes;Huge glowing red craft emerges from behind  Corte Madera hillside. I saw a huge red glowing object, shaped like a football with curved right and left sides, but way more circular and fat from top to bottom, literally rise straight up from behind a hill in Corte Madera, that sits on the Bay just east of Hwy. 101.   I have never seen anything quite like this in all my life.  This craft rapidly approached a cluster of yellow gold luminous objects that I had been watching for the last couple of minutes.  It started out as 2 or 3 lights, and then there were 5, and then 8, lights in a V-formation and in a straight line in front of this hill.   This glowing red object had no features except a sort of brim around the center, making it look like two inverted bowls held together and was strobing and pulsating in one color-a dark red.  It was huge compared to these other yellow gold lights and looked very solid and metallic.  It suddenly banked and headed to the south through San Francisco and kept going very fast.;37.9253;-122.51392
Huge long luminous red cigar disc craft seen in Marin County.;2016-12-03 19:30:00;5 minutes;Huge long luminous red cigar disc craft seen in Marin County. I saw a huge glowing red disc-/cigar-shaped object manuevering back and forth in front of this hill on the east side of Corte Madera.  This was a real craft and I saw it through high powered binoculars perfectly clear.  It was a bright cherry red and completely lit up like a glowing light bulb.  It had no lights on it, there was no haze around it and the whole craft was totally luminous.   I got an incredible look at it. even though I was about 3 or 4 miles away, I saw everything.  It came from over the top of this hill and abruptly stopped near the right top of this hill.  I specifically noticed that when this craft was moving it was a bright cherry red and when it slowed down and hovered, it changed to a dull orange brownish color.  This craft dropped way down on this hillside almost landing on the grass and I could see the top of this object.  It had some kind of a slanted curved dome like structure on the top and once again when it slowed down it turned a burnt ora! nge color.  This object disappeared and re-appeared several times in various locations on the west side of this hill before it finally travelled from left to right and went in between 2 sets of hills at really low level and headed toward Mill Valley and Tiburon.  I was looking down at this object from up in the hills toward the west and I could see it perfectly clear from the top and from the side through the binoculars.  The night was perfectly clear and the size of this thing and the luminous glowing of this object was unbelievable.   I believe that other people might have also seen this as it was near the 101 Freeway and this incident happened at about 7:30 to 7:40 P.M., I wanted to mention that I had a cluster of lights sighting on 11-10-16 with 2 other witnesses.  We saw a group of 8 to 15 orbs of light in San Rafael near the Bay.  I am mentioning this because you have other San Rafael sighting being reported on 11-09 and 11-11-16 by independent witnesses.;37.9253;-122.51392
