stationary fireball changes color and redefines speed as it moves north;1990-07-01 21:00:00;7 min;stationary fireball changes color and redefines speed as it moves north At first , it was just a high altitude stationary fireball. But three small dots emerged ( I'm assumming they might be Foo Fighters) and flew north. The fireball remained static until the dots(Foo Fighters?) returned. Then the high altitude stationary object turned from a fireball into an extremelly blue light and flew north at a speed that made the atmosphere burn in its wake. When I say I have seen 4 crafts , it must be understood that I saw all crafts in one experience.;37.9253;-122.51392
I saw a glowing, spherical object in the sky tonight that accelerated in speed, then disappeared.;2000-08-13 22:00:00;4 seconds;I saw a glowing, spherical object in the sky tonight that accelerated in speed, then disappeared. I glanced up at the sky and, directly between the constellations of Ursa Major and Canes Venatici, was a fiery object.  It moved west, horizontally for three or four seconds.  The area it occupied began below Phecda (Ursa Major) and moved slightly past Canes Venatici.  The shape was hard to describe.  At first, I thought it was a plane.  My neighborhood lies below a flight path so there is always a lot of air traffic, especially at night.  I do, however, know the difference between a plane and something that is not.  This object was about twice the size of an airplane and three times as bright.  The shape seemed spherical, with a bright golden aura surrounding it.  The center was the brightest, a deep gold/light orange.  There was no trail or dust following it.  The reason it caught my eye was because it accelerated in its speed.  The best way to describe its disappearance was that it slipped into an invisible pocket in the sky.  I am reporting this because I KNOW it was not an airplane and I was wondering if anyone else saw it.  I really would like to know what it was.  I see movement in the sky every night, but nothing ever like this and as bright as this.;37.9253;-122.51392
