bright green light in the sky near the highway that  within seconds moved, paused, and vanished.;2008-02-11 21:00:00;6seconds;bright green light in the sky near the highway that  within seconds moved, paused, and vanished. UFO Sighting - 9pm, Feb. 11th, 2008 - Stroudsburg, PA  	I was driving home from NJ to the PA, on route 80 west. About 5 minutes after crossing the border into PA, while driving my car, I looked up and saw a fairly bright green light in the sky (the green light seemed to also have a little white to it, like as if it was a second smaller light). I watched it for about a second figuring it was just another plane, but about 2 seconds later this green light moved so fast (up and out toward the distance), in what it seemed was a straight line and stopped for a brief half-second at most, and then moved again and just vanished. The entire sighting was no more than 6 seconds.  	To best way visualize this would be as described: If I was holding a ruler in my hand while watching this object, looking into the sky, it was a good few miles away. Now I can't be for sure because it was dark out and depth perception is a little difficult for the circumstances I was in, but it was definitely a mile away in the sky. If you were a 6 foot tall person sitting back in the seat viewing this, from the middle of the steeling wheel if you measure up about 10 inches that is where the green light was. It stood still for about 2 seconds, then moved very quickly almost instantly about 4 inches and 25 degrees to the right and up. This tells me it moved what it seemed would be a mile or more further away in a short period of time. After it moved 4 inches it paused for a second, and kept going very quickly into the distance but at about a 30 degree angle this time. This pause was barely a pause. It was almost a flawless movement but was not a straight line.  	Overall, this was the first time I truly believe I've seen a UFO. I feel like I've never felt before after seeing that. It was like there was a lightning bug inches away from my car, and moved so quickly, and into the distance. I'm glad I saw what I did. I feel like all the events in my life, leading up to this drive to PA, due to something that happened in my life, being at the right place at the right time, and seeing this UFO, is the reason past events happened in my life... just to see the UFO tonight! I will never forget it. Thank you.;40.9859999999999;-75.2435999999998
