Childhood close encounter, other individuals present were paralyzed and have no recollection of event.;1999-01-02 00:00:00;30 minutes;childhood close encounter, other individuals present were paralyzed and have no recollection of event. Object description: saucer-like.  Two main sections, one lower section, and an upper section roughly half the diameter of the lower section.  Color was silvery-grey.  Object emitted an ear piercing buzzing noise at all times until it departed.  While no lights were visible on the object, night sky was lit up as if an overcast day. Narrative:  I was six years old at the time and in the first grade.  It was shortly after the new year, and my grandparents were visiting from out of town (my grandfather was a recently retired career investigator for the Federal Government who still had to make regular court appearances on behalf of the United States and as such was unable to host Christmas festivities that year, so they came for New Years). I had been awakened by the loud buzzing noise and was in my bed, which was in a bedroom that I shared with my younger sibling.  There was a window directly above his bed.  As I awoke I was lying on my side, facing his window and observed the object hovering above the block that my home was on at an altitude of about 100ft (if my memory serves, which admittedly it may not).  I was immediately panic stricken and ran to my parents’ bedroom, hoping to awaken my father, who as an avid hunter, had several firearms which I believed would be effective for protection against UFO-associated entities (which to my six year old mind meant “space aliens”).  While I did not scream (fearful that screaming would alert the entities to my location and thus put me in danger), I did violently try to shake my parents awake.  They would not awaken. Realizing that I would be unable to rouse my parents, I came to the conclusion that the only safe space to hide was underneath their blankets.  I did not cover my eyes, as I wanted early warning if entities were to enter the room so I could hide further or make some attempt at resisting.  I remained there for several minutes, motionless, terrified that they would discover me if I moved or made a sound. After several minutes had passed, I heard a loud “whooshing” noise (the closest thing that the whoosh sounded like was the sound of the SOLG firing in the 2005 video game “Ace Combat 5” from the penultimate mission).  After the whooshing noise, the sky darkened and the ear piercing buzzing stopped. I remained motionless for slightly longer, fearful that the object would return and that this was all a ploy to get me to drop my defenses.  After some additional time had passed, I was convinced they were gone for good and passed out. The next morning I told my story to my family members.  At that time and to this day, they have no recollection of the events of that night, but do remember hearing me tell this story to them in my childhood.  My parents dismissed it as a dream, but this series of events had no similarities with the dreams I often had at that time (for starters, my nightmares always took place outdoors or at school, never inside my home, and I would bolt awake upon seeing any monsters or robots – and never did I see anything that looked like a UFO-associated entity in my nightmares). Only one of my peers in school had any UFO-related incidents to my knowledge, but he tragically passed away several years ago.  I have had no further UFO incidents or any dreams/memories that could be interpreted as being abduction related.  However, a handful of relatives (also sadly now deceased) have reported close encounters of their own when hearing my tale. I suspect that this might have been an abduction-event, but one in which some other person was targeted and that for whatever reason, I was unable to be paralyzed.;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
Two separate observations of the same UFO object/behavior with blind verification.  Close proximity.;2007-07-21 21:00:00;Under 2 seconds;Two separate observations of the same UFO object/behavior with blind verification.  Close proximity. July 21, 2007 Approx. 21:00 Central Time Northwest of Madison WI Traveling Southeast on RT 12 and while turning East onto RT 19. Partly cloudy skies, dusk light, slight breeze.  My wife, son and I were driving home from a walk in the woods.  It was dusk.   I was driving, my wife was in the front passenger seat and our 3 ½ year old son was in the back child seat (not a very reliable witness, I'm afraid.)   While heading southeast on rt 12 shortly after crossing the Wisconsin River we were driving up the hill leading out of the river valley.  My attention was on the street in front of me when I “felt” something trigger in my peripheral vision vertically above my line of sight.  My gaze moved strait up and I found myself seeing a saucer shaped object with a high dome centered on top.  The object appeared to be relatively close and at a low altitude.  Between the visible horizon  and our location.  If I were to guess a diameter based on the perceived distance of the object I would say it was similar to that of a medium size commercial airplane, but that's really a shot in the dark.  The object radiated it's own light, which appeared similar to the Sun.  A high energy orange-ish yellow, but did not appear to be flickering or com busting, appeared very stable.  As soon as my direct vision registered this object it promptly disappeared.  Just sort of blinked out of existence.  I barely acknowledged it.  Although it did seem extraordinary, it was so quick and I was the only observer so it seemed almost useless to talk about and I promptly stuffed it to the back of my head. In addition to the above reasons for not dwelling on it is that I have been doing some fairly in depth research into the ufo disclosure culture recently and it could easily be interpreted that it was what I *wanted* to see.  It would have been left at that, except about 3 – 4 minutes later I was making a left hand turn onto WI HW 19 east and out of the left edge of my peripheral vision I saw the same color in the sky.  But before  I even had the time to turn my head and look at it my wife GASPED.  “Did you see it too!!?” *Now* I was excited.  Before explaining at all what “it” was or indicating my observation, she described the same object, color, including it blinking out of visual perception as soon as her attention was drawn to it. She actually got a better view of it than I did.  It's possible this was a second object separate from the one I witnessed, but I doubt it.  It seemed like it had been stationary relative to our change in location.  When we got home she drew what she saw and her drawing matched up perfectly with the shape I saw.  The most curious part of all of this is that it's only been for the last few weeks that she and I (to a greater extent, me) have been researching available data on the web pertaining to ufos/technology, attempting to find only the most credible sources and hard data.  It's amazing how much is out there, buried in disinformation, noise and junk claims, but the credible stuff is mind blowing and almost incomprehensibly important.  Regardless of what we saw tonight, it does feel like we are on the verge of something trans-formative as a species.   We better be, or else we'll just been a sedimentary layer of interesting archaeological artifacts soon enough.  I'm interested in speaking with other rational people about these topics.  I will see if the site admin here is willing to connect other with me without publicly disclosing my information.  Otherwise check out Craigslist or myspace for “madison wi exo-politics” in some form or fashion.  +m;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
Disk shaped object came  from bright blue and white light in the sky;2011-11-27 22:43:00;2-3 sec;disk shaped object came  from bright blue and white light in the sky i was walking around in my room when i saw a round flash of light like a portel or something then i stared at the light and after ten 3-4 seconds it disapeered and then a round disk shaped oblject appered about 10-50 feet off the ground it had a bright red light on its top left side it also appearted to have 2 windows sideby side with light comeing from them it made no noise whatsoever it was moving at a speed of 5-10 miles N HOUR;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
White saucer seen near Madison.;2013-03-22 05:35:00;30 seconds;White saucer seen near Madison I was driving on I90/I39 towards Madison.  About 2 miles from the 12/18 Exit, I looked across the Southbound lanes up into the sky.  I saw a big, bright white saucer shaped object just hovering.  I did not see it long as I was driving, although I looked back several times.  I looked again this morning, to make sure that I was not mistaken and actually saw something else, but there is nothing there, no lights at all.;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
On bike path just west of Black Hawk Golf Course.  I looked up in the sky and it appeared to look like a shooting star.  Then I could t;2016-03-17 20:10:00;1-3 seconds;On Bike Path just west of Black Hawk Golf Course.  I looked up in the sky and it appeared to look like a shooting star.  Then I could tell it was disc-shaped.   Then It banked to my left.  Then it disappeared.  It glowed orange yellow as though it was reflecting the light from the Sun.   I was looking in the direction toward Lake Mendota, and University Avenue was on my Right.   When I got home my cell phone said it was 9:07 pm.  The time on the microwave and oven was 8:36 as was the time on my girlfriend's computer.;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
Pictures I took show an odd looking object in the sky surrounded by bright light.;2019-11-24 17:00:00;1 minute;Pictures I took show an odd looking object in the sky surrounded by bright light. I was outside of a store called “JoAnn Fabrics” facing west when I noticed a nice sunset. I then proceeded to take two pictures from my phone camara, one right after another, holding one higher in the air than the other. Upon viewing the pictures, I immediately noticed that a light with some sort of saucer type shape, above right to the sun, was apparent that was not there when I took the pictures. I am assuming that this may be the moon, however, there were no clouds in the sky to cover the lower half of a would be moon, and the object seems to have risen much higher in the sky in the 2nd picture, which doesn’t make sense for the object being the moon as the pictures were taken seconds apart. Please let me know if this is a valid UFO or if it is some sort of weather anomaly. If it could be identified as a UFO, I can only assume the reason for it not being visible by eye would be because of some sort of cloaking?  Thank you.;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
