Object moving slowly down a row of homes. Crossed boulevard and disappeared over warehouse. drove under it thinking it a police helicop;1983-12-01 02:00:00;2.5 minutes;Object moving slowly down a row of homes. Crossed boulevard and disappeared over warehouse. drove under it thinking it a police helicopter dowing surveilance.  Very disturbing and panicked when eyes met driver of on coming traffic who witnessed same. Ok, so it bothers you're web site doesn't make any mention of this because it was in the local paper the following day as having been witnessed by a cop patroling Milwaukee Street.  Anyway as for my experience I was coming home from the Univ of Wisc Madison's library and it was late and very cold out.  I pull up to the light going northbound on Johnson Street (just past Tenney park near the police repair shop and old paint warehouses) and about 15 feet above the roof of this house down Johnson Street on my right is this thing.  It was black, but appeared illuminated - kinda dim like - underneath.  I didn't think much about it. Thought it was probably a police helicopter searching the neighborhood for some East High School punks.  But it kept my attention cause it wasn't really a spot light eminanting shining down into backyards.  Also it didn't have any blinking helicopter like lights on top.  What ever it was doing it was moving slow, steady and smooth and kept following over the row of roofs.  From what I could see it look like a rounded off van with a fat base.  My light changed and I started on my way about the same time the helicopter finished with the roofs and was headed across the street.  Alot of observations started coming real fast as I approached to go under it.  It was about 15 feet off the ground.  It was uniform in its black color but had definite seams. No windows. The one distinct feature I remember the most was a cross like seam (real pronounced like) on its belly.  This is about when all the contradictions started pooring in.  First off, there was loose snow - if it was a helicopter how come it wasn't kicking up snow?  And the bushes in the boulevard - they didn't twitch like they were caught in any chopper wash either.  I remember shutting the heater off and coasting without the gas peddle down so I could hear the helicopter.  Helicopters are noisy but none of the houses had woken up, and I wasn't hearing anything and I was right underneath it. And I felt kinda funny passing underne! ath it.  The car reacted like it was mildly buffeted by helicopter wash and I can recall kinda of a slow down.  And something was wrong about the illumination it was casting down. The light was dim but clear and the shrub branches kind of reflected like hotdogs under a heat lamp at the gas station.  So I realize now somethings fundamentally wrong.  I take my foot of the gas and this thing rises slowly to pass over the warehouse just beyond the oncoming lane's traffic.  I'm borderline freaking out and so this guy in this big vanilla colored older model chevy (the kind that seats about twenty) is coming at me in the oncoming traffic lane and he's got his face like smashed up against the windshield over his steering wheel looking real hard at what ever the thing was.  And he gives me this blank big eyed look.  After that I this wasn't right and went  right into an adreniline pump that kept me pacing when I got home for at least a half an hour.  The next day it was the newspaper being reported as mussing around on the far east side.  I really try not to talk about this.  And if I'm not sure I think I entered this same experience into this web site before - it feels good to say something.;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
These personal encounters happened when I was a child in the late 80s-early 90s. At the time, I took it as “Angelic Visitations”, but l;1990-06-30 21:00:00;2-4 hours;These personal encounters happened when I was a child in the late 80s-early 90s. At the time, I took it as “Angelic Visitations”, but later in my life have now understood it better. First, I would consider myself a Catholic and have Faith in God.  I started to have memory recalls around 2019. I remember going to bed in my bedroom when I was a child and eventually waking up to a “floating” like feeling, almost like you’re on a “cloud” rising in the air. The whole time I could not move, except for my eyes, I could look around. I remember seeing 3 Human-like Beings, the 1st primary Being in front of me, the 2nd to my right side and the 3rd behind me. They all were within 2-3 of me. I remember Light and an odd smell that was unique, not a bad smell but different. I know they were Human-like, but it was hard to see them totally. They were not short, but not too tall, thin build, Human-like appearance. I took it as they were Angels, like an Angelic Visitation at the time, especially since I was a child too that is how I understood it.  I recall them wanting to show me these events, these images. They were to the left/front of me several feet away and were like multiple floating monitors without any trim etc. moving left to right. Almost like on an invisible conveyer belt. The monitors were like a 22inch-27inch size. It was like watching multiple live events. They were very real and vivid. These 3 Beings wanted to show me this. I remember seeing natural disasters, including earthquakes, drought, and floods. I saw pain and suffering, famine and disease and wars. Horrible wars between Nations, I saw the real pain and felt the suffering emotionally.  As, I was seeing these events, because of all the emotions I was experiencing, the 1st primary Being in front of me told me that I was safe, and no harm would come to me. That I was ok. The Being communicated this to me thru my mind though telepathy. They knew what I was thinking and feeling. I felt like they cared and had compassion for me and humanity. The whole time I had no fear or felt like I was in danger from these 3 Beings. I felt safe. The only time I felt all kinds of emotions was when they showed me these events.  I know these events that were shown to me had not happened yet and were events that either took place in the future or possibly events that could be avoided depending on our own actions here on Earth. There trying to help us, that is the feeling I got from them. And we are more alike then different too. We have a common bond that we share between them and us, I felt that.  After being shown these events, I recall a short discussion but cannot remember the rest. Afterwards, I recall waking up in a curled fetal position on a tweed fabric Lazy Chair in the main room. I thought I had sleepwalked or something, because I do not recall how I got there from my bedroom, considering I was asleep in my bedroom.  I recall 2-4 hours had passed by.  Several years later in my teens, I remember feeling a small oval object near my lower right jawbone between the skin and bone specifically. I could and still can move it slightly in all directions. I have experienced no pain etc. from this object in me that I am aware of. So, I have just left it alone and figured it is supposed to be there and move on. After, I had felt that object in my lower right jawbone as a teen, I had totally forgotten about it for many years and only recently recalled that I had that object in my lower right jawbone.  To this day, I have not recalled everything, but for what I am able to remember. I have been quiet about it for the most part telling very few. I have only started to be more open about my personal encounter experiences since the more open discussions that are now happening regarding this subject matter.  I hope this helps and thank you for your time.;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
very small pulsing lite over madison not moving in a  line and moving slower than jets;2002-05-24 17:50:00;4 min;very small pulsing lite over madison not moving in a  line and moving slower than jets I was standing on my back porch looking at the sky their was a high jet flying by and I noticed a very small shimering lite about the size of a star or sarurn. It moved very slowly toward me from the south almost directly above,  moved to east a little then away from me toward the south east.  It was blinking the whole time in irregular pulses, at times I could not see it till it shimered/ pulsed.  I got my small pair of binoculars out and it looked somewhat incondecent, with difrent colors the way oil on the wat pavement looks. i could not dissurne a specific shape, something like a ball but it was very small and I could only see it when it was pulsing lite. it went behind a tree from my point of view so i came to report it in hopes someone else can take a look if they are in the area.  Im going to go look for it again Ill let you know if I see it again. pulsing lite over madison follow up Follow up, sorry about the time I should have put 17:50. I took a walk to look for it again but did not see it any more.  Thanks for your your intrest and way to connect us with this type of info.  your freind -((name deleted));43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
brilliant white, red, blue, green light hovering for 20 minutes, then droping in elevation w3/ out the light ever geting dimmer;2007-05-12 23:00:00;15-20 min;brilliant white, red, blue, green light hovering for 20 minutes, then droping in elevation w3/ out the light ever geting dimmer We wre smoking on the back deck of mt girlfriend's apt, and I noticed a very bright star and mentioned it to her. She said that its a plane, and I was very doubtfull that was the case due to the brightness of the light and the elvation. The only light on a plane that is that bright is the taxi light, and the elvation was not coducive to a landing pattern. This object was not mooving as fast as a plane would if it was landing, flying towards or away from us. My reference was the fact that this object's light was equally intense through the whole sighting, the light did dissapear then returned several times while keeping the same position in the night sky. It was just hanging in the skly several hudred feet above and few miles southwest of the dane county airport. My girlfriend and I were watching the light and I'd begun to think that this was just A low flying plne traveling away from us at an angle that made it appear to not move at all. I was in the navy for a while in the late 90's as an A.E. stationed in Lemoore Ca., and have seen alot of aircraft flying at night. This was like nothing I've ever seen. The object would dim out then come back just as bright as before, when looking at it through my girlfriend's digital camera  the stillframe side and magnified it appeared to change color as aposed to the white light shutting off, it would change to deep red, blue, and green. The object would also shoot multi colored beams of light out of the top of the object. The beams gave me the impression that ther was more to the object than we could see in the night. The object started to move lower in elevation not losing any brilliance to the light, and it would move side to side, we went outside to see more, watching for about 1 half of an hour.;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
Madison, WI - Lasers illuminate me on 2 different occasions.  Deafening wooshing sound.;2013-12-13 23:00:00;3 seconds;Madison, WI - Lasers illuminate me on 2 different occasions.  Deafening wooshing sound. I went outside for  break from wrapping presents when I noticed a red light, circular in shape, in the snow, next to my car.  It blinked 3 times and then disappeared.  It was 3 to 4 feet wide.   The reason I'm reporting  this is because after seeing this it reminded me of an experience I had a couple years ago, around 1am.  I was biking down Blount street toward the High Noon Saloon.  When I was on the sidewalk next to the MG&E coal castle I was engulfed in a green light or laser that was coming from quite a distance as I could tell the laser was breaking up around me.  I stopped my bike, and the green light stopped.  besides the Christmas similarities I find it rather disturbing.  I don't think it's alien in nature.   Another Madison experience I had about 6 to 8 years ago, we were sitting in my living room with the windows open when we heard a deafening wooshing sound.  It was spring or fall and lasted for 20 seconds.  Quite a while and was reported in the paper. I nev! er heard a conclusion I think the lights are Taran of nature... now the big question... why me?  And what was the wooshing sound?;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
3 bright orange objects, traveling in a straight line, W-NW, in Madison, WI.;2016-10-20 21:01:00;5 minutes;3 Bright Orange objects, travelng in a straight line, W-NW, in Madison, Wisconsin Saw 2 bright, orange lights to the north. Very slight flicker but constantly visible. No visible aircraft lights or identifiers.  Absolutely NO sound. 1 following the other about 4 fingers apart at arms length.  Direction was N-NW.  Easy to see the Big Dipper for reference. Unable to determine distance or altitude.  Second object turned in a arc toward the north and disappeared.  No clouds visible.  The first object continued N-NW, in a straight line.  A third object quickly appeared behind the first.  Separation again about 4 fingers width at arms length.  These continued now W-NW and again in a straight line. Speed about as fast as the International Space Station travels across the sky however these objects were brighter and orange.  The second object then appeared from the area where it had disappeared from, traveled south for a short time.  Then turned and followed the First and  Third object to the W-NW.  This object appeared to be traveling faster.  Until the objects went over the horizon, all three were visible, in a straight line.  Total visible time approx. 5 minutes.;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
Each object was dimly lit and traveling at a high rate of speed and accenting before each disappeared .  ((Starlink satellites));2020-03-06 19:50:00;7 minutes;Each object was dimly lit and atraveling at a high rate of speed and accenting before each disappeared in the same spot On my evening walk I happened to look up into and towards the southwest skyline and I identified at least 14 dimly lit high altitude objects skirting across the Wisconsin skyline (no sound at all) in single file formation at a very high rate of accenting speed and heading Northeast.  Each appeared to be at least 1-2 miles apart from the other and each suddenly disappeared at the same location, one after another.  I waited one hour to see if there would be other objects before continuing on.  Process of elimination and common sense, these objects were not commercial jets or helicopters (these objects were accenting too quickly and too high for commercial or military jets or helicopters).  These were not falling stars as each were equally lit, shaped and accention rate and none were blinking. Each were appeared as dimly lit, perhaps round and traveled single file, equally spaced from the other before disappearing in the same spot/location as the one before it. Sat! ellites? Doubt it. But.......Who knows??;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
red light through the sky at first, then 2 large square/rectangle were observed;2020-04-26 19:45:00;4 to 5 minutes;red light through the sky at first, then 2 large square/rectangle were observed This occurred on April 26, 2020 – approx 7:45 pm  One square/slightly rectangular shaped object (no lights) was flying slowly from the south/east towards the north/west and then disappeared behind some rooftops from my position/perspective.  It seemed to be sort of turning/tumbling slowly as it slowly flew by.  Right after it disappeared behind the rooftops in the north/west there was a red light coming from the same direction the first object started in (south/east) and going in the same direction (north/west).  The light flickered a little as it passed behind a tall tree.  No leaves on the tree yet, so it could still be seen as it passed behind the bare branches.  The light went out as it was passing behind this tree.  Then the exact same object as the first flew from behind the tree in the same path as the first (also no lights).  It flew slowly in the same direction and the disappeared behind the same rooftops except slightly more to the right as the first object.  No lights.  This event took roughly 4 to 5 minutes from start to finish and occurred in complete silence no engine noise whatsoever.  I am using an anonymous e-mail address and withholding my name for privacy, I have a business reputation that I need to maintain.  The local news has received many calls regarding this and have reported it was a satellite. This is ridiculous.;43.0632441039317;-89.360211947585
