dull roundish blur crosses night sky;2005-11-25 21:30:00;2-3 sec;dull roundish blur crosses night sky The sky was clear with clouds low on the horizan. Visability was very good.I was sitting out, staring up at the sky in one area, and saw a satelite go by, i am assuming.. could have been a plane? Not real sure but it passes the same path every night. With the little dipper above, handle pointing down, a round oval blur, looked a deep gray (maybe)but with a light luminece to it, not at all bright, passed below the lil dipper, making a straight path to pass below Orions belt which was from the direction i was looking, was lower than the lil dipper to my right. I am thinking SE?..  It moved at a very steady, smooth pace.. but was quicker than a plane. No lights or sound. Holding my arm out it was probably the size of my thumb nail? I thought maybe a bird, questioning myself, considering different options, but i dont think a bird could move at that speed. It didnt appear to have a sharp edge.. it appeared blurred, but again with the color and the speed and with the night sky, thats would be hard to detect. I mentioned a luminence, only reason i say that is because i was able to follow it clearly across the sky, until it got around orions belt where i couldnt see it any more. Shooting star? No, again there was no real light, just a kind of very low almost unnoticable glow? If i wasnt looking to see something, i never would have caught its movement i dont think. It came from corner of my field of vision and shot across. I was kinda in awe when i saw it, as this would be the 4th time i have seen something of this nature in my lifetime.  I am 34 yrs old, single mom of two, Associates degree in Med Admin. I am honest and realistic, not one to give into fantasy.  I debated whether i should report it, whether it would be of any import?   All i can say is ... Wow. ((ADDENDUM FROM ORIGINAL WITNESS)) THIS IS A CORRRECTION  to an ealier report i sent in yesterday.  The object passed below the handle of the Lil Dipper and just above the upper most star of Orians belt.  I am sorry for the error. I noticed it in the report i sent to MUFON. ((END ADDENDUM));26.6091991935484;-81.6728677419355
