They made no sound and were moving very fast, it seemed like they were chasing each other or playing a game...;1998-02-15 19:00:00;2-3 seconds;They made no sound and were moving very fast, it seemed like they were chasing each other or playing a game... We were sitting in the hottub, my wife ,myself and her girlfriend.It was a perfectly clear winter night. Looking up into the sky we observed 4 small balls of light moving across the sky very fast. At that moment i was thinking wow ,cool a jet plane  Then the balls of light broke formation and started circling each other as they were streaking across the sky. Bam they were gone as fast as they came. Then a split second later 4 more right behind them , Bam gone. This all happened in a matter of 1 to 3 seconds.They made no sound and were moving very fast, it seemed like they were chasing each other or playing a game. We will never know, all i know is i know what i saw! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
Object leaving earth orbit??;2000-06-08 22:15:00;10-15 Secs;Object leaving earth orbit?? Hmmm...outside having a smoke, watching for minor northern lights due to solar flares announced on tv.  Noticed what I thought was another satellite treking along in orbit.  Watched it for about 5 seconds or more when it (just a small bright light, no brighter than any other object in orbit) flared a very bright, roundish, white light for one brief second.  After the flare diminished I noticed that the direction it was following had changed by approximately 30 degrees from my perspective with one difference, it was now moving out of orbit as the object had increased it's speed in that flash and moving at a new constant speed.  As it was moving on the new direction it was progressively going from the small bright light (1 - 2 millimeters across) to a smaller and less bright state until it could no longer be seen.  I noticed it while facing west, looking upwards at approx 70 degrees ascention. So far as I know anything we have that 'leaves orbit' requires several seconds of 'burn' before it can reach the speeds needed to totally overcome earths gravity. I see that adding contact info in here is not desired, but I would like to know if anyone else had noticed this aside from myself.  If so please contact ((name deleted)) as I'm overly curious now. Thanks;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
This was reported by our local news outlet called Castanet.  There is also a short video on their news site.;2002-04-29 07:30:00;Few minutes;This was reported by our local news outlet called Castanet.  There is also a short video on their news site. A bird, a plane, it's.. Wayne Moore--Apr 29, 2017, @ 5:00 am. Story: 195712   Just what were those bright, dancing lights spotted in the skies over Kelowna Thursday evening?  A spokesman for Nav Canada at Kelowna International Airport says he was not made aware of anything being picked up on radar, likely ruling out a plane of any sort. Whatever the object, it caught the attention of Trevor Shipalesky and his daughter. They were driving in West Kelowna near Gorman Bros. mill about 7:30 last evening, when he says his daughter noticed the lights. I looked up and saw at least five or six of these balls. They were bouncing up and down, and doing all kinds of weird stuff, he said. They were flashing too. I couldn't believe my eyes.  Were they flares, planes, fighter jets? But, I quickly realized they weren't any of those.   Shipalesky says he grabbed his phone, but in his excitement, forgot to push record. Before he realized he was not filming, Shipalesky said the objects appeared to be below the cloud line, and possible below the mountains. They were not making any noise. These things were dead silent.  When he did finally begin to record, Shipalesky said you can see five or six moving in a Vee formation. And, above those, there were three or four more. To date, no one has been able to provide an explanation as to what the lights may have been.;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Kelowna, British Columbia - Another Connection To Missing Time Case;2003-07-15 00:00:00;approx: 3 minutes;Kelowna, British Columbia - Another Connection To Missing Time Case HBCC UFO Note: Now this sighting report I am very interested in due to the Missing Time case I worked on, and still working on. Three couples have reported seeing green lights in the area where the ladies had the missing time. Although this sighting report is a bit earlier in July, we still may have a connection to the whole case.  I saw in mid- July may have left evidence of some sort if you would like to look into it further.  Sometime in the middle of July 2003 before I went to bed I smoked a cigarette on my back balcony facing I think SW looking towards the mountains behind my house. It was around midnight and I seen this bright neon green light lighting up the base of the mountain moving slowly along. There is rolling hills directly behind my house. Behind those hills a draw with ponds up those hills complete grass until it reaches a mountain same parallel as Black Mountain that is the ridge I am talking about but behind black mountain towards the back country in the direction of Ellison  more it is hard to explain. Anyways this bright green light moved around level with where the trees would about be.  This light I saw was not too high in the sky. I kept watching it didn't know what it was figure a UFO again.  Weird thing  at 2 am that morning sirens woke me up and I was very disturbed so I went outside for a cigarette and it looked like a huge forest fire coming towards my house, flames in the air and I couldn't tell how far away the fire was so I woke up my boyfriend and we started running around wetting everything down.  Later that morning my hubby went to work, no sleep sadly, and he drove down Lahka Rd to see how far fire was away. About 5 acres away we estimated. Strangely enough these fires started way back away from the roads, way up the hill pass the houses in the middle of a grass field up towards the mountain.(the night I saw that green Light!)  I  have kept wondering how the fire could have started because it really was an odd spot to start. There was no lightening that night either. Clear sky. Never heard about this huge grass fire on the news! (dumpster fires make the news) My neighbors didn't even know the fire happened! I know the previous week to this fire that someone through a carelessly discarded cigarette into a ditch off Mackenzie rd not far from here but I was thinking that maybe you might want to just take a walk up to those fields that were burnt and have a look.  Or ask the fire dept if they know the cause of  that  fire. Interesting. Fire was basically on Lakha Rd or Latta Rd (Lakha turns in Latta after a little ways)but way way up the hill where there is no road. You can see the 2 large burnt patches if you are driving down Hwy 97 towards Kelowna just a little ways past airport look at the hills on left hand side before you reach the Old Vernon Rd set of lights.Or turn up Old Vernon Rd and look straight. Well I thought I would share this with you in case someone else may have witnessed that green light and then big grass fire the same night.   oh, that light by the way was not a plane. I see planes all the time because I live quite close to airport.  This did not move like a plane and it was not a helicopter( too dark for a chopper and it would not be out at 12 am) I would have heard it for sure because sound carries well out where I live.  Thank you to the witness for this report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Home - Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Zig Zagging white lights.;2003-08-01 22:30:00;approx: 20 mins;Zig Zagging white lights. Mr. Vike,  I didn't see the lights on July 27, 2003 but I think it was Friday September (Correct date - August 1, 2003) 1st I observed from my deck strange lights that appeared to be out in space. At first I thought it was a plane but then convinced myself it was to far up to be a plane. My next thought was a satellite, but then I saw another one and another one. We counted at least six and they traveled at different speeds and seemed to zig zag every once in a while. We watched for quite a while then they stopped going by. One seemed to travel at a great speed as for as high up as it appeared it crossed the sky quite quickly. It may have a reasonable explanation but none I can come up with. I do not consider myself a believer of UFOs, but I do know it is a big universe and to think in all of that space we are the only one's would be kind of a stretch.  Additional Information:  Hi Brian, It was pretty late and I was on my to bed. I said Sept. 1 but I meant Aug. 1 of this year (2003). I'll tackle your questions one at a time.  As for meteors, I'm no space expert but I do watch the sky allot and I've seen allot of meteors and shooting stars and they definitely not either of those. I mentioned they zig zagged once and a while and I should mention they also traveled in different directions. There were no tails or trails behind them but they were also pretty high up, just a dot of light.  As for time of night it must have been 10:30 or 11:00. My step-daughter and I watched for around 20 mins. I say Aug. 1 but I'm not quite sure as I didn't think much about it until my wife pointed out the story in the capital News the other day.  There was no pattern to them. They just traveled back and forth. We saw several but I was guessing we were watching 5 or 6 more than once. No stoppage and no sound as far up as they were.  It was kind of funny, earlier in the evening a plane passed over and my father in law told the kids it was a UFO. When we saw the lights we were quite taken a back. We tried to watch through binoculars but couldn't focus on the lights to get a good look at them. I told the Step-daughter that if they were UFOs then the air force jets should be coming by anytime but they didn't come. I'm sure what we saw had to have a reasonable explanation but I had to think after I read the story. I would be interested in hearing if anyone else saw these lights. Feel free to contact me if you would like anymore info.  On your website I noticed there seems to be allot of activity around the Houston area, what do you think they would be interested in up there?  Take it easy and have a good weekend.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
On Friday August 15 just after noon I was laying on my yoga mat in my back yard when I noticed a very tiny luminescent object that was;2003-08-15 12:15:00;15 min;On Friday August 15 just after noon I was laying on my yoga mat in my back yard when I noticed a very tiny luminescent object that was obviously much higher then the birds or even the odd aircraft that I spotted moving around in various holding patterns.The very bright object was too small to make out any details...at one point I thought it was a sphere & at another a disc.The object was moving in a very rapid & jittery pattern unlike anything I had seen before almost like a leaf caught in a whirlwind.It was shortly joined by another similar object that suddenly appeared then shot off  at a incredible pace arcing over the 90 degrees or so of sky to the horizon.I estimate the time for this to occur as about five to seven seconds(I have never seen anything move this fast at such a apparent altitude).The day was a bright & mainly cloudless  however even at high noon these objects appeared quite bright,much bright albeit smaller than the aircraft or even high the flying seagulls around at the time.I then ran into the house to get my son(22 years old) & when I returned we notice the first object gone but a third one was traversing the sky rapidly like the second one to the north west...my son also thought this was definitely  a UFO type of object & not something else as well.He went back inside & within a couple of minutes I saw what appeared like a fourth object fly straight overhead & quickly,again in the 5 to 7 second range,from mid sky east to the horizon.Truly amazing these phenomena were like nothing we had seen before.I have listened to you Peter & other researchers for a number of years on Jeff's show as well as on the coast to coast show & have often speculated about this area but never seen anything.Anyway I thought about just letting it go but upon thinking it over the sighting seemed too unequivocal not to file a report for what it is worth.Keep up you good work Peter,I enjoy your dedication,rigor & articulateness in this puzzling area of study.;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Witnesses saw a extremely bright green light sitting along side one of the local mountains.;2003-09-02 01:00:00;?;Witnesses saw a extremely bright green light sitting along side one of the local mountains. A lady from Kelowna, B.C. called to report that she saw a extremely bright green light sitting along side one of the local mountains in the area. It looked so strange she went back into the families home and got her husband from the den to come out to in hopes he could make some sense of what this green light may be. From their deck they watched it for a period of time. The light disappeared in front of them. Now later that night, or in the wee hours of the morning the lady woke up as she could not sleep, went to the sliding windows which leads onto their deck and looked out. Again a bright green light was witnessed. Not in the same location it was seen earlier that evening. She then woke her husband up and he looked and he thought it may have been a satellite. But the light just sat there, they both went back to bed, so no time was given for how long the event lasted for.  HBCC UFO Note: There has been a number of these green lights flying around the area since the missing time event was reported.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Continuing Abduction Problems For Kelowna, B.C. Family. Plus Green Lights Return.;2003-11-08 23:00:00;unknown;Continuing Abduction Problems For Kelowna, B.C. Family. Plus Green Lights Return. Continuing Abduction Problems For Kelowna, B.C. Family.  Date: November 8th and 9th, 2003  Since July 31, 2003, after an UFO encounter, missing time and disturbing episodes which followed, one of the women has continued to have some medical problems. Cynthia continues to have a constant feeling of pressure on her head and is becoming worse as the days and weeks go by. This feeling of pressure has now moved into her neck. On November 8, 2003 Cynthia, while at her home, became cold as her body temperature dropped to 35.2 C. She immediately called the hospital and talked to a nurse who informed her that it sounded like hypothermia was setting in. The color of Cynthia's skin started to change, to become almost whitish/grey. She was freezing to the point where she felt paralyzed and had major problems moving or walking. Also her heart was beating really irregularly and she reports it was down to 44 bpm. Cynthia's daughter is also experiencing an irregular heart rate as well.  HBCC UFO Research Note: The average normal temperature is 98.6°F (37°C). Cynthia's temperature dropped a little over 2 degrees and no explanation has been given as to what has caused this to happen. If your recorded rectal or ear temperature is less than 97°F (36.11°C), you have an abnormally low body temperature (hypothermia). If your rectal or ear temperature is 95°F (35°C) or lower, call a health professional immediately.  Information on taking your heartbeat measurement.  Your pulse is caused by your heart beating. As your heart beats and forces blood through your body, you can feel a throbbing sensation (the pulse) by putting your fingers over one of your arteries at any point where the artery comes close to the surface of your skin, such as your wrist, neck, or upper arm. Counting your pulse rate is a simple way to estimate how fast your heart is beating. Pulse rate measurements are often done by a health professional as part of a physical examination or in an emergency, but you can easily learn to measure your own pulse rate as well.  A pulse is usually described in terms of its rate, which is the number of beats per minute (bpm). However, the rhythm and strength of the heartbeat can also be noted, as well as whether the blood vessel feels hard or soft. An irregular rhythm, a weak pulse, or a hard blood vessel may indicate a medical condition that needs further evaluation. The pulse rate is measured by counting the beats in a set period of time (at least 15 to 20 seconds) and multiplying that number to get the number of beats per minute. When you exercise, have a fever, or are under stress, your heart rate usually speeds up to meet your body's increased need for oxygen and nutrients carried in the blood. As a result, your pulse rate normally varies from minute to minute. Unless your pulse rate is being measured to check your fitness level or in an emergency situation, it is usually measured after you have rested for 10 minutes or more. This measurement is called a resting pulse rate. It is an accurate and simple assessment of the health of the heart and circulatory system.  I always recommend to people if they feel there are medical problems that they seek out a health professional.  On Saturday night Cynthia's daughter went to bed, after a short period of time she started having an unusual and vivid dream about being in some type of vehicle with two beings. She felt that they were there to take her somewhere. The young girl felt that where ever they were going wasn't the place to be. So in her dream she jumped from the vehicle and landed on the ground hitting her right leg and rolled along the ground for a short distance. Cynthia's daughter, who also has been a victim of these unwanted visits by beings from elsewhere, woke up Sunday morning, November 9, 2003 with extreme pain in her knee.  Actually as she climbed out of her bed her leg folded up right underneath her. She was fine the night before, hadn't been involved in anything which may have caused the injury that I have reported below. Cynthia's daughter's cartilage in her right knee is ripped/torn and she has to be on crutches for a while until it heals up. The doctor asked the girl if she had took part in any sporting activities, or goofing around with friends, she replied no! After they left the doctors office and some time later the pain moved up into her thigh and is getting worse. Cynthia is taking her daughter back to the doctor, or the hospital to have her checked out again. Cynthia told me blood tests will be done in hopes of determining what caused the drop in Cynthia's body temperature, also checking to see if there are any problems developing with her daughter. She also mentioned that both her and her daughter are craving salted products and are extremely thirsty. Both mother and daughter are totally exhausted, as if the two of them hadn't slept for days. Cynthia said, how can a person who is sleeping soundly in their bed wake up in the morning with a torn cartilage in her right knee. I have to agree with her. Very strange indeed.  HBCC UFO Note: I telephoned Cynthia Monday night to see how both her and her daughter were feeling. Cynthia sounded extremely tired, like she had no energy even to carry on a conversation.  I must say I find this to be very upsetting for me to hear what has...... and is ....taking place with this family. I also am going to try to get down to see them if the weather holds. There is also more which has taken place, but due to this information being of a personal nature, I will not be adding this to any of my reports.  Cynthia mentioned that a couple of nights before November 8, 2003 her daughter woke up at 3:00 a.m. to a loud and very strange and unusual sound coming from the orchard behind their home. And the dogs in the area were making such a noise. She was so frightened from hearing such a loud and weird sound that she pulled the covers up over her head. She couldn't even give me an example of what the noise sounded like as it was so strange. The very next night after Cynthia's daughter heard this crazy noise, Cynthia said she got woken up at 4:05 a.m. to the same sound, or at least something she could not make any sense of. Cynthia said the dogs were going crazy, the cows in the area were acting up, so she got out of bed and moved onto the balcony and looked toward the orchard. It was dark and she could see nothing but could still hear the sound. She told me she started clapping her hands, making noises herself and the strange sound eventually stopped. Although the dogs still were acting up in the area but since the sound had stopped, Cynthia decided to go back to bed. However, no sooner did she get back under the covers than the noise returned. She rolled over and tried to block out the sound until she ended up going to sleep.  HBCC UFO Note: I tried to find out if abductees have even experienced hypothermia after an encounter. After searching and reading all kinds of matter I came up with nothing. So I contacted Mr. Derrel Sims and Mr. Whitley Stieber to ask if they had encountered anyone reporting hypothermia right after an event. They both were so helpful. Also I contacted other abductees but they also said they had never experienced hypothermia after an abduction.  Of course this raises some questions which people were interested in. From what I was told a lot of discussion has not taken place on the idea of hypothermia after an abduction, mainly because no one has reported this phenomena as taking place. Some abductees report feeling very cold leading up to the actual abduction, also feeling very cold just after it took place. Many report a coldness when inside a craft to the point they were shaking. Some of this I am sure is due to the fear one must go through when being taken.  So why is this woman reporting hypothermia ? Is it due from being in a very cold environment (on a craft), plus the fright of the whole situation. Did this occur because she was dropped off outside in a cold environment, which it was at the time of this incident. Or was the hypothermia condition caused by a medical problem no one is aware of right now. There always seems to be more questions than answers. Maybe the blood tests, etc.. will show something. We will have to wait and see and pray for some answers.  I will leave this off here for now. I would like to say this is the end of this story, but I have my doubts. The good thing is I keep in contact with Cynthia on a daily basis and have told her if she just wants to chat, then call me anytime.  More News That I Just Received:  I just had an email from a lady who resides in Vernon, British Columbia. She has informed me that a couple of business owners were in Kelowna, British Columbia on November 8, 2003 and watched green lights in the south west sky's over Kelowna. This event took place the very same night problems started again for the Kelowna family. I hope to have a full report on the sighting of the green lights. Also I want everyone to know, no information had been given out to anyone about what took place on November 8, 2003 with Cynthia and her daughter. So again we have green lights showing up and strange events taking place with a close friend.  I can honestly say, in my opinion, there creatures that take folks from the comfort of their homes are not here to give humanity a gift, as some may suggest. They are here to experiment, degrade and frighten everyone who comes in contact with them. No one will ever convince me other wise.  Take good care out there, and please if anyone who has been involved in an abduction and has ever experienced hypothermia after the incident, I would really appreciate hearing from you.  Thank you  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Home - Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Bright green lights in the area.;2003-11-12 23:45:00;approx: 8 seconds;A witness called and reported seeing more bright green lights in the area. This witness tells me that the light was very low in the sky and traveling in a straight line for a short distance then made a slight change in direction heading to the north. The object appeared in the sky for approx: 8 seconds before the witness lost sight of it. He told me due to how low it was flying and so very bright he thought it was very odd looking. He told a friend, and his friend told him to contact me to file a report.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Home - Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
bright as a small star about 500 ft in the sky.;2007-04-06 22:20:00;started@22:15;bright as a small star about 500 ft in the sky. bright light above kelowna, not moving or changing brightness.  It was just bright as heck and big, like a small star.  It was in the eastern sky and still is as I type this wow not moving at all.;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
Bright light slowly descending near Bear Creek - Kelowna, BC, Canada.;2009-01-11 20:30:00;3 minutes;Bright light slowly descending near Bear Creek - Kelowna, BC, Canada. On January 11th, 2009, I was at home and watched a bright light (no discernible object) slowly descend behind the mountain near Bear Creek Provincial Park, near Okanagan Lake.  I watched the light for approximately three minutes.  The location was to the SW of my home and I took three, 30 second exposures with my camera.  At the time it looked like a flare as it was very brigh and did not diminish in size.  From my perspective it appeared to be moving downward on a slight angle.  I did send the photo’s to a local news agency for follow up but never received a reply.   You can view the photo's here:   http://www.flickr.com/photos/instamarv/3190549840/;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
Flashing colored lights in the north and western skies.  ((NUFORC Note:  Twinkling star??  PD));2011-08-12 22:00:00;1.5 hours;Flashing colored lights in the north and western skies. At 10pm on August 12th, a flashing light was seen above the mountains in Kelowna, British Columbia. The light appeared to flash blue, red and white, and would move from right to left, dip down and rapidly up in mere moments. Its position remained in the north and it was quite small. A brighter flashing light, larger that the one in the north, appeared in the western sky of Kelowna, British Columbia. It could be seen at the same time as the light in the north. It too appears to flash the same set of colors and move slightly as well. Unconfirmed sightings of this light have been seen for the last week or so.;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
Single light passing quickly overhead lasting only 3min then slowing down and disappearing;2012-08-17 22:02:00;3 minutes;single light passing quickly overhead lasting only 3min then slowing down and disappearing This is the second time in a week or so we have observed this single light appear first as a faint star then move straight in what looks like a linear decent towards us but very high up then pass overhead and appears to slow down then fades away. no sounds, no flashing lights, at first i thought it must be a plane putting on landing lights, but no sound, no blinking lights, and way to high to be heading to the airport.then i said it must be ISS so we noted the time as 22:02 in kelowna bc can. We watched as it got brighter in the first few seconds and remain constant throughout its passing then just after passing overhead it faded out just as fast and it was gone. once again we noted the time as 22:05.  I said its got to be the iss so we looked up on iss tracking and iss was going from NW to SE this one was going From SW to NE any thoughts on this ???  the only difference since the last report is that it's an hour earlier but exactly the same path as before. very odd. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
