Delta or 'V' shaped object, moving silently, unlit aside from surrounding light sources moving south to north;2002-04-30 21:45:00;1 minute;Delta or 'V' shaped object, moving silently, unlit aside from surrounding light sources moving south to north looking at jupiter with my son, we both notice something very faint pass in front of our view.  What little was visible of it resembled a delta, or 'V' shaped object.  Very little detail could be made of it, some very very dimly visible leading edges giving the impression of the delta shape.   My son thought it was a plane, but there were 'zero' lights present on the object.  I personally thought it might be a hang glider, but it is two hours past sundown and cooling dramatically outside.  Besides...it seemed awfully high.  It followed a south to north path pretty well perfectly.  No sound was present at all, and flew at an estimated/guesstimated 10,000 feet.  Don't quote me on that altitude as size was an issue to determine.   I thought it could have been the ISS, but checking the position of the station found it to be only 'approaching' the western coasts of S. America and following the wrong course for what we saw.  If it was a plane it was running silent and dark.  If it was a hang glider it should have been dropping fairly quickly in suburban areas.  Either way it was unlit, V shaped, and very quiet.  A stealth fighter flying without lights or sound??;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Missing Time In Kelowna, British Columbia;2003-07-31 01:30:00;approx: 30 min.;Missing Time In Kelowna, British Columbia.  The story is real but the names in this report are fictitious for obvious reasons.  Pat - Driver of the car. Linda - Passenger and friend.  Date:  July 31, 2003 (Thursday) Time:  Between 1:00 a.m. & 2:00 a.m.  Today, Monday - August 18, 2003 I received a telephone call from Pat who lives in Kelowna, British Columbia. The lady was very upset and had a time speaking of the event that took place with her and a close female friend of hers. She told me today that a friend had brought over a newspaper article which was run in the Kelowna Capital Newspaper. The headline read Seeking Witnesses to UFO. which showed up on August 15, 2003.  Here is her story.  She tells that her and her friend are having a very hard time dealing with what took place. Also another couple who live in the area watched an aerial craft hovering close to the location where the two ladies had parked there car at the side of the highway and gave confirmation to the incident, or at least witnessed an object.  At approx: 12:05 a.m., July 31, 2003 the two ladies were playing around on the computer when Linda said, we haven't done any star gazing in a long time....so Pat the lady who contacted me said, you're right, lets go out and do some star gazing. They left home at 12:05 a.m. heading out to an area where they would get a look at the clear night sky without having lights to obscure their view. Pat drove to Glenmore which is north from where she lives and is on the back road heading to Winfield from Kelowna, B.C.  They were driving along and Pat reported that there was quite a bit of traffic for that time of the night but after they decided to stop just off to the side of the road to see what they might notice, the traffic stopped coming. There was not a light from any vehicles, not anything other than a very dark stretch of road. Pat grabbed her flashlight and shone it into the sky as she has done this in the past. Her friend Linda has the binoculars on the other side of the car scanning the starry night sky. They were there only a minute out of the car when her Linda said, this is really strange. There are three stars up in the sky and formed into a triangle shape. All three lights at this time were solid white. Both ladies watched as the three white lights started moving, but moving together. The witness with the binoculars said stars don't do that, and Pat replies, of course not..... as she thought it may have been a plane or something. Linda replies, no this is not a plane as the lights were changing color to a neon green and the object had stopped and hovered just ahead of their car.  Pat turned the headlights off, and shone her flashlight down the road in front of her car. They were worrying about animals such as a bear, cougars, etc.. being around in this isolated area. As she shone the light up the road both of the women spotted something which frightened them a lot. Five sets of eyes staring at approx: 40 feet away from them. As frightened as they were, their first thoughts were of coyotes or some other wild animal, but she said once you really look your brain takes it in.  Pat describes the creatures as being roughly four feet tall, dark gray shoulders and coming towards the women. Pat said I was so scared I could hardly talk and could hardly breathe. She yelled to her friend Linda, get in the car, get in the car. Pat said they both scrambled to get back into the vehicle but she said it was like moving through quicksand and it felt horrible. Being so terrified and trying to move as fast as they possibly could, it felt as if everything was slowing down around them.  Once they were both back in the car, Pat tried to turn the ignition on so she could get the power windows up. But all the electrics on the car was failing. The dome light, headlights were going off and on, on their own and as she said. Everything was going nuts !  Finally the car started and they turned around in the middle of the road and sped off towards home and as they traveled along they noticed a fair bit of traffic coming in their direction. (Pat commented to me, where was all the traffic when all this was happening?) As they drove along the road, Pat said to Linda, this is the weirdest thing. She said I feel like electricity, my whole body is tingling just like I was zapped by a charge from a battery. When Linda heard this, she said, I didn't want to say anything to you as you might think I was nuts, but I am feeling the same. As if I was hit by an electrical charge. As Linda was explaining how she felt, and facing Pat she glanced at the clock in car and said, Jesus Pat, look at the time ! Pat said what are you talking about ? Linda said we were only stopped and out of the car for a few minutes at the most, and the time of the car's clock reads an extra 25 minutes of time.  As they drove along and close to home they both discussed it and wondered if they had imagined it all. As they were just about home, they turned onto Baker Street which is covered in darkness next to a field. All of a sudden they saw this bright, glowing neon green ball low in the sky. The object started moving to the right, stop, left, stop, right, stop, left, stop and then it started to move away until the ladies car came to a halt, and so did the object. Before they knew it, the ball of green light started heading towards them at a high rate of speed and hovered  high above their car. At this point they just wanted to get to their home and be as far away from whatever it was as possible.  The driver sped off quickly again and they headed into an orchard which was very close by. They thought they would not be seen hiding amongst the trees, plus there was no lighting in this area to reveal their position. Pat looked at her friend and said, they will never find us here. Both women are sitting in the car trying to get themselves together as the driver said she was losing it at this point. Only after a very short time after arriving in the orchard Linda said, Pat you better look out the front windscreen and look up slightly. We don't have just one green ball of light, there are now three, glowing green objects. The way the green lights were in the sky, it looked as if the they formed a triangle formation and all moving now together. After a short period of time each of the green lights moved away in different directions.  (HBCC UFO asked if the witness could give some idea of how large the green lights were. The witness told me each of the lights were approx: half the size of a full moon). After seeing the lights flying off into different directions the ladies raced home as quickly as they possibly could.  Once safe at home, both ladies shaken, they tried to come up with some reasonable explanation for what just happened. They tried to put it out of their minds but that was impossible !!!!  Later on both ladies turned in for the night and when they woke up in the morning, Pat discovered a large bruise on her left breast and another on the bottom of her foot.  She did not know how they got there but she did know they were extremly painful.....  As she sat drinking a cup of coffee Linda finally got up and was walking down the hall towards the kitchen when she said, god, good morning - do I feel rough this morning. After Linda finished saying that ....Pat watched as blood came pouring from Linda's nose. Pat jumped up, ran and grabbed a towel. Linda also commented that she was having a lot of pain in her lower back area. She asked Pat to have a look to see if there was anything that could be seen. So she looked and gasped, there was a large circle burned into her skin and was located in the middle, lower back area (tail bone). Also bruises were found on Linda's body as well, some of them appeared to look like finger marks and there were three of them on each thigh. Both women at this point were shocked, upset and very frightened.  Linda, who was up visiting from the Abbotsford ended her holiday and headed back home. Two days after being home in Abbotsford, B.C. she went to consult her family doctor due to still experiencing the terrible pain which was originating from her lower back, plus it was not getting any better. Her doctor examined her, and her injury to her back, the doctor said if I didn't know any better I would say you have a radiation burn. He was of course referring to the burn mark on Linda's back. The doctor is still trying to heal this mark on her back, as something had burned right through the outer layer of this ladies skin.  (HBCC UFO Note:I will be keeping in contact with the witness to this event and hope I may be able to help in some small way).  Update to this Story:  On the night this frightening experience took place, another couple who couldn't sleep decided to go out for a walk on the warm evening. They looked up at times into the night sky, and all of a sudden they noticed a bright glowing neon colored light. The couple also added that the light was moving in the strangest way, by coming to a complete stop, moving again, stopping and then moved off very quickly. The light was seen in the same vicinity where the ladies had been stopped at the side of the road.  This sounds like it gives confirmation to what the ladies saw that night.  HBCC UFO Research Foot note: I would recommend to anyone finding such marks as described here in this report, that they consult a professional, such as their family doctor. One has to remember that they do not have to walk in to the doctor's office and make claims of missing time, or possible abduction. Let you doctor come up with the answers. Also there are some very good people who carry out work in the abduction field, and I will be very happy to put you in contact with such folks if you would like. Just write to me and request that I do so, and give me permission to pass your personal information along.  I would also like to add, this Missing Time event took place around the same date 147 witnessed watched one amazing event unfold in southeastern British Columbia. I also received a flood of sighting reports which also came from this area. July 27/28 to August 18, 2003.  If anyone has any questions, please feel free to write me an email.  Take care  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. (Canada Wide). Home Phone & Fax: 1 250 845 2189 Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Connection With Missing Time Experience;2003-07-31 02:00:00;(?);Connection With Missing Time Experience  This witness had no idea about the missing time event.  I had a telephone call from a lady who lives in Kelowna, British Columbia today, August 26, 2003. She explained that a friend had cut out an article which ran in the Kelowna Capital Newspaper about a UFO Investigator Seeking Witnesses To A UFO Sighting.  The lady told me she saw an unusual object in the night sky on July 31, 2003. She also told me she has a habit of glancing up into the sky as she has a beautiful view of the stars and it is very dark in her area. On this night the woman had already turned in, but couldn't sleep due to how warm it was in her home. The lady got up out of bed and went outside for some weird reason and when outside the lady looked towards the south. As the witness sat out looking around she spotted something, her thoughts were there shouldn't be any airplanes out here at this time of night, but there was something very strange. She watched an object traveling from east to west and described the object as being almond in shape and a luminas green in color. The witness also reports only seeing one green light.  The lady reports that from their location, which was not at all far away from the two ladies who experienced the missing time, something very strange took place. She brought out her camera to take some pictures, but as she tried to take her photos, the camera would not work. It went dead! Also she reports that the evening was warm, and she could hear coyotes cutting up. But soon they became silent, and so did everything else around them including the crickets which were making some noise. She said it was if someone had clicked off a switch. The air went from a nice sweet smelling night to a musty cold in this dead silence.  Also this witness said that two nights ago a person telephoned the radio station (CKOV) on an open line call in program and reported seeing a streak of light, and at the front of this streak a round ball was noted and the caller reported it had landed somewhere in South East Kelowna in the exact area where the green object had been witnessed, also where the two ladies had their missing time event.  HBCC UFO Note: This sighting is very, very important due to the date of this sighting, the time it was witnessed, the color which was green and the shape, which is reported here to be almond in shape. Also what has me all excited over it, is due to the location where the object was observed, which was where the two ladies watched the beings on the side of the highway and the green lights, then experienced the missing time. There will be more coming on this case, also I have interviewed the second witness who had the missing time on July 31, 2003 and will be writing up the report really quick. Before I forget, I will be contacting CKOV in hopes of getting some information, and if not maybe I may get lucky and have them request that this witness to the streak of light get a hold of me.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
Landing into mountain;2005-08-12 13:00:00;3 mins;Landing into mountain Summer of 2005 I was driving from Vancouver to Kelowna BC, we drove down this side road to do some prospecting for land purchases and witnessed a craft or object descending about 500 down atop a mountain. At first we thought it was a helicopter, but looking closer it resembled at diamond shape with a small dome beneath. Object diameter roughly 40ft. Lasting a few minutes. Mountain too high to traverse. We drove into Westbank, BC and asked aroound.  Several days later we drove through Penticton and stopped at a restaurant, patrons behind us were talking about same object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date of incident may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
there were two dimly lit lights either of amber or orange - but very muted in scope of illumination and color.  it's flight pattern was;2007-05-23 22:50:00;20 seconds;a shape appeared to travel from the east to west and then turned sharp and quick to the north directly over our house.  it was very fast and the turn was extremely sharp.  no sound. low flying or moving.  no mistaking it for a bird or other man made craft.  at first we thought it was a bird. on either side of the span of it, there were two dimly lit lights either of amber or orange - but very muted in scope of illumination and color.  it's flight pattern was very symmetrical and very fast.;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
Space station flies over with object following close behind.;2013-08-08 20:30:00;2 minutes;Space station flies over with object following close behind. I was at work on the 8th of August 2013 in Kelowna B.C., Canada, and was with two co-workers, when i looked up and saw a bright light coming towards us from the west going east.  The time was between 20:00 and 21:00.   As it got closer over head we could clearly see there was another less brighter light following directly behind.  I had heard the space station would be seen clearly this week so i figured it was that , but we all agreed that the light following the bright light was very strange.   Then again when i was out later that night around 22:30 to 23:00 i saw it go by again with the same bright light with the same less brighter light following close behind, the smaller light was about the same distance behind the bright light both times.   I would also like to mention that a month earlier i noticed a cloud formation that was above the regular cloud line at that time, and it was going against the direction of all the other clouds.  This cloud was circular with w! hite cloud steams trailing behind, and this is strange, the cloud formation started to turn slowly high above and the cloud streams trailing behind turned along with this formation till it was out of sight .  I am a regular coast to coast listener and have heard you on the show many times when i heard you mention that you saw the two lights on august 8th as well, and thought i would let you know we saw those lights in Canada as well.;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
