triangle  3 lights;1995-06-12 22:00:00;3 sec;triangle  3 lights I was reading your article,Peculiar military craft witnessed near Sydney, Texas. and have witnessed this U.F.O. almost 10 years ago with a friend. We were in a park when we both look to the sky at the same time to witness what we thought to be a fallen star streeking across the sky. Then instantly the streek stopped and 3 lights in a triangle shape appeared and hovered slowly over a building. We ran to the other side of the building to fallow it but could not find it. Im work in aviation and to give an educated guess of the altitude i would say 10 to 15000ft... ill never forget that night.;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
Triangular object seen at night at close range flying over Kelowna British Columbia Canada;1998-06-05 22:05:00;22:10;Triangular object seen at night at close range flying over Kelowna British Columbia Canada It was a clear Spring evening in Kelowna.  Myself and two other house mates were outside enjoying the view of the sky.  The sky was partially cloudy but quite bright due to the presence of the moon which was slightly bigger than half full. At approximately 10:05 P.M., our attention was drawn to a high flying jet aircraft travelling from west to east.  It was low enough for us to hear the faint roar of the engines.  I lowered my gaze and noticed a dark shape with lights drop from the sky approximately 5-8 miles south of our position over Okanagan Mountain Park.  It began to move slowly over the park in an east to west direction. I alerted the rest of the group and they all turned their attention to this object.  As it reached the outskirts of the city it changed direction and started to move south to north, towards us.  At first we thought it might be an aircraft except for the fact that most aircraft in the area fly an east west route.  Kelowna has a relatively busy airport and we were used to oberving aircraft arrivals and departures.  I was formerly employed as a Ground Specialist at the Ottawa International Airport and was familiar with most aircraft including those at air shows.  This was something I'd never seen b! efore. We first observed the object as a dark triangular shape silhouetted against the bright night sky.  We could not hear any noise from the object as it proceeded slowly towards our position.  A soft white glow emanated from what appeared to be 3 portholes, one at each corner of the underside of the object.  The colour was flat black.  The size was equal to that of a 737 jet aircraft viewed from 500 to 700 feet away at it's closest point.   As the object approached a position to the west of us it seemed to change its course slightly to the east for 5 to 10 seconds then turned back to its original course.  At this point its apparent size was that of a football held at arm's length.  The object proceeded north and gained in altitude as it approached the western spur of Knox Mountain (where the mountain meets the lake) and passed over and out of sight.  The entire sighting lasted approximately five minutes. We don't know what it was but we are absolutely certain that it was not a conventional aircraft. Years later, after I'd moved and gotten married, I mentioned the incident to a neighbor of mine.  He said he had a friend who lived a block to the west of our original sighting position who saw a large triangular shaped object fly right over his house.  I asked my neighbor to speak with his friend and enquire about the date and time.  He did, and though he was not sure of the exact date, the time was right and it was early June 1998.  Other than that he really didn't want to speak about it because as my neighbor put it, it spooked him.  He never reported the incident.;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Glowing Triangle;2004-04-26 21:45:00;approx: 20 to 30 seconds;Glowing Triangle At 10:45 p.m. on April 26, 2004 took a telephone call from a witness who resides in Kelowna, British Columbia. The fellow I talked with had told his father of a sighting he and his wife had tonight. His dad gave his son my phone number and the man called me and told me of an unusual sighting which he and his wife witnessed this evening. The fellows wife was the first to notice it while the couple were sitting outside of their residence having a cigarette. The sky was completely clear.  The object was visible for approx: 20 to 30 seconds before it left the couple line of sight and was certainly a triangular shaped craft. The witness said it was a glowing white in color, no lights were seen on the craft. The man guessed the object was flying at approx: 20,000 feet. Because of how high the craft was and being night time I wanted to make sure how the witnesses came to be able to view the object. This was due to the color of it. They explained that it was extremely bright, but went on to say you couldn't miss it either.  There was no aura or glowing light surrounding it, there was no trail or tail following behind. The witness said he saw no aircraft before or during the sighting, but said right after the object passed by a helicopter was seen flying at a low level shinning it's spotlight down towards the ground.  The craft flew in a straight line towards the northeast over Okanagan Lake. At arms length the witness guessed the object would have been 1 to 2 centimeters in length looking from his location. No sound was heard. The man said the craft was solid in color and not just points of light in a triangular shape.  The witness also said he tried to contact the Kelowna, B.C. airport tower but they were closed or not answering the telephone.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com Redirect: http://www.brianvike.com Redirect: http://www.hbccuforesearch.com;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
Triangular UFO witnessed over Kelowna B.C.;2004-08-18 02:30:00;2 minutes;Triangular UFO witnessed over Kelowna B.C. At about 2:30 am over Rutland Kelowna, a triangular UFO was witnessed flying in an Eastward direction. It had six lights on the bottom, 3 yellowish ones in the center that formed a triangle as well. 1 red one at the top point and 2 blue ones at the bottom points. It also had 1 white light at the back that was flashing. As it neared the 3 witnesses they could hear a hover like sound, which no plane could ever make. It wasn't going very fast at all, way too slow for any plane to go. It wasn't very high in the sky either. Again at 3:30 am they witnessed it again but going in the opposite direct(Westward) but it was higher in the sky this time.;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
UFO Battle above Kelowna.;2007-07-02 22:00:00;1 minute;UFO Battle above Kelowna. Thought you guys might want to include this one from back in 2007.  It was big news in the Okanagan.  Within a week after the incident we had an AWACS in the area, for the first time ever. A large triangular black vehicle was spotted in the sky above Okanagan Mountain park (near the dog-leg in the lake) from multiple viewpoints across a 20km stretch of highway and 3 towns.  Witnesses in Kelowna, West Bank, and Peachland.  A semicircle around the mountain.  Some saw the initial triangle first, and some saw the two vehicles in the ensuing engagement.  Sequence of events: -Black triangle or cone spotted in dim twilight sky, hovering stationary above Okanagan Mountain. -torpedo shaped vehicle with fins the size of a large jet, arrives at high speed, and stops in midair roughly over the lake, at the same altitude, within a km of the triangle.  With its nose pointed towards it. -after a short period while stationary, the torpedo shaped object erupts into flames, and goes into freefall towards surface of lake, emitted a wom wom wom in a deep bass tone. -the torpedo shaped object slows, and with conflicting reports either hits or just misses the surface of the lake. -the torpedo object rises back up, points its nose at the black triangle in the process, and opens fire with a volley of star wars style blaster shots, which bear some resemblance to red tracer fire from an automatic cannon of some kind. -the triangle shoots away at impossible speed before the rounds impact. -the torpedo shaped object returns to the original altitude, and starts darting around like a hummingbird before shooting away in the same direction as the triangle.  At the very least, this was a military incident.  A major one.  It might add to the tapestry of events from the same time period.  You guys might want to look into it a bit further.;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
Boomerang, V-shaped, craft with five bright lights as seen at Phoenix.;2014-04-24 20:00:00;10 minutes;Boomerang, V-shaped, craft with five bright lights as seen at Phoenix. ((NUFORC Note:  We are unable to certify that this is a serious-minded report.  PD)) KELOWNA, BRITISH COLUMBIA.   At 8:45 pm, I decided to go for a walk around the block for half hour to an hour.  I left my place and enjoyed a peaceful evening stroll.   I was walking through a dark alley that cut through two apt building ending up at a old school that is across the road from the high school which has several large football fields.   While in the alley heading home, I talked briefly too a group of guys who claimed to have seen a UFO in the sky and if I hurried over to the field I could still catch them.  He pointed me in the direction that they seen the UFO and said they have to leave.   I hurried over too the field and did not notice anything and thought for sure I had missed them, shortly after about a minute of observing the sky I observed some lights that seemed to come from nowhere, I saw five bright circular lights in the sky that were in a boomerang like V formation, the UFO was in the very bottom part of the cloud layer and the clouds around the UFO’s lights vanished all around for hundreds of feet.   I felt a feeling of fear and astonishment when I first seen the craft, the lights were in the east direction moving south climbing in altitude, I observed the lights as they began to get smaller, the light started to pulsate and grow brighter when the UFO disappeared in a streak of light much like what a shooting star looked like only the streak of light traveled into space instead of the ground.   I was still watching the sky and observed a light travel back from the direction in which it had shot away, the light was moving at super speeds because it traveled towards myself growing a bit brighter, the lights then slowed down and stayed stationary.   The sighting lasted for about ten minutes and occured just after 9 pm.  I could still make out the UFO when I left the school field.   I walked home very excited about what I had just observed and the first thing I was going to say to my room mate was if he wanted too come and take a look at a UFO in the sky near the high school, so I came upstairs gave his door a quick knock and entered his room.   I was instantly hit by a big gust of wind that made the curtains hit the roof and I almost blacked out, it felt like I had been drugged or was overcome by a deamonic dark presence,  I remember seeing a dark shadow creature come over me freezing me with fear. I thought  to myself oh my god I just had my room mate abducted and I went to the living room where I noticed that 20 minutes had elapsed in 40 seconds, I looked around the house for my room mate and finally found him outside when I told him the things that had just happened, he didn’t think it was crazy at all.  I was overcome by an energy and dreading feeling that I had too get out of the house, I thought for sure I was going to be abducted and I did not want to put anyone’s life in danger.   I left the house and walked for about an hour too a picnic table at a small creek that was still in the city but it was late and I barely observed a vehicle.   At this time I was starting to calm down and was beginning to accept what had recently happened to me, I was a little bit on edge because I jumped when something came out of the bushes, it turned out to be a dog that stopped to take a drink out of the creek and continued on his way.  It was starting to get late, approximately 1 am, I grabbed my backpack and was about to head to the road when I heard something in the bushes again and thought it was the dog having another drink at the creek so I walked down to the waters edge to see if I could pet him and make a friend, I was mistaken because I observed two short human like creatures, around 4&#8242 tall and a slender build, they had dark eyes that were larger then our own and no visible hair clothes to speak off. The creatures were dark In colour but not black, possibly a dark grey. I watched the ET’s run away from me running towards a carwash looking back at me for a glance, the one  jumped on top of a car with ease and ran over the top of it jumping down and continuing to follow the other  as they ran into the dark where I could not make them out.  I instantly thought” if they are running that way I am going this way” and I made my way to the brightly light highway that was nearby.  I was honestly scared of these things and all I wanted to do at this ! time was too feel safe.  I honestly don’t know what they were g! oing to do to me or why they ran away.  It has even crossed my mind that perhaps they were either coming to drink water from the creek or were stalking the stray dog that recently came from the path that the et’s were.   I accept now that we are not alone and am amazed at the fact that we have so many documented account of the same lights in the sky and the same creatures known as the Grey Aliens.;49.9352479087452;-119.405923954372
