I remember it being in June of 1987 but the actual day is hard to remember.;1987-06-15 20:00:00;2 Hours;I remember it being in June of 1987 but the actual day is hard to remember. There is a stretch of road that runs through Burlington Ct called rout 4. Located off this road and between Johnnycake Airport and the Burlington Trout Hatchery is a stretch of winding roads that takes you into the direction of Nepaug Reservoir. Along these roads which has zero street lights and is very wooded is a clearing that overlooks a small section of the reservoir. On this night my brother, his friend and myself were sitting on the hood of my car looking up at the night sky that was loaded with stars. I remember talking about the Challenger accident (6 months eariler) that for me was still fresh in my mind. My brothers friend was the first to notice a star like object crossing the night sky. Looking in the direction he was pointing I observed this object cross the entire sky within seconds as far as the eye could see than turn around to make a pass back in our direction. This happend 4 times in a matter of 1 minute. On what was to be its final pass we noticed in its path was a much larger object, the best way I can describe it to you is it looked like a circle formation of star like objects. As the moving craft reached this larger circle (maintaining its same observed speed) we thought it would continue going but when it reached the outer edge of this larger circle it was just gone. At that moment we looked at each other amaized at what we had seen, and over to our left, above the water and small hilltops were these three(3) fire balls. The formation between these 3 fireballs and our location was a diamond. We looked at the objects for at least 30 minutes. Within this time frame each one moved very slowly, the one to our far left seemed to drift straight back and away from us than it was gone like it flipped off a switch. The object to our far right descended straight down behind the tree line. At that moment we noticed a small plane making its landing approach at the near by airfield, thats when I made the joakingly remark and said (pointing to the object dead ahead of us) Watch, I bet this one will bounce Just as I said it, the object started to bounce itself behind the small hilltop. These objects were at the same level as the small plane was at the time of its landing approach to the airfield. By this time we were speechless as to what we saw. At that moment we heard a noise that came from the very dark woods behind us that sounded as if something fell from the top of the trees and hit every branch on its way down. If you had a stop watch at that moment I think it would have been a new worlds record for getting into a car, locking the doors, turning the key and getting our asses outta there. We drove to Torrington Ct which is about a 30 minute drive, within 10 minutes of getting into town we saw another friend of my brothers, we told her what we had seen, drove her back up to the sight and each one of the fireballs were back in the exact place we saw them the first time. After a few minutes they each began to move again as they did before. We never looked up into the sky to see if the star formation was still there and whatever had made the noise that scared us outta there in the first place I guess was gone cause we didn't hear any noises again. The person we found to show her what we had seen had seen enough and wanted to go back after observing the objects for only about 15 ! minutes. Whatever we had seen that night, in the sky and over the reservoir were not low or high flying air planes except for the one noted. As far as what fell out of the tree, who knows, but I bet it hurt. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));41.7563;-72.9436
Glowing large fireball.;2013-06-14 21:50:00;7 minutes;Glowing large fireball. Glowing large orange ball flying appeared suddenly over a field not far from the road where our car was. It was hovering up in the air , floating with no noise, after took off over the field heading Southeast and disappeared.;41.7563;-72.9436
