One starlike light observed making rapid turns, accelerating and decelerating.;1970-06-01 23:00:00;5 minutes;One starlike light observed making rapid turns, accelerating and decelerating. I am ((xx)) years old now.  I am a licensed private pilot.  I am a ((title deleted--public employee)) for the ((public agency deleted)) and have been with the ((deleted)) for ((xx--several decades))  years.  I have lived in the same area all my life.  I have served as ((second public role))  for ((xx)) years.  I am not saying this is a UFO in the normal sense of the word.  We never saw an object, just the single light.  I would just like to know what it was we saw.  I have told this story to many people and have never gotten any satisfaction.   During the summer of 1969 or 1970 when I was about 15 years old we (about 5 friends) were camping out in a rural area in West-Central Ohio at a friend’s house.  We were preparing to sleep under the stars at his farmhouse.   At about 11:00 PM, we were all laying on our backs looking at stars under a clear moonless night.   One of my friends pointed out a bright starlike light at about the zenith.  It was about the brightness of a zero magnitude star.  It was a single steady white light.  There was no apparent sound.  The light appeared to be a great distance away.   As we watched it, the light moved around the central part of the sky in a random path.  It sped up and slowed down.  It made abrupt turns at about 90 deg.  It moved around an area of sky about 10 degrees.  We watched it for a few minutes.   My friend ran into his house to bring out his telescope which was a department store 2 or 3 inch refractor.  Once he got the scope out and set up we lost the object in the sky.  We watched it for about 5 minutes total time.  Its brightness did not change.  Its movements were erratic and unlike an aircraft would make.  The turns were sharp, not like an aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.231;-84.4091
