Ignore the contact info on last submission - I thought you were referring to OTHER witnessses and i realized you meant me.;2009-06-13 21:00:00;30 min;Ignore the contact info on last submission - I thought you were referring to OTHER witnessses and i realized you meant me. At approximately 9:30 PM EST on Saturday June 13th - I and a group of others at My Place on the Beach outdoor section of the restaurant we observed an object with a circular lighting ring performing some very unusual maneuvers. I could see, from the ring of light, a shadow of a (maybe) delta wing behind. I believe the object was not necessarily round but had a lighted ring on the bottom surface. I grew up in an Air Force family and am not given to flights of fancy (pardon the pun). i also called the Indian Shores Police to see if anyone else called in a report - that is a positive.  The police dispatcher said there was (not surprisingly) no report of the even by on-duty police. I also understand that this could be a hoax of some kind, (well done) or military aircraft from nearby Tampa. The military is not given to putting on a show like that.  I might that alleged aliens would likewise not be prone to theatrics. However, someone is because they keep being reported in the same manner as I saw offshore on the Gulf of Mexico.;27.8896;-82.8409
At approximately 9:30 PM EST on Saturday June 13th - I and a group of others at My Place on the Beach outdoor section of the restaura;2009-06-13 21:00:00;30 min;At approximately 9:30 PM EST on Saturday June 13th - I and a group of others at My Place on the Beach outdoor section of the restaurant we observed an object with a circular lighting ring performing some very unusual maneuvers. I could see, from the ring of light, a shadow of a (maybe) delta wing behind. I believe the object was not necessarily round but had a lighted ring on the bottom surface. I grew up in an Air Force family and am not given to flights of fancy (pardon the pun). i also called the Indian Shores Police to see if anyone else called in a report - that is a positive. The police dispatcher said there was (not surprisingly) no report of the even by on-duty police. I also understand that this could be a hoax of some kind, (well done) or military aircraft from nearby Tampa. The military is not given to putting on a show like that.  I might that alleged aliens would likewise not be prone to theatrics.  However, someone is because they keep being reported in the same manner as I saw offshore on the Gulf of Mexico.;27.8896;-82.8409
