Orange light in field above treetops. Moved across State Highway 63 Witnessed by 2 and an Arkansa State Trooper.;2013-07-04 22:30:00;3-4 minutes;Orange Light in field above treetops. Moved across State Highway 63 Witnessed by 2 and an Arkansa State Trooper. While we were coming to Walnut Ridge around 10:15 to 10:30PM, we topped the hill about 1/4 of a mile north of the Black Rock Rest Area, as we were approaching the crest of the hill my wife thought she saw fireworks on the left side of the highway in a field.  When I looked I saw a bright orange light about 5-10 feet above a tree which was around 40-yards off the left side of the road.  Expecting to see the burst of fireworks exploding I was surprised when it didn't.  As we moved past it and descended down the hill I was watching the light in the side mirror of my vehicle. I decided to turn around at the rest stop and drive back to the top of the hill to get a closer look and before I turned in to the rest stop I noticed an Arkansas State Trooper on the left side of the highway facing up the hill.  As we pulled around the rest area to the north side exit I stopped my vehicle and looked to see the object moving left across the highway at the top of the hill.  As I looked back towards the parked State Trooper he turned on his spotlight and directed it at the orange light we were watching as it moved across the highway and disappeared behind the tree tops. We went on to town and when we were later returning home I saw the Trooper at the gas station in Black Rock and decided to pull over and talk to him about what we saw.  He said at first when he saw the light he thought it could have been a helicopter, he said he often flashed his spotlight at them and they would flash their spotlight back at him, but he said their light was white not orange like this one was.  And this one didn't flash back at him. I asked him what he thought it was and he looked back at me and we both smiled and didn't have to say another word.;36.1153;-91.1151
