I am shaking right now! I pulled up with the jeep top down and say a diamond in the sky, then I noticed greenblighys flaking to each o;2011-09-12 02:55:00;Over 1/2 hour and still g;I am shaking right now! I pulled up with the jeep top down and say a diamond in the sky, then I noticed greenblighys flaking to each other like a laser light show!  Then I realized that there were vibrating objects going to and from the diamond shape.  And they reminded memos humming birds at a feeder or the way honey bees report back to the hive..  Jaw dropped I called my sister on my phone to wake up everyone and come out! And her and my mother came out and we tried to video the happenings but couldn't catch what we were seeing.. It was like they were building a spider web or something organized.  But were all shades of green so they seemed friendly.. And my sister and mom went back in I noticed an even bigger UPSIDEDOWN Piramid shape made from stars.  Until all the white objects turn into colorful spinning ones with green red and white lights (000) that shape. But at a glance they just seemed like white stars. And another weird thing.  Out of nowhere it looked like a Mach jet (long tranglar) appeared and moved into the distance slowly. (came from big triangle area, not airplane, too large and different light pattern, Luke the ships that fly in transformers 3?)   Then the top diamond keeps moving but in place and looks like a kite on a string but remained stationary..   And I noticed a stream of new stars (possible ships) streachjng across the sky!!  That is when I had enough and wanted to get back in the house.. I also managed to take a video   And only one moving object shows up on screen( but not to my naked eye)  Wow it was amazing and this is my second sighting..  But other locals seem to have had multiple sightings in the past!   I hope this helps!! I wish i had a better camera that can pick up the sky's more clearly.. And one more note: were in endless acres of farmland and that's what I think the interest was here.. Not people, the land.;41.9943;-86.1158999999999
