Extremely massive matte grey/black boomerang with no center section  jets scrambled no lights, possible aura.;1997-04-08 19:45:00;4 sec.;Extremely massive matte grey/black boomerang with no center section  jets scrambled no lights, possible aura. I was in my jacuzzi looking at the sky. Solar flares had been in the news starting April 7 and it was soon thereafter.  Exactly overhead I noticed an aberation moving across the sky.  A solar flare I thought.  But after watching it I noticed the well defined shape and that it had a couple of distinct characteristics. It was shaped like a long boomerang, but wasn't quite as angled, and it spanned a substantial section of the sky.  It looked matte black or dark gray. The entire inside edge was very sharp and the center section (perhaps 5-10% of the entire thing) seemed very hazy whereas the rest of the object was well defined.  It moved from south to north to the west of Sonoma as if following the I-5 Corridor  ((sic.  See below.  PD))  It continued north moving very fast, it was about 4 seconds until I couldn't see it anymore as it began to merge with the just-after-dusk sky. It was very high up.  I ran into the house to get my sister and she came out and we both looked. Within seconds we saw two planes together coming from the north. When they got to about halfway between where I first and last saw the object, one of the planes split off sharply and headed west. The other plane continued south. The planes appeared to be at the same height as the object and like most planes that high up, they just appeared as spots of light. In contrast the object had spanned an entire section of the sky which is why I thought initially it was a visual aberation from solar flares. (That could have something to do with an aura, but I didn't specifically see one.)  I went inside and figured the size by triangulation. I think it came out to somewhere between a mile or 2 wide. Somehow the size, height and speed had combined to make it feel very heavy and deliberate, like it was doing surveillance. It made me feel as if I had seen it, but it had also seen me. As if I'd inadvertantly and unintentially had a conscious exchange, like when I catch someone's eye.  I didn't jacuzzi at night for months afterward so I wouldn't be available for another encounter. Too chilling. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Correction of location to sighting report. (101 highway corridor east of Sonoma, NOT the I-5 corridor.) Correction to submitted report: The sighting was over the 101 Highway corridor, NOT the 5 Highway corridor. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));38.2828;-122.4677
