Burning bright orb with a plane above following it then it either burned up, crashed or just lit up when out of view;2007-12-10 17:00:00;13 seconds;Burning bright orb with a plane above following it then it either burned up, crashed or just lit up when out of view It was about 5:30 p.m. and it had gotten dark about an hour before so it was almost pitch black out.  Me and my friend were sitting in our car with the lights off at the end of a peninsula that is in the middle of the Kennebec River right near the mouth of the river.  Popham beach fort was directly in front of us.  I wasn’t really looking at the sky when all of a sudden my friend yelled look at those shooting stars!  I looked up and saw two lights traveling east so they were moving towards our left because we were looking south.  They were at about a 20 degree angle.  And at least a couple miles away but close enough so that I saw a jet trail on the top one.  I only saw them for about three seconds but I remember every detail about them.  They were moving at the same speed.  One was above the other about a quarter inch apart.  The one on top had a white light like most planes do and I remember noticing it had a trail just like a jet has.  The bottom one however was many times bigger, had no trail and was glowing bright orange.  It looked like a perfect circle and about the size of a BB while the one on top looked like a star.  They were moving almost horizontal, but most shooting stars come down at an angle. Almost as soon as I saw them the bottom one steadily grew from dim orange to burning, bright, orange without changing shape at all.  Right as it passed over and behind a peninsula to our left it became so bright and right when it was out of view it lit up the sky around the area it was in and we saw what seemed like a bright flash or explosion above the trees, but not a quick flash just a steady flash.  As soon as it was gone we said, ((deleted)), what was that?  We debated for a while about what it was and we concluded that they could not have been both shooting stars because the one on top had a trail and the bottom one didn’t.  My friend had seen them traveling west to east for maybe ten seconds and said he didn’t pay much attention at first because he thought they were planes.  He said they were flying horizontally and as fast as planes far away, not as fast as shooting stars   It was like nothing we had ever seen before and it was so big for the distance it was at if it was a meteor it would have caused a tsunami or something.  I saw a few ufo encounter reports about glowing amber orbs and saw drawings of what they described and it looked like the same exact thing but must have been larger because of how far away it was.  I’m dead serious about this I wouldn’t have spent the time reporting it if I wasn’t, believe me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.768;-69.8154
