I saw what appeared to be a large boomerang shaped craft with pale blue lights along the leading edge.;1982-12-10 22:00:00;00:20;I saw what appeared to be a large boomerang shaped craft with pale blue lights along the leading edge. I was driving east toward Boone, NC, along US Hwy 421, which is in the NE corner of the state, at approximately 10 - 10:30 PM, about the middle of December, of 1982.  It was a cold & crisp evening with no clouds, and was a beautiful starry night.  I was looking out my side window toward the nearby mountains which the road paralleled, when something above caught my eye.  There was not any other traffic on the road at this time.  Slowing down somewhat to try & get a better look at what I had thought I had seen, I rolled the window down & looked out & up.  At this time I saw a bunch of pale blue lights in formation overhead moving slowly toward the northeast.  I pulled off the side of the road & got out of my vehicle.  Overhead, at what I guessed to be maybe 1000 - 1200 feet above, I could just barely make out the shape of a large dark boomerang and the pale blue lights were evenly spaced along the leading edge.  The lights did not waver and were constant.  I could easily see the stars behind the object blotted out as the shape passed in front of them.  Shortly after pulling over, another vehicle came along heading in the same direction as I had been.  My lights were still on, & I assume they must have thought I had a vehicle problem, as they slowed down & pulled over a short distance behind me.  They saw me standing by the side of the road peeering up, & they also got out to see what I was looking at.  There were 2 or 3 people in the other car.  I never did get their names, but pointed out to them what I was seeing.  They saw it as well.  The shape seemed to be moving quite slowly across the sky.  There was no sound at all.  I assumed the altitude of the shape above, as I had nothing to gauge the distance by, it being dark.  But looking at the object & holding my arms extended upward & pointing to either side of the boomerang itself, my hands were approximately 3 1/2 feet apart.  This is the only way I can judge how big the shape was, other than that the shape was about the same size as the B-52 bombers, which used to do fly overs on a regular basis over the area during the early days of the Vietnam War, in training missions.  These bombers used to fly at about 1000 - 1200 feet, close enough to the ground that you could see the windows along the side, & could easily make out the markings on the wings.  I watched this object as it slowly passed overhead, until I could see it no longer.  I don't think it was any kind or type of conventional aircraft, due to the fact that it made no sound whatsoever, & it seemed to be moving too slowly for its size.  I have never seen anything like this before or after this one night, but I will certainly never forget what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));36.218962765958;-81.6986631205674
