I was on my way home from my brothers house. He lived just down the road. It was 2:30 in the morning.Instead of turning into my laneway;1997-08-10 02:55:00;100 seconds;I was on my way home from my brothers house. He lived just down the road. It was 2:30 in the morning.Instead of turning into my laneway...I turned into my mothers laneway instead,which was also on my way to my home. I drove past my moms house,and continued along the lane that led down the valley,into the river flats,and the farmland that we own. I dont know why I was there at that time of night...I was running on empty,for fuel long ago.But I had a strong desire to be where I was heading. I turned of my car,I sat on the hood of my car while my dog ran around in the tall grass,looking for mice. I was only on my car for maybe 1 min. Then I did something I have never done before,I made sure to take note of the time,and also placed my hand on the hood of my car to get a feeling how warm the hood was...just incase of missing time....weird...no longer after I did that,I had an eerie feeling I was being watched.I got up off my car,looked around the pasture,and in the sky,was a light,maybe twice as bright as the other stars.flying at an arch angle,towards me...very...very...fast. Within 10 seonds it was rite over top of me.I immediately ran for the door of my car...I was scared...as soon as my hand touched the handle of the car...immediate calm came over me...I let go of the handle...just then...the light exploded into a brillant white glow...so bright I could not look at it...I held my right hand up to shield the rays....I could just barely block the whole ball of light with the palm of my hand.A liitle bit of that bright light shined through the cracks in my fingers,and hit me in the left eye....I shut it rite away,because it hurt.I turned my head away..thats when I noticed the valley floor,50 feet below me was all light up from the reflection of this light ball. Not a cricket,frog,car or any noise juring the entire event...Even more weird...my dog seemed frozen..as if her batteries were dead..just standing there motionless...staring at the door handle of the car...which is where we were both ! headed towards before the light got really bright. I thought it was going to blow up....then..its intensity started to dull...10 seconds later....it was back to its original size...then I watched it fly away,in about 4 seconds....from 100 feet...rite into what looked to me like space..it went straight up,like the movement of a spark in a fire. Then everynight for a month I had terrible dreams of floods,winds,martial law,...much more. Every since then...my life has never been normal again. I have had 4 men dressed in black,near my home,a warrantless raid,helicopter harrassment,I have all kinds of footage of of this and weird lights and a triangular craft.....my website is  ((URL deleted)) That is where I have posted a lot of my info.Sice this experience...I now listen to classical music..instead of rock.....I dont drink alchol anymore....... I call this light .....The Messenger. Take care God Bless I cant be the only one...................... ((name deleted));42.6876;-81.7952
