This was the best encounter.;2020-04-11 00:58:00;3-3 1/2;This was the best encounter. Now this is the 2nd time, exactly 2 weeks from the last encounter, in the exact same area and around the exact same time, but first sighting lasted 5 1/2hrs.  Now this object, on separate encounters, was exactly the same shape and size.  A large chrome half dome object with 5 lights dangling underneath it on separate tentacles and different lengths.  It was accompanied by 2 smaller ones that were orbiting it and dancing around.  The 1st encounter, which lasted roughly 6 hours, I wanted to use a lazer pointer to get it's attention, but I only had a L.E.D. headlamp.  So I focused the beam and I 2-3-2 at it and it started to, I guess you can it sorta acknowledged us.  Where we were, saw, doing and witnessing I told my buddy that no one will believe us.  Exactly 2 weeks later, same time and same area, my girlfriend and I were enjoying the night, when I looked out the window and got startled and said to my girlfriend   They came back!  They came back!  They're here! I knew they would come back!! She started yelling  Who came back??? I told her to look and look she did. The expression on her face was priceless. I told her  See??! You and my mom think I'm fucking crazy, well is that crazy?? She didn't know what to say but she was in awww. This time I came equipped with a 632nm Lazer pointer and 3500luemen L.E.D. tact. light. So I 2-3-2 at it and it stayed hovering above us after about an hour we left for my house and hoping that it followed. Arriving out front of my house, looked up and to my hoping, there it was.  It followed us and hovered about 1/2- 3/4 miles directly above us. 1 thing I can tell you that don't try to use a telescope in hurry to zoom in on an object.  It don't work to the way you need it to.  I would've written everything to detail but I'm too lazy to and don't have the patience either, but I can tell you 1 thing tho.  It was real and what the media is saying it's a satellite? Bullshit! Satellites can't defy gravity.  No propeller motion and certainly not exhaust because exhaust mean! s thrust This was silent and hovering. Nada can blow smoke up your ass but not mine, it's common sense. BTW, both encounters, not a single jet in the sky as far as we could see;40.781;-76.2300999999999
