Flying colors in the middle of nowhere.;2012-09-25 06:00:00;5 minutes;Flying colors in the middle of nowhere. I was driving down the road which was empty at the time and looked up at the sky because I saw pretty colors which were red, green and blue.   At first I thought it was a reflection of something but quickly noticed it wasn't. I pulled over so I could get a clean clear picture because it was so close and my phone froze, which has never happened before.  By the time my phone unfroze it was gone.  And I don't do drugs or drink and I wasn't sleepy, it was not my imagination playing tricks on me.;37.0418;-119.6806
We notice a light flying smoothly through the sky, not fast like a jet and not slow like a airplane..;2017-06-30 22:00:00;6 seconds;Summer of 2017, Friant, California…  On the Madera side of Millerton, there is a dead end in which families can set up BBQ's and a dock for people with boats.  It was approximately 9:40 ((p.m.)), when my boyfriend and I noticed people hanging out on the dock enjoying the stars.  We decided to walk down to the dock and do the same.   When we got to the dock, we sat down for a few moments to wait for the other people to leave so we could sit at the very end.  Eventually they left and we sat on the end.   Just looking into the sky discussing our relationship problems no more than two minutes into the conversation we notice a light flying smoothly through the sky, not fast like a jet and not slow like a airplane..  It just glided vertically through the sky and before we knew it, it zoomed up into the sky horizontally and just disappeared.  As it zoomed up to disappear it didn't just move at a crazy speed it's almost as if it just faded up into the sky.   We could depict what it was, we were so shocked we couldn't bring our minds the the thought of us actually sighting a ufo.  Crazy part is, you'd think we'd be so shocked and tell our family, but its as if the whole moment slipped our mind cause we never brought up...   I'm a strong believer so how could something like this just slip my mind til this year of 2018?  How did I not instantly react and pull out my phone?  It's like being stuck in  the moment made us forget what was really happening… ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.0418;-119.6806
Summer of 2017, Friant California...On the Madera side of millerton, there is a dead end in which families can set up BBQ's and a dock;2017-06-30 22:00:00;6 seconds;Summer of 2017, Friant, California… On the Madera side of Millerton, there is a dead end in which families can set up BBQ's and a dock for people with boats.  It was approximately 9:40 when my boyfriend and i noticed people hanging out on the dock enjoying the stars.  We decided to walk down to the dock and do the same.  When we got to the dock we sat down for a few moments to wait for the other people to leave so we could sit at the very end.  Eventually they left and we sat on the end.  Just looking into the sky discussing our relationship problems no more than two minutes into the conversation we notice a light flying smoothly threw the sky, not fast like a jet and not slow like a airplane..  It just glided vertically through the sky and before we knew it, it zoomed up into the sky horizontally and just disappeared.  As it zoomed up to disappear it didnt just move at a crazy speed its almost if it just faded up into the sky.  We could depict what it was, we were ! so shocked we couldn't bring our minds the the thought of us actually sighting a ufo.  Crazy part is, you'd think we'd be so stoked and tell our family, but its as if the whole moment slipped our mind cause we never brought up…  i'm a strong believer so how could something like this just slip my mind til this year of 2018? How did i not instantly react and pull out my phone?  It's like being stuck in  the moment made us forget what was really happening… ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.0418;-119.6806
