Bright light  above fields to east of Interstate 5, which did not move while watched for 13 minutes.;2004-01-30 18:47:00;13 minutes;Bright light  above fields to east of Interstate 5, which did not move while watched for 13 minutes. Observers were myself, husband and our 11yr old twins. While heading to the on ramp to I-5 south at the Chamber Way ramp at 18:47 I noticed a bright light in the sky just to the east of the freeway.  It was high enough up in the sky to later be obliterated from sight by some low rain clouds.  It was just getting dark outside.  I asked my daughter [in the back seat directly behind me] to look at the light.  She did and we talked about what it could be because we often see planes flying high on their way to SeaTac. This was different because the entire time we watched it [13 minutes] we never saw one of the usual blinking red or blue lights.  The light did not move hardly at all.  It never seemed to get closer, nor further away.  At one point the light was visible to my husband [driving], and our son sitting directly behind him.  We all were stumped as to what it could be.  The light was much brighter than any light I have ever seen in the sky, with the exception of a helicopter spotlighting the ground.  This did not appear to be directing light anywhere.  We all agreed the light was a different kind of light. A 'glittery' king of light.  When compared to the moon it was like comparing regular car headlights to the new bright halogens.  Seeing as it was east of I-5 my daughter and I both watched it until it was blotted out by dark rain clouds.  We all watched it for a moment at a traffic light before entering the freeway and it was not moving.  My husband believes it was quite high.  I think it was much lower as it was about a minimum of 5X larger than the lights we commonly see on commercial planes.  There is a small plane airport east of the freeway, but this light was not moving.  It appeared to me to be about 6-8 miles east of the freeway and much lower altitude than commercial planes fly at.  I never took my eyes off it while on the freeway, hoping to see a familar blinking light to explain it away, but I have no idea what it was, or where it went.  The light didn't 'twinkle' like sta! rs do. It was a constant light, bright enough to keep me from making out any shape behind it.  It was covered by clouds at 19:00. ((ADDENDUM)) correction to prior report I already filed a report on this sighting.  I think I mistakenly told you it was on the east side of the freeway.  It was over the west side.  Sorry for the confusion.;46.6382;-122.9658
Round white light moving very fast and low.;2017-09-12 00:50:00;2-3 seconds;Round white light moving very fast and low. Driving north on Interstate 5, between mile markers 80 and 81, just north of Chehalis, WA. Time was approx. 12:50 pm, Sept. 12th, 2017.  I may be off on the exact time, it happened two weeks ago and I haven't posted this until now.   My attention was drawn to a large round white object moving across my field of view from right to left it looked like it had a white trail behind it as it was moving very fast and also at a relatively low altitude.  I don't know how to estimate the altitude exactly but I'd say it was maybe 3 to 4 thousand feet high.   At first I thought it was a reflection on my windshield but as I followed it with my eyes I saw it out my rolled down driver-side window.  Definitely something in the sky moving fast and low in a generally West direction.  Maybe slightly north of west.  The entire event lasted 2 to 3 seconds but was pretty impressive.  Didn't hear any sounds or notice any electronic effects.  Not the first time I've seen a UFO on this general flight path in this area.;46.6382;-122.9658
Silent, stationary light, accelerated slowly and flew away to the south. that star is moving.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus??  PD));2017-11-01 07:15:00;90 seconds;silent, stationary light, accelerated slowly and flew away to the south. &quotthat star is moving&quot I was walking my stepdaughter to the bus stop and she asked me to pick her up (she is 5) so I picked her up and we were looking up at the trees and the sky and we noticed a bright star next to two other stars (less bright)  At this point the brighter star started to move slowly at fist and then more rapidly to the south.  I didn't want to upset her so when she said that star is moving I said yep it's probably a plane or a helicopter, knowing full well that it was neither.  The object was silent.   My step daughter said  I think it's a rocket ship I simply smiled and said maybe.  I have seen these before in this area, but it is a little unsettling to know that whatever it is it makes stops in our neighborhood.  It is almost as if it could see that we were looking at it because that is when it moved on.   Recently, I have considered that some of these sightings may be drones.  If it was a drone, which is unlikely given the power requirements of a modern drone, which would drain to quickly considering brightness of the light it was emitting.  I do not think that if this was a drone it is one that is commercially available.;46.6382;-122.9658
A row of horizontal orange lights moving in formation then they began diverging in different directions twinkling on and off until they;2020-12-24 22:14:00;8 mins;A row of horizontal orange lights moving in formation then they began diverging in different directions twinkling on and off until they all disappeared;46.6382;-122.9658
