orange and white rectangular, spinning object moved slowly west then south, shooting out things to the S.  ((NUFORC Note:  Star??  PD));2007-05-25 17:00:00;~45min;orange and white rectangular, spinning object moved slowly west then south, shooting out things to the south In the late afternoon of May 25th, 2007 I was laying outside on our lawn swing with my youngest son, enjoying the nice afternoon and looking at the sky when I noticed an odd object just hanging in the air to the east.  It was positioned above a contrail.  I watched it for about 5 minutes and could see it was definitely NOT an airplane, helicoptor, hot air balloon, parachutist or other typical aircraft.  I could see it was colored orange and white, was rectangular and was in an upright position, with the narrow sides of the rectangle being the top and bottom of the thing. I could also see it slowly rotating to my right.  After that I ran inside to get my binoculars and was frantically calling my other two sons to come outside and see this thing with me.  We went to the front yard and observed it for quite some time- maybe 15 minutes, both with the naked eye and the binoculars.  The object had begun to move slowly to the west.  I told my 12 year-old son to go get his telescope.   He brought it out quickly and I fiddled with trying to get the thing to focus on the object but it had gotten so high in the sky while traveling westward it was impossible to get the telescope balanced that high although I did get it in view several times only it lose it.  However while I was busy focusing I did see what I thought were white things shooting out of it or something shooting out that disturbed the atmosphere.  I passed it off as my eyes were playing tricks on me while I was trying to focus.  I had seen 4 or 5 of the things shoot out - toward the south.  It looked like white things of various sizes followed by streaks of heatwaves or that clear mirage type of thing.  Then my 12 year-old son said:  Mom, I see things shooting out of it!   I asked him to tell me what they looked like, he said they were white things.  I asked him what direction he saw them go and he said to his right which was the south. I then knew I had indeed seen things shooting out of it.  I gave up on the telescope and used the binoculars while the object then moved south.  We watched this thing for a relatively long time, about 45 mintues total.  Then it just disappeared, vanished.  It had been in full view the whole time, there were no clouds in the sky at the time,  just the contrail that had moved northeast and was nowhere near the object.  But it simply vanished instantly before our eyes.;46.6382;-122.9658
