Bright, variable, barely moving, light/object appeared, disappeared, and twice briefly reappeared just after sunset.;2015-09-17 19:15:00;20 minutes;Bright, variable, barely moving, light/object appeared, disappeared, and twice briefly reappeared just after sunset. While heading west on I-68 just west of the mountainous Garrett/Allegany County, Maryland, line, at about 19:15 EDT on 9-17-2015, my 8 year old daughter and I were chasing the sunset.  We exited the freeway after cresting Big Savage Mountain at the Finzel Road exit as the sun set through the trees.  My daughter exclaimed “What is that light?”.  Sure enough, 15-20 degrees north of the now just set sun was a bright yellow light 15-20 degrees above the horizon.  At the time it appeared stationary and higher than it was wide. We continued west on U.S. 40 for 3-4 minutes until we could pull over at a local business on Long Stretch to get the binoculars out (not the best binoculars but functional), with a full view of the horizon.  It appeared to be a bright yellow arch seen at an oblique angle, probably reflecting the setting sun.  We observed it for 6-8 minutes, sharing the binoculars, when it disappeared.  It reappeared within 2-3 minutes but had now totally changed shape and color.  With the naked eye, it was just a bright orangeish light.  With the binoculars, it looked like a dark oblong object in a horizontal position with a bright reddish light at the center base, and appeared to have moved 2-3 degrees to the southeast.  It was more than Venus bright.   A female patron of the business saw us and came to see what we were doing and saw this version, as well. It lasted 4-5 minutes and disappeared again.  Another 2-3 minutes later, it appeared a couple of more degrees to the southeast (co! ming slightly towards us and moving to our left) for another 2-3 minutes, until disappearing for good.  There were no contrails but a couple of jets with contrails were visible to the west during the same time period and also clearly reflected the sun. Weather was clear and high sixties with a very light haze (smog from Ohio River valley?) Any suggestions or similar sitings?;39.6498;-78.9357
