4 silent orange balls of light flying across field of view chasing each other at decent rate of speed and quite low above Oswego, IL.;2012-11-17 20:30:00;20-30 seconds;4 silent orange balls of light flying across field of view chasing each other at decent rate of speed and quite low above Oswego, IL. I had just arrived home in Aurora, IL with my wife, mother-in-law and two girls right about 8:30 pm. It was already dark outside being that it was mid-November. We had groceries in the car that we had to unload them before my wife was to take her mother home in Naperville, IL.  So we all got out of the car, the girls went inside followed by the rest of us carrying the groceries. I came back outside by myself to get the rest of the groceries. As I walked down to the car that was parked in the middle of the driveway, I noticed an orange ball of light with blurry edges come to view on my left moving south to north in a perfectly straight line. It was moving at a pretty good speed and awfully low which is why I stayed fixated on it!  All of a sudden, a second identical ball of light showed up right behind it! By then, the first ball of light was right in front of me, but disappeared behind my neighbor’s house that was also in front of me. I then turned by attention to the 2nd ball of light that was following the first and I watched it as it began to move in front of me….Just as I stayed transfixed on it, I noticed yet another ball of light pop up behind it that looked just like the first two and chasing the second ball of light. It was then that I knew that these were not planes! All I can say was that they were bright orange balls of light chasing one another. I then instantly realized that these were not planes! Planes simply do not behave like this they do not chase each other in this manner or fly so low.  I then ran into the house through the garage and I frantically told my wife, who was in the kitchen, to come with me and to make it fast because I had to show her something before they disappeared. She was actually pretty startled by my sense of excitement. She came running out and I pointed out the two lights. By then, the 2nd ball of light had just began to peek out again from being out of view due to my neighbor’s house all while the 3rd ball of light was just about to be covered by my neighbor’s house.  Suddenly, we both then noticed that an identical 4th ball of light appeared flying in the same manner, path and height as the other 3 balls of lights that preceded it. All 4 objects looked identical, flew in the same speed and height all while following each other and were very low. They were so low that they should have made some noise, but they were perfectly silent. They made no sound whatsoever. They all appeared to by flying along US-30 which would put them over in Oswego, IL air space which is the direction I was facing. As all of the objects peeked out from behind my neighbor’s home, they changed their direction all heading west towards Oswego at which time they simply disappeared in the distance.  My wife and I were left dumbfounded by what we just witnessed. After the last light disappeared, we simply got the rest of the groceries and came back into the house. I was left intrigued by the whole experience and I began to look over the internet for any mentions of the same from other people in the area. Though I did not find any mentions of today’s sightings from other area people, I did stumble upon several internet sites, including this site, referencing similar/recent sightings of the same orange lights in Oswego, IL.;41.6837;-88.3499000000001
