Black object of indeterminate, constantly shifting shape seen passing over Exeter, NH.;2006-07-29 20:00:00;5 min;Black object of indeterminate, constantly shifting shape seen passing over Exeter, NH. The object approached from the west, and maintained a steady trajectory towards the east, curving gently towards the south as it passed. At first it appeared to be an airplane, but it never resolved into any singular airplane shape. Sometimes it appeared to be a biplane flying in an extreme crab, sometimes it looked like a star. From first sighting, its shape was constantly moving, in a rotational manner, with a period of approximately 12 seconds. At its closest approach, it appeared that there were many (c. 20) discrete shapes rotating around the center. It maintained an overall spherical aspect at all times, and the rate of internal motion never changed. One observer saw the rotation as around a perpendicular axis. It seemed that the front of the object shifted its shape less, while the rear (as it travelled) seemed at times to be anemone-like, though with slower motion.  The object remained black, never showing any other colors, nor reflecting any light, though it didn't seem to pass into any sunlight. As it passed, both of us saw what appeared to be a halo around the object, perfectly circular, about a third of the object's diameter further out from its center. The halo appeared as an indistinct lighter ring, with a slightly darker ring around it. One observer felt it was a lens-like effect.  Its apparent speed was comperable to a light airplane, and its apparent altitude was also comperable to where a light airplane would fly, as it remained beneath all clouds. A rain storm had recently passed, and the cloud deck was moderately high - not low, but not as high as airliners travel.  One of us grew up around airplanes, and has been obsessed with them in varying degrees for his whole life. He is a musician, and has a strong background in the sciences. The other observer was raised in a very socratic household, where everything is open to question, but where the simplest answer must prevail.;42.9827;-70.9472
Just after sunset,my wife and I observed a large,round,glowing white orb with blue,green,and purple blinking lights in the middle.;2007-01-24 18:00:00;15 minutes;Just after sunset,my wife and I observed a large,round,glowing white orb with blue,green,and purple blinking lights in the middle. At approximately 6:10 P.M, 1/24/07, my wife and I saw a round, bright, glowing object, which was white with blue, purple, and green blinking lights towards the middle of the orb.  After around 5 mintues it looked to be eliptical.  It looked so close, we saw planes fly below it and above it but the object was 50 times the size of the other lights from the planes.  My mother-in-law came out and I showed her with the binnoculars and she was puzzled at what this could of been.  It moved from about 10 feet above the treeline towards the right and down extremely slowly, and moved below the treeline and away within about 15 minutes of the sighting.  Since the summer of '06 I have seen the object several times, calling the police department, and also a local news station with no results.  There have been several witnesses in my neighborhood also.   When contacting the police, 2 minutes after a quickly blinking light streaked across the sky underneath it and the object darted away as if a warning shot had been fired.   It is always seen to the Western sky, from my house in the Northeast portion of my town.;42.9827;-70.9472
