I was returning from the first Vietnam Moratorium (that is how I fix the date accurately) in Boston with some friends in an old VW bus.;1969-10-15 21:00:00;30 min;I was returning from the first Vietnam Moratorium (that is how I fix the date accurately) in Boston with some friends in an old VW bus. The VW was starting to act up(I don't suspect any UFO effects - just a typical college junker VW) so we exited I-95 and got onto a side road south of exeter and portsmouth, NH.As we started up a hill with the VW it started to die and did so part way up the hill. Well there was a light on at a house about 150 yards up the road (the only house around) and so we walked up to the house and asked to use the phone. I called my roommate and asked for him to pick us up. We went back to the VW and sat there waiting and looking out the window at the night sky. After a few minutes I saw some lights (pretty much tiny discs to points of light positioned to the right side of our vehicle) in the sky that were moving in a way I had never seen. They would move in different directions and in different ways. A typical move would be to move in a straight line and then take a 90 degree turn without slowing down. I am familiar with aircraft movement since I lived near Pease air base and was used to seeing the high speed f-111's that were stationed there. These lights were in the 30 to 80 degree range off the horizon and were moving at times at speeds like a jet fighter and at other times they would be still in the air. One even was still in the sky and then just took off at speed , went up in the sky and disappeared. One time several moved to a single point in the sky but there always seemed to be 6 or 8 or maybe more craft visible at any time.There came a time when I caught sight of a Cigar shaped craft moving slowly through my field of vision and across the road we had come up to our present  position. The craft continued to moveacross the road and settled down over what seemed to be a field on the other side of the road and by this time I was 50 to 75 yards down the road from the VW and on the left side of the road. I was somewhat excited when it settled down and was furth! er conflicted when lights came on and blinked around the craft. I say around the craft because a light would blink from right to left and as it reached the left of the craft it would disappear and shortly thereafter it would reappear blinking at the right edge of the craft.I say the plural lights since I believe there were many lights with only one coming on at a time. And there were other lights that stayed on that appeared to be windows above the centerline where the blinking lights were located. I had mixed emotions at this point - wonder and fear. I turned and ran over to my friends up the road - they nwere still watching other lights- and told them there was something they have to see. We headed back to where we could see the cigar and it was gone. Some traffic came by- one stoppedto see if we needed help and after that all craft were gone. The whole experience from first sighting was probably about20 - 30 minutes and the cigar sighting I had was in the 2-4 minute range.;42.9827;-70.9472
Gigantic Cigar;2005-07-20 15:15:00;10 Minutes;Gigantic Cigar My name is David Anthony Woody and I use the nickname Tony. I live in Exeter, New Hampshire. I am a retired Navy Chief with twenty-two years of service. My job in the Navy was a lot of fun because I was an Instructor Flight Engineer on the P3 Orion  and EP-3 Reconnaissance aircraft.  I also gave in flight check-rides to fellow pilots and flight engineers. I have twenty-one years of flying experience and I have logged over 10,000 hours of flight time. I also worked for Boeing in Everett Washington north of Seattle for two years as a Quality Assurance Manager leading a team of 65 people in the Systems Installation Division on the Boeing 777 Production Line.  I’ve flown over the entire globe and never have I ever seen anything like I saw on the afternoon of July 20, 2005 at approximately 3:15 PM. I was outside preparing my lawnmower getting ready to mow my yard. I had just fueled it and finished checking the oil and had finished installing the grass catcher when I took a drink from a glass of water and was looking up into the sky as I tilted the glass of water back to finish it off. That’s when I noticed this enormous silver cigar shaped object in the sky at about a 40 to 45 degree angle above the horizon. There were very few clouds in the sky and it was about 90% clear blue sky that day with excellent visibility. Below you can see the information taken from the local Seacoast Online News Weather section for July 20, 2005 during that timeframe.  Time   Condition    Temp  DewPoint Humid. Visib.      Press. Wind  2:55PM Partly Cloudy 90°F  59°F   36%  Unlimited   29.89  From WNW7mph  3:55PM Partly Cloudy 90°F  59°F    36%  Unlimited   29.88  From W9mph  To put the scale of the size of this object into perspective think about this, take a Cessna airplane and park it next to a Boeing 747. Then take the 747 and place it next to this object and the 747 would look like the Cessna does beside a 747 in relation to the size of the object. Another example would be that this object was about twice the size of a modern day US Navy Nimitz Class Aircraft Carrier. On first glance my initial thought was that it was the Hood blimp, which has been flying around in the area recently but I quickly dismissed that idea.  While watching this object for about ten minutes I realized that it wasn’t making any sound at all and although I can’t be exact, I thought it was between 2500 and 3500 feet in the air. With something that large it’s hard to really tell but I remember thinking that was about right because the clouds were around 5000 feet that day and it seemed to be below the clouds. There was also a row of large windows evenly spaced around the entire perimeter of the object a little bit higher than center on the object. I did not see anything or anyone in the windows.  The object was moving from the West directly toward me heading in an Easterly direction and moving very slowly. Again with something that large it’s hard to estimate speed with something that large but my educated guess is it was moving much slower than 100 knots.  I looked around to see if any of my neighbors were outside but no one else was outside at the time but me.  I also thought about running into the house to get my digital camera, but I didn’t know how long the object would be there so I was afraid I would miss seeing it the entire time it was in view and I didn’t want to risk that.  I’m glad I decided to stay because not long after I made that decision the object changed from a bright shiny silver color and started to glow a red/orange color. Then there was this strange looking cloud of orange/red flames that started growing and billowing underneath the entire bottom of the object. The billowing fiery clouds reminded me of the way napalm rolls along on the vintage war film footage of Viet Nam I’ve seen on television except that there was no smoke associated with it. At that point I had a shot of adrenalin due to extreme fear because I thought it was going to attack me in some way. It looked as if the air itself had been suddenly ignited in a large billowing cloud of flames. Just as I was about to turn and run into the house due to fear the fiery cloud grew larger and it seemed to be pushing back toward the western end of the object and once it reached its peak (probably about half the diameter of the object) the object seemed to stretch out about twice its original size toward the eastern end of the object thus filling the entire sky in front of me and then in the wink of an eye the western end of the object caught up with the eastern end and it simply disappeared right in front of me. This entire process only took about four or five seconds and the instant the object disappeared so did the billowing fireball cloud. There was no apparent residual evidence that the object was ever there once it disappeared. I was stunned and stood there for several minutes wondering what to do and what had I just seen. I thought about calling the police but because no one else was there to see it with me I didn’t think they would believe me so I didn’t call. I knew I had to report it to somebody so I Googled the words report UFO and that’s how I found the web site for the National UFO Reporting Center.  I didn’t notice any bright lights on the object although that doesn’t mean it didn’t have any because it was a bright sunny clear day and any lights would have been washed out by the bright sunlight and the reflected sunlight off of it’s surface. Also the sun was high in the sky and in no way did it obscure my visibility of the object nor did any reflected sunlight from the object obscure my vision of it in any way. There were no trees or man-made structures obstructing my view. The object made no noise at all during the entire event.  This was absolutely one of the most amazing things I have ever seen in my life and I’ve seen a lot. In my opinion this was not something man made and it was far too big to be a blimp or an airplane. I believe it was not of this Earth. Other than that I have no idea what it was, where it came from or where it went. It absolutely appeared to be under intelligent control and exhibited use of technology far beyond anything known to mankind today unless this is some kind of new top-secret government craft previously unheard of. I seriously doubt that though because it would be almost impossible to hide something from the public of this gigantic physical size if it were a secret government project.  Respectfully submitted,  ((name and address deleted)) Exeter, NH 03833 Source: Seacoast Online        This page has been printed from the following URL: http://www.seacoastonline.com/news/exeter/07262005/news/54621.htm  7-27-2005  UFO sighting in Exeter - again  By Adam Dolge  adolge@seacoastonline.com      EXETER - There was something odd in the sky last week, something that caused a Navy veteran with 10,000 hours of flight experience to have his own close encounter.   The former flight engineer, who wished to be identified only as David, said of the experience, this was like nothing I've ever seen before.  What the retired Navy chief petty officer said he saw last Wednesday could only be classified as a UFO, an unidentified flying object.  It was a bright and sunny afternoon, about 3:15 p.m., and David was outside preparing his lawnmower. He had filled the mower with gas, checked the oil, and took a sip from a glass of water he had poured. When he tilted his head back to get the final sip, through the bottom of the glass he saw a large cigar-shaped object hovering in the sky.  David said windows were equally spaced around the object, however he didn't see anyone or anything inside. The size of the object was enormous. By comparison, he said, consider what an ultralight plane would look like next to a Boeing 747. He said it was about the size of two USS Nimitz aircraft carriers.  At first glance, through his empty glass of water he thought it could have been the Hood blimp.  But, the instant I put my glass down, I said, 'that's not a blimp.'  The object moved from west to east, very slowly for something that size, he said. His initial instinct was that the object was moving at about 100 knots, but something that big shouldn't be able to stay in the air if it's going that slow, he said.  The object began changing colors from a bright silver to an orange-ish red. A strange cloud of red and orange flames began surrounding the object, and before he knew it the object stretched out like a rubber band. It grew to about twice its original size, and then it was gone.  The entire incident lasted about 10 minutes, he recalled Monday morning, but he is unaware of the specific time because, it felt like time stopped.  He went into his house and first thought to call the police. He decided not to because he didn't think they'd take him seriously. So he went on the Internet and searched for report UFO, and found the Web site for the Seattle-based National UFO Reporting Center.  Peter Davenport, director of the UFO reporting center, said David's report was astonishing because of his history with flight. I have no question on his reliability.  He said he gets several accounts each year, but this one stood out. The report was well written and scientific, Davenport said.  In my view, that's one of the cardinal rules of an account, he said.  The center was founded in 1974 by UFO investigator Robert Gribble. The center's Web site, www.nuforc.org, has a large list of UFO sightings.  According to the site, the center's primary function is to receive, record, and to the greatest degree possible, corroborate and document reports from individuals who have witnessed possible UFOs. David's report, which will soon be on the Web site, will be among dozens of documented sightings to be formally reported to the center.  Not the first time  The Exeter area is no stranger to UFO sightings. In 1965, two Exeter police officers and hitchhiker Norman Muscarello, who was with them, gained national attention after seeing a UFO hovering over Route 101 in Kensington. The sighting was documented in a book called The Incident at Exeter.  And then there was the incident involving Barney and Betty Hill, a husband and wife from Portsmouth who claimed to have been abducted by aliens. The couple was driving from a vacation in Canada in 1961 when they saw a UFO.  The object moved directly over their car, and before they knew it they grew drowsy. They later claimed to have been abducted by aliens and gave identical accounts while they were hypnotized.  But for this recent sighting, David said he believes that there is life beyond Earth. He said the galaxy is so enormous, it's hard to believe humans are the only intelligent life.  To the point of not being obnoxious, it'd be egocentric to think there is no other life out there.   This page has been printed from the following URL:  http://www.seacoastonline.com/news/exeter/07262005/news/54621.htm  Copyright 1999 - 2004 Seacoast Newspapers, a division of Ottaway Newspapers Inc., all rights reserved. ((END COPIED ARTICLE)) ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness shortly after his alleged sighting, and we found him to be quite eloquent, objective, and credible.   We express our gratitude to Adam Dolge, a reporter for The Exeter (NH) News-Letter, for his having written the article, and to that newspaper for allowing us to copy the article here.  PD));42.9827;-70.9472
cigar shaped, silver craft;2005-08-02 18:21:00;4 min;cigar shaped, silver craft http://www.seacoastonline.com/news/exeter/07312005/news/55555.htm This picture is exactly what it looked like.  Cigar shaped, silver, with windows through the middle section.  From where I was standing it appeared approximately 6 inches long.   It was going in a diagonal path from left to right.  It didn't make ANY noise.  It didn't have any wings.  It didn't leave a trail.  We saw it for about 4 minutes.   Other accounts have the object changing color, stretching out, or having flames underneath it, but we didn't see any of that.;42.9827;-70.9472
