saw what appeared as very bright star, somewhat orange, yellow which changed in intensity to very bright, from bright. was standing on ;1980-01-10 00:00:00;10min to 2hrs;saw what appeared as very bright star, somewhat orange, yellow which changed in intensity to very bright, from bright. was standing on street, looking across a field to tree line, where object appeared to be just above the tree line. object moved slowly, deliberately, from horizon to over head and made no noise. it was a very quiet winter night, in an isolated area. at this point, i lost track of my friend. object went just over head and stopped. i could feel a static electricity all around me. could see and feel presence of the object about 300ft. over head. it appeared to be slightly wider than the road and i could sense it's mass, which seemed very heavy and dense. i saw the texture of the object to be like a brushed metal with ridges, like (only thing i can think of), corduroy pants. color seemed to be either grey, black, or  rust brown. the glow of light emanating around the object seemed to squew the actual color. the object stopped overhead and i could hear a low humming, that was very similar or the same as what you might hear while standing under high tension wires. just then there was a flash(beam) of white light, like when your eyes are blinded by a camera flash. although the temp. outside was very cold, it was not cold while the object was overhead. i then felt an extreme burning as though i was being bombarded with heat(radiation?) so intense, that i was going to burn alive. i remember thinking that i might die. last i remember, i was calling for my friend and he was some distance off, maybe 50 yards from me. when we returned to the house, which was about 100yards away, the others asked where we had been. they said we had been gone for several hours. it seemed like 10min.. had we been outside for several hours, it seems there was a risk of hypothermia. i seem to have some memory of what happened during the missing time, but i would prefer to recall under hypnosis, than make any assumptions. *i have purposely not read any abduction books, because i don't wish to prejudice my experience, but i feel all alone in my experience and would like to know where and how i could get some support and closure. ps. the incident happened in Exetor NH and i believe there were other reports of people seeing strange lights in the news.;42.9827;-70.9472
I have seen ufo's here late at night over a period of like 9 years. Has anyone else seen ufo's in this area? What is going on here? you;1997-06-02 01:30:00;1/2 hour;Summary : I have seen ufo's here late at night over a period of like 9 years. Has anyone else seen ufo's in this area? What is going on here? yougfemme back in 1990 I was abducted in this area and the back of my ear, the skin was taken off, yet no blood. Then it healed right away.;42.9827;-70.9472
