Large triangle w/ large white circular light near each edge and a smaller circular red light in center and a constant low rumble sound;2011-08-30 23:00:00;20-30 seconds;Large triangle w/ large white circular light near each edge and a smaller circular red light in center and a constant low rumble sound I was smoking a cigarette and saw a large triangle in the sky flying north to south.  It was relatively low in the sky considering the size of the craft. It had a large circular white light near the each tip (so 3 in total) and had a medium to small sized red light in the center.  If I had to guess its size I'd say it was at least 150 to 200 feet across.  It made a sound like thunder, no where near as loud as thunder and it was a constant rumble but thunder is the closest sound I can compare it to. It absolutely was NOT a jet engine nor a propeller engine. My father was in the Air Force, I was born on an air force base and have been to more air shows then I can count.  I am also an avid night fisherman however I have never seen anything like this.  It was in view for only 20 to 30 seconds because of the tree lines on each side of me.  Its speed was slower then I would have thought something that big should have been going without being much louder, at max it was g! oing 100 to 200 mph.  It moved in a perfect straight line and never changed elevation.;42.9827;-70.9472
Triangular craft caught on video.;2015-10-09 20:53:00;3 minutes;Triangular craft caught on video I was outside having a smoke when I noticed a very bright, pulsating light in the sky that did not resemble any aircraft I've ever seen.  It moved quickly across the sky, it's light changing in intensity, from very bright to almost unseeable.  I managed to capture it on video with the camera on my phone.  When it went behind my house I stopped the tape.  I hadn't heard any noises but as soon as I put down the phone I heard what sounded like a quiet plane.  I saw the light in the sky, which had become three separate lights in a triangular form, flying back over my house and was able to start videoing again. I remember feeling afraid but unable to speak, I watched the lights turn from white, to red, to green, purple, back to white again faster than my mind could comprehend.  Once the information was processed, my first instinct was to run inside and alert my husband.  He asked me what I was doing out there for so long, even though the tapes only totaled two and a hal! f minutes.  He told me it had to be a plane, even after watching my videos, and for months I decided to forget about the incident.  I had even posted them to my Facebook and YouTube asking anyone if they knew what kind of aircraft this was.  I was met with no replies, just disinterested silence. I didn't even think about it until I went to the dentist six months later.  There was a metallic object in the root of my molar that had never been brought to my attention on X-rays before.  I made a joke to my dentist about it being an alien implant, but he quickly dismissed me saying it was probably metal from a filling I had as a child, even though I explained to him that my mother made sure I had the non metallic fillings. He didn't seem very concerned, but I was because sometimes that tooth randomly throbs with pain.  I know some would question why it took me so long to formally report what I saw, my answer is I did not know who would even care about it.  I'm not some hoaxster who is capable of using technology to fake this, I'm just a normal, e! veryday person with a family and store clerk job.   The second video of the craft flying over my head is the most amazing, especially when you zoom in on the object, play the tape frame by frame, and apply a filter that really makes its features stand out against the night sky.  I have some screenshots where there appears to be some sort of window. So I will say the same thing I posted with the videos all those months ago, if anyone could tell me what this is, I would really appreciate it! ((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at the video, and the object appears to us to be a jet airliner, climbing after take-off.  We are still communicating with the source.  PD));42.9827;-70.9472
I see a bright white light far ahead in the sky.  At first I thought it was just a plane.  ((anonymous report));2016-08-11 22:30:00;10 minutes;Driving home from work I see a bright white light far ahead in the sky.  At first I thought it was just a plane, but as I approached I realized it was not moving, it was just sitting there.  Eventually, I got close enough to look up and see it clearly because it was directly above the lane that I was driving in.  It was facing west, while I was heading east.   On my left side (it's right side), there was a red light and on my left (it's right) there was a green light.  And the white light that had been visible to me for about ten minutes before I could see it more clearly was almost at the nose of the craft.   After I had driven under it, I kept looking in my rear view mirrors to see if I could see the bright light again but I couldn't see anything after that. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.9827;-70.9472
