Red orbs over Buckley, WA.;2016-07-04 22:00:00;2 hours;Red orbs over Buckley, WA. We had invited a couple over to have dinner and watch the neighborhood fireworks.  At 9:50 we walked down to our lower field so that trees wouldn't block our view.  After a few minutes I noticed an orange orb gliding across the sky.  All of the others noticed it and we watched trying to guess why it was acting odd.  I thought it might be a parachute from a firework that was on fire and drifting towards us.  As it got closer, we realized realized it wasn't on fire, so we thought it might be a drone.  The problem with that was it was starting to move faster towards our upper field and during a lull in the fireworks it was almost over head and there was no noise.  It was approximately 500 to 800 feet high. We ran to the upper field to watch as it went towards Enumclaw, gaining speed.  It had started from the direction of Orting.  Of course, no one thought of using their cell phones to take pictures.  We were standing around trying to guess what it was, when I noticed that another orb coming from the Sumner direction, heading towards Enumclaw again.  It was about 2 minutes after the first orb.  This time one of us thought to use a cell phone to video it.  Again it moved quietly and fast.  At that point I ran into the house and grabbed my iPad since the phone video didn't come out.  The color was consistently a red-orange with no variation in appearance.  There was no clear outline of structure.  The orbs were below the cloud layer and gained altitude as they headed towards Enumclaw.   3 of the 4 of us had been inspectors for Boeing, and one had been an air traffic controller, our facts are accurate.  We stood around for about 5 minutes scanning the sky.  To hell with fireworks!  Ten minutes later another orb appeared coming from the South Prairie area, heading  towards Enumclaw again.  This one was higher than the previous two.  I was able to get a very short video and several pictures as it came closer to us.  Another orb followed following the same path about 2-3 minutes later.  We stood around waiting and watching and finally gave up on seeing more.  About 50 minutes later, the ex controller spotted another orb, this time coming from the Wilkeson area and heading towards Enumclaw again.  This one was even higher, approx 3000 feet.  Another orb followed the same path about 2 minutes later.  By then, everyone was tired and the couple decided to head for home.  As we went inside to gather things up, my husband came and said we wouldn't believe what he saw.  Another orb had followed the last two at a slightly lower altitude.  The orb stopped and split into two orbs and went into the the cloud layer.  The first sightings started  from the Sumner direction, and ended coming from the Wilkeson area.   The locations are almost in a straight line and approx. 10 miles apart.  The closest air field is privately owned Connley Field in Buckley and there was no air traffic.  This was the best 4th we've had in a long time!;47.1489;-122.0717
