triangular  flat shaped object,with lights blinking spantaneously.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Sirius??  PD));2009-03-14 23:30:00;1or more hrs;triangular  flat shaped object,with lights blinking spantaneously blinking,turning sideways only and returning back same position. Traingular shaped flat objectshaky,turningupright at times and rotating back to level flat position but upon movement could see web like streams of white light from center of it forming cirle of lights but covering the triangular shape, bottom area flashing red lights sporatic and spontaneously blinking continuously!hoovering in the same spot this object but other smaller or farther away similar same objects appeared to be just flashing as could not see but only the weblike streams of white lights only and somewhat blurring according to my BONOCULAR. Just looking without bonoculars flashing lights and slight jiggery movement and high in the sky above the large tree like appearance of a star and the others appeared to be on the surface just stars, some blinking or may have all been blinking but could not see those that were far away clearly what they were doing but most of them blinking. After an hour went by the one I observed larger (and assuming closer to me) disappeared when I went back to look again but off to the right and farther away not moving but fixed, the colorful blinking one appeared again. Higher to the right now are two vivid thru the bonoculars facing each other were upright flat facing each other and close to each other blinking those had no colorful lights that I could see? So I moved bonoculars to other starlike figures and ones I could see closer were ALL WEB LIKE WHITE STREAMS OF LIGHT AND FLAT but were blurrier. I've seen this before in the skies ONLY AT NIGHT off my patio. Assumed or wanted to ignore it's presence..denying it being a UFO in my mind then, but now I'm seeing more clearly these objects at least last night. My opinion could be a satelite as one policeman on the scene bet his badge, the other didn't know like me. I will get a police report. Need to share with others to keep myself from thinking im the only one believing this is an unidentified flying object..years ago in the 80's I saw a UFO in Martensdale,Ia. I had witnesses but they denied any existence..so I felt lost knowing what to do next. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Sirius??  PD));41.3143;-93.5880000000001
Two orange glowing triangular planes started flying towards my house. Flew very low and slow. Could only hear a soft purr of an engine.;2020-03-01 11:00:00;4 minutes;Two orange glowing triangular planes started flying towards my house.  Flew very low and slow.  Could only hear a soft purr of an engine.  Had tree lights on each corner and one in the middle.;41.3143;-93.5880000000001
