2 groupings of 3 and 4 bright orange round lights over the ocean horizon off the shore at Kure Beach, NC.;2007-09-26 21:20:00;30 seconds;2 groupings of 3 and 4 bright orange round lights over the ocean horizon off the shore at Kure Beach, NC. My husband and six-year old daughter and I were walking south along  the shoreline at Kure Beach, NC (from the pier) and noticed 4 bright orange spheres in a straight horizontal line in the sky out over the ocean...all in a perfectly straight line. North (NYC north, not stratosphere north) of the 4 spheres were three of the exact same objects also in a perfectly straight line, so that all 7 objects were in a straight line moving at the same speed. The objects appeared for about 15 seconds in the sky, moving towards the shore, then they all disappeared at the same time. Less than a minute later we saw the same objects appear over the ocean again. These lights were in the sky, not in the ocean (i.e., not a ship). The lights appeared about 5 minutes after my daughter saw a meteor over the ocean. I saw the same meteor enter the atmosphere. It was not a meteor. It was unlike anything I have ever seen... shooting stars, planes, military or otherwise.  It was too big and too close. It was something that swooped down into our atmosphere. I didn’t think much about it until I saw the perfectly round orange bright lights a couple of minutes later. These were not airplane lights...they didn’t twinkle. They were simply bright orange illuminated orbs that moved toward the shore in a supersonic glide. Fishermen and beachcombers along the shore also saw the same incident. We asked them, because my husband and I were so incredulous about what we had seen. Everyone we talked to about the incident reported the same sighting...bright orange lights in a straight line, 4 and 3 in two groups. The night sky visibility was excellent...full moon and clear skies. Our background: My husband has five degrees: MBA, masters, PhD, and others. He is from Minnesota. I am a writer with a B.A. in English from Virginia. We have been married for 10 years and have one six-year-old daughter (who witnessed this with us). We have never experienced something like this...and are somewhat embarrassed to be reporting it now!  But we cannot deny what we and so many others witnessed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous provides no contact information.  However, we believe that she is the party who telephone our UFO Hotline.  PD));33.9916;-77.9052
Round dull-orange lights, stationary in the sky, over Kure Beach, NC, coastline night sky;2012-07-25 22:00:00;25 minutes;Round dull-orange lights, stationary in the sky, over Kure Beach, NC, coastline night sky We were in an oceanfront home overlooking Kure Beach N.C. ocean at about 10:00 p.m.  7 of us were sitting on the porch overlooking the dark ocean.  The moonlight wasn't seen in the sky that night and there had been some heat lightening on and off prior to the sighting, but no rain. All of a sudden, there were two large round dull-orange lights in the sky.  As if someone had turned on a flashlight, they just appeared, like that.  They were side by side and large, hanging in the sky, perfectly still/stationary.  They were not blinking, there were no other colors, there was no shape - just a round orb of dull-orange light.  They were shocking to see, they were absolutely too high to be from any ship out there and they were not any flares or any such thing.  They hung there, side by side - they looked like 2 moons, side by side.  They turned on suddenly, hung there perfectly still for about 10-15 seconds, and then, as if someone simply turned out a flashlight, they disappeared.  There were no shapes or any other lights whatsoever around these 2 dull-orange balls of light.  Then, after about about 10 minutes or so, a set of three of the same exact lights, not moving, simply appeared (again - as if someone behind the dark sky turned o! n a flashlight) - and they sat there - stationery, not glittering, just sitting there as if three moons, side by side were in the sky, then turned off - again, they lasted only about 15 seconds or so, then turned off.   Then, after another 15 minutes or so passed, a set of two appeared again.  All three times these sets of lights (2, then 3, then 2) appeared in separate parts of the area we viewed - if they &quotmoved&quot there and turned on, we coudln't see them move whatsoever - they simply &quotturned on&quot then &quotturned out&quot.  We sat and waited for several hours later - and didn't return - we then went to bed. I've seen other reports in Kure Beach (some couple saying they saw lights that resembled what I was talking about on 7/23) - but they were talking about movement and different shapes - that is not what we saw.  They were dull-orange orbs that appeared, and disappeared, 3 times within the space of 25-30 minutes time.  They did not &quotsparkle&quot, or blink or anything else. I asked a man fishing in the surf that night if he saw them (after the last set disappeared) and he said that yes, he'd seen them, had no idea what they were, that &quotit's just weird&quot.  He then told me that he and another person witnessed them 2 weeks prior, in the same spot over the ocean.  He did not elaborate on what time that was (2 weeks prior) or how many sets, etc. - he didn't seem to want to talk about it. All of our family on the porch have been going to Kure Beach to vacation for 30 years - never, ever have we ever witnessed anything like this over the night ocean sky - and it was no ship nor any ship signal, it was not a  craft that we could say, it was simply lights like described, and they didn't move. The other reports I read over the island (Pleasure Island) over the past several years don't exactly describe them as we saw them. We are in awe - and are looking for some sort of logical explanation other than &quotmilitary&quot or alien craft.  We are logical people and feel there must be a natural phenomenom due to a storm or something else - but what we witnessed, as we did, could clearly, if there were alien craft - be exactly that - much to our discomfort.;33.9916;-77.9052
