Craft approached as a star in the night sky - zig zaged extemely fast side to side.  Hovered over ocean,motionless suspended for approx;1998-12-28 22:35:00;5 min;Craft approached as a star in the night sky - zig zaged extemely fast side to side.  Hovered over ocean,motionless suspended for approx.1 min. Low humming - like a transformer then propulsion sound like a jet - moved slowly north towards Wrightsville Beach - I was close and saw details - definetly not of this world reported to Air Natl Guard - they laughed at me. (I would have laughed too, but I'm not laughing now) My business had been hurt by hurricane Fran so I was forced to take a second job at night watching condos on the beach.  The island was basically deserted and I would spend all night just sitting watching the stars and listening to the radio.  I was listening to the Peach Bowl and looked up and noticed a star that looked weird - different.  All of the sudden it began to move violently from side to side and the next thing I know it was about 1/4 mile from the shoreline and about 300 feet in the air.  It looked like a boomerang but it also had hight - somewhat like a cone but not symetrical both ways.  I got out of the truck and went down to the water ( I honestly thought that I had to be hallucinating ).  It hovered there and there was an electical sound like when you turn on the toy train but not enough to make the train move.  I swear this thing didn't move in any direction for about 1 minute.  Then there was a sound like a jet - but not a roar like a jet - more like when the blower goes on from the heater in the house.  It moved slowly northward maintaining its distance from the coast.  It wasn't in a hurry and obviously didn't seem to mind if anyone saw it.  The island was mostly evacuated due to the hurricanes aftermath.  All I can think of is that it was surveying hurricane damage??  There is an Air Natl Guard base directly accross the street from where this happened.  I was so shook up by this that I drove there the next day and reported the incident to the commanding officer.  He told me he believed me, but I think he was just humoring me.  Anyway - I saw what I saw and I will never doubt again other accounts of sightings.  What I saw is absolutely not possible with our technology - either we have some unbelievable technology that we don't know about or I saw something from another world.  By the way .... it was concave on the back.;33.9916;-77.9052
