Strange Orange Lights seen off Carolina and Kure Beaches, North Carolina;2004-06-15 22:00:00;15 minutes (approximate);Strange Orange Lights seen off Carolina and Kure Beaches, North Carolina My wife and some friends were vacationing at a beachfront home in Kure Beach, NC. One night a friend and I were sitting on the front deck, enjoying the cool breeze and our view of the ocean. The sky was fairly clear, with numerous stars and a few thin clouds. Several airplanes (both jet and prop) were visible as we talked. Suddenly we both saw a bright orange ball of light to our left, towards the fishing pier at Carolina Beach. The object appeared to be a considerable distance away, at least several miles off the coast. The object moved in a straight line and was extremely bright. It abruptly lost its brilliance and became a tiny point of light (which was still visible), and then several seconds later it regained its former brilliance before completely fading from sight. As my friend and I discussed what the object could have been, a few minutes later we saw a remarkably similar object (perhaps the same?) to our right - this time it was a little closer, and it behaved in the same manner as the first object. Finally, about five minutes or so later, we again saw a similar object - this time it was almost directly in front of us, higher above the horizon, and it was much closer - I would guess it was a mile or less off of the beach. It appeared to be simply a large, brilliantly lit orange ball of light. The object was in view for only a few seconds before it vanished. We did not see the object(s) at any other time that night. My friend and I considered our options - the objects couldn't have been lights from a ship as they were too far above the horizon. They could not have been fireworks or flares, as we saw nothing go up and the objects moved on a steady flight path - they didn't arc or go down. I have never seen a shooting star behave in such a manner. The objects might have been lights from one or more airplanes, except for the fact that the objects bore no resemblance to the numerous airplanes that we did see at night throughout our trip, and not one of the objects made any sound what! soever. I have considered the possibility that the objects were satellites reflecting the sun, except that we saw three lights in fairly rapid succession (fifteen minutes or less) in different parts of the sky. In short, my friend and I were both stumped, and I admit that on other nights we looked for similar lights, but with no luck. I seriously doubt that we saw something from outer space, but whatever these objects were remains a mystery to us.;33.9916;-77.9052
Group of UFO lights over horizon at Kure Beach, NC;2010-07-23 22:00:00;20 minutes;Group of UFO lights over horizon at Kure Beach, NC On July 23, 2010, Friday night, my husband and I were sitting at Kure Beach, NC, and enjoying the sound of the waves and soft breeze.  I looked over the horizon and noticed a light.  We always carry our binoculars with us every time we go to the beach on Friday nights.  I picked up mine to get a closer look, and lo and behold, there was a group of lights hovering over the ocean.   At first we thought it was probably a cargo ship, but the lights were way too high for a ship.  There were a group of 5 lights one red, three yellowish and one yellowish-white.   All of a sudden the lights began to change shape, from triangle to rectangle and then back to triangle again.  The yellowish-white light was below the others and moving back and forth over the water. None were blinking, just hovering and forming triangle and rectangle shapes.   After a while it drifted north and the lights began to dim and it slowly disappeared.  It lasted for about 20 minutes.  My husband and I h! ave seen several UFOs last year at the same beach, but this was the first one we’ve witnessed this year.;33.9916;-77.9052
2 redish orange lights over the horizon over the ocean.  they kept pretty level, looked like one liht, then two, moving side to side;2011-04-13 20:45:00;15 minutes;2 redish orange lights over the horizon over the ocean.  they kept pretty level, looked like one light, then two, moving side to side, two of us saw them, we are a couple, neither one of us have ever seen lights like this;33.9916;-77.9052
