Triangular Shape with a Reflection of the Stars behind it (cloaked or something);2005-09-11 01:20:00;3 - 4 secs;Triangular Shape with a Reflection of the Stars behind it (cloaked or something) I was sitting on my porch a block from the beach star gazing while smoking nad suddenly an image appeared. No sound. About the size of a hang glider. It appeared as if it was trying to reflect the stars of the sky in the background.   I thought it was a really close pelican or something before I realized it was not and was further up, but not really high. It just kind of emerged down from the sky about the distance of a really low flying helicopter (maybe 100 - 150 feet in the air.) It went a short distance (about 5 - 10 feet of view in the sky) then vanished as it drew closer to the street lights. I stood up to see, but it vanished. It appeared triangular in shape with some dim lights on each corner.  It appeared to being trying to cloak itself with a reflection of the stars behind. Which was warped slightly.  Could see the warped view of the behind view around the edges. Glided silently. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));33.9916;-77.9052
Bright Orange lights over Kure Beach North Carolina;2009-08-28 22:00:00;5 Minutes;Bright Orange lights over Kure Beach North Carolina I saw an orange light appear over the ocean straight out of our three story condo aimed straight at us.  The distance could have been between 20 miles to 100 miles away with the distance above the ocean from 1/2 mile to 2.5 miles above.   It was extremely bright with the reflection on the ocean right up to our beach 100 feet away.  It was not moving and there was no noise.  A second light exactly the same appeared right next to it and both faded away after 10 seconds.   I yelled to my wife to come and see this but by the time she came they were gone.  So I grabbed my camera and went back on the deck and flashed it in the same direction.  Within two seconds one of the lights turned back on in the exact same spot aimed right at us and my wife got a good look at it.   I then took a picture of it while it was fading away and got a good photo of it.  WOW!! when the photo was pulled up their were three orbs in a triangle with the middle being the only one I could see.   When it was all gone I took a couple more photos trying to provoke them but no response.   I have never seen anything that weird before and wish I had video instead of a picture. Thanks!!;33.9916;-77.9052
