Looked out window saw 3 lights in a triangle shape, then disappeared.;2015-10-27 20:00:00;2 minutes;Looked out window saw 3 lights in a triangle shape, then disappeared, We saw the UFO when we looked out the window as soon as we saw it a flash of light  occurred then it was gone we watched some more to see if it would return, but nothing happened. Please read this and don't  discard it I   Swear Its not fake .;44.2808;-84.2249
unidentified objects in the Michigan skys.;2018-07-11 23:00:00;40 minutes;unidentified objects in the Michigan skys. My Girlfriend and I went and rented a cabin on Clear Lake, at approx 11:00pm Sunday night I took my Girlfriend out on the boat in the middle of clear lake.  Once we made it to the middle of the lake we hear what sounded like a mass about of birds on a near by island.  On the lake at this time there was it was so quiet I could hear everything and the sky was crystal clear.  About that time, I had noticed a red orb in the far distance just sitting there.  A few minutes later we had noticed 2 red orbs that started to move across the sky slowly, then all of the sudden they shot aross the sky and hovered.  Next, these objects would shoot straight up at incredible speeds and on angles I have never seen before.  At that time one of the objects disappreard.   The remaining object then started to move twards me and my girlfriend.  This object then came direcly over the top of the boat.  There was no noise what so ever, and the object had 3 lights 2 red and one green.  It wa! s more in a bomerang shape.  Once it was over us it shot to a different part of the sky where a giant orange orb showed up the the sky. This red/green object moved twards this new orange object.  At this same time 2 giant white objects appreard close to the orange obj. the seems to get very bright and then went out.  All this lasted for over 40 min.  I am prior Airforce, and I can tell you this was no drone, plane, or anything I have ever seen in my life.  The way that the green/red obj was moving across the sky was just incredible.  Just wanted to share my story!;44.2808;-84.2249
