while driving through the mountains of northern union county, saw a triangle.;2007-02-22 01:00:00;15 minutes;while driving through the mountains of northern union county, saw a triangle. While i'm not entirely positive of the date of this sighting, it was winter, and after the new year. In any case, a friend and i were waiting to for some other friends, and decided to make the 5 or so mile drive from berkeley heights, to summit. For the first couple minutes, it was a normal uneventful drive. That would soon change.  I was driving the car and noticed an enormous object fly overhead, at first i assumed it was a plane, but without any accompanying noise, i was forced to take a second look. At this point, i pointed up. My friend looked out the window and saw what i was pointing at. It was a craft, flying a few hundred feet up with 3 lights, and a triangular shape. The color of the lights was indiscriminate as it changed often. The object also appeared to be moving north east towards New york city. Just as we came to the realization of what we were looking at, the object seemed to disappear. (as if it knew we were observing)  At which point we noticed a new object (possibly the same object), starlike in appearance , which had appeared near where the other object seemed to disappear. We stayed fixed on it, as it was now moving easterly back towards us, from a position seemingly off the coast, but near the city. All of a sudden the object jumped literally from one end of the horizon to the other instantaneously (east to west). It hovered in this new position for about 2 minutes and then proceeded to jump straight up and disappear..  Needless to say my friend and I had no doubt as to what we had seen. Our only question was as to its origin. I've always been interested in UFO phenomena and spent many a night as a child peering up hoping to catch a glimpse. Ive seen things that are suspect, but could easily be ruled out as being something entirely explainable by the right expert. This was entirely different however, there was no question that this was not any aircraft i had ever seen, or any easily explainable natural phenomena. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));40.7158;-74.359
