I can describe it, but I still don't know what it was:  alien probe, military, possible living organism.;2010-05-19 01:00:00;15 minutes;I can describe it, but I still don't know what it was:  alien probe, military, possible living organism. Encounter on a Lonely Desert Road By ((name deleted))   The beams of my headlights seemed to be chasing elusive shadows cast against the desert sage as I drove through the dark moonless night towards Congress, Arizona.  Retired now, a gold prospector with the time to fulfill my quest for the big nugget, my thoughts then were of gold and only gold…that was about to change.  Just about midnight and just South of the middle of nowhere, I had stopped and pulled off the road to relieve myself and take a break from driving, and it was at this moment that I first saw what I thought to be a helicopter with a bright searchlight circling the area southwest of me.  Having served with the U.S.A.F., I have seen many types of aircraft, but this was something I had never seen before. It was a red light intermittently beaming a brilliant, focused white light down to the ground as if to be looking for someone or something, and I thought what or who would be way out there, and why there were no strobe I.D. lights on the helicopter.  I didn’t ! give it much more thought and got back in the car and grabbed a cigarette, lit up and gazed back towards the southwest. The chopper was now circling closer to me and although my window was down, there was no noise…and I thought that was really strange.  Suddenly, what I thought was a helicopter flying at 500 feet was much smaller and much closer in fact, it was now just on the other side of the road and was about 10 feet off the ground, hovering. I flicked the cigarette out the window.  I rubbed my eyes in disbelief. Am I hallucinating? “What the ____ is that?” My heart beating fast and my mind spinning, I watched as the object as it moved through the sparse vegetation, stopping now and then to illuminate the ground beneath with its powerful beam of white light, and then it appeared to morph into two tiny red lights, like twin LED’s (light emitting diodes) and started to cross the road towards me.  Now as it approached my car, it suddenly morphed back into its former shape:  a spherical orb about the size of a softball, bright red (DOT emergency red, like a tail-light).  Was this military?  Is this a living organism? Perhaps an alien probe?  It was now six feet in front of my car, four feet off the ground, just hovering. What the ____is this thing???  Somehow, I don’t think it’s military…no stars, insignia or guns…(chuckle) I noticed that although the red light emitted from this thing was very bright to my eyes, it wasn’t casting shadows and did not reflect from the surrounding bushes or from the polished surface of my hood.  I could see the surface of this thing seemed to be fluid-   like, and composed of what appeared to be millions of tiny dots of light swirling around very fast and was very hard for my eyes to focus on it.  The perimeter seemed to fuzz out at the edges, like an aura or halo.  The light seemed to be luminous rather than projected, and was not radiating any heat that I could feel. It’s amazing what goes through your head when confronted with an un-known like this… a memory of Dr. XXXXXXXX of  S.E.T.I. explaining that most UFO sightings are mostly swamp gas or weather balloons…Hey Doc!  Here’s one that will fit right up your telescope! At this moment, I was toying with the idea of getting out of my car to approach the orb and try to communicate with it. Suddenly, the orb started to move a little closer to me, and my curiosity was overcome by fear… I felt panic consume me and simultaneously engaged the engine and hit the lights.  The orb reacted by backing away slightly.  Illuminated by my headlights, I could plainly see that there were no mechanical parts or structure. I slammed the gearshift into drive, and floored it.  I wanted to put as much distance between that thing and me as fast as possible.  I warily glanced in the rear-view mirror and was horrified to realize that it was pursuing me down the road at 90 mph. I grabbed my cell phone and hurriedly called 911.  NO SERVICE.  I started laughing out loud.  Who the hell would believe me if I reported being chased by a hovering, glowing red softball?  They would think I was drunk or stoned out of mind! The little town of Congress had already rolled up the sidewalks and turned off the lights, and not a soul stirring…well, it was 1:00 a.m. Arizona time.  I decided to park in a vacant lot near the Fire Station right off the main highway. For the next two or three hours, I watched odd lights moving through the dark moonless night.  I found that my eyesight had been affected by looking at the orb, and I could not focus on any bright light source. Whatever I tried looking at seemed to move away into periphery. Needless to say, I stayed parked there and tried my best to go to sleep and forget about what I had seen. Later, when I arrived home in California a couple of days later, I also noticed that my eyesight had not only been temporarily affected, but it had improved to some extent, and now can read small print without the use of my reading glasses. I have shared this story with a few friends, but I notice that their eyes glaze over and I realize that they don’t believe what I saw.  If someone told me this story, I don’t think that I would believe it myself.  All said, I swear that this report is absolutely true and accurate to the best of my knowledge. CONCISE REPORT:    DATE:  May 19, 2010  LOCATION:  3 miles West of Congress, Arizona   34N09’06.16   112W52’50.13 TIME:  approximately 0100hrs  CONDITIONS:  Very dark, clear sky, stars visible, no clouds, wind 0-5mph  TEMPERATURE:  67 degrees f. UFO SHAPE:  Perfect sphere, Orb, approx. 4-6 inches in diameter  UFO COLOR:  Bright red  (DOT emergency red)  DISTANCE AT FIRST SIGHT:  approximately ½ mile to the Southwest @ 30 degrees  ELEVATION AT FIRST SIGHT:  approximately 500 feet above the ground. PROXIMITY: (closeness) 6 feet 	  ORIGIN:  unknown  PURPOSE:  seemingly searching for something, curious  COMPOSITION:  Plasma, pure light, ability to transform itself, ??? MODE OF FLIGHT:  unknown;34.1764;-112.768
