On a clear sunny day we observed a round black-appearing stationary disk near a cloud overhead for five minutes when it accelerated;1975-07-20 12:00:00;15 minutes;On a clear sunny day we observed a round black-appearing stationary disk near a cloud overhead for five minutes when it accelerated We were 18 years old at the time and were riding our bicycles on Mendon St. in Blackstone, Massachusetts on a beautiful, clear, sunny day with a few clouds when I happened to look up and see a round disk that appeared to be black in color just staying in one spot near a cloud overhead at about the 11 o'clock position as we were facing west.  We got off our bikes and watched the object for about five minutes in its stationary position. It made no noise of any kind. It then,literally, accelerated at tremendous speed to a point 45 degrees to the west and below the treeline about five miles away. The point where we were standing was atop a hill above the surrounding area. Within another second or so it began rising above the treeline to the northwest. After a few seconds of rising above the treeline to a point about 45 degrees in declination, it began quickly accelerating  up and down and side to side in 180 degree reversals of direction while wobbling. It remained black in color throughout this 10 minute period from the start of our observation, again making no noise and was now positioned about five to seven miles distant.  It also appeared to have a slight atmospheric disturbance around its immediate periphery. I could not believe what this object was doing in terms of its erratic movements, apparently without being affected by the force of gravity. If it were, all on board would have been crushed to death due to their own inertia.  The object then came toward us and again was almost directly overhead at the one o'clock position facing Nortwest but very low perhaps no nore than a few thousand feet. It was highly polished, appearing black because it appeared to be reflecting light. It tilted downward towards us and I could then see the shiny metallic-chrome looking surface with an elevated central section, about one-third the diameter of the craft. It then righted itself and slowly moved away back over the treeline to the west where it had disappeared over the treeline the first time.  I have seen weather balloons, aircraft of all types and even the SR-71 Blackbird at several hundred feet of altitude in 1965 when it was still top-secret. I could see the pilots with their spacehelmets on throught the cockpit windows and the red pin stripes that surrounded the fuselage.I did not find out what it was until 1975 when I saw it in an Air Force recruiting station. I have seen videos of UFO's that looked and acted exactly like the one I saw on television, and have downloaded pictures online several years ago of the object that I saw as photographed by others all over the world. Those pictures show the same black-appearing underside that I saw when looking up at the craft, and also the shiny metallic chrome-like upper surface when obseving the craft at an angle from the side.  I am convinced that the black on the underside only appears black because it reflects light, and at certain angles, much like a mirror can appear to be black to an outside observer.  I am a science teacher and an amateur astronomer with an 18 Obsession telescope with Binovision. I am thoroughly versed in astronomy and the sciences and I can tell you unequivocally that this craft was definitely not of this world. A few years ago I downloaded a picture taken by someone in Switzerland in 1975,the same year as my observation, and I have e-mailed it to you using your hyperlink. I hope this is helpful. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));42.0261;-71.5294
