Pulsing light over the Gulf of Mexico changing color, frequency, and intensity moved in an erratic pattern across the clear sky.  The m;1999-01-09 21:00:00;6 minutes;Pulsing light over the Gulf of Mexico changing color, frequency, and intensity moved in an erratic pattern across the clear sky.  The motion stopped for a few moments as the object hovered and glowed dimly pink and then accelerted at an astonishing rate. I stood on the beach with my wife watching the stars and occasional planes and helicopters move across the sky over the western Florida coastline and the Gulf of Mexico.  I saw a distant object, approximately 40-50 miles away pulsing from bright white to red to blue randomly and exclusively.  I pointed the object out to my wife, who then pointed it out to another couple walking on the beach.  From my perspective, the object first appeared due west of my location and was moving toward the coast south of me.  Over the next few minutes the object's flight path looked like the pattern of angles that can be found on the side of a car key.  The object occasionally doubled back and retraced its steps.  When the object was directly south of me (possibly just west of Ft.Myers over the Gulf) it hovered in place for a few moments at what looked like about 20,000 feet, held a red color that slowly faded to a dim pink, and then accelerated faster than anything I've ever seen.  It took the object approximately 350 milliseconds to move from its hovering perch about 15 degrees above the southern sky through a path directly over my head toward the north until it faded away.  From my perspective, the acceleration path was a straight line that went between Orion and the Seven Sisters, fading in the vicinity of Polaris.  I witnessed a similar event the next night at midnight.  The only other time in my life I saw anything remotely similar to this was in late April, 1996 in Eureka Springs, Arkansas.  The 1996 event was also witnessed by a truck driver traveling I-70 between St. Louis and Kansas City.  Perhaps at some point I'll take the time to write a summary of this one as well.  These are the only unexplainable aerospace events I have ever witnessed.;27.4109;-82.6613
A staggered line of at least 40 lights was seen traveling along the Gulf Coast from north to south over Longboat Key, FL. 10/23/11 10pm;2011-10-23 22:00:00;> 10 minutes;A staggered line of at least 40 lights was seen traveling along the Gulf Coast from north to south over Longboat Key, FL. 10/23/11 10pm At around 10pm on Sunday, October 23rd, 2011 I went out onto my north-facing 5th floor balcony on Longboat Key, FL (a barrier island near Sarasota) and noticed a long staggered line of lights high in the sky traveling from north to south paralleling the gulf coast.  The light were extremely bright and were visible for at least the 10 minutes that I was outside.  The lights were staggered both horizontally and vertically.  They did not appear to make any sudden movements, they just traveled from north to south. The number of lights visible during the time I was outside exceeded 40.  As they passed overhead the lights were no longer visible, which made me think that they were possibly aircraft or helicopter forward-facing-type landing lights.  However, there was no sound at all coming from any of the craft.  I can see (and hear) aircraft landing at the Sarasota Airport across the bay all the time, so surely the airport spotted these on radar. I used my basic digital camera's video recorder to record @ 5 minutes of the flyover, however the quality is quite grainy and the file size is @ 418mb, which makes the clip too large to email.  I have made shorter clips of 17mb and 58mb from the original as well.  I could forward a copy of the entire 5 minute clip on CD if requested.;27.4109;-82.6613
