I was driving back to Memphis when I seen a light out of the top of my windsheild, that zoomed past  and disappeared. It was pitch blac;2013-08-03 22:00:00;8-10 seconds;I was driving back to Memphis when I seen a light out of the top of my windsheild, that zoomed past  and disappeared.  It was pitch black outside. I noticed the light appear to be a golden color.  My wife asked Did you see that?  around time time I noticed the object zoom past an disappear. My wife said that the light was yellow and flew like a bird would in the sky and made several wobbly circular motions. She observed the object for several moments before I saw it.;33.7731;-89.8079
Star-like light keeps appearing a disappearing at sunset.  ((;2013-09-01 19:19:00;10 minutes;&quotStar-like&quot light keeps appearing a disappearing at sunset. Me and my girlfriend keep seeing lights in the sky around the same time of day.  Her cousin was with us one time before and saw the lights too, so he believes us now.  Nobody I tell will believe me.  They all think I'm seeing things, but how could we all be thinking we see the same thing?  Our latest sighting of the light was September 1, 2013 at 7:19 (19:19).  The sunset on that day was said to occur at 7:27, so the sun was still up pretty good. The sky was still very well lit and blue, so no stars were out yet. If any stars were out, they would've been in the eastern sky since the sun was setting in the west.  We were driving into Grenada on highway 8 west when I was looking at the sunset and I noticed what appeared to be a star up above the sunset in the middle of the bright blue sky.  This is exactly how it looked the first time I saw it, so I instantly knew what it was.  I quickly tell my girlfriend to record a video with her phone and point out to her where it is.  As I'm pointing, the light does what it has done every other time we've seen it.  The best way I can explain what happens is imagine a normal looking star, just in the middle if the day.  As we are looking at the light, it fades out of sight.  Then, about 10 seconds later, it comes back into view!   About 30 seconds after that, it fades out again and this time it stayed gone. We kept looking and didn't see it again until about 5 minutes later when we were in Grenada still looking for it. We have seen this light about 3 different times now and nobody will believe us.  After we see it every time, I feel like I need to tell somebody about it. I don't care how crazy people think we are or if people think we are making it up, I know what I saw, I know other people with me have seen it, and there is something going on above Grenada. Now, to denounce any skeptical ideas anyone may have. I promise I've heard plenty. It wasn't a flashing light from a cellphone tower or any other tower.  This light wasn't hovering above the ground. It was in the sky.  I'm talking miles in the sky.  Higher than a plane. If you can find a tower 5 miles high, show me.  It wasn't a plane light flashing. It was still daylight outside so I wouldn't have seen the lights that easily. I have considered it being the sunlight reflecting off a plane or jet, but it's still just way too high for any of our aircraft. It looks exactly like a star, it just fades in and out randomly. Not on a set amount of time or anything. It could be visible for 5 minutes and then fade out or it could be there for 10 seconds and then fade out. It's random. I just think its very strange to keep seeing this thing and nobody else notices. I want to know what it is.;33.7731;-89.8079
