My daughter and I were driving down a rural road on the way home at about 7:35 p.m. on August 8th, 2000.  She looked up at the moon whi;2000-08-08 19:35:00;2 minutes;My daughter and I were driving down a rural road on the way home at about 7:35 p.m. on August 8th, 2000.  She looked up at the moon which was 2/3rd full that evening when she spotted some kind of aircraft that was hovering around the moon.  She asked me what it was.  When I looked up I and saw that it was something very unusual, I stopped the car in the first driveway we came to, to get a better look.  I happened to have my camera with us and was able to get two pictures of the object which was a saucer type shape with a dome on top with a SLR 35 mm camera with a 28 to 70 zoom lens zoomed to 70.  It looked like it has windows in the dome with lights and the craft was silver.  I got one picture while it was hovering and by the time I wound the film for the next shot, it had moved at a high speed closer and to the right (that's when I got the next shot).  Before I could advance the film again, I watched the craft speed off and suddenly it disappeared.  I never took my eyes off the object from the time we first spotted it until the time it disappeared.  My daughter witnessed all this as well and we both have 20-20 vision.  There was no sound or jet stream of any kind.;43.7095;-121.5145
Crafts seen in Oregon~No question U.F.O's;2009-12-29 21:00:00;7 minutes;Crafts seen in Oregon~No question U.F.O's Was outside, walking dogs like I do every night ~ I am an avid Star-gazer (just for fun) and started to see something looking as though as if it were falling from the sky....I kept watching and noticed that there were a couple more of them, at first I thought they were meteors falling...but then they changed direction....I ran inside and grabbed my son who was in the living room.....by the time we had gotten back outside they had moved instead of going directly West to traveling Southwest.  My son counted and He came up with the number of Four crafts too.  They were disc shaped...and traveling like a group of geese do..in a V grouping.  What made it a little scary is that we then saw two fighter jets, (or military air planes) going towards the four U.F.O.'s....but then slowed up almost once they realized that the objects were above them...(and that is how we realized also how actually close they were to earth's surface is by the jets ratio to the ground an! d where they were in perspective~it went Stars..crafts...Military planes...ground/us))  They (the military jets) then too changed their direction almost like they didn't know what to do....The whole incident couldn't have lasted more than 7-10 minutes, we both came inside after they all moved further away ot of site from where we couldn't  see any longer... We came inside talked it over, almost in shock like did we just see what we thought we saw?~~it was one of those moments that we won't ever forget.  That is how I came to your site, wondering if anyone saw or heard anything in the sky at that time...to see what , if anyone knows, it was.  I have replayed this moment in my mind...and there is NO other explanation other than it had to be a U.F.O.;43.7095;-121.5145
