Large sphere-shaped solid lights on side of craft.;2019-06-27 20:00:00;5 minutes;large sphere shaped solid lights on side of craft. Witness 1:  About 8:30 p.m. eastern time, I observed a number of objects moving across the sky.  Each object looked like it didn’t have wings and solid red lights on the side and some had solid white lights on the side.  The objects moved across the sky one at a time and it lasted about five minutes.  There were approximately twelve of them, one at a time. Witness 2:  At about 8:15 p.m. eastern time, I observed a silver color object moving across the sky, until I couldn’t see it anymore because it went behind the trees.  I stayed looking into the sky and saw the same object again from where I first had spotted it as if it went backwards.  About 15 minutes after I saw the first object I saw approximately twelve after that but they looked different.  They had solid red lights on the side and some with solid white lights.  They appeared one at a time and the timing between each one seemed to be the same length in time. Witness 3:  At 8:15 eastern time, I was sitting outside with my mom.  I all of a sudden looked at the sky as a flat silver colored object was moving across the sky.  I then pulled out my phone and began taking pictures of the object I was seeing.  This object was flying left in the sky.  I didn’t see it for two seconds and this same silver object now flying left in the sky as if it turned around and started going right.  We then called down my grandfather  and started showing him what we were seeing.  This object had no lights and just looked like a disc.  The pictures we took weren’t coming out well since I was capturing these pictures on my iphone.  All of a sudden several different objects were flying out one after another in the matter of 30 seconds.  They all looked different though, as in different colors around. Some with red solid lights that were not blinking.  And some with solid white lights that were not blinking.  There were at least twelve in total, two of them that were flying in the sky were in sync and were flying above each other.;41.674;-73.0075
