At about 1:05 PM (clear skies) driving up a hill I saw a metallic grey craft in the sky, travelling dangerously low, moving very slowly;2006-12-13 13:05:00;30-45 seconds;At about 1:05 PM (clear skies) driving up a hill I saw a metallic grey craft in the sky, travelling dangerously low, moving very slowly I saw a grey metallic object in the sky, different from any metal I've previously seen.  There was a sort of dull sheen to it.  It resembled a small airliner, in fact at first I thought that's what it was.  It caught my attention as I drove up a small hill, it was far too low in the sky and travelling very slowly, almost hovering above an urban space.  I feared it would crash.  The craft is a stream-lined oval shape from the side viewed it from. The front was pointed, not a sharp point, but slightly rounded.(I assume it was the front from the direction it was traveling). I don't esactly recall what the back looked like, although I think it was similar to the front - there was no tail.  The wings were not the usual shape of a plane, they were a sort of semi-circular shape, they were short and wide and close to the craft. There was no other colour or letters on the craft, no windows, no lights and no noise.  I tried to keep it in my vision, but couldn't contstantly watch the sky as I was driving, the craft was moving (though very slowly) and my view quickly became obstructed by trees.  I feared when I reached the corner at the top of the hill (about 1/2 a block)it would have crashed, as no plane could fly so low or slowly and stay in the sky.  However when I got to the corner it was gone and there was no crash.  This all happened within seconds and it took a few seconds to realize that this was not a usual aircraft.  I was quite shaken by the experience and kept watching the sky, wanting to see it again - to know what it was.  I called the local air control center and was told there was no aircraft in the area at the time I saw the craft other than a small plane doing flying practice and a helicopter - both were several miles away from the location I saw the craft.;50.0272254237289;-125.590084745763
