Object, low in southwestern sky moves up and to the  west and begins flashing multicolored lights, appears to be rotating.;2008-08-02 00:30:00;1 hour;Object, low in southwestern sky moves up and to the  west and begins flashing multicolored lights, appears to be rotating. On August 2nd 2008, I was visiting my parents in Shellbrook, Saskatchewan for the weekend. It was after midnight and I went out onto the front step of the house for a cigarette before I went to bed. (The front step faces almost directly west with a clear line of sight due to base ball diamonds adjacent to my parents acreage.) While I smoked, I looked up into the clear, cloudless sky and I was amazed at how I could see so many stars. As I was scanning the South western part of the sky I saw a small object quite low, slightly above the horizon (it looked like a star) begin to move toward the west on a roughly 45 degree angle and it continued to move until it was almost directly west of my location on the stoop (this took just seconds)but high enough in the sky that I had to slightly tilt my head back. At this point the movement stopped and many bright colored lights, red, blue, green, yellow, purple, started to flash, as if the object was rotating. The colored flashes were intense and each color was distinguishable. I took out a small set of binoculars and I was able to get a slightly better view of the colored lights, I still could not exactly determine what it was, but it was definitely spinning at a crazy speed. There is a large radio antenna about a mile west of my parents home, and from my vantage point on the step this object was at least 4-5 times higher than the height of the tower, so this gave me some perspective, It must have been quite far away. I went inside and found my sixteen year old niece and asked her to come take a look, she came outside and ran back in the house after seeing the lights. I then I went inside and asked  my mother to get out of bed to take a look at this strange flashing object. She and I stood and watched it hover at the same location for several minutes. She went back to bed and I stayed outside for 15 to 20 more minutes and watched the amazing light show.;53.2179;-106.404
