Triangular craft hovering over Quincy, Fl;2009-10-15 20:30:00;~6 mins;Triangular craft hovering over Quincy, Fl I was riding with my best friend since birth, driving after football practice.  Driving down Highway 90, approaching Quincy, there is a stretch where the road becomes quite straight apart from the hills.  My friend turns to me and asks,Hey..dude..What's that? and points to an object in the sky with a couple lights on it.  Unconcerned, I say,It's a plane.. He says,Nah dude, that's not a plane..It's not moving, look.  I observe the light and notice that it truly is not moving.  The lights are directly in front of us, so we are getting closer and closer, and the lights remain in the same spot.   We eventually pass almost directly underneath the object. It looked like nothing that either of us had ever seen before, and we could not identify its origin, or understand how it was able to stay in the air.   We are able to distinguish a triangular craft, about 150 ft in the air.  There were three red lights, one on each corner of the underside of the craft, and a flashing white light in the center.  It appears to be between 18-25 ft long, 10-15 ft wide, and maybe 8 feet tall at the rear.  What I assume was the front was pointed, and the craft grew wider and taller towards the rear, which had a fairly flat and dark side.  There are no visible means of propulsion.  We slow down to about 30mph and I roll down my window to look up at it, attempting to capture a picture on my phone, but was unsuccessful due to the darkness.  The object was making no audible noise, and was just sitting there, hovering above the house where a mentally challenged boy lives.  After we passed under the craft, it started to slowly move south, away from the house and highway.  It was out of sight shortly after. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));30.5916923076923;-84.6068692307692
