I wish I had known about this reproting system sooner, so that the explanation I am about to give would be fresher in my mind. Neverthe;2002-09-15 15:27:00;2 min.;I wish I had known about this reporting system sooner, so that the explanation I am about to give would be fresher in my mind. Nevertheless, I remember it well enough its not exactly something I will ever forget.....  It was a bright, sunny, beautiful day, not a cloud in the sky. I was in the car in the back seat, on the right side. Several people were in the car with me, we were driving down the street, maybe 40 or 45 mph. I looked up and suddendly saw a small, round, metallic object hovering silently above the tree line. It didn't seem like it was more than 500 ft in the air. The UFO was reflecting the sun violently, the top of it was very bright. There was no jet streak. Also, it might have been spinning, but it was difficult to tell. The really interesting part is the fact that I had no urge to tell the other people in the car. For some reason I got this weird sense of calmness, like I somehow knew that the beings on board meant me no harm. So I just stared at this thing for maybe a minute or two, trying to figure it out as it contunued to hover in the air. I was also in the process of reading a book about UFO conspiracy, so the experience was especially surreal, since it was on my mind. The most outstanding part of the experience was when it left. When it departed, it did so in a path that was directly away from me, moving in a staight line. So, from my perspective, it appeared to get smaller and smaller, at a very high rate of speed. Very very high rate of speed. The craft literally blasted off into the atmosphere and out into space in a matter of seconds, and still, making no noise at all. It still left me with that state of calmness, and I hesitated to tell the others who were in the car. I still havn't told them, they probably won't believe me. I honestly believe that the beings on the craft knew that I saw them, and somehow made a telepathic connection with my subconcious mind, which calmed me, preventing me from feeling scared. The fact that it went away DIRECTLY from my point of view, in a staight line, I feel, supports this, since the chances of that happening coincidentally are very slim. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.696;-77.1995
