Very Bright White light w/several smaller red, blue lights. Seen several nights for over an hour each time;2009-01-31 21:00:00;1 hour +;Very Bright White light w/several smaller red, blue lights. Seen several nights for over an hour each time I walked outside and saw a very bright light in the western sky about 9pm.  At first I thought it was an airplane.  The light appeared to be moving slowly, like an airplane.  I stopped to watch it.  Then I noticed the light was stationary.  We live on a large 2,000+ acre Lake.  The light was across the lake from us and over land.  I am guessing it was  10 miles from me.   The light appeared stationary.  At first, I thought it was moving, I stopped to watch it.  The light was about the height a low flying  airplane would be flying at. As I watched it, it appeared to be getting larger and brighter.  I then thought it must be an airplane heading  straight toward me.  However, as I watched it, it seemed to be hovering and moving very little. I watched it 15 minutes.  It was a very bright white light.  There seemed to be smaller red and blue lights near the bright white light.   The lights seemed to be sort of twinkling.  There was some kind of form of a shadow structure where the lights were, but I could not determine any shape.  It was too far away from me.  It was not directly overhead, it was in the western sky. It was cold outside, so I did not want to stay outside. I walked back inside and told my husband there is an UFO outside. He replied You mean that bright white light?  It has been out there for several nights this week.  I could not believe he did not mention it to me before. My husband went outside and said that is the same light that I have been seeing all week.  He goes outside at night more than I do. I was busy cooking at the time.  I went back outside an hour later, and the light was still there.  The light seemed to have dropped a little lower to the horizen, and it was not as bright as it had been.  I did not stay outside because it was cold.  I did go back outside a couple of hours later, and it was gone. I was not sure how to photograph it in the dark when it was so far away. I have a feeling the light may be back out there tomorrow night.  I will look for it and try to watch what it does.;29.9498625;-82.1279625
