10:51pm 07/05/08 extremely fast and went well above and beyond normal air traffic that was flying at the same time my fiance had quit s;2008-07-05 22:51:00;5-6 secondes;10:51pm 07/05/08 extremely fast and went well above and beyond normal air traffic that was flying at the same time my fiance had quit smoking and i went outside to smoke and that is when i saw a craft shoot up and over typical air traffic i was able to see a reflecton from the sun on the structure and i used my house as a land mark and stars and air traffic until i lost visual i wanted to wake my fiance but it was moving to fast and knew she would not make it soon enough to see it. this is the second amazing sighting the last time in ft.lee virgina 1980 jan.on guard duty and this was very close and it was so large it made trees look like tooth picks wow truely amazing for me . ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.4466;-116.9169
Weird unidentified object  in small desert community near a US Military Base in California.;2015-03-06 22:00:00;2;Weird unidentified object  in small desert community near a US Military Base in California Lucerne Valley is a small desert community.  One night our dog wanted to go outside so we took it outside and we noticed this bright light toward the north east that had many different colors to it, like rainbow colors.  This object started moving toward southwest which would be heading toward our direction and it moved really fast then it abruptly stopped in the sky very fast. It continued having a lot of like rainbow colors which was kind of interesting. After about another minute or two this object flew very fast toward the north east and then just disappeared in under 1 second. Probably about 20 seconds later we could see helicopters flying over toward where we seen this object and to us all we could see was the lights from the helicopters and they flew around there for about 1 minute I'd say and then they left. I really don't think it was a plane, helicopter or a drone because of how this object moved really fast and abruptly stopped while the whole time flashing these really bright different rainbow type colors. I truly couldn't make out the shape because how high up it was and all the different colors. It could be possible it was some government testing because there's a huge military base not so far away called  Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.4466;-116.9169
