My family and neighbors were watching an orange light fly across the sky every time a firework would explode.;2012-07-04 23:00:00;5 minutes;My family and neighbors were watching an orange light fly across the sky every time a firework would explode.  This light would move from one area of sky to another in split seconds.  We all watched this light together until it started to follow an airplane. Family and friends were getting nervous and packed their chairs to go inside.  I remained outside, captivated by the experience and my own curiosity.  I remember feeling the desire to fly as fast as that light had zipped across the sky.  I turned to go inside when I felt my hair stand on end.  I looked up and the a dark black oval shaped craft was floating stationary just above the top of the trees and house. The craft slowly started to move to the west. I appeared to be alone and the craft too dark to  see on my phones camera.  I ran to the back yard and jumped onto the cement wall at the back of the property seperating the yard from the city's cemetary.  The craft still overhead and slowly moving. The craft appeared to be approx distance from the house to cement wall, the distance of two planted trees from end to end or approx 15ft.  It moved into the light shining on the American flag and again, remained stationary approximate height of the flag pole on an axis with the front end slightly higher than the back.  The craft moved so slowly at this point, adjusting the nose a little higher and pointing to the south eastern sky.  Its color was profoundly dark black.  No windows. smooth surface.  It was oval and no more than 10ft at its center tallest point.  Tapered from end to end. The craft paused, onced oriented and positioned pointed to the south eastern sky.  The tree's bent slightly towards it. like a soft breeze but the feeling in the air changed.  The craft moved slightly backwards then slingshot forwards at warping speeds.  I felt slightly nauseated and adrenaline surged through my veins. I remember the encounter and ponder it often at the risk of being called crazy.;40.1636;-111.5998
