((HOAX??))  Intermittent flashes of light in the sky grouped in three areas, moving generally southward.;2015-04-09 22:25:00;20 minutes;Intermittent flashes of light in the sky grouped in three areas, moving generally southward. ((NUFORC Note:  We seriously question whether this is a serious report.  Source indicates he is a journalist, but he doesn't write with the skill we would expect of a professional writer.  PD)) Sitting in the hot tub at 10:25 pm Thursday night my wife and I notice a medium bright flash, about as bright as the brightest star out that night.  My wife, a major UFO skeptic, saw a flash overhead and south of us, about 10 degrees from vertical overhead.  I am a journalist and a trained skeptic, but a UFO buff.  About 5 seconds later it flashed again, but this time to the left of where it had been. A few seconds later it flashed again, about 25 degrees south.  There was no sound, and the flashes equaled the brightest star out at the time in the overhead sky.  The Big Dipper was visible to our 11 o'clock if facing south. The flashes were brighter than it.  Trying to determine what we were seeing, we ruled out what we knew:  There is an air traffic lane from Denver coming over the mountain range to the east, on approach to salt lake airport.  There is a life flight helicopter that makes frequent runs along the mountain range between spanish fork canyon and provo ho! spital.  There are occasional helicopters flying north and south to the west, either private or military, going to or from either spanish fork or provo airports or salt lake international, or military helis going to Hill AFB or camp Williams.  There is a park the next block south of us where Hobby planes are flown.  And one night a brightly lit UAV was flown  dang, wasn't a UFO!, we have seen satellites and shooting stars from our back yard. It was none of those. Aircraft may appear promising at first, but after a minute you can see their nav lights flashing regularly and they generally move along air traffic lanes. Another  flash caught our eye, at a 30 degree position, farther south. It flashed a little fainter, about as bright as the medium brightest star out, and flashed at random times 15-30 seconds apart, moving down to 50 degrees, left 15 degrees, left and up  about 10 degrees, then right 20 degrees and down, then right again, flashing dimmer and dimmer, we ! assumed it must be moving south while flashing consistently br! ight. Th ere was a slight amount of light pollution from downtown and a shopping center and walmart due east about two miles. There was minimal cloud cover, almost completely clear with one or two thin wispy clouds. I was staring directly overhead when a clear bright flash occurred in front of or through a cloud. None of the flashes seemed to close, all seemed to be far away. one appeared IN a cloud, lighting up the surrounding vapor like a headlight in a fog for a brief second. The flash appeared again to the right of the first position, moving by about 10 degrees. I did not see it again. The flashes seemed to be moving in general directions south, but not directly. Appearing randomly in clustered areas as they generally moved southward. The brightest 2 flashes overhead did not appear to have a general direction of travel. In January this year There were UFO reports over Duschesne county in the northeastern part of the state near Vernal, near where the famous Hardware Ranch is locat! ed. Within days at least 3 cattle mutilations were also reported, although news reports and police reports were pretty general and bland. Like they didn't want to say much about it. Cattle mutilations and UFO sightings, usually within the same time frames, have been frequent in this part of the state for 40 years or more. So yeah, my wife and I saw 3 UFOs!;40.1636;-111.5998
