Red glowing object seen over small town several years ago.;1985-06-01 17:30:00;10 to 15 minutes;Red glowing object seen over small town several years ago. I am reporting this incident retrospectively to both assist my recollection of events and attempt to gain a better understanding of what my father and I saw several years ago (between spring 1984 and 1986) when I was about 9 years old.  It was late evening after a baseball game between 8 and 9:00 at night.  After several years of denial, my father recently confirmed that he too witnessed the following events.  After leaving the local convenience store heading towards Leonard, I noticed a cylinder like object hovering nearby.  From my perspective, the object appeared to be the size 18-wheeler.  The object was stationary for about 3 minutes and proceeded to parallel us as my father drove towards downtown.  We followed the object for about 10 more minutes towards Leonard.  We continued seeing the object moving slightly faster than we were driving.  About half way between Trenton and Leonard, the object moved south west over an empty field, staying at the same altitude, and rapidly moved upwards vanishing into the night sky.  It did not resemble the traditional UFO flying disk shape.  The object was shaped like a flattened blimp.  My father described it more as an elongated egg.  I remember that the object was red with many lights--red, white, and possibly blue).  The object was glowing with a dim red.  The edges of the area were glowing a darker red.  Additional red lights flashed in a random pattern at the bottom of the object.  The white lights were along the side of the object.  I believe that the blue or green lights also were along the bottom of the object as well.  At the initial sighting when the object was hovering, the object appeared to have a metallic-like texture with at least one horizontal crease.  It's hard to describe, but the object was more than a form of light it had an odd, wavy, gridded, metal-like texture to it.  The white lights did not appear round, but rather small squares.  In retrospect, the white light may have been the illumination of the horizontal crease.  The lights also did not appear to illuminate the surrounding area.  I could not see any wings or propellers--as would be on a helicopter.  The object did not make any sound and despite how close it was.  It also did not disturb any of the surrounding trees.  A helicopter that was as near as this object was would have been audible and disturbed the branches on the surrounding trees.  Again, these events occurred many years ago and I wish that I had made a more detailed observation of the events at the time.  However, I was a child at the time and only recently had these events confirmed by my father who was reluctant to discuss these events.  It would be incredibly helpful if others could guide me in the research of this event and other events similar to this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));33.4211;-96.3436
