Solid white lights crossing the sky at a very high altitude at a very rapid speed.;2012-07-25 22:00:00;1 hour;Solid white lights crossing the sky at a very high altitude at a very rapid speed. Let me first start by saying, I found this site by stumbling on it while trying to find answers to what my son & I witnessed and have witnessed in the past. My son is a 10 year old curious young man who has questions about everything.  So it was no surprise that he would have questions about the lights in the sky that we witnessed together. I myself am a 47 year old male who has experienced some really odd and unexplainable stuff in my life after spending 21 years in the military and serving 13 years as a uniformed police office and 2 years under cover.  I’ve seen just about all the weird stuff, I want to in my life. On July 25, 2012, at approximately 21:00 hours, while fishing in a lake on our property, I observed a solid white light crossing the sky from southwest to northeast.  I pointed the light out to my son, who by far has better eye sight than I do.  The light was so far up that if you didn’t track it, you would lose sight of it.  The light appeared to be moving at a fairly rapid speed as that of a jet plane, but with no flashing lights, the altitude was much higher than what an aircraft could travel. My son & I continued to observe three more lights over the next hour traveling in the same direction at the same speed, matching the same description as the one before it. If it’s a UFO, interesting, if it’s plane or satellite great, we are just looking for answer to what it is.  I have seen these same lights in the sky before, but in another location with my old son who was about 13 at the time. These lights are not something notice by walking out the door of your house and looking up in the night sky.  I’ve only noticed them when concentrating on the night sky in a very dark area without much interference light from surrounding homes.  I don’t think you would notice them unless you are looking for them.  We just want to know what they are, so when we see them again, we have an explanation.;39.7392;-92.2506
