Approximately 50 bright to dark orange, orb like lights, no blinking lights on them, no headlights.;2009-09-19 22:00:00;30 minutes;Approximately 50 bright to dark orange, orb like lights, no blinking lights on them, no headlights. I am 45 years old. Me and 6 other adults ages ranging from 17 – 58 and 5 children witnessed this event. At a house on Woodlawn Ave. in Walled Lake, at around 10:00 p.m. on Saturday, 9/19/2009, we were all outside.  We noticed a group of 3 round orange lights coming out of the southeast sky heading northwest, then turning gradually west. They appeared to be moving slowly and made no noise but they seemed to cover a lot of distance quickly they looked like they were about 4 miles away when we saw the area they were coming from and it took them roughly 30 seconds to be over the top of us. Though they looked like about 4 times the size of the brightest star in the sky or the size of a porch light from 50 yards, we could not tell exactly how big they actually were.  They seemed to maintain the same size the entire distance.  As the first group went over they disappeared overhead but not into the clouds it was mostly clear except for some very light clouds overhead and I don’t think they were high enough to even be in the clouds.  There were many visible stars in the sky.  It made no sense that we couldn’t see them after that.  The glow of light was not like a flame though close to the same color. The glow of the light didn't go outside of the object. They stayed as glowing circles and didn't vary in shape. They didn't fizzle out, they just disappeared. Seemed to be burning off energy from the front while traveling forward.  As the first group disappeared another group of 5 appeared coming from the same direction and maintaining the same course. They were grouped together at what appeared to be about half a mile from each other and maybe a half mile to a mile up in the sky.  We did see a steady flow, where there were at least 12 visible at the same time, at different distances, this continued for at least 15 to 20 minutes. We saw a total of approximately 35 bright to dark orange, round, orb like lights, no blinking lights on them, no headlights, just a sort of bright to dark orange glow.  Some of the ones we saw, when they were at their greatest distance away from us, moving toward us, looked like they glowed red at first then turned bright orange, then to dark orange, almost a rust color.  Later, around 11:00 p.m., me and 4 other friends were a half mile away at another house in the same neighborhood on Fisher Ave. and we saw the lights, same characteristics as the others, traveling  the same course.  We witnessed at least 15 more within about 10 minutes, some traveled individually, some in groups of 3, some were in a triangular formation, twice there would be one straight across from one other, a mile or so apart, moving the same speed and distance like they were connected in some way moving together. We did see 2 jets,  one with blinking white lights and one with red and green, flying over, way, way above these lights, from west to east, the jets lights were only tiny dots.  I have never seen anything like it. The people that I was with speculated on what they could be. Some said flares  flares would glow brighter or flicker.  Some thought rockets, maybe from Williams Research they seemed like they came from further away and if they were rockets we should have been able to see them as they went by, they disappeared almost directly overhead.  Some thought maybe we had launched nukes and were at war there was nothing about it on the news. This was not NASA’s launch from Virginia. In all 16 people,  including myself, witnessed this event, discussed the same details and agreed that it was the most bizarre thing any of us had ever seen.  None of us could identify the lights. Unfortunately none of us had a good camera handy someone tried to use a picture phone but the picture came out blurry.;42.5586;-83.4772999999998
3 orange spheres rising into the air one after the other mins apart form same point in air no sounds;2010-08-15 00:10:00;10 min;3 orange spheres rising into the air one after the other mins apart form same point in air no sounds 3 one after the other orange in color risen slowly from 100 or so feet in the air went a mile or more into the air headed east;42.5586;-83.4772999999998
