Blinking light moved W to E.  Faded out, came back, dropped real quick when plane approached, then went back up behind it.;1996-06-28 22:00:00;5-7 min;Unusual lack of air traffic for 1/2 hour after sighting.;42.5586;-83.4772999999998
Bright orange lights in formation, then some after, one by one;2012-07-03 22:00:00;20 - 30minutes;Bright orange lights in formation, then some after, one by one My husband and I stepped out on the balcony because we heard fireworks and wanted to see if we could see them from our balcony(we could only see the very top of the biggest fireworks over the trees to the west).   We noticed them right away.  There were 7 bright orange lights in a loose V shape across the sky.If there were more, we could not see them because our building would have been blocking them from view.   They were moving from the west to east at a steady pace. There was no sound from them.   As they reached almost directly in front of and above us, one toward the north of the formation stopped and hovered.  One by one, they all got smaller and faded from view (like they were ascending quickly, maybe), and only the one hovering remained.   We watched it for a moment, and then it too got smaller and faded from view without moving position.  Within less than a minute, there were two planes in the sky, heading in the same general direction.   My first thought was th! at those planes were 'together' because they were so close to each other in the sky.  One headed north and the other headed east.   It was too dark to see what kind of planes they were.  The orange lights were much brighter than the planes but looked smaller from our viewpoint (maybe they were higher in the sky?), but seemed to be traveling at close to the same speed as the planes.  The planes were still in the sky, but almost gone, when we saw another orange light to the west. I ran into the house and grabbed the binoculars. When I returned, there was another one in the sky, both traveled in that same direction.  Looking at them through the binoculars, I could see that they were pulsating in a steady rhythm from bright to brighter.  I could not really see that without the binoculars.  There was no detail that could be seen, just orange light. Those got smaller and faded until they could not be seen even with the binoculars.  Another one appeared in the sky, just winking into view a! bout halfway up from the horizon to the northwest. Same direct! ion of t ravel, same fading and disappearing after about a minute.  I lost count of how many there were altogether, but they kept appearing in the west, one or two at a time and traveling in the same direction, usually fading within a minute or two.  I think there were approximately 14 to 18 in all.;42.5586;-83.4772999999998
