Enormous, large shaped disc craft with bright yellow lights in center/slow moving but also quick moving.;2007-07-20 22:00:00;4 minutes;Enormous, large shaped disc craft with bright yellow lights in center/slow moving but also quick moving. ON 7/20/2007 between 10:00 Pm and 10:15 PM I went out to the local Jewel store to get a pack of cigarettes. As I was driving home approx 1/4 of a mile to my house, I saw an enormous disc shaped craft in the sky to my left. If you saw seven to ten low flying airplanes side by side I would quess that to be the size of it. It appeared to be a very large dark disc shape with bright yellow lights in the center, the lights were so bright they looked like large flourecent bulbs in the center. I also saw some small blue and grey lights which appeared to be on each end of it.It made no noise as you would expect a large craft would make.  As I was driving, I remember at least one other vehicle coming from the east I began to yell and flash my lights to try and get his attention, because I did not want to be the only one seeing this. As he passed me by I saw the object moving quickly to the south west. I pulled into my home driveway as it was quickly moving to the west, I saw my fathers car who lives next door pulling in front of my garage. I jumped out of the car to try and get my wife to come and see this, as I got out of my car my father said what the hell was that! I said did you see that! as I was running to the door to get my wife. By the time she came out the craft was far to the west and moving south. My wife only caught a glimpse in the distance, and said oh maybe it was a blimp. I said I can still see it, and we grabbed our dogs and jumped in the car and  drove to the south west and it was nowhere in sight. But to recap my visual experience, this craft was hovering to my left in the sky to my west. A extremely large disc shaped craft with bright yellow lights in the center and lights on what appeared to be each end of the craft blue and gray. Making no noise, by eye it was very close to me yet it was still high enough in the sky to not make an accurate judgement of the size. Big enough to cause me to be in awe and writing this letter. Although, it appeared to be hovering moving slow it th! en moved so quickly that within  2 minutes or so it was completely out of site. The disc itself appeared to be a dark grey color, however it was night so it looked black or grey. If you saw a low flying plane in the sky, this would have been at least ten planes as I mentioned it was HUGE! I dont know what these crafts are military or something else but Im now a believer! 30 Miles south of Chicago it was here!;41.5909999999999;-88.0483999999999
5 red/orange ovals traveling SW to NE in a straight line , spaced equally apart.;2012-10-18 19:45:00;3 minutes;5 red/orange ovals traveling SW to NE in a straight line , spaced equally apart. Event occurred around  7:45 pm. Weather conditions at the time were very cloudy, overcast with light drizzle.  No visible stars or moon.  Typical aircraft would be hard to see under these conditions however these were not typical. The object were traveling from the southwest towards the northeast. There were 5 total and they appeared to be distanced apart equally as they emerged over my place of employment and traveled in a straight line. There was no sound, they appeared to be oval in shape, they transitioned from red to orange. Since there is a treeline behind my work place I was unable to determine if they faded away. These objects were also not traveling very fast for something I would consider a typical aircraft.  Less then 90mph I would say but of course this is a guess from the ground. Also they were below the overcast cloud line and I only say that because of how clearly visible they were.  Now the strange thing about this event is that there was a sighting yesterday 10/17/12 around dusk in an adjacent city...however there were 4 objects, oval, bright, orangey yellow in color also. A coworkers cousin snapped a photo of that sighting and showed it to me stunned after I told her what I just had witnessed.  There were also about 6-7 people that needed their vehicles jump started today that we knew of.  The 10:00 o clock news had reported meteor showers but had mentioned the conditions were poor to view and the Chicagoland area was not in the best viewing zone anyways.;41.5909999999999;-88.0483999999999
Five UFO's went past the three of us;2012-10-19 19:28:00;1 minute;five UFO's went past the three of us 2012 Oct 18 - 7:28pm - Three of us were standing (facing west) in front of St.Dennis Church having a cigarette. (1214 Hamilton, Lockport, IL)  We see an orange light coming from the south heading north. It appeared from behind a tree line. It was about 40d above the horizon. It looked like a ball of slowly pulsating orange light.  No blinking or flashing lights on it. It's speed was like that of a regular jet. - About two seconds later a second orange orb appears from behind the tree line and follows the same path heading north as the first one.  It's speed and color were the same as the first one. - About three or four seconds later, a third light appears out of the same spot and was heading in the same direction. This third one seemed to stop briefly and then continued north. My friend took a movie of it with his cell phone. - About 4 or 5 seconds later, a fourth orb appears from the same spot and heads north. I took a pic with my crappy cell phone camera. - ! About ten seconds after that, a fifth orange orb appears. It appeared from the same spot, heading north, traveling at the same speed as the others. This 5th orb suddenly doubles or triples it's speed. It shoots across the sky and catches up to the fourth orb. This fifth orb then abruptly slows down to the speed that the others seemed to be traveling at. - All five orbs were the same color they all pulsated the same way and they were completely silent. - My cell camera pic was of the fourth orb. This pic shows that the fourth orb was made up of four smaller orbs - a white orb followed by an orange orb followed by a yellowish gold orb followed by an orange orb. My eyes did NOT see these smaller four orbs - I only saw a larger orange orb. Additional Facts: - Practically every day the skies above lockport are filled with chemtrails that stretch from horizon to horizon and some times the chemtrails form a grid pattern in the sky. - The unmarked black helicopters are frequently! seen flying above us. - Lockport is located near the D.O.E.'s! Argonne National Labs and FermiLab. - Unmanned drone airplanes have been seen in this area as well.;41.5909999999999;-88.0483999999999
