Ufos in lockport IL;2011-03-02 21:50:00;10 minutes;Ufos in lockport IL As I was traveling west bound on 147th st. in lockport, il.  Sitting in the passenger seat I noticed a flame like object hovering over an empty field.  As my friend and I made the left turn onto gougar rd. the flame became more visible, as we got to an opening in the trees  we parked our vehicle to observe the object.  Now our position was right in between 151st and 147st on gougar road.  During this time our vehicle was facing south and we were observing the object to the west of us.  To the west of us is the I-355 extension and the object was across the highway about a quarter mile.  When we first parked our car the object still had a flame shooting out the top of it.  At first it had seemed as if the refinery flame was lit.  But this was not the refinery.  The flame began to diminish and a very dimly lit spotlight appeard at the base if the object, at this point the shape of the object was unclear.  Everything up to this point happened in the first five minutes.  Now things get a little frightening, the spotlight on the craft had dissapeared and a bright green light turned on.  We were about 3/4 of a mile away from the object when it started to approach us, the green light was still on and the craft was approaching the highway heading east.  I couldnt believe my eyes as I saw this spherical shaped aircraft with six tentacle like legs under its body.  The craft was getting closer and now I can resemble the lights, there was one single light bar across the center of its body consisting of 1 green light on the right side (the brightest one) a white light next to that light, then three red lights that flickered as if they were being manipulated manually, they did not seem to have a set pattern and finally a dimmer green light on the left of the arrangment.  These light features were extruded from the front of the body of the vehicle, the aircraft was now about fifty feet over our heads silently hovering over.  Our car was off and not one noise! came from the aircraft.  As it passed over us we lost sight panicked and left.;41.5909999999999;-88.0483999999999
