fayyetville,NC true ufo sighting 07/04/1978;1978-07-04 19:00:00;5 minutes;fayyetville,NC true ufo sighting 07/04/1978 it was back in 1978,july 4th evening me and people were outside topeka heights apartments off camden rd,off dwelle dr,we saw this saucer disk shaped object size of a football field,hover over the parking lot completely taking up most of the sky view,full moon light nite with street lights,20 or more people saw this,we all still remember to this date,me and the guys were playing football in parking lot,we threw rocks at it,it had flashing lights around it,a low humming noise could be heard from the craft,the rocks never touch the craft,it went over the apartment building which was 2 story,it was only hovering about 30 feet above the building,it took off at the back of the building and flew away in a few seconds out of sight completely,my first and last sighting ever,i swear this is the truth so help me god,we call the air force to report this,they told us it was a weather balloon,we all know better ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));35.0339837239589;-78.9566645399287
Anomalous aircraft seen over Fayetteville N.C. citizen.;2008-10-21 13:00:00;6 seconds;Anomalous aircraft seen over Fayetteville N.C. citizen. Hello Reader,  Hello, I am 29 years old and my name is not important.   I am a father.  I am ex-military.   I run a small business here in Fayetteville N.C.  I have never been a real UFO enthusiast or anything but have always been a very open minded thinker.  So the other day I got a phone call from my mom telling me to contact my sister ASAP.  My sister lives in Marshalltown Iowa 1,100 miles away.  She also has to pay for outgoing long distance calls so normally we talk when I call her.   As soon as I dialed and said hello she says, very enthusiastically, “brother you’re not going to believe what I saw today!”   What was it?  I asked.   She proceeded to tell me how she was driving downtown towards the post office when she noticed an extremely bright object in the sky that appeared to be a floating star.  She described the object as being at least two stories high and definitely within the city limits.   She told me that she had no idea what it was but that she stopped and got out of her vehicle to get a better look.  When she got out looking towards the sky, she said the object was gone.   I thought about this for a moment and asked her what she thought she saw.  She said she had no idea but that it didn’t make sense the object had vanished so quickly.  I tried to offer her a reasonable explanation by telling her that it’s possible for sunlight to reflect off an aircraft very brightly and seemingly disappear when the aircraft changes direction slightly in the sky.   She was not totally satisfied with this and responded by telling me that the aircraft would have been flying too low.  When the conversation was over she seemed calmed down some.  I should mention that to her credit my sister is a very intelligent and grounded person.  Not one to make up such stories.  I believed she saw something.  The next day I had pretty much forgotten all about the phone call with my sister.  My business associate and I had just finished services at one of our customer’s property.  This was on Vista dr.  We both got into the truck and as I was starting the ignition I looked up.  Immediately I was struck by what I saw. The aircraft was big.  I’m estimating it to be about the size of a Boeing 747 passenger jet.  It was shaped almost like a blimp, “and this was the first thought that came to my mind”, but longer giving it an even more aerodynamic look.  It was very luminescent.  I could not make out any distinguishable shapes like you would expect to see on an aircraft besides the color.  The color had the appearance of mercury and I could also see some red towards the front upper portion. No tail, no undercarriage, no wings.   My mind was racing like lightning.  After about 3 seconds I yelled to my partner, “LOOK!”  And I pointed skyward.  She looked up, but not quick enough.  The craft, which was traveling at about 60 mph, had entered into the tree line overhead.  She looked back at me and I was still looking upward.  I saw it for about 2 more seconds through the trees and then disappeared back over the tree line.  I was AMPED!  I hit the gas and we began speeding through the neighborhood.  I was definitely getting another look at this thing!  I turned a sharp right at the corner and tore down the road.  We went about 7 blocks.  All the while I was looking madly up at the sky trying to see around the trees and get a better look.  It took me about 30 seconds to get to a better area.  I pulled into a parking lot and got out of the truck.  From this position I had a good 360 degree view.  It was a mostly clear sky and I could see for miles in the direction that the aircraft should have been headed.  Even then I expected to see something that made sense.  It must have been some kind of blimp or something.  There was nothing.  I was completely astounded.  Why didn’t I see something in the sky?  What the hell did I see?  It shouldn’t have been possible at the speed it was traveling to elude my range of vision when I could now easily see for miles.  This all happened at about 1: pm Oct, 21, 2008. At this point my partner was looking at me like I had gone bat shit.  So I gave her the phone and made her call the airport.  At this time I spoke to Trisha in the radar tower.  I asked her if any aircraft were currently flying above the downtown area.  She asked me what I had seen and I said that I wasn’t sure maybe a blimp.  She told me to hold on and then came back on the phone.  She told me that I had probably seen one of the many military aircraft that fly over Fayetteville.  I told her, “No Trisha, I want to know if you have any communication right now with any aircraft over the downtown area and if so, what specifically?”  She said that a C-130 had been flying over the downtown area.  I told her that,” no it was not a C-130.”  I used to jump out of this type of aircraft when I served in the military.  It is very easy for me to identify.  I should also note that I have lived in Fayetteville for 7 years now.  Being local for so long, and near Pope air force base, I am very used to looking up in the sky and seeing military aircraft.  You see everything from warthogs and C-130s to Chinook helicopters, to name a few.  Also, I live less than I mile from the air force base and have seen many different types of military aircraft, in the sky, on routine training flights.  After I spoke with Trisha in the radar tower I was both very excited and very confused.  I thought for sure that they would have some sort of explanation that made sense.  No, they had nothing.  Later that afternoon I called the police station and spoke with a dispatcher.  She had no other reports of anomalous objects in the sky.  I’m not sure if she made a report of my story or not but I told her everything.  I also called the airport back and spoke to Trisha again.  No one else had called in at all.  She gave me a number to Pope AFB.  I called and left a message to call me back please.  No one has called.  That was 48 hrs ago.  I have no easy explanation for what I experienced.  The events surrounding this seem just extraordinary, for example my sister calling the day before.  Interestingly enough the presidential nominee Barrack Obama was here last weekend.  McCain is coming this weekend.  Do these things relate?  I can only speculate about that as I try to make some sense of things.  Another wild coincidence is that Great Britain just released a 1,500-page batch of top secret documents that were UFO related. http://news.aol.com/article/britain-releases-more-ufo-sighting-files/217434?icid=200100397x1211165486x1200734593   Although I’m not sure exactly what I saw I can tell you this.  Visibly it seemed immediate that it was anomalous.  It should have been in the sky longer.  The radar tower should have known what it was.  Many other people should have seen this as it was almost directly above downtown Fayetteville.   My sister believes she also saw something anomalous in the sky 24 hours prior to my experience.  Somehow this is all absolutely PHENOMENAL.;35.0339837239589;-78.9566645399287
A shiny fast moving oblong disk was moving through the sky over the moon and then it moved to the west out of sight!;2011-08-06 19:30:00;10 minutes;A shiny fast moving oblong disk was moving through the sky over the moon and then it moved to the west out of sight! On Saturday evening at 7:30 pm, I was playing tennis and noticed an unusual shiny oblong disk flying above the moon and then it proceeded to the west and flew out of sight.  This also happened at the same exact time on Sunday evening, when I was playing tennis (7:30 pm). On Sunday evening alot of other people saw it and discounted it as an airplane. The lady that was beside me and myself were not convinced it was an airplane. We both knew we could hear the sound of an airplane.  This UFO did not make a sound!    A few minutes later an airplane was in the sky, we could hear it plain as day!;35.0339837239589;-78.9566645399287
Bright lights appeared then object came towards us.;2012-12-14 01:00:00;20 minutes;Bright lights appeared then object came towards us. It was a bright light that we thought was a flare but it was in the air too long.  Then it looked like it was disappearing until we saw shooting stars around it and then that is when the object appears.  It was disk shaped and it had white lights around it and a red line of lights on the side.   It was moving sideways towards us really slow.  We thought it was a plane since we stay by Fort Bragg but it was moving really slowly so we started to drive down the road to see what it was and it was close to us and started moving really fast.   It went so fast that it disappeared so we stopped where we were and turned off the lights and then it reappeared.   When we tried to follow it again it disappeared and we did not see it again.;35.0339837239589;-78.9566645399287
Several Large UFO sightings over Bladen Co., N.C. between 30 Dec 2016 and April 2017.  ((anonymous report));2017-04-11 23:15:00;35 minutes;Several Large UFO sightings over Bladen County, N.C. between 30 Dec 2016 and April 2017. It had been the fifth time this type of UFO has come to our area, which is our back yard.  The difference has been its size and distance to My home.  Every appearance, has drawn it closer and larger than the last one.  The first sighting was on 30 December 2016 @ 2300 hours.  It appeared and traveled down the street and above My neighbor's house across the street, then it came over mine.  It was so close I could have hit it with a baseball easily.  The neighbor in questioned moved from the fear of the incident.  This first one was saucer shape, reddish/orange, pulsating as it revolted, silently, eventually speeding incredibly fast over head and east off of Hwy 87.   The next two were on 26 January and 8 February, 2017.  These two were very similar in size, though larger than the first on 30 December 2016.  The one on 26 January 2017 appeared at 2145 hours, with three major reddish/orange lights equal distant apart, with a diamond like object trailing it behind and below the craft.  It diamond shape figure eventually joint the major part of the craft from underneath, then flow away as it traverse the trees at a distance.  The next one, on 8 February was huge, yet silent as well.  It didn't create no sound or disturbance of the atmosphere.  It remained steady state for approximately 45 minutes, if not more, because I was lost in its beauty.  This one too hard the three reddish/orange glow of lights, equally distant from each other and a trailing diamond shaped object.  The only difference with this observation was that the craft was larger than the last and the diamond shaped object moved more distal from the main object and freely over the neighboring homes and streets and tree lines.  The observation was the 11 April 2017, and without a doubt, the largest ever observed, and not just by Me, but by My entire family.  I've waited a long time to be vindicated by this current sighting, because all the others were seen by Me and when reported to My family, it was received rather unappreciated.  Then this sighting! occurre d and I was vindicated.  Like I said this one was the largest of them all, were every detail could be observed by everyone.  It too had the three reddish/orange lights equally distant, the bottom base could be seen perfectly, which demonstrated were the diamond shaped craft would descend from and the full range of what else there was underneath the UFO.  The bottom part, as I said, had the diamond shaped craft, along with what appeared to be a silvery bracket holding it in place, with some lighting as well.  You could see the way the edges of the UFO curved upward, all the way around.  The top seemed like a shimmering light blue glow about it. Once again, it was silent, and I expected some sound, considering the size of this UFO. The size, without question, had two be 3 and half times the size of My house, because as it traveled over it. It had extend equally on both ends, which would make it over 3 times 76 feet in diameter, since My home is 76 feet long.  Making it more than 275 feet in diameter. The only thing I question id why now? Why these recent visits to My area, and almost the exact same area.  Truth be told, since moving out to this area in 2005, I've since UFOs land near by, even to the extent of leaving circles in My back yard.  Some time floating between My property and My neighbors, but never this large or this close.  There must be something going on around here, if not with Me, since I've had several experiences in My entire life with these things, and for generations apparently. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.0339837239589;-78.9566645399287
One saucer shaped U.F.O. with red light in center flashing red above tree tops moving from N/W TO S/E;2021-01-28 22:30:00;3 MINUTES;One saucer shaped U.F.O. with red light in center flashing red above tree tops moving from N/W TO S/E My wife was in the backyard and looked up saw a red light in the center of a circular saucer shape object above our house moving from North west moving south east.  I looked out window and it was gone.;35.0339837239589;-78.9566645399287
