It really just appeared, it was only a few feet above me, I an not sure but I think I touched it.  It was a silverish metallic color, I;1998-07-13 21:00:00;?;It really just appeared, it was only a few feet above me, I an not sure but I think I touched it.  It was a silverish metallic color, I don't remember if this one had lights or not.  There was no noise or humming, it just sat in air, I do not remember it leaving. I do not wish for my name to be used, my husband would never believe me.  My grandfather, a minister in Chocowinity, suggessted that I contact you about this.  This incident is not the first one I have encountered, I remember at least four more.  However this one was different in the fact that it was much larger, it made no noise, and most of all, this time I was not afraid.  I felt a since of familiarity with them or it.  I remember reaching up to touch it ( I think I did touch it, but I could not bet my life on it), and thinking it was bigger than the last, and actually admiring it.  I am a very stable and sane person, I have never really believed in them, even after the first encounter, I just kind of blocked it out.  The first one came when I was about 11 years old, my brother was about five.  We were standing at the edge of our field playing when a small saucer shaped object flew down and hoovered above our heads only about two to three feet from us.  It made a hypnotizing humming noise.  We stood frozen with fear and awe,(I don't know how long we stood there) then we started running as it chased us about a hundred yards then dissappeared.  The strangest thing was we hardly ever talked about it.  You would think as kids, we would of tried to tell the whole world.  We just did not have much to say about it to anyone, not even each other.  It was very small though, I don't think any being could ride in it.  It was about the size of a a teachers desk.  The one I saw on Monday was much larger though, about the size of a car.  I know that someone out there knows what these things are, and I want to know.  I am not afraid anymore, in fact, I actually now look forward to the next time.  Can anyone tell me why it would pick me?  Oh, and I don't know if this will help, but every incedent has occurred between June and September.  I do not wish to go public with this, I know people would think I am crazy, but I think anyone that does not believe it is possible is crazy and ignorant.  How can people even thin! k that out of all the stars and space that we would be the only planet with life on it?  I do not think these things or beings mean us any harm I got more of a motherly feeling from this ship the other night.  I felt protected and loved.  I know this all sounds crazy, even as I write this I know I would probably think someone was crazy if I heard them saying it.  Please read this with an open mind.  I am also open to any other explanations. One other thing, my husband and I saw fighter aircraft in the air a few hours before this.  Though at the time, there were none in sight, that I remember.;35.4814;-77.0868
