I watched a line of strange lights (15-20) fly from the north horizon, pass almost directly over me, and move south out of sight.;2013-10-18 23:30:00;15 minutes;I watched a line of strange lights (15-20) fly from the north horizon, pass almost directly over me, and move south out of sight. As I was standing in my driveway with my dog for the last time before bed I noticed a strange light in the sky.  I am on the flight path between Chicago and Atlanta and see planes all the time but this plane was very low and caught my attention as it moved silently across the sky over my home. After a few moments of watching it I noticed that there was no red, white, or green light.  Nor was there any blinking of the light.  Also, as it moved from north to overhead and on south there was no change in the shape of the light I could see.  In other words there was no mass...like a wing, tail, body...moving between me and any of the light.  The circular flower-like shape of the light never changed in any way. I decided this was something unusual and that I needed to make a picture.  I ran, as fast as I could, into the house to grab my camera, a distance of about 20 feet and then back out.  By the time I returned to the driveway it had gone behind one small cloud.  I turned on my digital camera but kept getting a picture error code.  I had to turn it on and off several times before I could get it to work.   When the object came out where I could see it again it was far enough away--and the streetlight was between it and me--so I could not get a picture.  Then it was just gone.  I though, oh well...missed it, and turned to go back in the house when I noticed another one crossing the sky behind my home!   I took off at a fast walk toward the back to get away from the streetlight and my front porch light to get a better picture.  As I walked back past the house I saw about three more.  The motion sensor triggered the back porch light so had to keep walking to the back corner of the house.  By the time I got there I could see five or six of these lights just a above the walnut trees...straight up!   I could also hear police sirens from the time I began my walk from the front coming from the north-northeast.  I did not think anything about that as it is not uncommon with a main road running east/west just about a mile north of my house.  The sirens stopped shortly after I turned the corner of the house.  I have to wonder if they were seeing what I was about to see as it was coming from the same direction. When I turned the back corner of the house and looked to the north-northeast there was a whole line of them.  Not a straight line--but kind of like you would see helicopters in a war movie.  The first thought I had was invasion.  There must have been at least 15-20 of these things altogether and they passed right over me without one sound.  Absolute silence!  Not even the siren was blaring anymore.  Total and absolute silence!   I moved into the shadow behind my house and began making pictures. As many as I could get.  I was shaking and my heart was pounding so some are shaky but I propped the camera on a birdhouse attached to a tree and got a good one of the line coming toward me.    I stayed in the shadows until they were all gone because I was afraid they would see me...they were that close.  I was able to get about 20 pictures before they moved south out of sight behind trees.  It couldn't have taken more than 5 minutes for the last one to move from the northern horizon to the south far enough that I couldn't see them any more. About 5 minutes later I was on the phone with a friend who lives south telling him to look for them (he never saw them) when I saw the last one.  It was low on the horizon to the east and I could only see it as it passed the area at the end of the street at the intersection I was standing on. The area I live in is on high ground between the White river and another river that feeds into it from Morse Reservoir Northeast of Indianapolis, IN.;40.0583124999999;-86.0292125000001
