Grass Valley CA, early 80's - Silvery silent slow-flying torpedo-shaped UFO seen over tree-tops.;1981-05-15 16:00:00;3-5 sec;Grass Valley CA, early 80's - Silvery silent slow-flying torpedo-shaped UFO seen over tree-tops. Recently realized I saw a UFO in the early 1980's and that it wasn't a low-flying, stealth military missile headed for the Pacific Ocean as I had concluded at the time. Was driving slowly on Wiley Lane, facing due north. A silver torpedo-shaped craft flew slowly and silently east-to-west just over the tree-tops, perhaps at 200ft. (Tall pines were growing on either side of the narrow street....appeared to be close to their tops.) There were no markings or windows or obvious sources of propulsion. Don't recall hearing any engine sounds. Was shocked that a military aircraft would be allowed to fly SO LOW over a populated area with the possibility of impacting buildings, tall trees or other small airborn aircraft!!! DISCLAIMER: Date-year is NOT exact (may be off by a year, before or after). Was definitely in spring or summer. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.171451;-121.037745
Cigar  craft  encountered over home in Grass Valley, Calif. 1981/82. Reported to Beale Air Force Base.;1982-06-30 00:00:00;10-15 min.?;Cigar  craft  encountered over home in Grass Valley, Calif. 1981/82. Reported to Beale Air Force Base. I was watching a late show one evening in 81/82 when I became aware of a very low basso tone. At first I wasn't thinking anything about it except how odd it was. But I continued to watch tv. As a little time progressed on the tone became deeper, stronger, and more insistant, much louder until it was rattling my glass table top and windows. At this I jumped up and ran for the sliding glass door to see if a Jumbo jet was going to land on my house. It sounded so low in the evening air. I knew we were on a flight path for Beale air force base and we were used to hearing planes now and again in the daytime but never this late at night. I was scared the sound was so invasive. As I launched myself out the back door I landed on a small concrete slab patio with a start as I tried to gauge where the sound was coming from. I looked up at a pine tree in our back yard tall or so and then swiveled toward the sound of the bass tone. As I turned looking up the whole time I could not believe what I was witnessing...there hanging no more than about 200 feet about the ground and moving at a smails pace was a cigar shaped gun metal toned UFO. I was dumfounded as I watched it inch thru the night sky. There were no other sounds but that deep bassso drone as it approached until it was right over my home, and partly obliterated by the roof of my house. Suddenly it stopped dead in the air and as it did so the drone stopped also. It was utterly quiet with not a bird, nor frog, no cricket. It was incredibly eerie! As I watched it just hang there in the void above me I searched its superstructure for some sign of familiarity with airplanes I was familiar with, but there were no wings, no propellars, no windows or portholes, no designs of any kind, just a long dark polished cigar shaped something right over my house dead still in the air. I had a long piece of property, longer than wide and it clearly could have spanned the length of a football field. I continued to watch it, I don't know how long, curious, and in w! ondermen t when suddenly one light ticked on and then off and a little ways away another came on and then off...this continued around the entire bottom of the middle half of the structure that had settled in above my house in a half circle arc and then it disappeared beyond the roof of my home until I finally saw the same light that had started it all tick on and off again and then with that a bright all encompassing light surrounded where I was standing and illuminated the top of my home. I remember thinking to myself they've seen me and this is where I have an odd double memory of what happened next, I remember wanting to jump out of the light, but I do not remember doing it. I remember staying there and looking into the light. I remember when just before the light came on there was an odd metallic sound like something industrial going on, but I did not see any opening. It was not a blinding light but it was without a doubt the brightest light I had ever seen and yet it did not hurt my eyes and I do not have a remembrance of even wanting to blink my eyes it was all so intrigueing to me. It was almost as tho the light itself was alive, it was filled with rianbows and small moving things, I can only liken it to looking at semen, or bacteria under a microscope, it moved fluidly. It was truly one of the most unique and beautiful things that I have ever seen.I felt an intense euphoria as I watched the motions within the light swirling about in slow motion. Just incredible sight. Very hypnotic, and calming. I do not know how long I stood there, it didn't seem like long but I was utterly entranced so who knows. After awhile the light went out with the same metalic sound, just blinked off. And immediately the ship began to move again, but in no more a hurry than it had been in coming and that basso profundo sound was back. I don't remember moving from the spot, I remember thinking I should run and get my husband so he could see this but I didn't do that and I cannot explain why, at least not until the ship had just p! ast the trees on the other side of our house. Then I ran into my house and tried to wake my husband up, which was a bit of a feat, and then he refused to go outside to see as this thing had not gotten far away by then, but he refused to go even tho he could hear the sound it mad. His sister who was visiting also did not wake up. After this my life turneds upside down as I began a feverish research into all kinds of things I had never been interested in before. My life has never been the same. After the incident I called up and reported the sighting to Beale Air Force base and inquired about the possibility of them having such a craft which they assured me that had not. Years later I was recounting the incident to a friend when my son of 17 walked thru the door and said Oh, I remember that mom, I was watching from my window in the bedroom. Well he was barely 2 when this happend and I had never told him about it. But before I could get into the rest of the description he filled in the blanks with having seen the white light all around me and how it danced with rainbows and seeing me just stand there for the longest time staring at it, and then it going out and watching me watch it go. He saw all of that. It was a real shock to me...I mean I couldn'nt understand how a child of that age would remember such a thing, but he did. I have had other encounters, and many sightings, and strange phenomenon happen in my life, but this was one of the most life changing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.171451;-121.037745
Square lights moving across the sky.  ((Starlink satellites??));2021-03-24 06:10:00;30 seconds;Square lights moving across the sky Went out to feed the dogs and saw a series of square lights slowly moving across the sky from west to east or southwest to northeast.  Could not see any craft just about 10 square window shaped lights that were all next to each other in a horizontal line (single craft) moving across the sky.  I walked about 20 feet while looking at it thinking it could be a glare off something . It Did not change speed or direction.  Dissappeared behind some trees.  Was a couple miles away from me over Chicago Park, Colfax area.  Checking my security camera when I get home to see if it caught anything;39.171451;-121.037745
