UFO spotted over Gwinnett county metallic sphere surrounded by three or four smaller spheres which were rotating around the center.;2002-08-28 19:00:00;Five minutes;UFO spotted over Gwinnett county metallic sphere surrounded by three or four smaller spheres which were rotating around the center. I was sitting on my back patio looking south at 7:00 p.m. on 8/28/02.  I glanced up (about 60 degrees)and spotted a bright light in the sky.  It was still very much daylight, and I thought to myself that I might be looking at Venus, which is certainly bright enough at times to be visible during the day I thought this because the object was motionless.  However, upon further consideration I realized that Venus would be much lower in the sky by that time, so I reached inside my sliding glass door and grabbed my binoculars which I keep close by to look at the planes making their final approach to Hartsfield Airport.  It is difficult to say at what altitude the craft was hovering but since I could see no detail with the naked eye I am going to estimate that the craft was at about 10,000 feet) When I centered the object and focused, I saw what looked to be a metallic sphere surrounded (seemingly attached) by three or four smaller spheres which were rotating around the larger, center sphere (imagine a basketball surrounded by three or four bowling balls).  The object drifted slowly to the west, but definitely under control, not at all like a balloon caught in the wind -- it was a very windy day at least at ground level but the object drifted only about two hand lengths during the five minute or so time span that I watched it.  As well as drifting to the west, the object also drifted higher.  The longer I watched it, the less detail I saw.  I finally lost the object after watching it for about five minutes.  At no time did I see any type of contrail or evidence of propulsion.  A bit later (two or three minutes) I did spot a plane which looked to be flying toward where I last saw the object (very high and extremely small) but I could never quite center the plane in my binoculars and soon lost sight -- I was interested in seeing what kind of plane it was.;34.0409;-84.0237000000021
