bright pulsating disk, appeared to fall from sky then stopped, hovered and moved north out of sight.;2008-03-08 01:15:00;3 minutes;bright pulsating disk, appeared to fall from sky then stopped, hovered and moved north out of sight. While on my back porch at 1:15am march 8, 2008, a bright star looking object came falling down from the sky with the appearance of a meteor but without the tracer fire that would typically follow. The object then came to a gentle stop at what appeared to be maybe a couple thousand feet up at maybe two or three miles northwest of my house. I instantly grabbed the binoculars and got my wifes attention. Now that the object is stopped it begins to shine red, blue and white but not like a plane. It was changing colors rapidly and it was twice as bright as a plane and the whole object was lit up. As I looked through the binoculars I could clearly see a disk shaped light with very distinct edges. (It looked round to the naked eye.) My wife agreed when she looked at the object. The ufo then began moving gradually to the north and dropped down behind some trees out of our sight. That was the last we saw of the ufo. Our house is in a flight path from dallas so we see planes all night long. My wife and I can assure you this was niether a plane, helicopter or balloon.(blimp) The brightness of this object was such that surly others must have experienced it as well. I hope this is helpful and hope to here other reports.;32.7495106382979;-96.2576787234043
Strange Gray Disk Hovering then shooting up and disappearing..;2021-05-04 07:35:00;5-10 minutes;Strange Gray Disk Hovering then shooting up and disappearing.. Good Morning,  Approximately 7:35am to 7:40am I was alerted by my daughter of something strange in the sky. Followed by my son who ran inside to tell me to come outside.  I looked up into the sky to see a strange gray disc like object that was not moving. Just suspended in the air. I saw some of the kids on the bus get out with their phones up and even the bus driver was looking out of his driver side window. I’m not sure if any of the parents present saw it but at the time my phone was on the charger and my kids had theirs in their pocket.  I’m pretty sure if any of the kids with their phones up were recording it’s likely a TikTok by now or some other form of popular media as they’re all middle school to high school students. The object took off straight up until it disappeared. I have flown in airplanes, crop planes, and helicopters. I own two drones and have some expertise in maneuvers concerning aircraft dynamics, not to say I’m a scientist but I know enough to accurately state that with the knowledge I have now that no air craft can move that fast going upwards and disappear in literal seconds.  Also, the way this gray disc was hovering made me think it could be spinning slowly, may had some propulsion from either side. The skies are completely blue with hardly any clouds and the fact it didn’t have wings and remained stationary in the air seems suspect for a craft re-entering Earth’s atmosphere and is not a balloon or other helium or gas powered object. This was perfectly still except for the small side to side swaying that was almost too precise to be called anything other than stabilizing in the jet stream.  The fact the craft or whatever it was had been able to shoot straight up without moving forward, backwards, or to the side seems impractical. I cannot think of anything else that I know about which can achieve rapid acceleration almost as if breaching the stratosphere and into what I can only speculate is outer space.  I called the local non emergency line and was told I’m not the first to report it but it’s likely a military craft or a science project from something.  I don’t know what else to say about this except I am confused and confounded by what I saw.  What all of us witnessed, honestly. Wish I could be of more assistance.;32.7495106382979;-96.2576787234043
