One ship, 3 lights, flies over head and disappears behind treeline.;2011-08-15 01:00:00;2 minutes;One ship, 3 lights, flies over head and disappears behind treeline. First and foremost, thank you, for letting me get this off my chest.  What I saw on this night, as with any other u.f.o. witness, left me changed, I saw something I couldn't unsee, and you know we are treated when we speak out to others who don't understand.  I've felt alone for so long because of this, despite this event causing me to delve deep into understanding myself, my soul, and how we are all connected with the universe.   Every night now, every night, I look at the stars, wondering, wishing for another appearance, a sign to remind me that I am not insane. I know I am not, however, this doesn't dissolve my feelings of anxiety. Sadness that something I know I saw with my own two eyes, something so massive, was hardly spoken about with sincerety among regular people.  By speaking to them about it, I often become an outcast, a freak. They think I say these things because I want the attention.  Why would someone want to fake feeling this? Why would I persist a! bout what I saw years after it happened, why continue with such enthusiasm about it?  Why would someone who was lying go on for so long.  Anyone with genuine reason would understand. I speak my pain, I have much of it. Not only have I had this one encounter, I have had several over the years, this one being the first and most significant for obvious reasons. My anguish, anxiety, and sadness have finally provoked me to try to tell this to anyone who will listen seriously.  This may never be read. maybe not for a long time, but at least I know this is a genuine attempt to record these happenings.  I thank you so much for what you do.  I am strong enough to continue with my life, but I just need to get this off my chest. The encounter started on a warm summer night in Terrell, Texas.  I was working the night shift at the Walmart there, and I was on my way home.  I always took the same route every night. A backroads country town route, quite scenic, and I was extremely familiar with my way home and my surroundings.  Most nights, I would ride with the music blasting, I was 20 at the time, young, wild and looking for adventure, on this night however, I wouldn't understand what I would see.  There's a road, that you take from Terrell, to Kaufman, and along the way, you can choose to go towards Forney, a three way divide.  The road is Highway 148, I would turn on to 987 toward Kaufman that night. As I approached the split, from about 3/4's of a mile out, I faced directly the spot where I would see the ship, driving at about 55 mph.  There was only one other car on the road that late, and I still wonder if they happened to look up and see what I saw, but as I came to a stop in the middle of the road to watch what was happening above me, the car drove on like nothing had occured. I've learned that some people are simply more keen and aware of these events than other's, however I now wish they had stopped with me, so I'd know someone else saw it.   So, as i approached the divide, I was jamming out to music, still paying attention to the road, and as I'm looking ahead to see if anyone was coming from either direction, since I needed to turn left, I notice a very peculiar, bright light.  By my estimation, it was a good 40 feet off the ground, probably more. then another 50 feet or more higher, was another bright white light, and then another at another 50 feet high above the! last.  The three, aligned straight up and down, vertically.  At first, it looked to me like a cell phone tower, but then i realized, I hadn't seen any construction crews in the area over the last few days, there was no way it was a tower, with that realization, I was shocked. so shocked that I started to slow down with the other car behind me. I turned onto the yellow median  that you would use to turn onto 987, to get out of his way, a part of me wondering if he would slow down as well. As I got closer to the intersection, to my amazement, the lights started moving in perfect unison, toward me.  As they got closer, I had to stick my head closer to the windshield to look above me, and then outside the door window. As I approached, the lights slowly went into a horizontal  position, and as I got under it, I could make out a faint outline of the ship, I could see lights were defintely not suspended on their own, they were on something very long and narrow, and as it got horizontal, it started moving quicker, completely smoothly, with absolutely no sound, no chopper noise, no jet sounds, nothing. It kept turning to my right, towards, Forney, and in the direction of Dallas, slowly but now moving along nicely. At this point I was out of my car and in the middle of the road. The other car had left, and I had stayed, the! ship eventually disappeared behind a tree line. Now, I wish I had had the wherewith of it all, to chase it down and try to get footage, but alas, I was in complete shock wondering what the hell this thing was. It looked like no plane I had ever seen before, and no jet I had seen pictures of. Immediately after, I called my buddy from the Marines, to tell him what I saw, hoping he would have an answer, he didn't. That was the last I saw of that ship, despite having other encounters, I never saw one that looked like that again. This all occured with in 3 minutes, I feel like when it realized I had spotted it, it's cover was blown and it just wanted to disappear. My question is why was I able to see it. and the other driver just kept going? Maybe they were looking at their phone at the time, I don't know. Of all the experiences I've had, that one takes the cake, I find it amazing how big the thing was, yet having read articles about the Battle of Los Angeles, and the Phoenix lights, I know there are ships much more massive than what I saw, which puts me at ease a bit. To know dozens, if not hundreds or thouands of people saw something bigger than I did. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));32.7495106382979;-96.2576787234043
