Orangey-red Glowing UFO  with doorway spotted landed on the ground at the PSU Deer Pens facility in the early 1990s.;2002-02-15 23:00:00;~1-2 mins;Orangey-red Glowing UFO  with doorway spotted landed on the ground at the PSU Deer Pens facility in the early 1990s. I saw this UFO a long time ago, but did not think to report it until now.  I don't recall exactly when I saw the UFO, but it was some time in the winter months of either 1992 or 1993. I was with my husband, Michael (who was my boyfriend at the time of the sighting), late one evening.  I was a student of Pennsylvania State University at the time.  Michael was a graduate of Penn State and was visiting me for the weekend at the time.  Penn State had an area in its vast grounds commonly called the Deer Pens which is part of its Deer Research Facility. Late that evening, perhaps roughly around 11:00 pm, though I don't recall the exact time, we decided to go up to the deer pens and see what we can see at night, even though it was pitch black out at the time.  Call us crazy college students.  Anyway, we went up there driving in Michael's car, and the place is deserted.  The deer pens themselves are surrounded by a tall chain-link fence to contain the deer, and the inside the fenced area is off-limits to the public and accessible only to the deer researchers and the deer themselves. The access road (dirt and gravel road) we were on was just outside the fence.  As we drove up to the central part of the deer pens viewing area, we noticed a glowing object on the ground inside the deer pen.  The object was roughly the size of a small barn or very large storage shed.  However, the object's shape was like a rounded cone shape.  The whole thing was glowing a bright orangey-red color, and appeared to have a doorway in the center of the object.  The doorway was shaped in a vertical rectangular shape that was arched at the top.  The doorway, or opening perhaps, was colored black or was simply darkened.  The object appeared to be sitting on the ground inside the deer pen, and was located perhaps 100 ft away from us in a clearing of the woods.  We sat there in the car peering at this object in disbelief for a long minute or so, wondering what in the world it was.  We both quickly came to the realization that we might be looking at a landed UFO or some sort, and became freaked out.  We then fleed the area as quickly as we could by backing out down the access road in our car.  After we left the scene, we did not see anything else that night out of the ordinary.  The following morning, we went back to the site to check and make sure there wasn't some strange building on-site in the pens that would explain it all and make sense to us in the morning daylight.  When we arrived at the site, there was no buildings or structures of any kind in the deer pen, only deer and trees.  The was a clearing in the trees in the area where we saw the ULO (Unidentified Landed Object) large enough to contain the ULO, but no sign that anything had been there the night prior. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.7957;-77.8618
