Flying Unidentified Black Pyramid.;2006-02-06 05:00:00;1 hour;Flying Unidentified Black Pyramid. 	I woke up to a strange light on my chest and began to faint right when I woke up.  Looking at the footboard there were three figures that I knew were solid real physical in the realm life forms.  When I woke up I ran to the backyard and looked at the sky and there it was.  	A black pyramid floating in the sky was moving very slow as in the form of flying and floating since it didn’t zip through the sky I watched it until it floated over the horizon then I ran into the house and went to my room listening to the sound of silence.  Nothing made noise and it had seemed that the entire planet was asleep until I realized that it was sneaking over the horizon with the sounds of screams breaking out and the pyramid deflecting the sounds until it was quiet.  In my room hoping I was unnoticed a running transparent life form wrestled with me until I was able to grab a knife and fought until it ran away.  	I was injured when I went to stab it and I lost control of the knife and it got lodged in my kneecap.  Bandaging my wound I went to the front yard without waking anyone up in my house since I hoped that my house was under their radar and being the witness of a probable vessel had just passed by there was no compromising my family since I don’t know how well the recovery would have been.  Opening the front door I witnessed a red helicopter pulling a rope up and then it flew away.   Moving back into the house my parents walked up to me looked at me and said I needed to go to the hospital since I looked crazy to them however I didn’t want to tell them what had just happened since something could and possibly would have caused harm.  At the hospital I was given a pill which put me to sleep and I decline to openly speak to people about it since I believe there is a reason to respectfully remain silent until a professional approaches to prove the floating black pyramid exists. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.5889999999999;-122.0461
