Flashing multi-colored lights appear to be in triangle shape form hovered for 45 mins then disappeared.;2010-05-25 23:00:00;45 minutes;Flashing multi-colored lights appear to be in triangle shape form hovered for 45 mins then disappeared. I was sitting on the back patio with my husband as we do nightly.  In the Northwestern sky I stared at a light that was flashing looked to be a constant white and red.  I then pointed it out to my husband, at which point we noticed there was a triangle shape of two additional bright, flashing lights. I went inside to get some binnoculars to get a better look of the image.  When I returned the brighter light of the three I initially saw now was a constant white with a red flash on the left of the light, green flash to the right and the occasional yellow/ orange flash.  There was at times a set pattern and at other times no noticeable pattern.  About 15 minutes into the phenomenom there was a sudden brilliant blue almost indigo light that emitted and the object moved slightly up vertically.  The object then went back to the original light flashing of alternating the multi-color flashing. It was at this point I called my sisters that live roughly 3 miles away to see if the could see these lights.  I called neighbors to see if they too, were still awake and could see.  All that I was able to get a hold of, confirmed that they too saw what we were seeing.  My sisters stated that they could see 2 additional triangular shaped flashing lights of 3 in two different groups.  We looked to the southern sky and could immediately see two more triangle shapes with the same flashing.  Those were further out than the original that was still staying in the same place. We live just south of Louisville which is a huge UPS hub, roughly 11pm is a very major time for a lot of incoming airplanes.  All of these planes didn't appear to react in anyway to the flashing lights.  It also helped give us an estimate to the altitude, the planes were much higher.  The flashing lights were just above the tree line from our patio. Tried on multiple occasions to use a camera to photograph but all we had was an iPhone camera which isn't of good quality and couldn't pick up anything on the image.  We drove closer to where we thought the light was directly overhead to get a picture but could never get a decent quality shot.  When we came back home the original flashing light was much dimmer and had moved quite some distance away.  While watching it, faintly in the night sky I watched as it appeared to zip over to the other two points of its triange shape and then all three immediately disappeared. It was a fairly clear night, tons of stars out etc, but in the triangle masses there was nothing but pitch black.  No stars inbetween or clouds.  I believe.;38.0463;-85.5608000000001
