I was driving West on NY state I88 when I spotted a UFO in the shape of a disk/saucer hovering above a field. It was silver/gray with b;2004-12-05 21:35:00;2 mins;I was driving West on NY state I88 when I spotted a UFO in the shape of a disk/saucer hovering above a field. It was silver/gray with blinking orange/yellow lights evenly spaced all the way around it. It was about 8 stories above the ground. There were no houses/buildings anywhere in the immediate area. It did not appear to move at all, just hover. The vehicle immediately behind me turned his lights off, back on, then turned his high beams on several times, flashing me to get my attention I assume. I slowed down to get a good look at the object but did not stop, as I was alone with my 3yr old son. I arrived home about 10 minutes later & told my boyfriend what I had seen, and we got back in the car with our DVcamcorder and went looking for it. I backtracked and was able to locate the field where I saw it, but it was not present. We drove a way in both directions to see if it had moved, but did not see anything.;42.3119999999999;-75.4894
Saucer flies straight towards us slowly from 45 degree angle down, zooms quickly straight backwards at same angle;2005-10-09 23:00:00;3 minutes;Saucer flies straight towards us slowly from 45 degree angle down, zooms quickly straight backwards at same angle I was with a friend and we had just gotten home from her family reunion.  It was about 11 PM so it was dark out.  Her Dad walked inside ahead of us and her and I both stopped and looked up (I don't know why because we didn't hear nor see anything to make us turn).  Above her barn was this bright light, like a sliver in the sky.  I had no idea what it was.  As we stared at it, it very slowly got bigger and bigger.  It was very hard to tell how far away it was in correlation to its size because it glowed in the strangest way.  It didn't blink nor did it have lights that I could see.  More like it was just made of light.  The shape was like a smooshed football, kind of like () if it were horizontal and thinner.   It seemed to me like it was right in front/above us, it started out small above her barn then got very large as it traveled straight towards us, and due to it coming straight towards us like that it seemed like it grew in size (it didn't grow in size it was just the illusion).   It hovered in front of us for a little while and after a minute or so this thing zoomed straight backwards so far it disappeared/was too small to see anymore. Like this thing zoomed back and blinked out of existence.  The speed it zoomed back and how far away it got was like nothing I've ever seen before.   While I watched this scene, I was awestruck, I didn't feel anything at all, just watched it with no emotion.  I'm a very scared/cautious person, but I just stood there and watched this with no feelings towards it whatsoever. Once it disappeared my friend turned towards me and said, Did you see that?!.  I replied, Oh thank god you saw it too!.   We proceeded to go inside and tell her father and he said, Oh you crazy girls, you have quite the imaginations!.  Which made me angry because I needed validation after such a sight.   We went upstairs to go to bed and she just falls right asleep before she even hits the pillow!  I was up ALL night and waited for the sun to rise before I could even close my eyes.  I was scared to death of looking out the windows but also of NOT looking out the windows.  It was a very nerve wracking night for me with plenty of hiding under the blankets and being too scared to move. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.3119999999999;-75.4894
