Triangle UFO, two airplanes, other UFO, two trails away from triangle UFO;2015-08-21 23:45:00;3-5 hours;Triangle UFO, two airplanes, other UFO, two trails away from triangle UFO I went to the hammock to talk on the phone.  I saw a light and when I looked I thought I saw a triangle shape.  I assumed my eyes were playing a trick on me when it seemed to move but soon it was over my head and the bottom two lights also turned on.  It circled me a few times before returning to it original spot where one of the stars started to blink, making me think there was another craft.  The ship then turned off it's bottom lights and an airplane flew directly over it and left.  The triangle then moved a few inches to the left each time it moved as if it were trying not to be noticed.  A light that seemed low to the ground passed over me.  I thought it may be a comet or something and then a few minutes lasted it came back in the opposite direction.  Another plane flew over the triangle and left.  The triangle then moved over me again and seemed to circle my head. I went to my car and was on the other side of my house, on the phone.  I then saw the triangle near my bedroom, pointing towards me.  The lights flickered in a pattern and I started to feel overwhelmed and started crying.  I'd seen this craft many times out my window and as a kid but I simply dismissed it as me being crazy all but one time.  And that time I assumed it was a government graft or something to calm myself down.  When I went inside my phone call dropped.  My friend tried to call back and I didn't answer as it didn't show I had a call.  I called them as they called again and they went on my voicemail and had to hang up and call again.  Later, I saw the craft outside my window and closed the blinds.  My friend in Vermont then got scared because their computer randomly turned on. At one point I felt nervous and told them to look out the window.  The next thing I know they're muttering things I can't understand, giving me details about unknown assailants and coordinates.  They claimed to have a headache and not remembering the 15-20 minute conversation afterwards.  I have no idea if they have ptsd and me telling them to look set it off, if they were messing with me or if there was a connection between the craft I saw and their meltdown.;40.406;-91.3997
