Unbelievable noise, perfect triangular formation of lights, on a dark overcast night.;2016-05-24 02:04:00;10 minutes;Unbelievable noise, perfect triangular formation of lights, on a dark overcast night. On 05/24/16 at 2:04AM, I was wide awake reading the news of the day on my cell phone, when suddenly I proceeded to hear an oncoming sound that was rapidly increasing in volume.  This noise was so distinct that I could make out the direction of travel from inside my home.  The increase in volume became extreme in a matter of seconds to where I was expecting to see lights before actual impact.  The reason I say lights is because I live very high up on a hill and the only thing that could be that high would have to be an aircraft.   The problem was that the unbelievably intense sound that I heard was that of what a semi truck would make when it gears down, not that of an aircraft. The moment I was sure of impending impact, everything became silent.  My first reaction was a commercial plane just buzzed my house and it was way too close.  I was mad enough to where I looked out my large window into the overcast darkness to get a visual of this plane.  What I saw was a large white light appearing in my window while slowly moving until it disappeared from view due to the window frame.   All of a sudden I see a second large white light now appearing in my window where the previous light had been  before it moved out of my sight.  I  thought that it must of been two planes that buzzed my house and made the noise I heard.  I got up and walked to the window to get a look at the source of my anger when I realized that not only was there two white lights, but a large steady red light that had been out of sight because of my window. These three lights made an absolute perfect triangular shape in the sky.  So precise was the formation that I was searching to see the body of what was holding these lights in such perfect form.  I could see nothing except these three lights.  There was no solid body, blinking lights, noise, straying out of the formation, nothing.  I stood in awe due to the perfection of the formation as it slowly started to disappear heading North over the tree line.  I did not leave the window but watched until all I could see were the trees. I had to have some kind of affirmation that I was not alone in what had just happened, so I called 911 asking if anyone had called in due to hearing an unbelievably loud noise.  I knew there was no possibility a person could of not heard what I had.  The operator told me that there had been no reports of such a noise and then asked me what had happened.  After I explained what I had experienced, she gave me the phone number of the Washington State UFO Center and also the Air Force Base located outside Seattle, WA.  I then called my husband who had been at work and told him what had happened. The next day I called the UFO Center and was instructed to document my experience.  Since I did not have internet access up and running yet, I told the UFO Center that I would as soon as I am able.  I also proceeded to call the Air Force, wanting to see if they had a report of anything  unusual.  I was told someone would look into it and get back to me.  A day later I received a call informing me that the Base had 3 Black Hawk Helicopters flying over my area on the same day around the same time frame of my experience.  What is interesting is that 2 weeks after my incident happened, my husband found on the internet that on the same day of my sighting there were 2 other sightings in different locations of 3 solid lights in triangular form moving North.;46.0112;-122.8166
