Around dusk, Istood outside of my home, and observed a light in the sky. During the time it took me to smoke a cigarette, this object c;1991-07-07 21:50:00;15-20 minutes;Around dusk, Istood outside of my home, and observed a light in the sky.  During the time it took me to smoke a cigarette, this object came to within 75-100ft of the roof of the neighborhood homes, and was on a path that would take it directly above me.  AS it passed over my head I could see tat it was triangular in shape, with three lights (one at each corner).  It was almost completeley silent with the exception of a low humm.   Shortly after it passed over me it changed direction abrubtly and instantly made a slight course adjustment.  From what I obseved this object was not beholden to known principles of flight.  It traveled at I would estimate 3-5 Mph., it's turn was the most baffling becuse the objects speed remained a constant and as the object itsef rotated to the right its direction simultaneousley changed, there was absoluteley no delay between turn and direction change!  It was about 50ft across and had windows.  As the object left going south in the distance I turned and noticed another light where I had originally saw the first object.   I waited to see what this new object was and to my surprise it was an identical triangular object, identicle path and trajectory as well as speed.  The weirest part of the sighting to me was that the second object turned at the exact same point,at the exact same angle (vector)and the exact same speed of 3-5 mph.!!!   These triangles that I saw definately were not reliant upon any air flow for flight. Definately had the feeling they could be man made.  Not too sure but I think there are/were Air Force bases near there point of origin. (weymouth) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.1303;-71.0441
Slow moving light over Avon Massachusetts;2020-10-22 04:45:00;5 minutes;Slow moving light over Avon Massachusetts On my way to work this morning at about 4:30am as I was exiting rt24 exit 19b in Avon Massachusetts I looked up and saw a bright light. As it came into focus it was the shape of a triangle. It appeared to look like it was a triangular shape white neon tube. It was moving very slowly in an Eastern direction. I immediately slowed and observed. As cars built up behind me I continued off the exit ramp and then turned to see if I could see it and it was nowhere to be found. The whole time I was thinking that I needed to take a picture but for some reason there was some block that physically prevented me from doing this. I am disappointed in myself for not overcoming this and getting out the camera. I feel that the inability to get my camera out was the strangest part. I've never felt like that before.;42.1303;-71.0441
