Streak of light then object moved across the sky;2008-12-18 17:00:00;less than 5 minutes;Streak of light then object moved across the sky I was driving south on Prosperity Farms Rd when something appeared in the sky to the southeast. It looked as if something was entering the Earth’s atmosphere. It was a bright green “streak” and it disappeared from my view behind some trees and buildings. As I continued to drive down the road (and be amazed by what I saw) I noticed a black object in the sky coming from the direction of where I lost sight of the “green streak”. The black object continued to move in a westward direction. I arrived at a stoplight and kept watching as the black object slowly moved across the sky towards the west until I could no longer see it behind trees and buildings. When the object was straight ahead of my view, it looked to be a blackish/grayish color with a little red at the back of the object. Here are a couple of things that I am unsure of: It may have had something hanging from the bottom of it with a ball shape in the middle of the hanging “line”. I was really trying to get a good look at it, but unfortunately was still driving a car and couldn't focus on it that well. It may have even been moving to the side left to right-right to left a little, just the front of the object (from my view it seemed like it). When I arrived home, I rushed inside to write down all that had just happened. My little sister suggested that it may have been a balloon, but I do not believe that a balloon could move across the sky the way that this object did. We went outside to see if we could find any trace of it but couldn't. The only thing that we noticed was towards the west we saw a stream of smoke which looked like the remnants of an airplane passing through. Later that night, on the News, there were people reporting sightings of fireballs in the sky and there was a photo of a stream of smoke which was left behind by the “fireball”. It was reported that it was probably a bolide or fireball from a meteor shower. The streak that I saw did not leave a trail of smoke behind it and a later did see the trail of smoke but it was to the west/southwest direction.;26.8286;-80.0587
