This object was not projecting light forward.  It was making no sounds of any kind and when it moved from west to the east it wasn’t a;2009-07-20 22:00:00;17 minutes;Please note that my knowledge of flying aircraft is enough to be able to clearly identify most military aircraft openly used, commercial aircraft for air cargo/passenger usage, private aircraft, and kit /ultralight  aircraft used openly today.  Having said that, what I and two other people, saw last night was clearly a UFO as it’s flight characteristics, shape, engine, and course defies normal know aircraft.  Also note that  I’m former military, Commercial Law Enforcement, and of sound mind and body with Pilot vision with corrective glasses on (I was warring my new prescription glasses).   The below state of events is true and factual to the best of my knowledge. The tempture in Yamhill County during the day was in the lower 90’s and where I live about 3 miles north of the town of Yamhill on State Hwy 47 the wind was picking up and I decided to go outside and let the dogs play and water some plants, a new maple tree, and some rose bushes while letting the house cool down for the night.   I had just completed watering the tree, my landlord's son had some guest come by earlier and they were leaving.  As they were leaving I walked to the west corner of the front porch and began to water the rose bush.  It was a beautiful night, not a cloud in the sky and all the stars were shinning bright.  I looked up and toward the west hills of the small valley where I live and saw a bright white sphere shaped object moving across the sky at a low altitude and making no sound.   Now you have to understand aircraft of all types fly over the house all the time and some at low altitude and in all directions.  I’m close to the McMinnville Airport, Port of Portland Hillsboro Airport which can both handle jet liners (up to 747-100 @ McMinnville and  757 @ Hillsboro)  plus the house is on the glide path for final at the Portland International Airport.  I can see their tail markings without the use of binoculars.   When the jets come in on a PDX vector it’s south to north and their landing lights are on and at night the lights project forward.   This object was not projecting light forward.  It was making no sounds of any kind and when it moved from west to the east it wasn’t a smooth glide it was jagged.  I stepped back as it started across the house so I could get a better look.  I kept saying, “ what the hell is that thing.”  I called out for landlord’s son as loud as I could. When he came out of his home I just said,  “ look . . . . . . . . !” and point up in the sky at the object. I then said, “ listen . . . . . . no sound.”  He agree and about a that time is when his wife came out to see what all the commotion was about and he pointed up and said, “look at this.”  His wife said, “ It’s not flying to straight is it?” I replied , “no it’s not.” Now the object was not flying over the house, north of the home.  Within a few minutes the craft was over my landlord's son’s house and still heading east.  This is when I notice a regular aircraft, flying higher than the object (at least 10,000 feet higher) and in the same direction and that gave me some distance reference and scale as that aircraft was at about 33,000 feet or higher and the object was much lower than that.  Still moving without sound and in a jagged direction, the object cleared the landlord's son’s home and was heading of the west hills of this small valley.   As it crossed over it disappeared (vanished) with out any type of marker lights from behind it.  I stood there with the landlord’s son and we where comparing what we had seen.   That’s when I became scared for the first time sense the death of my wife.  My thoughts are one of come up with some kind of logical kind of answer to what I just saw. If I saw what I think I saw . . . . . . . . it’s not real . . . . . . is it?  What if it comes back?  I stayed out side looking up for about a half hour and then it dawned on me to call the police non emergency line and report what I had seen.  I called Yamhill County  Communication Center (YCOM) and he contacted a sheriff’s Deputy and he in turned called me and left a message with y! our (National UFO Reporting Center) phone number as he didn’t know how the handle such a report.  Called National UFO Reporting Center and left a message on your service and request a investigator to contact me with respect to the above.;45.3337;-123.2048
