High altitude amber balls of light move across sky then appear to leave atmosphere above Bonita Springs, FL.;2010-03-13 20:10:00;5-8 minutes;High altitude amber balls of light move across sky then appear to leave atmosphere above Bonita Springs, FL. I am a 20-year-old college student, and I live in Bonita Springs, FL. I work as a waiter and a carpenter and go to school as well. I understand the skepticism regarding UFOs. I accept the existence of aliens as extremely likely, but I recognize that there are people who misidentify things they see or falsify reports for attention or other personal gains. This is where my skepticism lies not in the subject of UFOs, but those who report them. This may seem ironic as I myself am reporting a sighting, but my hope is that this report will not be disregarded. I have neither a desire nor motive to claim to see something I did not.  That being said, I do wear contact lenses and had them in during the sighting. I was not under the influence of alcohol, tobacco, or any other drug with the exception of caffeine as I had a cup of coffee about ten minutes before the sighting occurred. What I witnessed occurred for approximately five minutes at 8:10 pm in the eastern sky. There was not a cloud in the sky and the stars were visible in all directions.  At about 8:00 pm I finished my cup of coffee and then took my dog for a walk. A couple of minutes into my walk, I saw a shooting star in the southern sky as I was about to turn left (to the east) onto another street. This got my attention, and I began to observe the night sky in hopes of possibly seeing another.  Now heading east, I continued walking, periodically scanning the sky. It was after another few minutes that I first noticed an amber ball of light, which struck me as being at a very high altitude, moving from south to north across the sky. It was about 45 degrees above the horizon at first, but then it turned to the east while slowly climbing degree by degree above the horizon, getting smaller and smaller. It appeared to me that this light had turned away from me and was gaining more and more altitude. It began to twinkle, much like a star, as it got smaller and smaller until I could no longer see it.  I continued walking east down the street and checking the area of the sky for another minute until I reached the point at which I normally turn around. Seeing nothing where the light was, I turned around and began walking to the west. About a minute later I stopped and turned around and looked to the area of the sky where I had seen the amber speck of light. I observed a second moving in the same south to north fashion as the first at about the altitude. I watched it briefly until a car was coming and I turned back around. A few seconds later looked back again and could not locate the light which I attribute to a nearby street light. I continued walking west.  I checked the sky over my shoulder three more times as I walked, and on the third scan I saw a third light. It too was the same amber color as the first two, but it was moving away from me to the east, and climbing degree by degree above the horizon as it did so. I feel this was a spate light from the second as this one was more to the right (south) in the sky than the first two were. Again my impression was that this light was both gaining altitude and moving away from me, getting smaller and smaller.  There was no street light nearby, so I was able to observe this light for the longest before I could no longer see it. As it got very small, it emitted a single pulse of white light which was much larger and more intense than the amber ball itself. The ball then rapidly became extremely tiny in the sky, twinkling until I could see it off and on for a short while then not at all.  Only after the balls were gone did I notice other aircraft flying in the sky, mainly because this is when I looked for them. I saw several, all much closer to the horizon than the amber balls were, and they were all equipped with strobe and running lights. Three in particular caught my attention. They were headed to the east and appeared to by flying in a widely spaced diagonal line formation. Whether or not they were military I do not know, but that was my initial impression.  These balls of amber lights and the pulse of white light emitted by one are beyond my identification. I do not believe they were ball lightning as the sky was perfectly clear. My theory is that the lights I observed were those given off by the method of propulsion used by alien craft. This is only my best guess however, and while I do realize there may be other explanations, I could not think of one that fits to what I saw.;26.3701848484849;-81.7513020202021
