We saw a bright orange, silent orb travelling quickly N.  It went about a quarter mi. then disappeared.;2017-08-05 21:30:00;5 minutes;My boyfriend and I saw a bright orange, silent orb travelling quickly North.  It went about a quarter mile then disappeared.  It reappeared briefly then vanished.;40.7095;-73.2966
Two bright red -orange centers fly over Long Island. Disappeared within minutes of each other after traveling north.;2020-09-26 23:10:00;3-5 minutes;Two bright red -orange centers fly over Long Island. Disappeared within minutes of each other after traveling north. I came outside to gauge the weather to see if the sky cleared, as it was overcast earlier, it was now a solid grey high ceiling with not even a breeze or gust of wind. The overcast provided bright gray backdrop which the red/orange circles stood out against. I immediately noticed two red lights with orange centers heading north. No sound was heard from the objects moving relatively fast similar to a plane but not as fast as one. The two separate circles which appeared a meter apart from my point of view on the ground. Initially, I thought it was a reflection on my glasses but it wasn't as they were around my neck. I observed and noted that these objects were definitely not our usual airplanes.  Living on Long Island the flights, currently, fly low across Long Island east to west on the south shore heading to Kennedy or LaGuardia. Normal commercial flights that travel south (up the coast) north across Long Island, as the 2 orange circles did, but at a higher altitude as they are heading towards Connecticut using Robert Moses water tower as a landmark to cross Long Island. The red orange circles followed a similar path but on a slight angle no greater than 10° west at a lower altitude. There was absolutely no engine sound or buzz from a drone which our neighbors fly frequently. I put my glasses on and by the time I looked up one had disappeared maybe 20 seconds. The overall distance covered was at best estimate was somewhere between Montauk Hgw and Union Blvd past Southern State. I don't believe it reached Long Island Expressway before the second one just disappeared. After, September 11, the sky above Long Island was constantly monitored by our military. There were similarly spaced however these apoeared side by side not the usual one aircraft leading. Depending on the direction some of those aircrafts appeared to have a solid red light but never in the path these 2 red orange circular objects traveled. It was not a long observation, a few minutes on a steady straight path, no sudden movements or jerks. The 1st one disappeared after about a minute the second disappeared within 2 minutes.;40.7095;-73.2966
