This was peculiar to say the least. We had just returned from a day trip to Fire Island and I was on my back porch (lived basically nex;1997-08-08 22:00:00;5 minutes;This was peculiar to say the least. We had just returned from a day trip to Fire Island and I was on my back porch (lived basically next to 231 a north / south traffic artery on long Island) and I noticed a very strange object flying about 40 or 50 feet off the ground north along the wooded area between my house and 231. It looked like a boomerang and was black and was moving at about 10 miles an hour. There were no jets, windows or lights. The wing was about 40 feet across, but the height (floor to ceiling) was only 4 feet. It seemed to flex a little at one point as if it were of a flexible material. It looked like and was moving horizontally like an aircraft though (not baloonlike). I told my wife to run in and get the video camera. It began to rise vertically quite rapidly at that point. By the time my wife got the camera (abot one minute) it was at about 3000 feet. I began filming the wing. A commercial jet flew past, and it kept rising vertically until it disappeared straight up. The video ran out of batteries before it disappeared completely out of sight. I have seen stealth fighters, as some have suggested this might have been but it was not like any of the ones I have ever seen or read about. The object seemed to turn one wing slightly at one point so it did not appear to be a completely rigid object. Are there man made objects that can behave like this? We have no idea what it might have been. I have not seen the video in many years but if I had to it might be possible to locate it in some closet but this is not a guarantee. The video doesn't show much detail unfortunately anyway because the sky is bright behind it and the bommerang object is fairly small in the image because it had risen to such an altitude by the time I had the camera running.;40.7095;-73.2966
Large black boomerang low to ground near my house;1998-08-28 19:00:00;5 minutes;large black boomerang low to ground near my house My closest enounter was at my old house in West Islip on long Island by rte 231. We lived along a backwater area full of trees that separated us from rte 231.  My wife, two kids, and I saw a black boomerang shaped craft move northward, silently in a very controlled straight line just along the tree tops at about as fast as a person would walk, actually caressing the tree tops on the eastern side of 231. It was still light out though heading into twilight. It then stopped about 40 feet from our house (just on the other side of the adjacent street) and hovered motionless for maybe 2 minutes, like it was parked. We watched it from our back porch.  I have 20 20 vision, and could see that there were fairly sharp angled surfaces that appeared to have a rough surface similar to velcro. This much reminded me of some known stealth technology, however there was no sign of any means of propulsion. It was about 40 or 50 feet across (wingspan) and about only 4 feet in heig! ht, not high enough for someone to stand, or hardly even sit - if it were manned a person would probably have to be lying down. I was trying to image how it was being flown.  Maybe it was unmanned?  There were no motors and no jets, no sound or light coming from it. It was all black. I told my wife to run in and get the video camera, and as she went in, it moved straight upward several thousand feet within a minute or two, by the time she returned. We turned on the video camera and captured about 30 seconds of video before the battery died, but by then it was thousands of feet up and it looks like some little black boomerang in the sky (and as a jet liner files past it, probably a few thousand feet above it, it flexed one of its wings while the other remained more or less stationary). Then it kept rising until it was out of sight. Having seen it up close I know it was not a balloon or some inflated thing, though it was apparently flexible to some extent. It was quite solid ap! pearing when close up. My 7 year old son actually exclaimed m! aybe the re are aliens inside!. I laughed a little nervously said, maybe, who knows?. At first I thought it might be one of ours, but I didn't think it would be very typical for a top secret ultra high tech craft to be flying around close to the ground in a residential neighborhood? Unfortunately I don't still have my video - I gave it to a friend where I used to work who was a 'ufo enthusiast' and who told me he had seen many ufos while living in Arizona as a kid. He had told me he had seen many spherical colored objects flying over their neighborhood at several thousand feet in broad daylight, often being chased by jets (in the 60s?). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.7095;-73.2966
