Sequence of bright white stationary lights appearing and disappearing, all in a horizontal row.;2008-07-31 21:30:00;5 minutes;Sequence of bright white stationary lights appearing and disappearing, all in a horizontal row. Last night (July 31, 2008) around 9:30pm central time, my husband and I witnessed very bright white lights in the distance ‘appear’ and then ‘disappear’ several times. These lights did not move at all.  First one – ‘on’, then ‘off’. (a minute or two pass)  Next one ‘on’, another ‘on’, then both ‘off’. (a minute or two pass as we stare into the night sky above the tree line)  Next one ‘on’, two ‘on’, three ‘on’ (all in a horizontal row evenly spaced) and then all ‘off’. (a minute or two pass)  Then, as I head into the house to get away from the mosquitos (!!), my husband says “one -- two…” so I quickly look back and see one-by-one, four more bright lights turn ‘on’ (closer together than before and more to the left, but still in a straight horizontal line). The six lights turned ‘on’ in sequence from right to left, and all at once, disappeared.  That was the end of our show for the night, but it reminded us of an evening a few years back. We had seen a simlar show, but much closer and much brighter. That night, they reminded me of the rectangle-shape of those bright lights at football games. But these were across the river from us and much higher than any lights would be. Our lights in the house flickered and my phone died while in the middle of telling my mom what we had seen, so I’d had to call her back. It was a similar sequence of light turning ‘on’ in a row, and then all at once, disappearing. If you weren’t looking right then, you’d easily miss it, because they were only lit for about 10 seconds or so.  We never expected to see anything like this again!  Our background:  interest in space, like watching NOVA, but that’s about it. Never imagined we’d see something like this -- feel like we can’t tell anyone, or they’ll think we’re crazy!;44.0397;-88.7523
