Two planet like shapes in close proximity that moved away, or disappeared, within a thirty second to one minute span.;2019-10-24 19:20:00;1 minute;Two planet like shapes in close proximity that moved away, or disappeared, within a thirty second to one minute span. For the record, my family and I just saw something extraordinary in the Southern California skies. We all had the same reaction— it was not normal. It was unidentified and it was flying. This occurred at roughly 19:30 pm on Friday, Oct 24, 2019. Sitting on our deck outside our West Hollywood townhouse, I looked up and saw what looked like two planets, close together.  I had never seen anything like this-- two planets, alone in the night sky in close proximity.  This was looking toward the south east. I thought it was a unique configuration of, perhaps, Mars and Venus.  I know very little about astronomy, but I knew this was unique. Very few stars were visible, largely because of urban lights.  But these two objects were piercing and bright, like a planet amid stars. I alerted this site to my wife ((wife's name deleted)) and sister ((sister's name deleted)). They saw the “planets.” As we watched, the planets suddenly began to disappear, or retreat. Specifically, the planet on the right side of the tight configuration began to fade first. Then the second “planet” to the left began to fade. They lost brightness in a thirty second to one minute span, disappearing into the sky in what seemed to be away in a direct line from our position toward outer space. We do not know if the objects were within the atmosphere or outside of it. I would say these very bright objects were roughly 45 degrees above the horizon in a direction from Holloway Drive in West Hollywood house toward the sky above Long Beach or thereabouts. This is a layman’s way of describing a direction that might be much different. We are a mentally stable family. We (three of us) are all certain we saw something extraordinary tonight. I hope others saw something similar and can corroborate our sighting. I have never seen anything like this, nor reported anything like this to any official or unofficial organization. We will never forget what happened a little more than an hour ago. Sincerely,  ((name deleted)) 310-((number deleted));34.0903758454105;-118.374831400967
