Moving star-like lights witnessed in early AM in sky over ruran massachusetts town;2002-12-09 04:20:00;4 hours;Moving star-like lights witnessed in early AM in sky over ruran massachusetts town I awoke from sleep early sunday morning and noticed what thought was a satilite crossing the sky through my bedroom window. I noticed it changed direction several times and continued to observed it for several minutes. I awoke my parents from sleep to bring it to their attention. After going out side i noticed several more spread across the whole horizon. They where noticably larger than stars. I watched them outside for a while and walked over to a neighbor who was up early preparing for a hunting trip to bring it to his attention as well. I observed sudden and fluid movments - darting, changing direction suddenly and circulare, and also moments of no movment. Also observed was one light that was considerably closer and lower elevation just off the horizon. The light from this was considerably more bright than the others, however movment from this one was limited. Additionally there seemed to be secondary lights of much higher elevation than all the others which had a redish hue to them, these lights seemed to be comparable in size and intensity to ambient stars and little movment was noticed of these. I called some local friends over to my house who observed these with me into the early morning and sun rise. After a time of observing - still durring the nite, a got a flash light from my house and flashed at the closest object as well as the others in math matical pratterns and progressions 1, 2, 3 flashes etc, also in series of square roots, and prime numbers, etc. After i had flashed for somtime movment from the objects slowed considerably and eventually haulted compleatly. The objects appeared to  grow farther in distance untill they were hardly disernable from other stars and faded into the sky with the sun rise. I attempted to persue the closest object in a truck with 3 of my friends by traveling country roads but the oject never appeared to get any closer. As the sun rose all of the other objects faded into the sky and even the largest object vanished into the morning sky as a faint silver spec.;42.101;-72.3231
