A 2.5 foot diameter disc shaped ufo disguised as the full moon suddenly moves to within inches of my face.;1976-07-01 20:00:00;2 MINUTES;A 2.5 foot diameter disc shaped ufo disguised as the full moon suddenly moves to within inches of my face. When I was a young pre-teen, I lived on the edge of Vandenberg Village, adjacent to the Los Padres National Forest, a few miles from Vandenberg Air Force Base.  My house was in the last row of the development, and there were plans for extending the housing development to include hundreds of new homes in what was the wooded area over the fence of my back yard.  The construction companies had finished the main asphalt road, and the street lights had been installed and were operational.  Other than the road itself, there were only woods on all sides for miles. One clear summer night, I was watching bats catch moths underneath one of the new street lights.  The moths would be attracted to the lights, and the bats would be attracted to the moths.  My friends and I would pick up pebbles and throw them into the air, and watch as bats swooped down and approached them before breaking off the pursuit after realizing they weren't prey insects. I was kind of lost in the pleasure of just finding pebbles and throwing them up in the air to watch the bats chase.  There was a large full moon overhead.  That's what I was doing when I had a life-changing encounter with a small UFO. It was too small for a person to occupy, approximately 2.5 feet in diameter, and it moved so quickly that it could not be seen except when hovering motionless at different points. One moment it was in the night sky directly between me and the full moon, lit so that it was perfectly camouflaged against the moon behind it, perfectly still and silent. But as my binocular vision adjusted and it came into sharp focus, I felt a sudden shock as it appeared that the moon was very much closer than it was supposed to be. At the moment it registered in my mind as out of place, I became slightly disoriented and it instantaneously moved to within inches of my face. It was so close that I could see a mirror image of my own face displayed on its convex bottom surface. If I hadn't seen it so illuminated before, I would have guessed that its coating was a perfectly reflective polished metal. There was a soft humming electrical arcing sound coming from inside it, like statically charged particles being sucked through a very quiet vacuum hose into some other place entirely. It surprised me so completely that I was literally frozen in the deepest visceral fear that I've ever felt. It was as though I had been in the jungle blithely examining an innocuous plant, and out of nowhere a 9-foot-long man-eating tiger had pounced on me. The part of the brain that registers fear is the amygdala. When it is active there's normally an urge to fight or flee. In this case, it was so directly stimulated that I felt only a primal, overwhelming, paralyzing fear. I remember thinking, Oh my God! This is really happening to me. The next thing I remember was waking up walking on my way home about 50 yards from where I was before. This level of propulsion and active material technology might be representative of advanced nanotech. While there is a slim possibility that some elite and secretive humans had that in the 1970's, it seems much more likely that it was of a non-human or post-human origin. Given the probable scenarios that are described by futurists such as the inventor Ray Kurzweil, it seems inevitable that we will eventually modify our own biology and become vastly different than the species we are now, with many orders of magnitude greater intelligence and computing power. When we reach that level of advancement, it is quite likely that we will no longer need the large, cumbersome, inefficient bodies that we have now. So different will be our physical structure that it's not unreasonable to predict that our minds and machines will be structured on a scale too small for modern humans to sense, even with our most sensitive instruments. This must be the case for the advanced civilizations that came before us. Just as we may find it desirable in the future to return the Earth to its pristine natural state, free from human structures and pollution, so too may those who came before us. We have no evidence of their existence precisely because they were so thorough at cleaning up the mess that they made on their way up the evolutionary and technological chain. They were simply very efficient at disposing of the evidence of their earlier civilizations. So that UFO I came into contact with must have been a machine of their design. Perhaps they monitor and manage us, in the same manner that we manage wildlife in nature preserves and zoos. Perhaps they prefer to remain undetected as they intervene in our affairs only in the most subtle ways, such as steering our ideas or dreams from within our brains. Perhaps we are their grand experiment, or maybe even their toys or their pets. Rather than communicate with us through left-brained verbal symbol sequences such as speech, they prefer to communicate in a much more efficient way, which is to choreograph our behavior, interactions and culture. Perhaps they are responsible for our more complex dreams. For example, my dreams often include higher beings that demonstrate nearly unfathomable powers within the simulated reality of the dream, and complete telepathy in terms of understanding my thoughts and intentions immediately as they occur or even slightly prior to my awareness of their occurrence. Perhaps we belong to them, and they own us, while most of us remain ignorant of that reality. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));34.6667373333334;-120.446889333333
We saw a circular flashing object in the eastern sky slowly descending.;1998-08-09 23:20:00;40;We saw a circular flashing object in the eastern sky slowly descending. At 2320, my wife and I was outside in the backyard having a smoke just before bedtime.  All in a sudden, my wife noticed a flashing object in the eastern sky.  She quickly grabbed our bonoculars to see what it was.  After she looked at the object, we observed a circular rotating object with flashing red, blue, green, yellow, and white lights slowly descending the horizon.  After about 40 minutes, we know the object  was lower from the original location we first seen it.  I then quickly booted up our computer to report this unusual sighting.  Update 10 Aug/0023: My wife just came back in the house and said it slowly disappeared from the horizon.;34.6667373333334;-120.446889333333
we were observing the sky in one area. This bright flashing object appeared...not flying.In stationary position. Flashing lights and in;2000-03-25 22:00:00;1 hr. 20mins.;we were observing the sky in one area. This bright flashing object appeared...not flying.In stationary position. Flashing lights and intenesity with flashes.  Blue, white, red, yellow..and green by a few of the observers.  Disappeared in a flash then reappeared in same spot more than once.  Went to new location out of town...and then spotted to more craft.  Using binoculars, you could see that when the first obj. flashed...the 2nd and 3rd seem to mimick the flashes.  We observed for over one hour...when the first once just seemed to head slowly over the hills and disappear.  the other two remained and we did not stay long to see when they were gone.  The objects did not appear as a star twinkling or as a planet. They flashed multiple colored lights...and in sychronicity.  They stayed in once place, and the first and brightest one appeared to spin as the lights had a neon...tracer effect when the light sourse is moving.  The second one actually had a second lite off to its side, but really couldn't see it without the binoculars.  it had a black space with no stars behind the two lights.  Interesting fact: there was a Delta II launch from VAFB that afternoon. i entered most information in the above statement.  The observers were four adults and one 11 year old girl.  Two men and two women and one daughter.  The two women had had a few glasses of wine but the men were completely alcohol free.  The first man who saw the first object timed the event on his watch.  He alerted first his fiance to come see, then me, the wife and co-home owner of the yard where we were visiting and sky watching.  My husband also observed as did my daughter.  We used our own vision and 1 pair of binoculars.  This enabled to see the flashes as flashes of colored lights...and the slight movement of perhaps spinning...but not going anywhere.  3 of us...the other couple and myself are avid readers on the subject of UFOs and such topics.  I have never seen anything like this...or anything similar even though i wonder whats out there, and always look to the skys.  The first man, has said that he has had a few (2 or 3) unusual sightings...in his life.  His fiance is very intuitive and open to unusual possibities.  We all 3 are very intuitive, empathic, and open to the unknown...but this was for real for all of us...including to my husband and daughter who are born skeptics.;34.6667373333334;-120.446889333333
Strange lights formation disappearing in mid air over lompoc Ca near Airforce base.;2021-05-18 00:30:00;5 minutes;Strange lights formation disappearing in mid air over lompoc Ca near Airforce base. On May 18th 2021 I was driving back home from work on HW1 towards Lompoc. I was about a mile from entering the city when I look up to my right into the horizon it was a clear nigth and could see what it appear as a long tail of falling debrie. I could not hear any sound of any kind. At first I thought I was witnessing either a meteorite or space debrie falling. I made a recording of it and mentioned in it that perhaps this was from the Chinese satelite expected to fall. (I did not know that this event had already occurred  days earlier). So as I got closer to town I lost the sitting with the city lights now glowing so I decided to make a turn towards the crop fields were is dark to have a better view of the sitting. To my surprise once I stopped on the side of the road and look up there was a string oof white and orange round lights probably about 12 or more all lined up moving east I began video with my cellphone. I was able to capture some of the lights i! n the distance. Then I noticed that at particular point in an open space on the horizon the lights were entering and disappearing one by one till they were gone this must have last for about 30 seconds. I noticed that as the lights were entering this wormhole or what it ever it was, their shape changed from round to straight like a cigar. Very strange never have I seen anything like this except in the movies but after experiencing this first hand I have to admit there is definitely evidence of something outthere that needs closer examination.;34.6667373333334;-120.446889333333
