Tapered Triangle.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of the triplet of U. S. Navy NOSS satellites??  PD));2004-05-13 22:18:00;>2 minutes;Tapered Triangle I was looking upward at a cluster of stars, when I observed what I initially thought to be part of a constellation of stars.  My eye then caught sight of exactly (3) of those stars moving at a very slow rate (but very noticeable!) of speed.   These stars were seen at an approximate angle of 70-->80 degrees from the horizon (and heading northeast-->southwest).  Within about 30-seconds, the three stars were completely out of what I thought was a constellation and had traversed the sky to what appeared then to be a 45-degree angle from the horizon.   The shape was DEFINITELY AND WITHOUT DOUBT traingular (however, the triangle was more tapered (almost like a thin arrowhead).  Absolutely no sound was heard (however, the object may have been overhead at a considerable distance and therefore I may not have been able to hear any sound). To be very blunt and honest, I became somewhat unnerved by this episode and went inside without watching what eventually became of the object.   I asked my husband to come outside, but by the time he could, the object could not be located.  My husband stated, Maybe it was a stealth.   Curiously, the object did come in the initial direction of Vandenberg AFB (which is only several miles away from my location).   ***I must say that over the last week I have been doing my usual night-time star watching and have noticed a definite increase in the amount of satellite-like white (very distant) lights that traverse the sky over my area.  They have travelled in all directions (west--> east, southwest--->northeast).   I have not reported any of these events, but have pointed out many to my husband. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of the triplet of U. S. Navy NOSS satellites??  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  This report initially was posted as a sighting in Colorado.  Lompoc, however, is in California.  We have changed the state, and reposted the report, as of July 23, 2016.  PD));34.6667373333334;-120.446889333333
