Pink disc plays hide and seek with private and miltary planes for 2 hrs.!;1971-06-15 20:00:00;2 hrs.;Pink disc plays hide and seek with private and miltary planes for 2 hrs.! This sighting occurred in 1971-1972 from what I can figure out. I wish I would have written down the date, but when you're a child - you don't think to do something like that. My brother and I were walking to the local convenience store to get some candy about 8:00 PM at night when we saw this odd, shimmering light in the sky across the Santa Clara Valley. It was stationary, the color of magnesium and kind of looked like a mild Fourth of July sparkler sitting there motionless in the sky. It was over the valley low enough that we could see the outline of the top of the mountain range up above and beyond it. Well, we apparently weren't the only people witnessing this extraordinary aerial phenomena. A small private plane was coming across the sky toward the light to get a better look at it. As soon as the plane was a short distance away form it, the light turned itself off, dimmed itself into darkness. The private plane made a few tentative circles around where the object was and flew off. When it was a short distance away, the object came back on again, shining away in the exact same place. If this wasn't enough, apparently this shimmering star like object had attracted the attention of the local Navy P3 Orion subchasing patrol. One of these large military planes came over to take a look - and the same thing happened again! The light went out, the big plane made a couple of large, lazy circles in the area where it had apparently observed the object, and then when it left - on came the light again, in the same place! The next thing that happened about ten minutes or so later, we weren't quite prepared for. We heard it before we saw it - the military had scrambled a jet from one of the nearby military bases. We heard it before we saw it as it came screaming across the sky. So did the object, and apparently was startled by it. The thing all of a sudden glowed much brighter than it had been (Oh, no! ) and then quickly put it's shimmering light out again. The jet stayed there for about 20 min. or so, going from wide to tighter and tighter circles, and even doing figure 8's. But, apparently, it gave up the pursuit of the object and we saw the jet fly off - and guess what happened?? The shimmering light came back on again - but this time, it had moved a short distance in the sky to another spot not far from the original one! And , it continued to shine. During this incredible experience, I had run the two blocks back home and had gotten binoculars. Through them , I had gotten a much better look at this mysterious object. It looked like a glowing pink disc or football shaped object, completely molten, with sparks coming off of it. It kind of reminded me of how an ember glows in the dark. I estimated it was about the size of a passenger car. The whole incident lasted about two hours, because we were kids and had to go home to bed, and probably got a little bored because the object was just sitting there shimmering and not moving. We didn't watch it leave, it was still there when we gave up and went home. I saw it in the exact same place again several nights later, shining away again, but didn't watch it again that night for very long. No planes seemed to be trying to molest it this time. And then, I never saw it again. My brother and a neighbor lady witnessed this with me. There also had to be witnesses in the private plane, the P3 Orion subchaser plane from Moffett Field NAS, and the pilot of the jet fighter. I haven't seen anyone else report this sighting, so I thought I would. P.S. Peter - please use this version - I corrected a few typos. Thanks!;37.3620362258955;-121.963458402204
Black disk shaped object  motionless observing airport  free falls and wobbles back up and vanishes.;2005-06-30 17:35:00;2 min;Black disk shaped object  motionless observing airport  free falls and wobbles back up and vanishes. Thursday 6/30/05 at around 5:35 pm, I was walking toward my car in the parking lot at work when I saw what looked to me like a round black object standing motionless high in the sky south east above the San Jose airport. I was looking up at an angle 135-140 degrees, considering straight up to be 180 degrees. To give an estimate of the size of the object in view, it would compare to that of holding up a cherry seed between ones thumb and forefinger at arms length. Now I can not begin to calculate its true size not knowing how high and the miles away the object was from where I stood. A moderate breeze was blowing toward the east. I assumed it could be a large weather balloon. Then after what seemed like a minute had passed, this round black object suddenly rotated revealing a disk or saucer shape. Within seconds of this new transformation, I began to notice a bright white flash every couple of seconds or so but randomly and not consistant. Then it began to free fall downward but in a way resembling a leaf falling from off a tree limb.  Twice I saw the bottom part, round and circular, tilt toward my direction so that I could see a faint orange glow or gold aura , even looked like it was sparkling somewhat . The object descended straight downward about a hand length. Then it hovered about 3 seconds before shooting upward like that of watching a bumble bee in flight. By this time I pretty much ruled out the notion of it being a large balloon. I heard a roar of a jet plane taking off from the San Jose Airport but could not see the plane until it got to a certain height heading northwest in my general direction. The large jet aircraft came into view as it ascended upward. I could now compare this unidentified object to the jet plane. The object was indeed considerably farther up and toward the south east than I had previously thought. The large commercial jet plane as it went overhead just slightly to the east of my position was the length of my thumbnail at arms length. After the Jet plane was nearly out of sight toward the northwest, this black disk shaped object currently hovering high up in the sky south east of the airport took off so rapidy that it vanished in just two seconds. I continued looking and then the object or another disk object reappeared out of no where for three seconds and then it vanished in thin air and did not reappear. I don't know what I just witnessed for nearly 2 minutes, but it is certainly a mystery to me that I am anxious for it to be solved! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.3620362258955;-121.963458402204
Green light flying from one direction then another changes to red and back green.;2014-06-10 00:00:00;2 minutes;Green light flying from one direction then another changes to red and back green. I was watching TV at home when out of the corner of my eye, I noticed a green light, what caught my attention is the fact that it went from flying towards the right to the opposite direction in seconds.  It would go towards righr, then zip going up, then down, back to one direction and another.  I was able to record it but because it was dark it's hard to see its direction change but you can still notice it.  It went from solid red, to mix of red and greem, to solid green.  In the recordings I caught it changing colors and directions.  It ended up flying behind a palm tree then out of visible sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));37.3620362258955;-121.963458402204
