On Friday Nov. 5, 1999 just before sunset, a gigantic metalic colored dominoe shaped object flew over the San Francisco Bay Area.;1999-11-05 18:15:00;5-10 minutes;On Friday Nov. 5, 1999 just before sunset, a gigantic metalic colored dominoe shaped object flew over the San Francisco Bay Area. On Friday afternoon (~6:15 P.M.) Nov. 05, 1999 I was playing with my dog in the backyard of my home in Santa Clara, CA. which is directly behind Paramounts Great America Theme Park.  There were light partial clouds that day and no fog, so any aircraft was clearly visible.  Seeing aircraft on a continuous basis to and from San Jose International Airport and Moffett Field was common at that locale.   This evening I noticed the incoming flight patterns of the P3 Orion naval aircraft from Moffett Field.  The planes appeared to approach from the north, then turned west toward the air field (from my perspective).  They would first appear to be small twinkling lights, then as they got closer, of course, they would finally take the shape of an airplane.   Then, suddenly, I noticed one of them appeared to be tumbling from the sky?!   I ran to the fence and thought to myself, Jesus that plane is going to crash!  I'm actually going to witness a plane crash!  But as it got closer it looked like it was diamond shaped?   Then it shape shifted into what appeared to be a slow moving metalic colored dominoe moving southbound in the north sky!  What...in...the...hell...?!  I lost sight of it as it passed behind my neighbors roof.  I rubbed my eyes in disbelief and shook my head violently!  I thought to myself, okay I am not crazy, when this thing reappears from the other side of the roof it's going to be a Boing passenger liner on it's way to San Jose Airport.  Much to my surprise, when it reappeared it was, in fact, a gigantic wingless craft cruising as slow as you please right over the Bay Area!!  AAAAAh, it's happening, we're being invaded by aliens!!!!!   I ran frantically screaming into my front yard trying to direct anyone's attention to this craft.  My mother, niece, grand-nephew, friend (a former nuclear powered submarine pilot), and four of my neighbor's (one of which was a retired senior engineer from Lockeed Martin) came outside to see what I was yelling about.   Then, in disbelief, we all watched this UFO perform some of the most amazing arial maneuvers I've ever seen with my own eyes!  First, as it was moving in a southernly direction, it made an immediate 90 degree turn west.  No banking, no arch, I mean on a dime!  Then, it suddenly ascended, glowing orange as it rose!  I thought aloud, look a plasma, it's striking a plasma!  My neighbor, Mr. C replied, no, it's catching the tangent rays of the sun.  I asked, How big is this thing, a couple, or a few football stadiums maybe?  Wild eyed, Mr. C replied, No, much much bigger...like maybe half the size of the Bay Area?!...I don't know?!   Then it made a series of zig-zag and square moves which took our breath away, but the most spectacular move was it's northernly directional shot accross the sky!  It flew so fast that visually it seemed to elongate, or stretch like a rubber band accross the sky to an abrupt stop!   Then, from it's north easternly point in the sky it ascended at a very fast rate until it appeared to be a star in the early evening sky.  It stayed at that point in the heavens for several hours until it just disappeared (~03:00 a.m.).   Unfortunately, we were all so shocked we didn't have the presence of mind to get a camera or camcorder.  No calls to the authorities were made either.   For weeks I looked through the San Jose Mecury News paper and watched the televised news reports for anything related to the event that I and my family members and neighbors witnessed.  Nothing.   I've watched programs on UFO's and read countless testamonial from eye witness accounts of similar such events, but nothing related to that particular event on that particular day.  It amazes me that something like that over such a heavily concentrated population center never made it to the media.   I still don't know what we saw on that day, but I couldn't keep this to myself any longer.   That is why I purposely looked for this web-site to report this event.  I'm sorry it took me so long. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));37.3620362258955;-121.963458402204
Two lights moving very fast high in the night sky;2008-06-22 23:00:00;6 seconds;Two lights moving very fast high in the night sky 11pm Sunday night in Santa Clara California. Two round orange lights way up in the sky moving very fast from the south to the north. I saw the lights for about six seconds. The lights were side by side. One was moving ahead then behind as they moved. No sound but very high in the sky and not very bright. There was one airplane moving in the sky but it was going to the southwest and moving normally. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));37.3620362258955;-121.963458402204
