Hovering saucer with blinking lights interacts with signals from flashlights.;1974-04-25 20:30:00;5 minutes;Hovering saucer with blinking lights interacts with signals from flashlights. This sighting took place in the spring, around 1974, near Brooksville, Maine. My friend and I were going smelt fishing around 8 or 9 pm. We walked through the woods to Walker's Pond and the inlet where we were going to fish. I carried a large cell flashlight, like an electric linesman would use. It was dark enough to need the light to watch your step along the path. There were other fishermen were positioned around the pond, we could faintly hear them talking and occasionally see their flashlights, but we were the only people fishing on the other end of the pond. As we approached the waters edge, I noticed flashing, colored lights off to my right. I said out loud, &quotWhat the hell is that?&quot, my friend said &quotI don't know.&quot The other fishermen were too far away and from their angle could not see into the small cove where the lights were. We watched it for about a minute when I decided to blink the flashlight at it. Suddenly the lights began moving silently toward us, hovering just above the water. I could plainly see it was a saucer shaped craft, approx. 70 to 100 ft. wide, there was a dome-like bubble on top. The lights were going around the edge under the craft, yellow, red and white. I thought I could see shadows in the dome part. I was freaked out and said to my friend let's get out of here! He agreed, we were standing right beside each other as we turned to run. I took about 3-4 steps and fell down. I immediately got back on my feet and called to my friend, silence. He didn't answer, which I found very odd since he had been within 5 ft. of me not 30 secs. before. I called again and he answered me from about 100 yds. away. He made his way back and asked what happened. I was confused and didn't know what had taken place. As we regrouped to make our way out of the woods, we suddenly realized all the fishermen on the pond were gone. There was no one fishing, they had all left.Normally fishermen would be there until 2 am. My friend and I cannot account for the time that we lost that evening. We don't know if we were abducted, but somehow a period of time is unaccounted for from that night. I'm a 59 yrs old male, ex-Marine, not given to hallucinations or visions. This experience has stayed with me my entire life and have wanted to be hypnotized or regressed to find out about that night but haven't actually done it. My friend who also witnessed this, died about 15 yrs. later. I will tell you this, after my experience, I KNOW Ufo's are real and I believe others who tell their stories. I recently learned about the Allagash Abductions and was very interested because that group of abductees also flashed their light to attract the saucer. Their event also took place in the 70's. We both signaled the saucer with a blinking light! Weird! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));44.3756;-68.7313
