Blurs out of atmosphere, makes speedy angled turns, not slowing down to take em and seems to be spastic at times, and also silent.;1997-06-01 10:00:00;5 minutes;Blurs out of atmosphere, makes speedy angled turns, not slowing down to take em and seems to be spastic at times, and also silent. I was 12 or 13, camping at a beach called bellows, screwing around with a couple of my friends at around 9 or 10 pm.  One of my friends gets hit in the nuts, so we sit down and cool off in a life gaurd tower.  While we are talking, I see a blur come from the left side facing the ocean.  I was thinking of making a wish, but it was not a typical shooting star, my friend points out that an object has appeared out near the horizon above the water, pulsating.  We watch, wondering if its a helicopter since bellows has some military activity and exercises are performed there.  As we watch, we see this light start buzzing around doing very angled turns at high speeds.  It was mind boggling.  So we keep on watching, the light stops again after a while and then it starts growing bigger.  Eventually it flew above us the the right, not too high up so I got a decent glimpse of some red and greenish lights, maybe blue, I have a hard time remembering what exact colors I saw, but it was ovalish and it was silent.  I live near alot of air traffic and I know something moving that close to the ground at that speed should make a lot of sound but I didn't hear anything.  So we look at each other and don't say a thing.  I am an honest person and tell my findings to friends and I tried to limit the talk about only what I had physically seen.  My other friend, one being hawaiian and one being caucasion, both took it way differently.  We didn't really talk about it much, because it freaked my white friend out alot and for a long time.  I guess it didn't apply to my life so why mentally masturbate over it for a long time.  My Hawaiian friend probably has it cataloged in the back of his mind but there is no doubt between all of us that it was not anything weve ever heard of.  Probably anitgrav tech.;21.3423;-157.7141
