Started as a bright star on horizon, silently moved in a east-west direction over us. multi-colored light along the outside of the tria;2001-07-15 22:30:00;5 minutes;Started as a bright star on horizon, silently moved in a east-west direction over us. multi-colored light along the outside of the triangle-shaped craft, absolutely no noise being emitted from the craft ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Object would not have been a satellite, and probably was not a missile out of Vandenberg AFB, launched as part of the missile defense system we do not believe they pass over Hawaii.  PD));21.3423;-157.7141
I saw a bright light outside, so I ran out to look at it, my roommate joined me. It was a very bright light that was a ball of light li;2020-01-23 21:28:00;21:38;I saw a bright light outside, so I ran out to look at it, my roommate joined me.  It was a very bright light that was a ball of light like a bright star. It became a triangle.  Then there was a bright light that came down a few feet.  The end of that light flashed green a few times then it went up back to the main area of light.  Then it went up and stoped then after a bit it came toward us and it was lower than the tree line and it had more of a quiet vibration noise as it flew over us slowly.  Then when it was gone we heard a airplane and there was a airplane headed toward where the air craft just came from.  But the airplane was loud unlike the air craft we just saw.   Then we went inside and as I settled down I saw the light again and I ran back outside and the same light coming down with a flashing green and going back up thing happen.  Then it went in a straight line to the right And then it went up and then it came toward us.  This time it didn’t come directly above us but went over the farm in front of us and to the mountain and it was in a square shape.  It had the same quiet vibration noise. It went over my neighborhoods house and when I told her about it she said she didn’t hear anything.;21.3423;-157.7141
