Mother and daughter see UFO once again on farm road in Amherst county, Va.;2001-04-28 23:00:00;60 sec;Mother and daughter see UFO once again on farm road in Amherst County, Va. My daughter and I again saw the same lights on the road to the house that she rents on a secluded farm in Amherst, Va. The same two lights that we saw at the beginning of the year were once again at about the same place as before, but this time started out in the larger configuration that we last observed.  As we approached the object, this time in a different darker colored car, the object immediately took off away from us and again appeared over the vicinity of my daughter’s house.   When we got down the road, it was gone.  It had gone from point A to point B in the flash of an eye and we think it knew that since it was a bright, moonlight night, that we just might be able to see the craft, thus its speedy demise this time.  We know that this thing is real just wish we could see exactly what in this world, or out of  it, that it is?;37.602;-79.046
Mother and daughter- and now father- see ufo on farm road in Amherst, Va.;2001-10-25 23:15:00;2 hrs +;Mother and daughter- and now father- see ufo on farm road in Amherst, Va. Vehicle seen again on nights of Oct. 25 and again on the 26.  Seen on 25th by 3 people and craft stayed in sight for full duration of 2 hrs and was still visible in middle of hayfield when my husband and I left.  Ufo seeme to be watching us as much a we were watching it and it followed us back out to the mailbox when we left.  My husband has now seen it and is a firm Ufo believer.  Seen by my husband, daughter and myself on the night of 10/25 and by my daughter and I again on 10/26 in the same area on the farm road where my daughter lives. I called my husband on my cell phone to come see it on 10/25 and it hovered over our daughter's house as if it were waiting for him.  We hope all is well with our ufo friends and hope to see them again one day.  Once again, as before, same lights, no noise, flat lights -no glare.;37.602;-79.046
Mother and daughter chase UFO to daughter's house;2010-01-19 23:00:00;5 miutes;Mother and daughter chase UFO to daughter's house. I was taking my daughter home after work on this evening.  It was about 11:00 at night and we were sitting by her mailbox when we noticed lights down the road towards the rental property she lives in on a farm here.  The lights were small, much like backup lights on a car, so we just thought that it was her landlords working on a farm truck.  We sat by the mailbox and waited a minute or so for them to come out of the road.   When after a few minutes, the lights were still there, I pulled my car up closer to the lights.  As we approached them, they backed up into the hayfield.  I had my car window rolled down to listen, as the neighbors entrance, the first on the road  is where the lights were first-on the ground and their dogs were barking and crying and howling!   We didn’t hear any motor noises from the “farm truck” and wondered why it backed all the way to the back of the hayfield!   Then the two lights got bigger and brighter, though there was no beam.  As ! soon as we saw them rise up into the air, we knew it wasn’t our friends in any farm truck.  I speed up to catch up and the faster I went, the fast it went.  The , bigger now, lights went up and over the fence of the hayfield, across the farmers road, across the fence to the cow pasture and went along about 15 feet above the ground.  I was speeding at this point, faster than I would have ever driven down the road , maybe 25 mph, but couldn’t catch up.  It flew under some power lines and straight up into the air and behind  my daughter’s house where it “hung” there until we got into the lot in front of  her house. We sat in front of her house and looked up at the lights for about a minute, when they just “poof” went out, or the thing sped away.  We had both  front windows  of the car open by now and can verify that there was not a single sound  of any motor or of any power plant within the UFO.  And again, there was no beam of light coming in our direction or any other.  The lights were just there!  We found out the next day that our friend, the landlady of the farm had seen the lights when she came home, about 30 minutes before we did.  She saw it in the area, above the river, behind the house in about the same location that we had last seen it.  So we know that it had been hanging around for a much longer time than we saw it. We were all  very happy to see what we know was a UFO.;37.602;-79.046
Mother and daughter see strange lights of ufo for the third time in same location.;2010-05-12 23:30:00;2 min.;Mother and daughter see strange lights of ufo for the third time in same location May 12, 2010   My daughter and I have seen the ufo now for the third time.  I posted the second time that was on April 28, but do not see that is has been posted to this site as of  5/13/10. We were, once again, at her mailbox when we caught site of it again-in about the same place as the first and second time.  I turned off the headlights and kept on the parking lights to try to sneak up on it but had to turn the lights back on pretty soon.  This time the lights were white and small like they started out that first time we saw it, but this time we noticed that there were small yellow flashing lights on the outside of each white light.  As we approached the thing, it started to immediately back away and the lights got bigger.  The closer we got, the faster it went.  We kept visual with it as it went into the air and went ahead of us down the farm road.  When it got to my daughter’s house, it was behind some trees we could still see the two lights.  I tried to get a picture, but couldn’t get the object clearly in the view finder of my cell phone. I left my daughter, after being sure she was inside and the door was locked. As I was going out, I looked in my rearview mirror and the two lights were right behind me!!  Man did I take off!!  It was still behind me when I got to the end of the road near the mailboxes, So I stopped. When I stopped, it stropped maybe was 30 feet from me.  I took a picture, but in my excitement, forgot to press the save button!. Whatever this thing is, it likes where it is since we have seen it three times now.  We are realizing that if it wanted to hurt us, it had every opportunity to do so.   I even stopped half way down the road and stood up in the car and out of the top sunroof -cell phone it hand to try to see it and get a picture-lights off, of course, but kept the motor running for a fast exit, if necessary. The second time we saw it, it took off in a great big hurry since it was a moonlite night.  Hope that account will be posted soon.;37.602;-79.046
In 2010 my family and my friend saw a ufo (ufos) on the ground and in the air at close range.  We had interaction with it and very few;2010-06-30 11:00:00;many hours;In 2010, my family and my friend saw a ufo (ufos) on the ground and in the air at close range.  We had interaction with it and very few reports are anything more than someone seeing strange lights in the sky. See all of my reports of Amherst, Va in 2010.  These sightings continue to be in my families' minds, and I can't stop wondering what it would look like in the day light.  It/they had two bright lights visible and we think they were triangular in shape.  I caught a pic from video, lightened it up and blew it up and it is no question what it was.. I don't know why no one has ever reported this ufo sighting on Braxton Ridge Rd in Amherst county, Va, from 2010. Please do tell here if anyone saw what we saw. Thanks.;37.602;-79.046
Ufo seen by mother and daughter on farm road in Amherst County, Va. For the 4th time this year!!;2010-07-19 23:35:00;3 minutes;Ufo seen by mother and daughter on farm road in Amherst county, Va.   For the 4th time this year!!   The object was first sighted in basically the same place as we first saw it the previous 3 times. We were at my daughter’s mailbox as before and saw the lights on the road to her home.  This time the lights seemed to be wider apart and the yellow lights, one on each side, were flickering as the previous time. I had a video camera on and was able to get footage better than I thought when taping it.  I downloaded it to my computer and played it slow.  It is plain that this thing goes where it wants and as fast as it wants. My last entry was mistakenly put as happening in the year 2001 due to a typo on my part. Needless to say, we know what we have seen.;37.602;-79.046
Mother and daughter again are “visited” by strange ufo on farm road in Amherst, Va.;2010-10-22 11:38:00;5 minutes;October 22, 2010  Mother and daughter again are “visited” by strange ufo on farm road in Amherst, Va. We saw the “thing” in August as well, but didn’t report it then.  It took off very quickly, but we were able to get some video. Back to last night’s sighting again the craft was on the ground, just within sight of my daughter’s mailbox.  We saw it when we stopped to check her mail.  I approached it with my headlights off-parking lights only and my daughter tried to get some video.  She did get some good footage, although with the bumpy road and the speed I was going, the ufo appears to be moving erratically, but it was us doing the moving.  The craft when out over the hay field, within perfect sight of us and went ahead down the road to my daughter’s rental house.  It was there in the sky overhead when we got to the house. . Then it just disappeared!  It didn’t take off as quickly as it did back in August and seemed to be waiting behind some trees for us to catch up before stopping over her house. We know that this thing is real.  It makes no noise and can go as fast or slow as it wants.  The lights change from small to pretty large  and there seems to be yellow lights on each side.  We noticed last night that the thing looks to be at least as big as a good sized car in width and from the way it looked it is most likely an oval shaped craft. If anyone has seem anything like this in the area, please, don’t  be afraid to post it.  We haven’t contacted any local authorities since we fear a bombardment of curiosity seekers might scare “our” friends away.  And it really does look like, AFTER SEEING IT 6 TIMES NOW that it wants us to see it.;37.602;-79.046
Our last encounters with ufo on amherst, va farm road;2010-10-25 23:30:00;2hrs. plus;Our last encounters with ufo on amherst, va farm road Again, I write about my experience with a ufo that I think is friendly, or I wouldn't be here today, nor would my daughter and now, my husband. I last reported that my daughter and I saw our UFO on  her farm road the nite of 10/22/10.  I will now give my account of a few days past that. We again witnessed our friends on the farm road on 10/25/10 at about the same time of night.  There was a car behind us when we stopped at my daughter's mailbox and it passed us and drove towards our ufo which was, once again, sitting in the middle of the farm road we were to take.  All the ufo did was move over into the field, as it did on our first encounter, to let the car make a left turn into a driveway of a farm there.  Then when the car came back out, the ufo didn't make a move to appear to just be another car. After the car left, we approched the ufo to the same cinerio.  It when up and proceeded down the road ahead of us.  When it got to my daughter's rental home, it went behind the same trees, as it has done, and just hovered there no sound. I called my husband, whom has been dying to see the ufo to come right away.  He was about 20 minutes away and when he got there, it was still there, yet he said he saw two lights in the middle of the hayfield near the mailboxes.  My daughter and I had seen two other lights to the left of the road out in the woods, I forgot to point out, as well.  The two lights over the house appeared to be wider apart, so we are thinking this to be the mother.  Anyway, we watched the thing for about a half an hour and took pictures with our cell phones.  None were as impressive as what we were seeing with our eyes. When we drove away, we kept stopping to see if it was following us and didn't see it anymore until we got to the mailboxes then there it was in the middle of the hayfield.  We got out of the car and took more cell phone pics.  Then we went back down to the house and it again went on ahead of us stopping over the house again, no noise.  When we left the last time headed for home, if followed us all the way back to the mailboxes and stopped in the middle of the road.  It has never stopped more than 20 feet close to us. The following night when I took my daughter home after work at about the same time, there it was again,  Same thing, went ahead of us, than followed me back out.  I just rolled down the window and said See ya again, gotta go home. We have not seen our ufo again since that night, 10/26/10.  We hope our friends will come back to see us again sometime.  We miss them.;37.602;-79.046
