Three large red lights, two rotating about each other, no sound, within 200 feet of tree line, moving slowly;2001-12-01 18:45:00;few minutes;Three large red lights, two rotating about each other, no sound, within 200 feet of tree line, moving slowly Saw three distinct large red lights in triangle formation with leading edge being the single light moving southwestward and the rear lights following and rotating about each other at a slow speed.  Either it was one large craft or three single.  Flew at low altitude almost appearing within 200 feet above tree line with no noise.  The siting is within 20 miles of Chicago's Ohare airport and planes were also visible at this time and were significantly different.  THere was no mistaking the siting as being a plane and given its low altitude with no sound, I would tend to discount a helicopter.  Unfortunately, we were driving in the opposite direction so I could not view this for more than a minute.;41.7523000000001;-88.0541
Amateur astronomer observes two unknown objects over Chicago suburb.;2014-05-30 00:30:00;~2 minutes;Amateur astronomer observes two unknown objects over Chicago suburb I saw the first object, traveling northeast to southwest straight from my house front door.  It was 5 lights in the shape of a triangle, or from the angle I saw it the shape looked like a backwards checkmark.  The 5 lights changed from a very bright (soft) white color to all 5 turning red with no dimming in between.  It was either white or red.  The lights pulsed all at the same time between white and red.   The object flew in a direction I haven't seen flown by aircraft in my area.  The object moved very slowly and made no sound.  After a minute or so it disappeared behind trees.   Within a minute of the object disappearing I saw the second object. I saw it exactly in the sky where I first saw the first object.  The pulsing lights, colors, apparent height, and speed were to me exactly the same as the first object.  It stayed in my view the same amount of time as the first object, and disappeared over the same area in the trees as the first.  Later when I was! thinking about this I came up with the idea (possibly) this was actually one object and I saw lights on the front and backside.   Unfortunately, I don't remember seeing the stars in between the lights being blotted out.  I wasn't even looking for that at the time because I assumed it was two separate objects, especially since it would have been a massive size.  FYI, I am an amateur astronomer for about 20 years and have fairly good observation skills. The things that strike me about this is the number of lights and their colors, how the lights blinked in unison with no dimming in between, the slow speed, no sound, a different flight path from normal over my area, the fact the second object (had they both been airplanes) would have been flying in the air wake of the first, which I think airplanes avoid.;41.7523000000001;-88.0541
