My mother and I witnessed an incident directly  before the first McCleary exit coming from Elma. It happened on November 14, 1997. I re;1997-11-14 21:00:00;<10 minutes;My mother and I witnessed an incident directly  before the first McCleary exit coming from Elma.  It happened on November 14, 1997.  I remember the date because my baby was exactly 8 months old that day.  I was taking my mother home somewhere around 9 pm.  We were approaching  the first mccleary exit, traveling northbound on the freeway, when I could suddenly see small white lights zooming around the sky  on the right hand side of the freeway. It seems like it was only 3 lights at first.  We started driving slower even down to 10 mph on the freeway.  We were afraid and trying to understand what was happening.  Suddenly another “strip of lights appeared and were doing the same squiggly moves in the sky, Almost like figure eights, as they seemed to be following one another.  We looked toward the ground for strobes coming from that direction.  In case it were people using some type of strobe lights or something like that.  But there weren’t any.  The area below the lights was just brush and trees.  I don’t believe that there are any houses right directly below this location, even to this day. The lights seemed to be in a snake like configuration as they zoomed about extremely fast.  They were also completely white lights.  The most being maybe 6-8 lights in total.  I can’t even guess to say what size that they were.  I don’t believe that they were very large though. I turned off of the freeway to go into McCleary and we thought that they  had disappeared because  when we were looking behind us we no longer could see them.  But as we came to the stop sign, we saw the  lights again strait above us through the sunroof.  They stretched strait across in a strait line directly above my car.  Then they just lifted away and were gone.  I honestly can’t even say that they “lifted away.’  They were just gone.  No noise.  No ship-like appearance.  Just lights. It was something neither of us had experienced before.  We were both extremely frightened.  And both of us afraid for me to even drive back home.  But neither of us had anything like this happen since .;47.0324;-123.2689
