blue ball of light subdues me and my girlfriend.;1997-10-15 01:00:00;10 minutes;blue ball of light subdues me and my girlfriend. before going to sleep me and my grilfreind ((name deleted)) were talking and i noticed a strange light coming from the kitchen of our trailer. it looked like someone was shining a flashlight with a blue beam into the window.  i thought it was a car, so i stopped looking. then, i looked in the in the direction of the kitchen and seen the light getting closer and increasing in circumference. i thought i was seeing things. so, i kepr on watching and the light kepttt approaching our bedroom. it entered the door of our room and increased size after passing the door frame.   it seemed to have an outer lining that was blue, while also having a swirling blueiush white glitter center.  i brought this to angela's attention and she nearly fainted.  the ball of light continued to our the foot of our bed, i grabbed her in  a bear hug, shut my eyes, and started praying like it was the ennd. we woke up at what seemed to be a couple of hours later, but we were not tired.  we went to the front room to watch south park, but it did not come on. confused, we visited her gramma's house across the yard, and she asked us how was our vacation. puzzled, we asked what was she taking about. she said, i've been at you guy's house for the past three days and got no answer, so i figured you all went to nashville or something.  we excused ourselves and went home. a short time later, my cousin ((name deleted)) came over and said that he also came by the day before and no answer. so he looked into our bedroom window, and he said you guys were just laying on the bed, ya'll looked like ya'll were dead.  to this day, i still cannot figure out what happenned. and when i asked angela the last time i spoke to her, she didnt have a clear recollection of these events. i have experienced paranormal phenemena all my life and will post all of my accounts very soon. people i have told this story to in public have dismissed me as mental or making this up, but i will not stop my crusade as to why these events are happenning. because THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE. after may 3rd (I HAVE TO PAY MY BILL), 2005,  you can reach me directly  at 702-((telephone number deleted)), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. my email is ((e-mail address deleted) PLEASE, feel free to correspond. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));36.3031;-88.3126000000001
Moving orange ligh;2003-11-28 01:20:00;10 min;Moving orange light I was outside standing by a shed nest to our house. I looked up and through the limbs of a tree I saw an orange colored light, it seemed to move slighly back and forth, not a lot but enough to tell it was moveing. While it moved the light slowly would fade darker than back to very  bright. As I was walking back to the door of the house, I looked to the right and noticed the light moving with me in parallel to my path but never seeming to get any closer. Nothing really amazing happens but I just can't seem to explain it. The thing is it's happened that same way two other times, I go outside to get some fresh air, look up and see the light, it moves a bit and then moves with me as I go in the house. I don't recall and sound or any other evidence that it was there .... just the light;36.3031;-88.3126000000001
