Tonight I saw many little aircrafts with two bright lights each, blinking in the dark sky, w/ one saucer leading the way.;2008-08-01 23:00:00;1 hour;Tonight I saw many little aircrafts with two bright lights each, blinking in the dark sky, w/ one saucer leading the way. It was about 10:55 or so and I just got back from the movies. Everything was fine. My uncle dropped me off and he stayed outside in the front to chat with my step-father. I was inside getting dressed when my uncle calls at me to get outside. I run outside and so does my mother and we see these red and blue lights blinking. The lights (we believe it was some type of aircraft) were close together and moving at a very fast pace. Every time we blinked, the craft was farther than before. I blew it off and said it was only an airplane. My uncle kept telling me it wasn't an airplane, though. I stayed outside with him while my mother and step-father went inside. My uncle searched the sky while I just stood there. Then he told me to look up and that's when we saw it. It had white and blue and red lights. It was very close. Every time the lights blinked, the outline of a saucer could be visible. I was in shock. I had always wanted to see a UFO and there it was before my eyes. I couldn't believe it. It passed us and then we really started searching the sky. After 15 minutes, we saw two more. These looked triangular shaped by the way the lights were fixed. They were a little far but the aircraft were very close to one another. After about 20 minutes then, we kept searching the sky and we did indeed see two real airplanes and that was that. I had to go inside and my uncle decided to go home. As soon as I got into my room, my uncle called me and told me to look out the window. Indeed there it was again. One more triangular shaped aircraft. My uncle tried following it but he lost track due to keeping his eyes both on the road and the craft. When he got home (took him 5 minutes), he saw one above his house and he called out my grandma who saw it. She said it was impossible to be an airplane because it flew so low and had way too many blinking lights. It was about 11:40 and my uncle saw one more above the St. Peter and Paul church. We believe this one was one of the many we had seen before. My uncle we! nt in ba ck inside his house due to a skunk being outside and he looked outside his window and saw one more. Same triangle shaped. Back at my house, I saw one more. One white light and it traveled fast. I have no idea what that was. In conclusion, I'm writing this to explain to you that I simply cannot explain the events that have occured tonight. I'm hoping you can. Thanks for listening.;40.4992000000001;-74.4994792452829
