Very intense light moving and changing course rapidly causing cars to pull off highway and stop. All lights shot into sky getting small;1989-10-20 18:30:00;5 minutes;Very intense light moving and changing course rapidly causing cars to pull off highway and stop. All lights shot into sky getting smaller and smaller until so far away you could not see. On my way to Mount SAC college from Costa Mesa in the early evening, my ex-wife and I where on the 57 highway going about 60 MPH. I was distracted by a very intense light by the horizon on the hills where ther are no houses or roads. This very intense disc of light made is way over the side of the 57 highway and was causing cars to start pulling over to side of the road on both roads. It would come closer and lower and then go back up and farther away. It took me about a minute to stop the car and get out. By that time it was gone. The way it disapeared was very strange. It shot up into differnt spots in the sky that were not to distant, however Every time it would move it would go from a complete stop to an increadable speed in an instant. It would also go from an increadible speed to a complete stop in an instant. At the end it seemed to break up into about 8 distinct balls of light that were many miles up in the air. I am very good with estimating speed and acceleration of jets and rockets. I would estimate that this object must have accelerated to a speed of 10,000 MPH in a fraction of a second only to come to a complete stop and accelerate again on a vector that was in the opposite direction. I know that this was not any aircraft or lightning. I know many others had seen it. I have recently stopped mentioned it to people, because most people either dont care or think that I am not correct.;34.0084999999999;-117.8136
Shape shifting UFO following flying snake;2015-10-10 06:55:00;30 seconds;Shape shifting UFO following flying snake Was driving my transit bus around 645 heading south on reservoir Ave in Pomona and saw a round shape object flying low heading westbound on mission blvd it was about 30 yards in the air, I thought it was a ballon but i kept observing it until i saw it change shape and it went from a round ball shape into what i could only describe as a crumble up piece of paper that what floating away. I thought maybe it was a ballon and it exploded.  So im traveling south on mission and get on the 60 westbount towards los angeles I try to see if i see the object were it was traveling and i did not see it no more, but then after passing diamond bar highschool and note im on the 60 westbound in my bus passing golden springs  i see the object again and i saw it change shape from a crumble up piece of paper to a ball like shape and the change to a square and finally turn in to a triangle i was amazed because i habe never seen nothing like it and the object was black by the way.  I could not belive what i saw next it was following a creature of some sort i look like a jelly fish like snake but move like it was in water in a up and down motion and it look like it jad fins but the were glowing purple it look like a flying snake but jelly fish like i was surprise i wanted to stop but i couldn't because i was driving my transit bus and i was deadheading from yard to my start up location in rowland heights and the weird thing os i heard stories of friends and family members seeing thing over the skies of pomona but never belive until i saw it my self i put thease here because another driver told me they saw some like what I saw but it was on the 10 freeway also in the pomona area i really think something is going on here and it would be great if some of you guys could check it out for your self. The time of my sighting was around the dawn hours and the other driver also saw his in dawn my other family seen it around 2am morning hours.;34.0084999999999;-117.8136
