If you want to see it I got it on my phone and its on my facebook;2015-01-09 19:00:00;4 minutes;if you want to see it i got it on my phone and its on my facebook ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested more information, and a copy of the photo, from the witness.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hi Peter, So here goes.  My wife and I were sitting in our backyard in the Jacuzzi (as we do every night) watching the planes come in to land at LAX.  Have lived here for 18 years and sit outside at night often.   Well, she was talking to me and I was staring up at the sky cause I saw a bright light that didn't look familiar and it was moving slow, going away from us, stopping on a dime and then slowly coming back.  Its flight pattern was irregular.  I thought perhaps it was a helicopter (I am a helicopter pilot) doing a circular holding pattern over a traffic accident as sometime they do.  The only thing that didn't make sense was how bright it was and not being able to see any flashing lights...at least not yet.  And then of course how it was moving.  It was southeast of our house and proceeded to move all over the sky.  Not super-fast, but faster than anything else at that altitude which is what also made it stand out.  So I jumped out of the Jacuzzi (we had been watching it for about 2 minutes by then) and I ran in and grabbed my phone. At one point it looked like it turned (without moving in the sky) and we saw red blinking or flashing lights for about 5 seconds.  It moved all over the sky in a random fashion. It was not a helicopter or plane.  I went on a site and tracked the aircraft in the areas at around 6:45-6:55 pm and did not see any helicopters.  Of course with all UFO video, sometimes it is hard to see what is going on.  I backed out on one of the videos so you could see the palm trees in my back yard as a reference for how it was moving.  There are street lights in the picture, but I think you will get a good picture from the video.  It went beyond the horizon of our backyard and that's when we lost it.  Could it have been a drone?  Sure, but since I don't know what drones with lights look like and have never in all the time I have lived here seen what I saw last night, I decided to report it to you guys based on the recommendation of a friend that is familiar with ya and after he had seen the videos.  They are on my facebook.   ((address deleted))  There are two of them. ((name deleted)) Glad I could help in any way.  Not saying it was extraterrestrial, just that I have never seen anything like that.  You will see a jet coming into land at LAX and I wondered if they saw it.;34.0084999999999;-117.8136
