((HOAX??))  STEALTH BOMBER like aircraft swallows what looked like a 747 followed by lots of UFO pulsating activity.;2010-06-15 21:18:00;10 min;STEALTH BOMBER like aircraft swallows what looked like a 747 followed by lots of UFO pulsating activity. I saw what i thought was a big ball of light next to the crest of the moon, but then realized it was only Venus....then right before i walked away two aircrafts appeared and one was flashing and the one following 300 yard apart from it wasn't.  i grabbed the binoculars and saw what looked like a 747 aircraft but the aircraft following it looked like a stealth bomber... it appeared to be a stealth bomber but it was as big if not bigger than the 747...when i pulled down the binoculars to see it with my eyes again the triangle shaped aircraft which look like a stealth bomber sped up to the 747 and then both disappeared into the sky...the sky was clear..there was no clouds for it to hide from and it was right above my head so it didn't fade from me it just disappeared....as the night went on i saw about four aircrafts in a diamond formation  with pulsating red and white lights NO GREEN LIGHTS? and it was like there became one aircraft as it got closer, flying in a pattern of N then W then N then S then E forming what looked like a diamond  pulsating pattern with like blue/white/ lights....its now 12:26am on the 16th of June and there are still lots of activity happening over head...its really really odd....its not planes. its something I've seen before dating back in MAY 26 2010 around the Brookfield, Nova Scotia area....it seems like every time i gaze into the night sky that night that the aircrafts just suddenly appear...each time i have at least one witness with me.... I have attended aviation engineering college so i know lots of different kinds of aircraft....and i have never seen this kind of aircraft that i'm reporting....i can tell between CIVILIAN MADE/ or MILITARY MADE aircraft. and this is not this is definitely something no of this world. ((NUFORC Note:  We question whether this has been submitted as a serious-minded report.  There are no reported missing aircraft in today's news.  PD));44.5667;-63.7171
