3 circular lights, rapidly spinning and blinking about 100 ft over the tree tops.;1997-08-22 00:00:00;2 minutes;3 circular lights, rapidly spinning and blinking about 100 ft over the tree tops. Driving home from football game one night, we spotted 3 circular lights close to our house, rapidly spinning and blinking about 100 ft over the tree tops. We killed the lights on our truck to get a better view of the object. We watched it approximately 1 minute, realizing this was not something ordinary, we paniced and then we turned the headlights back on to get home, the lights suddenly disappeared. There was no sound from the object what so ever. We never saw or heard anything after that. We watched outside for a few hours to see if it would return, but it never did.;32.2983;-96.0124
Yellow/Orange Blinking Light Drops Down From The Sky.;2014-08-30 23:00:00;25 minutes;Yellow/Orange Blinking Light Drops Down From The Sky Looking East, I could see a star and what appeared to be another star right under it.  I first took it for as an airplane or air craft.  I could see the light and noticed it twinkling like a star.  Then it got brighter though didn't seem to be getting closer which a plane would.  It stayed in place for about 10 minutes.  I did mention it to my friends but they weren't paying attention so I kept my eye on it because it kept flashing brighter and brighter.  Imagine a firefly's light going from high to low, that's what it was like and it was a combination of yellow/white/orange.   Then the object made what could have been 3-5 sharp drop moves.  The only way to describe it would be to compare it to the game of Plinko on the Price Is Right, you didn't know which way it was going until it got there.  Zigzag is another way to describe the drop after its short sharp descend, it was to the lower left of the star that didn't move.  From the distance that I was at, it was still far away in the sky.    I remember saying if I were 30 miles closer we could get an amazing look at it.   That's when I got up to get my phone and see if I could photograph it.   I stepped away from the camp site in order to walk into complete darkness, but the distance was too high for my iPhone to capture.  It stayed in place for another 10 minutes, blinking.   Then it made a straight move down.  That's when I knew I was seeing something other than a plane.  The descend lasted less than 10 seconds (5 maybe) it was fast and noticeable.  It dropped all the way down to the horizon and just like that it stopped, and (with me facing East) it made a right turn, now traveling South until it went behind the mounds and woods.;32.2983;-96.0124
