Sighted a large tank like object with red and green lights between two foothill peaks  near a lake and was gone next day.;1995-07-04 20:50:00;one minute;Sighted a large tank like object with red and green lights between two foothill peaks  near a lake and was gone next day. I was traveling east exiting the city of Woodlake (a rural community, population about 6000, at the edge of the foothills) headed for Lake kaweah which is a small lake with apprx. 22 miles of shoreline when full. Where I made the sighting is about one or two miles west of the lake, as the crow flies, and about five miles east of the Woodlake city limits. It was dusk, about 8:30pm as I rounded a bend that led to the winding road through the foothills. There are two peaks about 500ft+ tall with a small valley between them. As I drove by I glanced up and noticed what looked to be a large water tank setting in the valley between the two peaks with red and green lights, alternated around the upper most rim. They were lit. I could see the curvature of the upper rim. I noticed what appeared to be the seams between the panels used to make the wall of the tank. In retrospect, it must have been huge because it filled over 50% of the space between the two peaks. I could not see the bottom of it as it was hidden behind the crest of the hill between the peaks. As I drove I said to myself,  Hum! I've been through here hundreds of times and have never seen that tank before, then it hit me there can't be any tank up there. I was meeting people at the lake and was in a hurry so didn't turn back to investigate. I purposed to come back the next day on the way home and sure enough it was gone I have never seen it since. No one else from the area that I have talked to has seen anythig like it before but I am told there is an old Indian grave yard up there in the same vicinity. One lady from Woodlake told me she has seen a cigar shapped UFO in the area before. As far as I know there are no access roads up thereh except a few dirt fire roads. Nothing that would accomodate a tank that size. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));36.4312;-119.0964
