silent triangle;2011-02-17 18:00:00;5-10 minutes;silent triangle saw a pretty large silent hovering triangle went over me. thought it was a plane at first, but then i wondered if it was a UFO (as in from another race) and then it got all quiet on me (as if it heard my thoughts). kinda weirded me out. it had two white lights on the bottom of it in the center, and had other little lights on bottom. saw other quiet crafts flying too. maybe it wasn't anything, but maybe it wasn't not nothing...?;45.5959;-122.3104
Daytime UFO sighting over Washougal, WA with Photos.;2016-07-09 17:00:00;15 minutes;Daytime UFO sighting over Washougal, WA, with Photos First pictures are from where the cloud is overhead.  I noticed weird clouds and took these pictures from the home of a friend with her camera.  after this we proceeded to drive to the local walmart a few mile away.  On the way back I noticed the same clouds, but now with dual weird rainbows, real dark with a fireball like plum coming accompanying it.  I had my friend pull over to a suitable place to snap some more photos at a local marina some 5 miles from the clouds that are still situated above her house, this being after an hour shopping.  I start snapping pictures and within 2 seconds the whole cloud cloak, falls off the UFO, and reveals  a  3 sided pyramid, laying on side, with fireball plum coming off rear and intense rainbow at nose.  There is a second rainbow similar but not as intense.  I have no clue why it did not come out in the pictures.  the hypotenuse sides of the UFO were sharp and straight in completeness.  But on the facades you could see ! relief with louvers, portals, appendages etc. visible.  The other witness is viewing the same thing with complete amazement like myself.  It never moved, and being at 5pm I am facing due east so the sun was at my back.  We got back in car and by the time I looked up again it was cloaked and the rainbows were gone.  While looking at the peripheral of the situation I felt as if there were other craft in close proximity but cloaked by dark clouds. On a side  note, I have a couple of friends who independently at the same time saw from below these clouds dual concentric rainbows overhead.  Another reliability/credibility adder is that we are both professionals with degrees, my education is from The US Air Force Academy and Univ of Washington, and hers is from the Univ. of California.;45.5959;-122.3104
