The date and time is not exact.  I was the shift supervisor at a chemical plant located on the banks of the Tennessee River.  Mountains;1980-10-15 03:00:00;10 seconds;The date and time is not exact.   I was the shift supervisor at a chemical plant located on the banks of the Tennessee River.  Mountains surrounded the horizon.  There was a barge facility approximately a mile from the main plant that was unmanned.  Every two hours some one from the maintenance department had to go to the barge area for a fire watch and sign a log.   On this particular night, I decided to ride in the van with the two maintenance men to the barge dock.  The road was straight as an arrow and not paved.  When we were about halfway back to the main complex, the maintenance man driving stopped the van.  I got out of the van from the passenger side and the other maintenance man sat in the van listening to the radio. As we talked, the other person suddenly said what in the hell  is that?   As I turned to see what he was talking about I saw nothing but stars and the outline of a mountain across the river.  It was a clear night but the moon was not visible.   Initially I saw some flashing stars on the horizon changing colors as they do when they are first visible.  I said What?  All I see are stars.  He said no!  To the right and pointed.  As I looked further to my right, I saw the large shadow coming straight toward us.  It was so large I couldn't believe what I was seeing.  It had no lights and was shaped like a perfect triangle.   It passed directly over our heads and disapeared over the horizon of a different mountain.  It had a flourescent appearance and shown a greyish black surface.  It made no nise except for a gliding sound coasting it seemed through the air.   The other maintenace man in the van jumped out at hearing our talking about the object and saw it briefly b! efore it disappeared over the horizon.  I felt weird and had chills over my entire body.  We were freaked out and decided we would tell no one because it would make us seem crazy.   As we started to get back into the van, we heard a noise and it was two military jets following the same path as the triangle.  As they passed over head they broke the sound barrier and the boom echoed across the valley.  It then dawned on both of us that the triangle and the jets had come from the direction of the Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Al, about 30 miles away.   I had read about flying saucers and UFO's but at the time of my sighting, I had never heard of a flying triange.  This thing had to have been over a mile wide.  Who would believe that?   Now that others are beginning to report the same, I decided to report what I saw that early morning. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the time of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.3453999999997;-86.2739999999994
