4-6 glowing Red lights/orbs, multiple flickering white lights, and a single line of red lights.;2017-02-16 19:00:00;15 minutes;4-6 glowing Red lights/orbs, multiple flickering white lights, and a single line of red lights. Multi day event. Monday February 13, 2017 about 8:00PM,we were walking out from our barn to get our horses to bring them in the for the night.  I looked over at a small softball park that behind our property, it is closed for the winter.  I saw close to the ground a red glowing orb.  I thought at first it was someone with a dim flashlight, but then it appeared to flicker out like a flame.  Then reappeared, and then disappeared again.  I can't pinpoint exactly where it was, since I was looking across several acres, and trees.  No one else saw this. Wednesday February 14, 2017, we were again walking out to retrieve our horses.  this was around 7:30 PM.  My husband said something and stopped.. I stopped and backed up to see, a cluster of these glowing red almost rectangular in shape lights, that were up in the air, through the trees.  There were at least 7 lights, that randomly came on and off, and would reappear in other locations. These lights appeared to be dripping something.  It appeared as if there were burning embers dropping from these lights. Also amongst these, were white sparkly lights, that would come on and go off randomly.  We had a helper who ran out of the barn, to see what we were seeing, and he too witnessed the lights.  I then thought to take out my phone and record, and I did get a small white dot, that came on and off, but it is hard to see much from it.    A 4th person came out of the barn and also witnessed some of the lights.  By this time they were drifting north and getting further way, and all we saw at this point was the white sparkly ones.  We watched until they disappeared. Thursday February 15th, 2017,  this night we did not have to bring the horses in, as they stayed in most the day, but we did decide to go out and see if we could see the lights again. This was at 7:00 PM.  We saw them immediately in the same area.  Same red glowing lights, that soon went out. We ran toward the back of our property to get beyond the trees, and were treated to many white sparkly lights, and clusters of pulsating white lights, that we thought at first were airplanes.  However, I mentioned that there were too many, too close together to be airplanes, and they were not traveling, they were staying stationary.  Then we saw for just an instant, a row of red round lights, that lit up one at a time, till a row was visible, and then they went out just as they lit up.  3 of us witnessed this.  By this time the white strobes slowly drifted north again, leaving one loan red orb, hovering over the trees.  This was very far off, but we could see it.  It would move left the! n right, go up a ways.. over, and then back down. This stayed for at least 10 minutes.   My husband saw one that was a small solid light (silver/white), that he thought at first was a satellite, till it came to a complete stop.  It sat stationary for about 10 seconds, then it moved straight down, stopped again, was shining for a minute or two then went out.  We watched all this take place over about 15 to 20 minutes.  By this time we were cold, and decided to go in. We have called a friend with good cameras, to come tonight to see if we can see them again.;39.0454;-83.948
