Shortly before dawn observed a white strobe light flying above tree line, object moved and lights changed to red, green and white, hove;2000-02-03 07:00:00;10 min.;Shortly before dawn observed a white strobe light flying above tree line, object moved and lights changed to red, green and white, hovered around hills and then changed to solid white light and disappeared.;46.2783;-122.9139
Saw a bright white/red light moving very, very  fast forward, up, down and backward in the approx. area of Mt. Rainier.;2001-02-24 19:30:00;10 minutes;Saw a bright white/red light moving very, very  fast forward, up, down and backward in the approx. area of Mt. Rainier. I was in the left rear passenger seat of my car with my husband driving (my mother was in the front passenger seat).  First I saw what I thought was a falling star, a bright stream of light in the Eastern night sky falling in a slight curve for what, in my visual field, was approximately 4 inches, but was located a great distance away, so of course would have been far greater in length.  A minute or so later I saw a bit farther south but still in the Eastern sky a fast moving light that was first bright white, then red, alternating.  This object was moving very fast and again a great distance away.  The object, continuing to change from bright white to red, to bright white, etc,  then began to move in an erratic fashion, jumping forward quickly, then up and down in a zig-zag fashion--not straight up and down but more in a pointed sine wave pattern.  At this point, I said something to my husband, and he pulled the car off the freeway.  After he started watching the object, we saw it move backward, in addition to up and down.  We continued to observe this odd motion for as long as we could.  The lights from oncoming vehicles on the freeway made it impossible to continue observing the object.  I observed two objects (the falling star and the red and white lighted object) and my husband saw only the red and white lighted object).  I didn't think about it at the time, but on telling my sister about it today, she pointed out that the direction we were looking was toward Mr. Rainier, where there have been repeated sightings over the years.  Neither, she nor I nor my husband have ever seen (or reported seeing) a UFO before.  I am a medical transcriptionist and my husband is a skilled laborer in a paper mill.  We are not given to flights of fancy.  We do not drink alcohol nor consume drugs.  We are honest, God-revering, regular people.  I am 49 and my husband is 45.  As we both saw the same thing, I am sure that what we saw was a UFO.;46.2783;-122.9139
