Three glowing reddish orange spheres hovering then maneuvering at fairly close range.;2012-11-10 18:28:00;1 minute;Three glowing reddish orange spheres hovering then maneuvering at fairly close range. UFO Report Location: 3 miles east of Castle Rock, WA, approximately 1/4 mile from SR504 and 1000’ east of Si Town Road. Date and Time: November 10th, 2012, 18:28 Pacific Standard Time. Sky Condition:  No Ceiling, Clear Sky, Dark  Period of time observed:  From initial visual acquisition to their departure, approximately 1 minute. Description of Objects:  Three totally silent, solid, reddish orange glowing spheres forming an equilateral triangle.  Size: Each sphere approximately  the size of a dime held out at arm’s length. Event Description: At approximately 18:28 Pacific Standard Time on November 10th, 2012, I was driving Southbound on Si Town Road toward my home.  Three bright reddish orange spheres low to the ground initially caught my eye when I was approximately 1200 feet south of SR504 on Si Town Rd.  Seconds after my initial visual acquisition these objects were momentarily obscured by trees. When I re-acquired these objects about two seconds later I now had an unobstructed view of them.  They appeared to be hovering at this point at an altitude of 500 feet or perhaps less above ground level and about 1000 feet horizontally to the southeast of my location.  The ground level at this location is about 700 feet above sea level. The three objects were close enough to my car that I almost stopped my car as I actually feared that they might block the road, but they stayed hovering where they had been the whole time so I continued southbound on Si Town Rd.  They were totally silent.  They did not blink, rotate or change color.  They maintained a constant luminosity until the end of this event.  They were each very bright and each sphere was about as big around as a dime held at arm’s length. At this point I was not sure if I was observing one solid triangular craft with lights at each corner, or if I was observing three independent objects. As I turned east onto Ness Rd. and approached my house about 45 seconds after initially acquiring these objects they began to maneuver independently of each other, but still over the same location.  At this point they maneuvered into a straight line, equally spaced from each other and began to ascend.  I quickly pulled into my driveway with the car facing basically toward the objects.  At this point they all ascended vertically together with no horizontal travel noted.  One by one each object faded out and disappeared up into the darkness. At this point I was quite shaken. I ran out of my car and into the house to get my wife.  I grabbed my camera and tried to explain what had just happened to my wife, but there was no longer anything to see.  I called the Cowlitz County Sheriff’s Office and Castle Rock City Police Department 15 to 20 minutes after this event to inquire if anyone else had seen what I saw.  They both responded in the negative. Let me add that until retiring I was a commercial pilot and I still hold an Airline Transport Pilot Certificate. I’ve been flying since 1977.   As such I am quite used to identifying and looking at things in the sky.  The objects I observed tonight were NOT aircraft navigation lights, emergency lights, landing lights, helicopters, lighter-than-air craft, weather balloons, flares, Chinese lanterns, meteorological phenomena, satellites, swamp gas, or any other nonsense.  I know how non-aviation people can often misidentify things they see in the sky.  This was not the case tonight. These were real, solid objects and appeared to maneuver under intelligent control.   I’m still shaking from what I saw more than an hour and a half ago. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness on several occasions, and we have exchanged several e-mail messages with him;46.2783;-122.9139
