Sighted UFO which appeared to be a stadium sized craft with hundreds of windows;1997-11-14 20:00:00;10 minutes;Sighted UFO which appeared to be a stadium sized craft with hundreds of windows This sighting occurred roughly 13 years ago now. I was 11 at the time. For many years I believed what I saw was my imagination. Recently upon seeing the IS Navy declassifying and admitting to ufos, not outright aliens, but advanced unknown otherworldly aircraft indeed operate in our airspace I decided to do some looking into my old experience. Here it is.  I was home alone, watching TV, alone. My mom was out working late and would not be home soon. I forget the program that was on, but the news came on with the information that people were seeing lights in the skies above our cities. Me, loving scifi as a kid, ran out to see if I two could see the lights. What I saw burned into my memory and I will never forget.  I stood at the end of my culdisac, on my doorstep, overlooking the Edmonds woodway high school. And hundreds of feet into the air. Was massive rows of slow moving windows. Like. Almost like seeing a cruise ship slowly floating by, but you could only see the lit windows. And you could only make out the vague shape of a large object. At the time I thought of it as a slow moving train of windows 5 levels or so tall. 5 rows. Slowly traveling from the west over the school. To the east over Steven's hospital.  I ran inside to find my moms camera, searching and coming out to see if it was still there everg 30 seconds or so. The train of windows slowly drifting away. When I found the camera and finally went out to take a picture. The object which had moved over the hospital by this point. Was gone.  I readthat official reports are blaming the incident on Russian space junk traveling east to west over to the Pacific. I can most certain say as an adult. That is not what I saw. I saw windows, 5 rows tall. In lengths that I can only describe as massive. Slowly, perfectly, drifting west to east. Away from the Pacific. Level with the earth. With a faint deep droaning sound.  I now believe it was real. Coincidentally.  I had several dreams for years after that experience, of brings invading my room. As an adult I still experience this. I have had a history of night terrors though and often tell myself these are just fears manifesting in my dreams. But now I wonder. I dont believe I have any actual evidence or experience of abductions. Just bizzar long lasting dreams and irrational fears.;47.8213887323943;-122.346316901408
three objects in perfect triangle fomation flying at extremely high altitudes;2002-10-01 22:00:00;a minute or so;three objects in perfect triangle fomation flying at extremely high altitudes I was observing the northern lights and as they dissipated I continued to gaze up at the stars. I noticed a sattelite, nothing out of the norm. Then right near it another sattelite. I expected the two to drift apart, but they moved together. I assumed I was looking at two stars and I saw some sort of optical illusion. Until I noticed a third object. The three formed a near perfect isosceles triangle and moved in perfect formation from west to east. As they travelled east and reached near the zenith point in the sky, almost directly above (not a menacing abduction type above, but a general straight up), the lead object appeared to stop and vanish. As the following two reached the same vicinity they too vanished. The objects were very high in the atmosphere, if not above the atmosphere.;47.8213887323943;-122.346316901408
Strange satelite(s)?;2003-07-31 23:30:00;4 minutes;Strange satelite(s)? I was out talking to my family on our back deck about 11:30pm last night when my eye caught a satelite flying overhead.  It was nothing unusual but I was entertained for a brief second and started looking for more.  There really is a lot of stuff flying around up there.  At any rate after a couple of minutes my eyes caught a very faint light that appeared to be a satelite traveling NW-SE at the speed any typical satelite would.  At first I thought nothing of it but then my eye caught 2 more lights, just as faint as the first, forming a triangle.  The lights (I presume a satelite or group of satelites) appeared to be flying in formation at the same speed and altitute or outlined a very large craft.  How I saw this with all the light pollution around Seattle was pure luck.  Two others also saw it after I pointed it out.  I believe what I saw definitely originated right here on planet earth but what exactly it was is a mystery.  It could have been something very unique.  I've never seen anything like this before and I'd love to know what it was...  3 unrelated satelites that by chance ended up in a triangle formation?  3 related satelites flying in formation?  Some sort or communications array?  A secret spy/weapons/science platform?  Who knows?  I definitely consider these objects (or the object) I saw last night Unidentified.  It was pretty cool and I'll be looking to the northwest at around 11:30 again tonight to see if I can find it...  This time a little bit north of Seattle in Bellingham. ((FOLLOW-UP CORRESPONDENCE WITH WITNESS)) Dear ((name deleted)),  Thank you very much for the report!  I suspect you witnessed the three satellites which are seen to fly in formation, and which are thought to be part of the U. S. Navy N.O.S.S. satellite surveillance system.  We have received reports of them since 1996.  They are visible for several weeks, and then they disappear for a while.  Then, months later, they, or something identical, will appear again.   They are in an orbit that is approximately 90 minutes long, so you can plan when, and where, they will pass overhead, or within sighting distance, and watch them on the next orbit.  Thank you, again, for sharing the information with our Center!  Cordially,   Peter Davenport ((RESPONSE)) Hey,    That's interesting.  I figured it probably was something military.  There sure is a lot of stuff flying around up there...  It's really amazing that more space flight accidents (such as Columbia) haven't occured considering the amount of debris smaller than a satelite we can't see in orbit.    Anyway, I like your web site...  It's interesting to see what is reported an where.  Alien or not I think it's all interesting.  There is plenty of technology that is made right here on planet earth that borders on science fiction.  At any rate, nice work. Thanks! ((END));47.8213887323943;-122.346316901408
Glow on porch and two beings plus a man;2005-05-15 03:00:00;1min+/-;Glow on porch and two beings plus a man  500 Lights On Object0: Yes I awoke on the living room couch of my top floor apt to a noise late one night. I opened my eyes but could not move. The paralysis has happened before and so I fought it with extreme anger. After a moment I gained control of my limbs and I managed to sit up. I looked out the window onto the porch and saw a typical grey alien crouched down staring at me. To the thing's left I could see another one through the door's window trying to get in by jigling the handle. They were wearing tight black jumpsuits of some sort. I also noticed an orange glow from above and behind them but not the source of it. I was scared to the extreme. I jumped up and ran out the front door into the hallway. I ran right into the chest of a white man wearing dark clothes of some kind. The man was like a rock and I bounced backward in horror, falling. I  lost consciousness before I hit the ground. The next thing I knew I was back on the couch. The sky was starting to get light and it was early morning. I noticed that the door to my porch was ajar. I got up, still scared, and left my apt. I drove to a nearby QFC parking lot and sat in my car until it was time for work. After that I was afraid to be alone in my apt. at night. I moved out shortly after in with my girlfriend for that reason. This is just one of several events like this since I was about 9 years old. I'm 28 now. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.8213887323943;-122.346316901408
