Large triangular craft over Oakley, Kansas - multiple sightings;2009-03-24 21:30:00;~15 minutes;Large triangular craft over Oakley, Kansas - multiple sightings I was standing outside having a cigarette at 21:30 24 March 2009, and as I have become accustomed to doing I look directly up.  I noticed a large, silent craft in the shape of an equilateral triangle overhead, moving due south.  The craft had three white lights, one at each point of the triangle, which did not flash or blink, and one red light in the center of the triangle which flashed like the light of a normal aircraft. The craft was completely silent and left no vapor trail.  Although it made no sound, I could sense the craft, as though it were somehow silently moving air or altering the pressure around it, much the way you sense a person moving behind you even if you don't hear them. The craft appeared approximately one-half the size of Orion's belt on each side.  I am no expert on estimating altitude, but I do not believe it was at commercial aircraft altitude.  My best guess is that the craft was maybe three to five times the size of a large commercial aircraft, assuming it was indeed flying comparatively low.  If it was at a high altitude, based on observations of hundreds of commercial aircraft during both day and night, it would be dozens of times larger than even the largest commercial aircraft that fly over Kansas. I also briefly noticed several (didn't get a count) flashing lights, alternating between pale blue, green, and red, along the two front edges of the craft.  As it moved over my head, I could no longer see these lights.  This is the fourth time I have seen this particular craft (or others just like it) in the past month or so, but this was the first time I noticed the flashing lights along the front edges. The craft moved at a steady pace without any fluctuation in speed, roughly the observed speed of traditional aircraft.  Again, depending on altitude, it was either moving very fast or extraordinarily slowly.  The two rear white lights were visible for nearly fifteen minutes as it moved out of sight to the south.  In two of the other instances, the craft similarly moved south.  In the other instance, the craft was moving due north as it passed over me, then turned northwest (toward and over Colby, by my estimation) before turning due south and disappearing. During one of the earlier sightings, maybe two weeks prior to the 24 March sighting, I had noticed a number of other odd happenings in the sky, including two very bright lights about five or ten degrees off the southern horizon that flashed on for about two seconds, then slowly dimmed like stadium lights being turned off.  These flashed on and off for about two minutes before disappearing outright.  I also noticed several larger-than-usual aircraft flying due west over a roughly half-hour period on either side of seeing the triangle, these could have been passenger aircraft but they would have had to be flying lower than usual to appear as large as they did.  I was on the phone with a friend during this whole time, and recall relaying to him several oddities that night.  No aircraft followed the triangle, but the other oddities happened in a time frame centered on the triangle flying over.  I remember commenting on the fact that almost all the other aircraft were moving due west, as usually the aircraft at this time (this sighting was right around 20:30, just before the time change) are moving in various directions and are not as highly concentrated. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));39.1114;-100.8595
