Hello Mr. Davenport,  I'm about to share something with you that happened quite a while ago but yet I have never reported this story wi;1993-10-17 18:00:00;aprox 60 to 90 mins;Hello Mr. Davenport,  I'm about to share something with you that happened quite a while ago but yet I have never reported this story with any official source. I am from the west side of the mountains, north of Seattle. I am a 52 year old male.  I attended Wenatchee Valley College and then attended Eastern Univ. in Cheney, WA.  My major was Audiology and that's my occupation currently.  It was 1992 when I started at Eastern and I put a year in when that horrible winter of 1992-1993 took place.  At that point I decided for a change due to the record breaking winter conditions, and since I always wanted to live in Hawaii after spending time there in the Navy, I sold my truck and RV and moved to Kauai.  I attended the two year school in Lihue working towards my degree and while there I befriended a gentleman who taught at the college.  As he learned of my living status he offered me to look after his aunt's house who was hospitalized with a stroke.  I ended up spending a year in Kauai and moved back to Spokane to finish up at Eastern.  But before I left the “Garden Island” the year I spent there was the most fascinating year of my lif! e.  And not solely because of what I'm about to share with you, but also just from the people and the Hawaiian way. It was October 17, 1993, about 2 months after I arrived to Kauai, which my friend the math teacher and I were returning to his aunt's house where I was staying.  I still remember the time it was about 6:00 pm and a beautiful Sunday evening.  We were sitting in the driveway chatting before I was getting ready to go inside the house.  As I was talking to my friend the math teacher, who was to my left in his driver's seat, I noticed in the corner of my eye something strange.  As I turned my head to the right looking outside my passenger window I saw a light ball traveling fast above me through the clouds.  It looked artificial maybe 6 feet in diameter traveling very straight and whizzed right over us at a good clip. It looked to be about 500 to 600 feet up coming at us at about 2 o'clock. I only got a short glance at it this time, but I noticed it certainly was not a meteor because I could tell that it was artificial traveling at a rather at low altitude very straight.  There w! as no burning tail and it was close enough for me to get a very good look at it.  So then I turned to my math teacher friend and said “I just saw something very funny looking.”   So as we continued talking about, it then it appeared again about a minute later and having rolled my passenger window down this time I stuck my head out and saw it very clearly.  Again, it came at us at about 2 o'clock but this time I saw it turn a 45 degree turn then another 45 degree turn and took off at 10 o'clock right over the town of Lihue.  It was still daylight and even though it was simply a light ball traveling through the sky, it looked very very strange to see such a thing especially in broad daylight.  It made no noise and when it turned those 45 degree turns it didn't slow down at all and turned on a dime.  It looked like a big round lighted glass ball being remotely controlled at about 500 feet up.  Then we then got out of the car and my math teacher friend, who is a rather small sta! tured Japanese Hawaiian man, started joking and asking me if I! had bee n drinking.  He did not see this thing at all because he had a big bush along the driveway on his side of the car which blocked his view.  So at that point I went into the house and my math teacher friend took off for home. When I got into the house I realized what I just saw was not anything we have.  It had no wings, it was just a lighted glass ball traveling rather fast through the Hawaiian sky at about 500 feet up, and turned twice on a dime like something I’ve never seen before.  Again, when I saw it coming at us from 2 o'clock it then turned 45 degrees from 3 o’clock and then straight to 9 o’clock then turned another 45 degree turn and took off at 10 o'clock, and of course the times are a reference of direction.  So now I'm in the house thinking wow! What do I do now?  S o I called the local am radio station in Lihue which was only about 5 blocks from the house.  A Hawaiian lady answered and I asked her if she had received any UFO reports.  She asked me if I was into “astrology” joking a bit, and I said no but that I just saw something very strange.  I asked her if I could come down to the radio station and if she could come outside to meet me so if both of us saw it together she could repo! rt it as a witness.  So I took off on my motorcycle and the lady came out with eyes as big as saucers herself.  We then stood together looking up at the sky and at that point I felt rather silly and we saw nothing.  So after saying thank you very much, I took my motorcycle and went back to the house. At this time it had gotten dark and I parked my bike along-side the house on the lawn.  I got off the bike and looked up at the beautiful starry night Hawaiian sky and said these exact words, Well whatever it was I guess I'm not seeing it again.   Then right at that point came the second strange part of this event, as soon as I said those words &quotWell whatever it was I guess I'm not seeing it again&quot, I noticed to my right at about 3 o'clock something moving very slowly coming right at my direction.  But this time it was something totally different from that of my first sighting, there was no light and it was coming towards me very slowly.  It was again an estimated 5 to 6 hundred feet up, about the same altitude as the first object I saw, and I could tell it was going to come right over my head.  Again, this time there was no light and I watched it get slowly closer and closer.  Then, it got right over my head as I was looking straight up at it and got a ve! ry good look.  When I focused in on it I got the strangest feeling inside of me that this thing wasn't “bad” but that it wasn't “good” either.  It never stopped moving but it was moving very slowly and when it got right over my head I could see the bottom of it from the Lihue city lights reflecting off of it.  It looked like a bottom of a frying pan with its re-entry burns on its bottom, a disk approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter at about 500 feet up.  If you held a quarter over your head at arm’s length, that's about how big it looked to me from my vantage point.  And then this part was really weird, when it got right over my head I could see around it's perimeter an orange energy field, like an aura around its perimeter.  Then again, with no lights it slowly went right over Lihue into the mist and that was it.  I was agape and I couldn't believe what I just saw.  I was tempted to chase after it with my bike but I decided not to because I was kind of freaked out. The next day I went to the Garden Island newspaper and after checking and asking all sorts of people I found no one who saw either the first lighted device or the later disk. Till this day I have found no one who saw it and I still wonder what it actually was, either an alien or military devices.  Kauai does have a known top secrete missile base but I myself believe it was a space craft.  My theory is the first light ball was a remotely controlled device that either was mapping the island or recording some other type of information, and the disk I saw afterwards was the mother craft.  But I guess I'll never know because I haven't seen either since. So that's my personal UFO story and Mr. Davenport you're the first official UFO expert I have told this too.  It was a remarkable experience and it changed my thinking from UFOs being make believe stuff to something as real as we are.  Has it changed my life all that much?  Not really but I sure get strange reactions when I tell the story to folks.  If you would ever like for me to elaborate with the details a little more, and if anyone else you'd like me to share this with I'd be more than happy too. Thank you, ((name deleted));21.9836999999999;-159.369299999999
0ne round red light object in clouds  not moving for about 3 minutes the just in a blink of the eye was gone;2019-03-24 23:30:00;3 minutes;0ne round red light object in clouds  not moving for about 3 minutes the just in a blink of the eye was gone;21.9836999999999;-159.369299999999
