I saw what at first was one glowing greenish light and then a total of three that moved in unison in a square pattern down/up and then ;1998-10-29 03:00:00;7-10min;I saw what at first was one glowing greenish light and then a total of three that moved in unison in a square pattern down/up and then from corner to corner, maybe a couple hundred feet in the sky. I woke up early....I tend to wake around 2 or 3 in the morning, as a habit. I often look out at the stars. This particular night there was a glowing greenish light that caught my eye. It was bright an unusual and unfamiliar. I live close to an airport, but the airport's last flight in/out is not past midnight. There is a cargo plane that takes off every night around 2 am, but I can hear it it is a familiar sound to me.I also see the planes come in and out and I can not remember a plane or helicopter ever hover or circle around the airport. The light was not familiar to me, so I stared at it for awhile and went closer to the window to study it...it just sort of loomed over the hillside. Then it moved slowly and two other lights appeared. I heard nothing. It is very isolated and quiet where I live. I can hear the planes that take off very well, but I could hear nothing no rumble of a motor or screem of engines. I thought it was a helicopter, but thought it strange that it hovered in this particular area at this particular time at night. The lights were the size of a melon at my distance and moved in unison now. All together the lights moved like they were attached to something. First they moved 'forward' or my direction (west), then they went up and over further(south) and then back and down and back(east). And, then, suddenly they seemed to just disappear. There was no cloud obstruction and it didn't seem that the object/lights went behind the mountain or that a craft had landed. The lights were too far away from the airport to be able to land. It was very strange. Almost as if they went out all of a sudden. I would not be even reporting this if I had not been listening to Art Bell tonite. All of a sudden I felt this strange familiarity with the reports that were coming in on his show (11/16/98-Monday). I had no idea that other people were seeing this kind of thing. I just wrote it off as 'being tired' seeing a strange star(s) or, a cargo plan or helicopter I just couldn't hear. Ironically, I've been ! looking for the lights every time I get up late at night...just to satisfy my sanity more than anything...did I really see something or didn't I? Until tonite, I wasn't altogether too sure. Now, I know, that others, during this very same time period really saw something like what I saw. It is both reassuring and eerie at the same time. I only wish I had written down the experience right away or called the air control tower or something. I was afraid to call or report the sighting because I didn't want to be 'wrong' about what I'd seen. The reports on Art Bell's show make me even more sure of the siting, but I still feel strange about what I saw. I'm a teacher and this is a small town and I wouldn't want people to think I've gone nutty or something! But, I am reporting the information because so many others out there seem to verify what I too saw! Hope this helps;21.9836999999999;-159.369299999999
