There were six of us. We were on the Upper Field of our prep school where there were no outside lights. The night sky was bright (goo;1977-09-15 20:00:00;five to ten minutes +/-;There were six of us. We were on the Upper Field of our prep school where there were no outside lights. The night sky was bright (good moon out). The craft was triangular. the two sids came to a point in front. There appeared to be two rows of either lights or windows on each side, about ten in all on each side. The back had a series of lights which moved from the outer edge to the center. If I recall correctly, there were some kind of lighting systems on the under side as well. I don't recall any sound that the craft made, I believe it was silent. It flew in a N/NW direction. There is no way to determine its speed or altitude given there was nothing to match it against. Once it was close to overhead, it changed direction and moved West. We lost sight of it when it passed the back side of Mt. Monadnock. I hope that this is of interest. Currently, I work for a bioteck company in Greenwich CT. I have a MA from Boston University. My classmates who were with me are all professionals (two other boys and three girls, yes, you can guess why we were on the Upper Field). Even with the opposite sex distractions, we all became immensly intreagued with the craft. We thought it was some sort of experimental aircraft however, Pease Air Force Base was quite a distance away, and our aircraft in the late 70's didn't look much like this. The new B2 Bomber, though somewhat triangular is also a different shape that this craft. Nothing I have ever seen in our inventory of aircraft match what we saw that evening. ((NUFORC Note:  Time and date are approximate.  PD));42.8951;-72.0534
I was with five friends at prep school in Dublin NH (Dublin School a private school) we were on the Upper FIeld which was a soccer fi;1978-02-01 22:00:00;15-20 min;I was with five friends at prep school in Dublin NH (Dublin School a private school) we were on the Upper FIeld which was a soccer field which had no electric lights thus making night vision quite good. It was around 10:00 in the evening.  The object was basically triangular in shape though it was pointed something resempling an arrow.  The underside had three very bright white lights equally spaced in the corners.  In the center was a flashing red light (smaller). The right side had what appeared to be illuminated rectangular windows. there were two rows of either three or four on the horizontal. The rear of the object had three more very bright white lights in a linear line-up. THey were so intense that they gave off a prizmic effect.  They also sort of pulsed which also gave a random moving effect.  They seemed to be located behind some kind of a grid. Two other aspects were that it was very large, though my perspective was difficult having nothing to measure it against. It just appeared large.  It was also very quite and gave off a magnetc sound.  A humming as it were. We were all very surprised and had no idea as to what it could have been.  A flying wing perhaps? This was back in 1978.  One other point I wish to make, I consider all of us to be of sound mind. I myself currently work for a medical research and development company in Greenwich CT where I reside with my wife and child.  I went as far as grad school and feel that I am normal.  The same is true of the class mates who were with me at the time.  This was a very odd sighting and it was definitely there! I hope that this is of some assistance with your research.  Regards:- ((name and e-address deleted));42.8951;-72.0534
