Black Chevron object, camoflauged with the dark sky. no lights, no sound.;2000-01-20 22:00:00;00:00.30;Black Chevron object, camoflauged with the dark sky. no lights, no sound. The sky was dark, no moon. I went out for a cigarette.  I always look at the stars when I am outside.  As I was looking, I saw a very dark objectmoving from East to west.  If I did not have better than 20/20 vision, I would have missed it, as it almost blended in with the black sky.  I estimate it to be moving at around 200mph and at an altitude of about 2000 feet.  It made no sound, and being a star and airplane buff, it was not an airplane.  It had no marker lights, strobes or any lights at all.  It was very quiet, dark.  The shape was like a boomerang as it passed overhead.  As it continued away from me, I could just make out a shape from behind.  The first thing I thought of when I saw the shape, was squashed pearls. If you picture a string of 4 black pearls on a table in a straight line, then you bend the string in the middle so that 2 pearls are on one side of the wing, and 2 pearls down the other side. Then you squish the pearls down until they are oval shaped. Basically, it looked similar to the stealth bomber, but didn't have jagged wings.  It looked like a black boomerang with 4 bumps on it. Immediately after seeing this, I ran upstairs told my wife, and called the media and asked if there were any other reportings.  They told me there weren't any reportings, but took my name and number down and said they will contact me if anyone else reports anything. Why so long do I finally report this?  I always wanted to tell someone who is interested, but didn't think to look on the net until tonight after going out again and seeing the same kind of night reminding me of that night.  I can only say this.  Don't always look for lights in the sky.  I guess some of them want to remain unseen. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));49.2668334860055;-123.105239694657
Clear and close  look at unknown flying craft;2000-05-15 23:45:00;1.5 minutes;Clear and close  look at unknown flying craft Hello, In mid May 2000,  I was finishing a half hour jog and came to rest on the steps of an apartment building in the 1600 block of West 11th ave in Vancouver BC, to cool off and catch my breath .  I was facing north and it was a semi clear night with lots of small clouds.  I was ready to get up and head home and noticed something which I thought were clouds moving above a taller apt. building.  I realized what I was looking at weren't clouds but a craft of some sorts.  This was the best view I had of this craft. Even with an excellent veiw of this, I became terrified when I could not identify it, and was able to continue viewing it as it nearly flew above me.  It was traveling south (up pine st. just a half block to my left)  and low to the ground (1000 ft)  having no sound, and a smooth fast flight path.  It was black and white (or grey).  I remember thinking it was odd because at times all i could see were the lighter parts,  it blened well with the few clouds out that night.  My first idea  was, that it was a stealth plane.  It seemed to be the only match as in size shape.  It disappeared from my sight (the apartment buildings blocked my vision from it).   An intense fear over came me, due to having a good look at something so unfamiliar.  I was extremely close to an unexplainable craft. (?) I had dismissed the sighting as perhaps a hang-glider.  When telling this to friends and family, they say that a hang glider would be unlikely.  (what are the likely chances of some one hang gliding or gliding over that area that time of night?)  When reading a recent sighting on www.ufobc.org web site, 2000 - Boomerang-shaped Craft Over North Vancouver  It re-created the experience for me, and every description in that article, along with the date and time is too close for comfort to forget about.  I beleive the incident is related.  I may have seen it after the witnesses claim to, in the afore mentioned article. ((NUFORC Note:  We will direct the witness to UFOBC in Vancouver, B.C..  PD));49.2668334860055;-123.105239694657
