Several contrails that appeared to be in formation, VERY high in altitude.  ((NUFORC Note:  Probably not UFO related.  Aircraft.  PD));2005-10-29 16:30:00;1 minute;Several contrails that appeared to be in formation, VERY high in altitude -- no visible airplanes -- contrails dissapated quickly. I was in my car at approximately 4:30pm.  The sky was blue and mostly cloudless, only a few cirrus clouds here and there.  I was driving due north in a rural area.  I looked up through my window and noticed several airliners at normal altitude.  We are in flyover country, so it is not unusual to see airliners traversing the sky and leaving contrails.   While watching the normal airplanes, I noticed approximately 5 or 6 contrails very close together, to the northwest of me (about 10 o'clock high from my perspective driving north).  The closely-bunched contrails were forming parallel to each other.  They appeared to be on a southeasterly heading.  I could not see the airplanes leaving the contrails, which led me to believe that they were at extremely high altitude.  The contrails were clearly moving (growing in length).  As I continued to watch, several more contrails began to form to the sides and behind the original few.  All told there were probably around 10.  They appeared to be very close together, which led me to believe that they were high flying military jets in formation.  The odd thing was that the contrails faded very quickly.  I grabbed my cell phone and called a friend to have her go outside and take a look.  I asked her Do you want to see something unusual?  Go outside and look up to the northwest.  There is a bunch of contrails very close together.  By the time I got those words out, the contrails had faded, so I told her to forget it.  My overwhelming impression is that they were military jets in formation, VERY high in altitude.  Once again the odd thing was how the contrails faded.  It was as though they just turned off.  Very odd. ((NUFORC Note:  We agree with the witness that the objects almost certainly were contrails.  Probably not UFO-related.  PD));41.6669617021277;-86.1662627659574
