8 vertical strobing white lights above Wanaque reservoir NJ;1996-09-02 19:50:00;90 seconds;8 vertical strobing white lights above Wanaque reservoir NJ I was living in Fairlawn, New Jersey, at the time going to a cookout in Pompton Plains, driving on the highway towards the Wanaque reservoir, I looked above the hill, 200 ft. to 300ft. in the air, and saw a 50-100ft. vertical strip of evenly spaced white lights above the water, strobing up-and-down, up-and-down.  They were all the same brightness except for one light was brighter and would go up three, down five, up six, down all the way, then halfway up and so on.  It did this random strobing very fast.  It was so unusual and compelling I immediately slowed down from about 60 mph to about 30 mph(on a highway!), never looking away.  Slowing down allowed me to view it for about 1-2 minutes. I should've pulled over to the shoulder to keep watching it but my subconscious kept telling me that I would figure out what it was, so just keep driving.  When I passed the hill it was above I lost sight of it then realized I HAD to go back and see it again.  I exited, turned arou! nd, merged back on the highway, (this took 5-10 mins.), but by then it was gone. I later saw the video of the Salida, Colorado UFO, and realized they're exactly the same type.  This happened many years ago but I remember it like it happened yesterday.  I told everybody at the party and they said that the reservoir has a history of strange lights coming in and out of the water.  A few weeks later I read in USA TODAY that an incident involving the military happened there about 30 years previously a white light coming out of the water, hovering quite a while observed by many people.  The police were called and then eventually the military. I now live in North Carolina, and a few years ago saw two strange lights about 20 feet above some trees in WhiteCross NC. They were flat, about 15 feet across and did not project light but rather contained the light,  no glowing, no rays, almost as if they were portals. When I drove back to see them again, they too just disappeared. On the beltline in Raleigh, about 8 yrs.ago, I was with two driving students, and observed a small pin of green light materialize about 300 yards above some trees, it instantly expanded into an oval shape and then streaked across the sky leaving a green trail behind it. This event took about two seconds. This happened while the student who was driving happened to be talking about an event two years previously when he saw some strange green lights in the sky flying in random patterns. In the middle of his story, the green light appeared in front of us! We all shouted at the same time (sort of in Harmony) &quot oh my God, did you just see that!&quot All three of us shouted the exact same words&quot oh my god,  did you just see that&quot. The kid driving started freaking out pretty bad saying,&quotthat's it! that's it! that's the kind of light I saw two years ago!&quot it was as if 'they' heard us talking about 'them' and said, &quotyeah, here we are!&quot. Needless t! o say I had him pull over to the shoulder so we could all catch our breath and figure out what just happened.;41.0558;-74.2804
