Flying something's?;2013-12-24 23:00:00;40 minutes;Flying something's? We would love to have some explanation to what we saw I.  The sky on dec. 24, 2013. Please search SANTA spotting rapid city, sd on YouTube.  I posted the video of part of what we saw.  Other friends saw the same thing and we would love others to comment on what was in the sky?!???  First off - ((name deleted)) we love love you!!!  Please watch this video. Santa in the sky or something very strange!!  My daughter and I were coming home from my parents after we missed going to church - which is very strange for our family on Christmas.  We were driving almost a block from out house and we saw this bright light low in the sky.  It was glowing kind of like it was on fire and then started blinking red light. It went up in the sky with no sound at all.  Right after that 3 more followed and then those 3 got into a triangle formation.  They all went up into the sky as fast as a b-1, but without any noise.  We of course were freeking out!!  I had already pulled the car to the side of the road and parked and videoed the first couple.  Then they went up into the sky and disappeared!!! Just like that. We were dumbfounded.  Another guy came and watched and police cars and we all were videoing it.  Then the same thing happened again with 3 more then 3 more and then 2 more.  They all had this really bright light and then red blinking and then in less than a couple of seconds went across the entire sky and disappeared completely!!!  My friend who lives up the hill from me saw the same thing.  We are all totally freaked out and so excited!!!  My daughter, 14, Skye thinks for sure it was Santa - I don't know I say aliens??? Who knows but really this is just so cool!!! Christmas Eve in rapid city sd - so bazaar!!! I just had to show you - because our news around here does not cover any news and certainly will not cover anything that isn't explainable. Hope you check it out. Much peace and love!;44.0760575;-103.246480416667
