Multiple luminating lights seen over horizon from Lake Forest, CA;2009-11-25 17:33:00;10-15 minutes;Multiple luminating lights seen over horizon from Lake Forest, CA November 25, 2009 (originally written at 6:09 PM) Lake Forest, CA  At approximately 5:33 PM, I was sitting in the bedroom with my girlfriend ((name deleted)) while we were working on the computer when she saw a bright light in the sky and told me to check it out. This light was in approximation 33 degrees north and 117 degrees west from my location (used Google Earth to approximate degrees). The object did not move the first couple of minutes and I had the chance to get my binocular and look at it. The binocular is just a regular binocular but looking at the light or object, it was a bright and luminating yellow light (which it looked as a single connecting object without the binoculars but with them it looked like four slightly separated lights in a shape of four equal sized small circles with the gaps pulsating with light). I was only able to take cell phone photo and images (did not have my digital camera with me) but the cell phone footage along with a drawing and other material is included. Upon looking at the first light for a couple of minutes, on the opposite side of the sky (east to the visible location of the 1st object) I saw another light that was pulsating yellow that seemed to be even closer (as it looked bigger) slightly moving before moving at fast speeds. While spending only a few seconds with the binocular on the 2nd object, it too seemed to be four small luminating circles which looked as one total piece when viewed by the naked eye. The first object seemed to be in Irvine as the Irvine Spectrum is completely visible by my location (and based by my perspective was hovering above Irvine Spectrum). The second object being to the other side of the sky was clearly in a different location and in a different city. After the second light was moving slowly, I saw the 1st light accelerate slowly and became barely visible (even with the binocular). The 2nd object while visible, seemed to be moving more rapidly back and forth (appearing huge, then smaller, then huge, then barely visible and faint)th! an the 1st one. Thinking the 1st object was gone, it came to v! iew agai n (about 70-75% of the size appearance) from the earlier appearance & the 2nd object also came back to view. In observing the sky after my girlfriend pointed it out to me, the sky seemed very crowded and busy like never before. I am unsure what the objects were, but they certainly of no similarity to the other objects as the other objects were much smaller and of white colored light. If I had to guess, I would guess helicopters and possibly a jet for the faster moving object. There were other faint objects I could not identify clearly. After this and during the whole commotion, a 3rd light was clearly visible (to the west appearance of the 1st object for a brief time) but no more than two objects or lights were clearly seen and visible at any given time. As stated, the entire event was about 10-15 minutes but as quickly it all seemed to happen, the objects disappeared and did not come back (according to what we saw as we waited 10-15 minutes or so after) and the other lights! and possibly helicopters quickly after that (within 2-5 minutes after).  After the 1st light, I assumed it was some sort of projection light from the Irvine Spectrum but after seeing the 2nd (and what seemed identical) light, I knew that was not possible. I don't know what the objects were that I saw, but they clearly were not an airplane, jet, or any other similar objects as the objects even stood to what it appeared completely still at times but also seemed to accelerate at extreme speeds but surely were the most unusual object(s) that I have seen my entire life. I have attached a drawing as well along with other footage so include it at your discretion. Thank you.;33.6415876288659;-117.6922
Lights in Line Abreast Formation  traveling independently;2021-02-19 05:00:00;2 minutes;Lights in Line Abreast Formation  traveling independently A formation of 10 circular lights traveling line astern, not all equally spaced and appearing to move independently, on a northwest to southeast course flying over Lake Forest, CA near Civic Center. Maintained visibility for approximately 5 minutes before disappearing into the horizon. Confirmed whether there were aircraft or helicopter activity near my position and these targets were not visible on The FlightRadar24 Application at my location or on observed flight path.;33.6415876288659;-117.6922
