blinking light over lake michigan;2007-04-04 20:36:00;15+ minutes;blinking light over lake michigan I am in the united states navy in school at Great Lakes. I was sitting I'm my room playing a video game when I noticed a bright light in the sky that was not there earlier.  It was positioned over lake michigan blinking in and out numerous times.  During this event it looked as if little red lights were coming from it but I'm not sure if my eyes were playing tricks on me.  Our base is about 35 miles from O'Hare airiport and you could see other planes flying around but this one object did not move. It only seemed to get higher in the air.  To make sure I was not seeing things I called my roommate to come and look and he also saw the same thing I did. It just does not seem right.  As I am typing this report I am still looking out my window looking at this light or what ever it is blinking in and out.  I have been around the military all my life and have seen many different airplanes and this was not any kind of plane I have ever seen.  It might be a planet or something I don't know. I just thought this was interesting enough to report.;42.2978;-87.8689
Saw a plane in the sky that looked backward and flew across the sky silently.;2007-08-15 19:00:00;1;Saw a plane in the sky that looked backward and flew across the sky silently. I have seen, with the best that I can describe, an object in the sky that very closely resembled a commercial aircraft.  BUT!!  As far as I know, the aircraft warning lights on all aircraft thoughout the world are consistant.  One bright white light in the front, lights on the wing tips, a blinking red light on the tail, and every jet that I've seen takes several minutes to cross the sky.  I witnessed an object cross the sky in less than a minute without a single sound.  In addition, the warning lights were in the wrong place, the red light was in the front, plus the craft appeared to travel at angle inconsistant with normal aircraft.  It looked as if it were flying backwards at an angle.  The only aircraft that I know that can cross the sky in less than a minute is a satilite, and it's only a pinpoint of light.;42.2978;-87.8689
