We saw an object made up of streaming light that was approximately 1 1/2 miles long that made no sound.;2001-12-01 22:20:00;3 min. approx.;We saw an object made up of streaming light that was approximately 1 1/2 miles long that made no sound. It was basically 3 streams of light that were blue in color. Two streams were originating from the cylindrical objects.  Within the light streams were gold looking objects that on first observation looked like sparks.  Intermixed within the sparks and blue rivers of light were many round shapes which were in reds and greens.  These objects held formation.  The blue streams of light appeared to be approx.1/2 mi long though it was difficult to judge the size as it may have been very large and far away even thought it appreared to be very low and close. The whole thing was humongous.  I guessed it to be 1 1/2 mile total length and moving at a very high rate of speed.  There was absolute silence as it glided through a cloudless sky.  This was preceded by two small light sources that looked like the eyes of the craft.  We were unable to make out any structure and could only clearly see the streams of light.  The light coming from the eyes was very contained and had no light between them and the craft, and the light source did not create a beam.  They appeared to be totally independent.  There appeared to be shades of red, green and blue lights around the cylindrical objects that we could see.  When we switched off the headlights and engine to the car, it flashed a green light in our direction. Fifteen minutes prior to this sighting, we had noticed a light in the sky falling straight down towards the earth that we thought was a meteor.  We were just East and South of Winfied by Strother Field (approx. 10 miles out) when we saw this.  We drove into Winfield, and were about 5 miles North of Winfield when we turned to the West and had gone about a mile down a county road when we saw this craft.  It came from the Southwest, almost out of no where and was going very rapidly to the Northeast.  From the inside of the car, the view filled the whole windshield. At first it appeared to be 2 B1B's Bombers flying in very close and low formation.  I got out of the car because I could not believe what I was seeing and realized there was no sound.  We watched intently for the next few minutes until it just disappeared behind some trees.  We headed in the general direction and never caught sight of it again.  We tried to use our cell phone but had a huge echo and a lot of static. I am a recently retired Numerical Control Programmer for Boeing aircraft in the tool engineering department. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witness is describing the re-entry event that occurred at approximately 2120 hrs. (Mountain) on Saturday, December 01, 2001.  Please see following URL for details:  <http://science.nasa.gov/headlines/y2001/ast03dec_1.htm?list49634>.  PD));37.2386;-96.9731
