A brief and disturbing encounter on the way to town some years ago.;1980-12-01 22:00:00;30 seconds;A brief and disturbing encounter on the way to town some years ago. This is the first sight like this I have seen.Am glad there is a place to tell what things are going on out there. Saw this thing back around 1980 and thought I was crazy.Lived halfway between Arkansas City and Winfield Kansas.Was driving to town, and just a mile east of the house saw a light behind the hedge row. Looked like a plane coming this way from the airport, but the limbs of the trees were dimly lit around the light. The light was amoungnst the limbs, and small dim sparks were radiating from the light. I stopped and watched, but left as soon as the light quit. It was too close and I didn't want to know what it was.;37.2386;-96.9731
extremely bright light moving at Moc 12 North to South from Wichita Ka to the So. Horizon in less than 8sec.;1997-07-15 01:20:00;8-10..sec.;extremely bright light moving at Moc 12 North to South from Wichita Ka to the So. Horizon in less than 8sec. We were travelling so. towards Winfield Ka. after midnight riding in the back seat of my wife's fathers car.  I was sitting on the left,east,side of the vehicle.  A extreemly bright light caught my eye from the rear window of the vehicle it descended from the North side of Witchita Ka. above 20,000ft. leveled off about 1-2K feet above the ground headed directly towards Welington Ka. AS it flashed by the car on the west side my wife saw it also.  It continued in a straight line with the exception of one very little jump up and back down, maybe 500ft, untill it approach my visual horizon then it shot straight up out of sight.  This entire display laster less than 8 sec. The outline of the craft was hidden behind the brilliant light,  it did not light up the area as it travelled above the ground, as a bright conventional light would do.  No sound was hear, conventional aircraft moving at that speed and altitude would have a signature boom.  The speed would have been in the Moc 12.00 range. The object did not change color as it went verticle, It did not repeat.;37.2386;-96.9731
2 objects in close proximity high enought to reflect sun light travelling north then did a large 180 headed back south observed 3-4 min;2009-08-23 22:15:00;3 minutes;2 objects in close proximity high enought to reflect sun light travelling north then did a large 180 headed back south observed 3-4 min My father, mother and I observed two objects in relitively close proximty to the naked eye that looked like satellites travel due north.  I say the looked like satellites because they looked just like one at night only these objects we close to each other one behind the other and ive never observed two satellites travelling the same direction, same speed, so close to ach other.  I know these were not aircraft because the light that was given off was not of a strobe or landing light nature.  More of when light reflects off of metal and this makes since because the sun had set only an hour before so you only have to go so high before you reflect the suns light.  What makes this case interesting is after a minute of observing these two objects travelling north the began to change direction and over the course of about 30 secs went from travelling due north to due south.  About 15 secs before we lost sight my father and I both saw one of the objects split SE while the other object continued south.  Dont really care if this is credible or not i know what we saw.  No way it was a satellite because of the course change that was made by both objects and I know they were not aircraft because there was no strobe light and without that you cant see an aircraft at night with no moon:) 3rd sighting in 3 yrs for me here in SC KS and the 2nd for my father in 2 yrs.  Many of the locals here have observed similar or different cases.  Might not be a bad idea to check the area out if this website hasnt already.  I myself am 28 yrs old and my parents well in their 50's this is not a prank/joke.  Took the time to write this because I think you should know.  What you do with this is on you.;37.2386;-96.9731
