3 fuzzy round circular objects traveling south to north in Northern California.;2014-08-31 02:20:00;4 seconds;3 fuzzy round circular objects traveling south to north in Northern California. 3 fuzzy round circular objects evenly spaced (spaced east to west) traveling (constant speed) from south to north.  Seen thru 11 x 80 L. Henzl & Associates binoculars, while trying to observe the Milky Way.   Tried to see anything between objects but couldn't.  They reminded of the color and look of search lights used at grand openings, but much smaller in size.  I doubt anyone looking up without binoculars would have seen them.  I continued looking for another ~30 minutes, but they never returned.;37.7944444444444;-121.222355555555
On Monday, June 22nd, 2020, I had just made a left turn from westbound Airport Boulevard onto southbound Lovelace Avenue in Manteca, Ca;2020-06-22 20:59:00;2 minutes;On Monday, June 22nd, 2020, I had just made a left turn from westbound Airport Boulevard onto southbound Lovelace Avenue in Manteca, California, after getting off of work. I had just gotten off work as a professional commercial bus driver, and was just looking up appreciating the still setting sun in tonight, even though it was near 9 p.m., or 2100 hours. There were no clouds in the sky, and the view  of the crystal clear bluish-maroon sky was amazing!  As I yet traveled only one eighth of a mile down Southbound Lovelace Avenue, I was still observing the sky on occasion as I was driving down this road, when I noticed appearing from my right, which would be the westbound side of Lovelace Avenue, a brilliantly lit bluish white sphere moving gracefully through the clear early evening sky. I say gracefully, because the first thing I noticed about this bluish sphere, was that it seemed to be pulled in the South, Southeast direction of the sky, as opposed to being propelled. I characterized this type of movement through the sky, because over 30 years ago, I had considered being an aviator in the United States Marine Corps.  I've read dozens of books about aircraft since its inception when the Wright brothers flew the Kitty Hawk, so I'm quite familiar with the characteristics of aircraft of different kinds that are publicly known.  Also, I have taken a few flight lessons before, so I'm pretty familiar which additional lights on aircraft, and how aircraft wood handle and performance in the sky, since I have flown propeller-driven aircraft before like the Piper Archer II. That the movement of this sphere was so graceful, I immediately started looking for typical navigational lights seen on a terrestrial aircraft that are required whenever flying in the evening into night time. I did not observe any standard navigation lights, like the red light on the left/port wing tip of a man-made terrestrial crafts, nor a green light on the right/starboard wing tip, then a white light on the aircraft tail, nor any other required position lights on a plane. As the bluish sphere traveled from my right to my left, I estimated it's altitude at approximately 800 to 1,000 ft.  The illumination of the sphere reminded me of a clearly lit LED  light,  which never pulsated, and remained at the same light level the entire time I witnessed it.  I could not discern any discernible shape within the light, and it was only one craft I observed. The next thing that occurred to me was to see if I could hear any sound from this sphere.  Since I was driving a 2015 Ford Fusion Hybrid, I decided to drop my speed so the car would run silently on its lithium ion battery rather than the gasoline engine.  Then I rolled down the driver side window so I can potentially hear any sound that could have been made in the wake of this bluish sphere, but did not hear any sounds at all, save for the ground noise made by the tires of my car.  And I did not hear any other sounds around me as I was traveling on this road by myself. As I approached a stop sign at the dead end of Lovelace Avenue and Union Road and pulled to the side just before the stop sign, I continued observing the craft as much as possible until I lost view of it behind some trees and some other Man-made obstructions on the ground in the distance. Again, what really captured my attention was how this craft seem to be pulled, rather than pushed (propelled) in the direction, such as a plane would, as it moved along.  A very fascinating observation!;37.7944444444444;-121.222355555555
