An object decended from the sky in Connecticut into a woman's yard filling her view with a huge machine-like shiny object;2007-04-11 20:45:00;15 minutes;An object decended from the sky in Connecticut into a woman's yard filling her view with a huge machine-like shiny object disappearing. The following is a report given to me by my mother.  I will keep her name anonymous for now but will give my information and will temporarily serve as a contact person:   ((name deleted))   ((address deleted)) RD Westbrook, CT 06498 Telephone: 860-((telephone # deleted)) My mother’s report:   At 8:45 P.M. on April 11, 2007, my mother saw what she described as a sparkling object in the eastern sky that appeared to be a huge star about 2-3 inches in diameter at first sighting. My mother observed the blinking object for approximately 10 minutes.  Suddenly, the object ascended straight up within 3-4 seconds.   Immediately, the object changed direction going directly west and downward toward her at a speed that would compute to be thousands of miles per second.  Within 2 seconds the object appeared in her yard  before her as she looked through her storm door.  This object filled the whole area in front of the door and in front of her entire sight.  She felt like she saw only part of the entire object at this time. My mother felt like she could reach out and touch it.  She saw motionless oars or blades - like looking pieces of machinery of the object which she assumed was the bottom of the object. One area  was green among the blades.  There was a circular red light to right 10-15 feet from the main part of object. The red light appeared to be 4-5 inches in diameter.  She stated that the intensity of the light of the object at the time of close observation was equivalent to looking into a well - lit store window at night or of television screen. My mother’s overall impression of her close view of the object was as if she were looking at the inside or bottom of an enormous machine.  Everything appeared to be constructed of shiny metal which was thick, heavy and extremely large. Within 2 seconds, the object disappeared w/out movement or sound. My father was sitting in the same room as my mother but was unable to observe because of his immobility due to medical issues.  He can confirm that my mother was awake and communicating this information to him. My mother and father are of sound mind and can produce witnesses of this from relatives, doctors, town librarians, neighbors, friends and others. She is very gifted and well read.  She also is known to be conservative of thought and in her communications with others.  We would be interested in talking with a contact person who also lives in Coventry, CT. ((NUFORC Note:  Case turned over to MUFON/Connecticut for investigation.  PD));41.7829;-72.3319
