Three objects and static shock in Pine Valley and three witnesses;2007-07-08 02:15:00;2 Hours;Three objects and static shock in Pine Valley and three witnesses I was camping with two friends out in Pine Valley, CA, roughly 50 minutes east of San Diego in a forest/desert area on top of a mountain. We had been sitting around the fire talking, having a few s'mores, listening to 91x rock radio.  The first thing we noticed was a very bright, flashing sphere of light.  Red, blue, and green lights, and it looked like the blue lights strobed around the middle circumfrence of the ball, flashing twice per second.  Didn't think much of it until it started getting closer.  We turned up the music and began flashing the truck headlights and it grew twice as large and even closer.  At this time we were freaking out and shut off the headlights and turned off the music.  Whatever is was hovered erratically for thirty seconds and dissappeared instantaneously.  We couldn't believe what had just happened and sat back down by the fire and were talking about it when the strangest thing that has ever happened in my life hit all three of us at once.  We were in a half circle, sitting on the ground, and from the tips of my fingers spreading through my whole body I recieved a powerful jolt of electricity, a quick ZAP!  It wouldn't have been a huge deal, but ALL THREE OF US GOT HIT EXACTLY AT THE SAME TIME!  The millisecond it happened we all looked directly into each other's eyes and said, Holy $%#@, DID YOU FEEL THAT!  All three of us had recieved a shock the strength of an electric fence, at the exact same time, but instead of my whole body being shocked at once, i first felt the jolt in the tips of my fingers because I was pointing at something and it was the closest body part to the dark forest in front of us.  The crazy thing was, I thought I heard a faint zap type of a sound when it happened, and it seemed to have come from the forest, directly below where we had seen the spherical object with flashing lights.  The night had just begun.  The music and truck lights were turned back on, when two of us noticed something and called over the third person.  We saw a creamy-white light, larger than a star, but we couldn't tell if it was in our atmosphere, or out in the solor system.  It seemed far away and close at the same time.  It was moving in a swooping direction, like how you would draw a puffy cloud, or in elementary school when you move the decimal point you make the swoosh under the numbers to count how many spaces to move the decimal.  That is the movement this object was making, yet totally different location in the sky, different color, and complete different erratic movement than the first object we saw.  Immediatley following, there was one more oject that appeared way, way out, as far as the stars and about the size of a star, but it was going up, down, left, right, diagonal, every direction possible.  It was so erratic it was completely unpredictable where it would move next.  All three sightings lasted nearly five minutes each, spread out over the course of almost three hours.  That night was the clearest I have ever seen the sky, even more clear than it is in the middle of Alaska.  There were aircraft going by, easily distinguished by there red and green lights, direction, altitude and speed.  I am a pilot so I know what is an airplane and what is not,and what we saw that night, had no scientific, logical, or spiritual explanation.  We all told each other we are surely not alone in this universe.  And we proved it to ourselves that night.  Even though all three of us saw those objects, the craziest, most insane thing that has every happened to any of us was being shocked, jolted, in the middle of the dark forest, with no person, place, or thing around.  It was absolutely insane, and will remember that night for the rest of my life.  Look up, you never know what you are going to see, (or not see) that is mystifying  the universe.;32.835;-116.5127
