Crop circle seen in upstate Medina, NY at side of road near Iroquois Job Corps Center.;1980-06-30 15:00:00;5 minutes;Crop circle seen in upstate Medina, NY at side of road near Iroquois Job Corps Center. Crop circle seen in Medina, NY.  In 1980, I was 16 years old and a resident of Iroquois Job Corps Center in Medina, NY.  I often walked along the main road that led onto the property. One mid afternoon, I saw an odd  circular pattern of intertwined wheat just off the right side of the road.  I now know that it was a crop circle, probably made/left behind by a small UFO.  The circle wasn’t very big, maybe about 7 feet in diameter. It was awesome.  The green stalks had a glossy appearance because they were so evenly flat.  And the joints were bent (nodes?).²  I could not imagine what type of machinery created that pattern, and its presence did scare me a little, because I had never seen anything like it before that day (nor since it).  Special Note: One late night some weeks later, me and three other residents left the property (went AWOL) and walked very far to a bar in a neighboring town. Along the way, the roads became completely dark. We made it to the bar, and the trip seemed mostly uneventful. Soon after, IJCC staff came and got us and drove us back to the center.  During the ride back, one male friend said it took us longer to get to the bar than it should have (He'd made the trip before).  Around that time at the center, I began having UFO dreams and one was of a UFO invasion.  Fast forward year 1990 or so, I had the exact same 1980 UFO invasion dream.  Then, around year 2000 I began having a vague memory of one moment of that 1980 night. In that memory the four of us are standing on a stretch of road in pitch dark except for a single, small, dark, circular UFO. The craft was on or hovered close to the ground just off the road to my right. The lights of the craft lit the immediate area. My friends stood a few feet across from me. That is all I remember.  Did something happen? Maybe. I now know that the area was notorious for ‘strange' activity and that there was one or two stretches of road leading to and from IJCC that the staff wished to avoid after dark.;43.2212999999998;-78.3855000000002
