Extremely bright white object floating in sky with light rays radiating in all directions and changing shape several times.;2005-10-26 20:00:00;30 minutes;Extremely bright white object floating in sky with light rays radiating in all directions and changing shape several times. I had a similar sighting on October 18 around the same time at night.  This time an extremely bright light was spotted through a window as I was sitting about 6 feet across the room.  I immediately went outside.  The light was in the SW sky about 4 thumbwidths from the horizon.  I flashed a flashlight into the sky in the direction of the object.  When I did that the light changed shape many times.  It went from a vertical line, to sideways chevron (>), then it turned into a square and finally into a triangle and back to a circle.   It appeared to have rays of light radiating in all directions from it which could have been an optical illusion, although the rays disappeared within 20 minutes.  When I first went outside, every dog in the neighborhood was barking.  The light appeared to pulse after I flashed a flashlight at it.  It also morphed into a triangle multiple times-the morphing happened for the first 15 minutes.   I saw five airplanes fly in opposite directions above and below it with one looking like it nearly collided with it.  After about 25 minutes it began to dim and had very slowly descended behind a tree and within 30 minutes it had floated down and to the west too far to be seen from my vantage point.  There was no sound associated with it.  I saw a similar light this morning at 7am in the same part of the sky but dismissed it as a star.  The sky was clear and the temperature was about 40 to 45 degrees Fahrenheit. The nearest Air Force base is several hours away, an Army base is 3 to 4 hours away and the nearest commercial airport is an hour away.  This light was 10 times bigger than a star and probably 20 times brighter.  I am a former teacher and currently provide homecare to an invalid with multiple health problems. Therefore, I act as a nurse in certain respects.   My husband and son saw the light as well.;38.2938;-83.6726
