4-6 lights changing shape and size all connected with a larger center light.;2014-08-14 20:48:00;20-30 minutes;4-6 lights changing shape and size all connected with a larger center light On the night of 8/14/14 at approximately 8:48 pm, I was traveling south on Highway 10 in Catawba, NC.   As I rounded a corner in the road, still facing south, I immediately saw three white-yellow-orange lights in a vertical formation in the sky in front of me at a distance of about 10 miles.  The middle light in the arrangement was orders of magnitude brighter than anything in the visible sky.  The other two lights were also brighter than anything else in the sky besides the center light.  The lights appeared to be about three or four times the size of a radio tower light or about a quarter of the size of a full moon.  I would estimate that the lights were between 1 and 2 miles high in the sky.   The middle light in the vertical arrangement appeared to be the center or focal point for the other lights to move around.   Upon closer inspection, I noticed there were smaller, whiter lights that were not connected to the vertical arrangement that would move up, down, left,! and right.  All of the smaller white lights not involved in the original vertical arrangement of lights would move independently but would all return to the center light, which was the brightest, before finally disappearing and then reappearing again seconds later at another point in the sky.   I took video of this for two minutes before the lights, which were moving south, fell below the tree line.   I followed in the direction of the lights and about 4 miles further south (going towards Lincoln County, NC) caught the arrangement of the three main lights through a tree line.  When I stopped my vehicle, the three brightest lights were no longer in a vertical formation but a triangular formation. At this point the lights appeared higher in the sky, which I assumed meant I was positioned more “underneath” the objects.  Upon inspecting the lights, and within a minute of seeing the object at the second location, two of the lights merged and then slowly drifted to again merge with the brightest center light.  I was not able to video this formati! on.   The object then passed below the tree tops and I continued to follow south.   Three minutes later and two miles further south by southwest I witnessed the brightest main light for a few seconds before it continued to move south.  This was the last visual confirmation of the object(s).;35.6746;-81.0474
