Huge, dazzling diamond-like craft splits into two and 'dances' just over my head!;1999-07-07 21:30:00;30 minutes;Huge, dazzling diamond-like craft splits into two and 'dances' just over my head! This is what I saw in 1999, July 7th.  It was about 9:30 pm on an evening where the sky was an indigo purple and the stars were just coming out.  Jupiter flashed brightly, low on the western horizon.  This was in SW corner of British Columbia, Canada, and I was a passenger in a car traveling south. We were on a high plateau, and when I first noticed the light, it was coming in from the SW, far over the Pacific.  It was about half the size of what you filmed here when I first noticed it.  When I turned my head to mention the 'light' to the driver for just a moment, it was gone already by the time I turned back, and I had an unlimited horizon view.   Puzzled as to where it went so quickly, I forgot about it until about half an hour later when we were traveling north, heading home along the Fraser River on the east side of the river.  It was full dark by then, and we were on a narrow, winding road with considerable traffic.  The river was to our left, on the driver's side, when suddenly he said, There is your light, and pointed casually out his side window.  There it was, but picture it about 20x bigger than what you filmed.  It was diamond shaped and flashing brilliant rainbow colours, glittering like sunlight on water.  It was simply breathtaking, and it hung maybe 100 ft above the river.   I begged the driver to stop, all I wanted to do was to sit still and gaze at it, but the traffic and narrowness of the road made that impossible, so we watched it as we drove along.  Suddenly, it SPLIT INTO TWO! I felt like I was in a dream.  As soon as it split into two lights of the same size as the original, THEY DANCED A CRAZY FIGURE 8 AROUND EACH OTHER A FEW TIMES, then merged into one object again, hanging their motionless once more, dazzling and flashing with a brilliance that did not hurt the eyes. It was incredible, and how many years later, I am still in awe of what I saw that night.  Eventually the road took us away from the river and ! away from the display.  What was odd about the entire time we saw the l ight, no one else driving slowed down or crashed into anything, as may have happened on a busy highway with such a spectacle going on just about over our heads.  I reported it to the ufobc website, and was interviewed by phone the next day, but as far as I could discover, there were no other reports about it anywhere. Surely something so obvious would have hit the news?  Even the people in the car with me were not interested in talking about it later.  It was if they wanted to forget what they had seen. To me, that was crazy, but I soon found myself an island in a sea of indifference.  For all of these years I have been watching videos of sightings to see if I would ever see that kind of ufo again, and yesterday, I did, but not near as big or as dazzling, via video upload at Youtube Channel: Steven Barone.  Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdGrZWnqywk;49.0862511627907;-123.026852713178
Stranger square-shaped craft over Delta, B.C.;2004-05-04 21:30:00;1 min;Stranger square-shaped craft over Delta, B.C. It was raining lightly that night. We  had  left Ladner on Hwy 17 North and were on the southbound exit to Hwy 99, when I first noticed the large bright multi-colored lights (blue, purple, white, orange and green) to the northeast over Surrey.  At first I thought it was a helicopter, but as we neared the Boundary Bay Airport the craft passed over our car and despite the fact that we were going 100 km/h seemed to hover keeping pace with us.  I looked out the passenger window and saw the expansive square-shaped dark grey underside (no identifying markings) with 4 sets of 3 equally  spaced  (about 30+/-10 ft apart) oval lights lined up end-to-end emanating from the center to each corner.  It was no more than 1000 feet off the ground and large enough to block the rain. There were no seams, hatches, flaps, or tail rudders visible, no discernable means of propulsion , and no sound. It continued southwest, and when I last saw the craft it was following Hwy 17 South  in a slow and unhurried manner. The sighting left me shaken and dumbfounded .  I called McCord Air Force Base  about a year ago to see if anyone could help to explain what I had seen, but I have yet to hear from them. As a side note, earlier in the day on our way to Ladner about 13:00 hrs there were Canadian and US Fire Planes flying over the same area.;49.0862511627907;-123.026852713178
