When it moved it moved in a wave formation, and as it accelerated into space, it changed it's wavelength.;1971-09-10 21:00:00;30 seconds;When it moved it moved in a wave formation and as it accelerated into space, it changed it's wavelength. from a short wavelength to a It was September 1971 at about 9:00 PM on a cool evening with wisps of fog. I was driving down River Road in Delta, BC, with two friends, ((deleted--male #1) and ((deleted--male #2)), who were both practicing for their driver's license. It was ((male #1)) turn to drive, as we were heading Northeast on River Road.  ((male #1)) thought he saw a light and stopped the car he thought it might have been the police and as they did not have their drivers license yet.  I couldn't see anything, but since I was the only one with a license, he told me that I better drive for a while just to be safe. I left the passenger side and walked around the back of the car while ((male #1)) and ((male #2)) slid over to the middle and right side passenger seats.  When I opened the driver's door, that's when I noticed the glowing white sphere on the paved road, above the road center line, 20 feet from the front of the car.  It seemed to be about one foot or more in diameter, hovering one yard above the road for about five to eight seconds.  It was very bright.  I looked in through the driver's door at my friends.  They were both in shock, with their mouths wide open.  I called to them twice and they would not respond.  I then turned back to what, I now call the, Intelligent Light Sphere.  It then moved higher above the road and in a wave formation over an eight foot ditch, parallel to the road.  Along the ditch there was a stand of birch trees and the Sphere, with silent, fluid movement, flew beside them and found an opening. It easily flew through the opening traveling at five to ten, miles per hour.  It then descended to about one yard above a recently harvested cornfield where the cut corn stalks lay angular from the harvester.  It stayed in that position for a few more seconds and then again, in a wave formation, started to move up the Fraser Valley toward Hope, B.C.  It then accelerated and a split second later, quietly, zipped out of sight, toward space at tremendous speed!  It was just so cool!  I felt like it was saying to me, Look what I can do!  My two friends and I were, obviously very excited over this encounter with this Intelligent Light Sphere. The thing that really sticks out in my mind, is how the Sphere looked when it left. Just as it started to move, it entered into a unique wave formation.  As it accelerated, it appeared to change it's wavelength and it maintained this wave formation until its very high speed made it difficult to see anything but a streak of light.  The wave formation, at speed, was like a sine or cosine wave with a wavelength of about 500 feet and amplitude of about fifty feet, approximately. I feel, what this Intelligent Light Sphere was saying is If humans want to travel faster than they can now, they have to enter a wave formation when in flight.  I will never forget this experience, and feel honored to have seen this intelligent sphere, and its dynamic expression.;49.0862511627907;-123.026852713178
Blue-green sphere appears over the ocean, hovers for a few seconds, before shooting off, and vanished.;2016-02-09 00:45:00;5-10 seconds;Feb. 9th, 2016.  British Columbia, Canada. Blue-green sphere appears over the ocean, hovers for a few seconds, before shooting off, and vanished. I was  driving on my way to work, heading west along Deltaport way, when I noticed a green-blue sphere-like shape over the ocean.  The object started off small, like the tip of a pencil, then as it got closer, was the size of a penny of a street light in the distance then stopped.   After pausing for a few seconds and illuminating blueish green lights, it shot in a northern direction, leaving a small streak behind, then vanished.;49.0862511627907;-123.026852713178
