I drive a sweeping truck for a living,and this night an employee and i were heading to our next stop,when we both noticed a red light s;1997-07-12 01:30:00;10-15sec;Summary : I drive a sweeping truck for a living,and this night an employee and i were heading to our next stop,when we both noticed a red light spherical in shape appear,then it just went straight down in a perfect line and dissappered again...I know it wasnt an airplane because thier lights pulse,and th way it went(stright down)it couldnt be,it wasnt fireworks either because we saw nothing go up.......So what was it??????? The object was round to the shape ..From where my co worker and i were at it looked to be about 10 feet wide...when it went down there was no trail behind it like a tail or anything it moved rather steadily when it came down......My co worker and i work for a sweeping company so we are always out at night observing the skys eapecially after all these new sightings have been announced.....We listen to Art Bell everynight so he keeps us informed about whats going on...like the strange thimgs that just happened around seattle that the Government is covering up!!!Well thats about all i can tell you,,,,,But i still want to know what it was?????;33.8358;-81.1215
Large Green Ball(?) of Light Plummeting towards Ground;2006-01-31 20:00:00;5 seconds;Large Green Ball(?) of Light Plummeting towards Ground I stood in neighbor's driveway, and neighbor quickly called my attention to a falling green light in the northern sky (the sky between Town of Gaston and towards the CAE Airport).  He saw it seconds before I did, and to him it was above the plane headind straight down. I saw it as it looked almost level with the plane. To me there seemed to be a slight curving trajectory, but I believe that was an illusory affeft due to the flight plan of the plane. A treeline on the immediate horizon hid anything further.  The plane was heading in an easterly direction.  I waited to hear sounds or see lights of impact, but none came. There were no sounds during flight, and the light was not hazy or changing, nor did it flicker. I do not know if it landed or impacted the ground.  Notice: Due to distance, the descriptions of relative position are biased in perspective. I cannot fully say that the light and plane were close at all, or even truly crossed paths. Non-converging paths can seem convergant from such a perspective over distance. I could not distinguish any 3D spatial relationship, only as a 2D p.o.v.;33.8358;-81.1215
