This is the second time I have seen the same or very simmalar object over local landfill in a 16 year period.;2009-01-08 18:30:00;45sec-1min;This is the second time I have seen the same or very simmalar object over local landfill in a 16 year period. To whom it may concern, Yes I am writing this in concern of the matter of a U.F.O. that was sighted by myself and my current girlfriend  on 1/8/09 (last night) at approxamately 6:30pm-6:45pm wile traveling north on hwy.  6 just a fourth of a mile before hwy. 302 in Lexington County, SC.  I was in the passanger seat when I noticed to my right above the treeline a good half mile off the road we were on a brightly luminated object that was the color red when I first noticed it and to me it looked like it had risin up out of the wooded area and came to a rest or hover just above treeline and that is when I told my girlfriend to pull over and look at that at that time the object had started to move vertical very slowly but when it started to move upward the object did something strange it changes size, and color. From a bright red to a green,orange,purple then blue. From where we were the object seemed to be a sphere and kept a spherical shape even as it changed size and color but when I first seen the object as I stated it was a bright red and  I guess then it was about the size of a dime on the horrizon but when changed to green it got smaller to about half the size of a dime then it went to a amber-orange color it expanded to about the size of a half dollar on the horrizon then it turned to a brilliant violet-purple and it went to the smallest size witch was about the size of a BB then the last color was again a very beautiful brilliant blue and then was just a little bigger than the BB sized purple and that was what it looked like as it went up through the clouds the color was so bright that as it went through the clouds it also lit up the surrounding clouds. But as it was moving upward and changing colors and size it made a few really fast zig-zag moves then went straight up through the clouds. All of this sighting happend in a matter of 45 seconds to a minuite after pulling the car of the road. But what I think is really strange and you will too is that in 1992-93 me my father and my sister whitnessed an object exactly like the one I saw last night. And it was very near the same place just back in 92-93 my family and I saw it from a different location witch was on Fish Hatchery Rd. in Gaston,SC  but a good mile from my then home the object hovered and changed size and color but what is interesting is that then it was over a area that is the Lexington County Lanfill and when we saw the object last night it was over the same landfill my girlfriend and I were just on the hwy 6 side of it but back in 92-93 my family and I were exact oppisite on Fish Hatchery Rd. side. Now there have been for years talk in the community that there may be Millitary Weapon Sylos on the Landfill complex witch I guess is about ten miles squared in a heavily wooded area. I really do not know if there may be missiles or nukes or any other thing there that anyone or anything may find interesting on this landfill property but I know what I saw and this is the second time I have saw it above this area and whatever it was it must have been interested in something there. Both times I got this feeling that whatever this thing was intelligance was there. I was 13 at the time of the first sighting with my father and sister and I am 29 now and I just hope I am  lucky enough to whitness something that intelligent and beautifull again before I die. Also I would like to add these two times I whitnessed a UFO were the only time in my life I had ever seen something unexplainable in the skies of SC or anywhere else in the USA.  Thank You For Your Time, ((iniatials of witness deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and we found him to be both serious-minded, and apparently quite sincere.  We strongly suspect that this is a quite accurate report.  PD));33.8358;-81.1215
