lights in my home that seemed intelligent and not a ghost;2009-04-03 13:45:00;30 seconds;lights in my home that seemed intelligent and not a ghost I had previously seen A UFO either last year over the house next door which was reported and investigated.  Earlier this month I am not sure of the exact date I was cleaning my kitchen island and happened to look down my hall. I saw this light. I wouldn’t call it a ball of light.  I would say it was like large sausage shaped lights entwined into each other it was a sunny day and my hallway is dark it came from my bathroom, I would not say it floated it seemed to have a motion like the sausage lights were moving within the shape of a rounded off cube.  There were no hard edges and the lights within the shape moved as it was going from one room to the next. At first thought I thought it was bluish lights on some of these sausage shapes and some were perfectly white.  Luminescent.  It seemed to hover for a second and I had a strange feeling it was intelligent. I know that people are starting to think I am crazy.  That is okay by me.  I just know that someone out there has seen something like this. I have also had some crazy stuff happening at home.  Something said something in my ear while I was lying down.   My dog who was beside me heard it and started to bark like there was someone in the room.  It was loud and I could feel it down my ear canal.  I have been researching to see if someone had died in this house but I have come up with no explanation. I think all this started to happen in the last few years when I saw a round object in the day sky go over my backyard. It had a military plane a few hundred feet above it. My husband was in the living room with me when I watched the handle on my sun porch move and the door opened.  He heard the handle and went over to check it.  No explanation for that either.  I am getting scared as I am alone a lot. I am not crazy.  I am just an average person who is an open book and doesn't care if you believe me.  But I do think it should be documented. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.1145;-71.3236
July 31 @ approximately 10 and 10:30 pm watching the night sky and saw two separate balls of light very large streak across the sky.  I;2011-07-30 22:00:00;seconds;July 31 @ approximately 10 and 10:30 pm watching the night sky and saw two separate balls of light very large streak across the sky.  I have a great binocular that are for viewing the sky at night but this I saw with my own eyes.  My husband didn’t see either event.    I also am wondering what a satellite looks like because there was an object I saw with the binoculars that had a light in the middle nine lights on either side with bright lights emanating out of the end lights like a flash light and three lights on the outside centered with the middle light.      Is this a satellite?   I can’t be sure but the two balls of light streaking across the sky came from that direction.   Plus does the satellite stay stationary?   I put together a diagram but the light is emitted from the longer rows of lights outward and the middle light was more of a blue smaller light.  It was stationary for most of the night.  But balls of light streaking from that direction happened quickly.  Not sure if it came from this object.;42.1145;-71.3236
Bright blue light hovering around old airport.;2014-08-24 21:00:00;20 minutes;Bright blue light hovering around old airport My fiancé and I we’re driving home by the old Norfolk airport (basically a large empty field with a runway).  She was looking up at the stars over the airport when she yelled at me to pull over.  I did, and she then pointed out a blue light in the sky over the tree-line.  The light was small at this distance, it hovered in place for a few seconds, then moved right, and immediately reversed direction.  She started filming on her iPhone. I then decided to try and get closer to where it seemed to be hovering.  I sped down a few streets trying to narrow down its location.  We ended up near the Norfolk ice rink, where we found other people filming this light. We pulled over behind one car with two guys filming the light, and there was also a guy out of his van which he left in the middle of the road.  There were 5 of us standing there watching this light hover directly above us, slowly moving towards the woods.  The light was constantly changing direction above us.  After about 3 minutes of filming, the light moved towards the woods and that was last we saw of it. 	We could not make out the shape of the object due to the night sky being the only point of reference behind the light.  We could make out four bright lights that seemed to be on the bottom of the object.  Two were blue and two were red, giving off a purplish hue in between.  The lights were in a square formation.  There was absolutely no sound coming from the object.  Due to all of these factors and attributes, we could not determine the size or distance of the object.  It could have been large and far away, or small and up close.  The whole encounter lasted approximately 15 minutes, with roughly 3 minutes of recorded video.;42.1145;-71.3236
