Dim star that moved sharply,  and intentionally;1998-05-20 03:15:00;20 seconds;Dim star that moved sharply,  and intentionally At approximately 3:15AM on a spring morning, in 1998, I stepped outside from my assigned housing unit at Massachusetts Correctional Institution at Norfolk to have a cigarette.  I looked straight up, because the facility is well lighted, both inside and out, making star gazing less than spectacular.  I happened to focus on what I believed to be two ordinary stationary stars. One star was of medium brightness, and the other star, at the 3:00 o'clock position, was very dim, just half as bright, and about the distance of a quarter held at arms lenght from the other star.  Suddenly, the dim star, just a speck of light, made sharp, angular manuevers, all within close proximity to the other star.  I remember exclaiming to myself holy mackerel, that thing is moving.  I nearly ran inside to get my work partner, but I was afraid to lose track of it, so I just kept watching. Then the pin prick of light made a circular move, which brought it to the opposite side of the stationary star, to the 9:00 o'clock position. These moves only lasted 4 to 5 seconds, maybe a moment more or less. It hesitated for a split second, and then headed south.   I had the presense of mind to start counting: one-one thousand, two-one thousand, three-one thousand, four-one thousand, five-one thousand, six-one thousand, gone!!!  over the southern horizon, where I lost sight of it at about 15 degrees over the horizon.  This speck of light had no sound and no tail.  It never flared brighter or dimmer. This speck of light, which I perceived to be very high in the atmosphere, crossed half the night sky in six seconds!!  It did not blink.   After making its manuevers and going south it did not accelerate, but simlpy arrived at its intended speed and went absolutely straight.   This once in a lifetime observation has annoyed me since it happened and I'm pleased to report it. I have since retired from that line of work.  I look forward to spending many pleasant summer nights observing the the night sky and watching for stars moving in ways that neither the stars or our known military craft should be able to do. Sincerely,  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.1145;-71.3236
I was in my pool, looking up and heard an airplane above. I looked and saw a small personal plane flying over head, to the left of the;2020-08-09 17:27:00;2 minutes;I was in my pool, looking up and heard an airplane above. I looked and saw a small personal plane flying over head, to the left of the plane I saw an object that I initially thought was a hawk. I have chickens so I was wary of having hawks overhead so I watched it to see if it would come down from where it was. It was very high up in the air, it had what I could imagine was a wing span. I was waiting for it to circle the air the way hawks do and it didn't, it just hovered, then it moved slowly. I figured it was a hawk surfing the wind. But it still didn't behave like a hawk. So I thought maybe it was a vulture or an eagle. I came to the conclusion that it was a type of eagle or vulture. I kept staring at it, it must have been about 1 minute by this point. The airplaine was out of sight. Then all of a sudden, it changed direction and shape and what looked like a bird then looked like a dark ball or sphere/disc with a slight shine to the top of it and it seeme! d like it was rotating while it quickly descended downward at an angle of about 45 degrees with a purpose, no wavering it was a clean line,toward the direction where the plane was headed although the plane was not on a descent. the object had no wings at this point. I wondered if it was a drone? I looked up drones with retractable wings but couldn't really find any. I also looked up drones that look like birds and couldn't find a match. I know drones have lights, but this thing didnt have any. So strange.;42.1145;-71.3236
