2 shape shifting objects and one small turquoise object sighted over NW New Mexico in daylight;2008-03-22 14:00:00;15-20 minutes;2 shape shifting objects and one small turquoise object sighted over NW New Mexico in daylight My brother and I were hiking through a small rocky area approximately one-eighth of a mile from the nearby apartment complexes in a small neighborhood of NW Gallup, New Mexico.  We had ascended to a nearby cliff division and took a five minute break.  There was a wind from the SW 15-20 mph and the skies were mostly clear.  I noticed a few large aircraft pass through overhead which is normal in this area.  I looked away viewing the area around us when I look back up - directly above our resting location when I noticed a large round white object.  It was about one-half the size of the moon at this point and was not moving.  I pointed it out to my brother and we looked at it for about 2-3 minutes while it remained motionless above us.  It was obvious to us that it was not a balloon and did not resemble any of the other aircraft in the vicinity.  I had sunglasses on that have polarized lenses so I could see with fair clarity when I realized the object had nearly doubled in size and had turned mostly bright red.  My brother seconded this observation and the object began rotating and changing its physical appearance.  This began happening about 5 minutes after our initial sighting.  It was rotating in a clockwise motion and appeared almost translucent or had some kind of field around it that gave it a translucent appearance.  The red color of the object slowly became larger and smaller as it rotated.  It would become oblong, oval, round, square, and sometimes appear to have protrusions that seemed to come out of the body of the object itself.  We then noticed large aircraft begin coming in from all directions and seemed to have changed their original trajectory in order to come into contact with the object.  Presumably they are of military origin and had detected them on radar or from some type of space platform.  3 of these aircraft came close to the object but I am unable to approximate the altitude.  You could see contrails that slowly disappeared behind the jet aircraft.  Then the object disappeared. I waited for about two minutes when suddenly an identical type of object as the first appeared in the same location and was bright white and was also rotating.  Then a small bright turquoise light appeared to come out of it and was shining much brighter than a star.  It moved away from the other craft and appeared to dance around to the side of the other object for about 3-4 minutes.  I could see more aircraft begin to aim towards the objects when suddenly the phenomenon disappeared.  We waited for about a half hour and no other objects were sighted on that day. The next day Sunday, my family and I witnessed a larger sighting that I will report for the appropriate date. I had also submitted an earlier report which can be seen at  http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/016/S16585.html;35.5032363636364;-108.743522727273
