12 object formation over NW New Mexico on Easter Sunday;2008-03-23 13:45:00;20 minutes;12 object formation over NW New Mexico on Easter Sunday It was about 1:45P and my wife, two kids (female age 7 and son 8 months old), and I had packed up our vehicle and were northbound from our home on the way to her parents for Easter Sunday family outing.  She was driving while I rode in the front passenger side.  The road to the highway from our home slopes downhill and gives you a view of NW Gallup on the outskirts and a railroad system that goes W to E.  I was describing to my wife an encounter that had happened to my brother and I, just the day before almost exactly 24 hours ago.  I then looked ahead above the railroad tracks as we went down the hill and saw a bright white round object and I stated that what I had seen earlier looked exactly like it!  While we proceeded closer I could see that it was not moving in any conventional manner.  It did not appear to be moving at all.  Suddenly two more identical objects appeared to the N and to the SW of the initial object.  We turned down Highway 66 and I had become quite excited by this point.  We took another turn which goes north and across the railroad tracks and then took another right which takes you down Warehouse Lane, which is home to Burlington Northern, and a few other municipal installations.  I had my window rolled down and I had not taken my eyes off of the formation when we had come to a stop off the side of the road.  I got out and looked above and could still see three objects when suddenly I could see one more, then another, then 6.  They seemed to just appear from nothing and then I detected some that looked like they were coming down from space at very high speed.  They zipped down so fast that a few looked almost like a meteor coming down.  They were all moving independent of each other and it had gotten to a point were I could count up to 12 of them.  They were at different altitudes from each other but all were going in a mostly W – SW direction.  It was partly cloudy and windy at about 20-25 mph from the SW.  I noticed one object that was different from the rest in that it was quite a bit larger than the rest (about the size of a quarter held at arms length) and was rapidly rotating and changing forms.  It looked somewhat translucent but it seemed like it had some kind of field that enveloped around the shape of the object.  Around the edge of the field was slightly brownish and seemed much closer than the other objects.  I could see approaching aircraft coming in from all directions and are what I would deduce to be military jumbo type aircraft.  When a few of these planes came close a few of the objects actually appeared to be playing with the jets.  They flew in very close proximity to the planes and flew even alongside them for a moment or two.  The formation almost seemed like a flock of geese or a school of fish in the ocean the way in which they moved with each other. There was no noticeable noise that came from these objects.  They all slowly disappeared through a cloud front that was approaching from the W or by just disappearing as the fleet headed W.;35.5032363636364;-108.743522727273
