Individual light moves to intercept large chevron.;2018-08-12 21:45:00;1 minute;Individual light moves to intercept large chevron. It was roughly 9:45pm EST I was standing on my deck hoping to see some of the Perseids when three solid lights appeared slightly south west of my position roughly 90 degrees above the horizon heading in an easterly direction.  The lights were brighter than most stars and solid, and they were moving about as fast as a typical plane or drone seems to move across the sky (much slower than the Perseids).  I quickly realized that the three lights were maintaining a chevron pattern with the chevron pointing north making it seem as if the chevron was moving sideways west to east.   After I realized the nature of what I was seeing I realized the chevron was also accompanied by a low rumbling sound, similar to a plane but an octave or two lower and a bit quieter.  A few seconds after that a bright light caught my attention in the east sky.  I turned to see a bright stationary light had appeared due east of me approximately 90 degrees above the east horizon.  The stationary! light was initially more luminous than even Mars has been recently.  The stationary light began to move in a south westerly direction directly toward the chevron lights.  As the lone light accelerated to the average speed of a plane or drone its luminosity reduced until it was no more luminous than a moderately bright star.  As the lone light approached the chevron both objects became more faint, eventually disappearing in the middle of the southeastern sky. The entire experience lasted a bit longer than a minute.  During that minute the chevron lights never broke formation.  The sky was exceptionally clear and dark due to the new moon.  None of the lights flashed or blinked in the least, only ever reducing in overall luminosity.  A final note on the size of the chevron...the chevron lights were no bigger than large stars, but the chevron itself, if I held up my fingers, I could fit 2 but not quite 3 fingers between the lights. That distance never changed. The three chevron lights always moved in complete unison.;44.5366;-69.463
