MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  My family and I witnessed the strange lights.;1978-06-01 20:00:00;20 minutes;My family was visiting relatives in Elsberry during the time of the sightings and we witnessed the strange lights. I was about 14 years old at the time and still remember the events quite clearly.  One does not easily forget something like that.   We were out fishing at one of the neighbors ponds and it was getting pretty dark so we decided to head back to my uncle's house.  When we got to the location where the truck was parked, somebody pointed out several small lights that seemed to be traveling in a criss-cross pattern back and forth across the moon.  We started back home - I think we were traveling on Fox Run Road.  My cousins, brother and I were all in the back of the truck and it seemed like the lights were following us.  When we got to the house, we noticed a single bright light moving slowly from left to right just above the horizon and across the road from the house.  It was probably a few miles in the distance.  The light stopped and hovered for less than a minute.  Then it got very bright and in a flash it was gone.  We could not detect any sounds.  If there were any we should have been able to hear them in such a remote and quiet place.  I remember my cousins talking about reported cattle mutilations the next day and how somebody had found branches with flies burned into them.  That's all I can recall clearly.  There may have been some helicopters flying over the area shortly after we saw the lights but that part I'm not 100% sure of.  Report taken by Missouri Investigators Group - B.Becker ufomig@yahoo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD);39.1554;-90.815
