06:45 am Friday October 31st.My neighbor,wife,and I was on the back porch.I was looking up at the stars and noticed what I thought was;2014-10-31 06:45:00;20 minutes;06:45 am Friday October 31st.  My neighbor, wife, and I was on the back porch.I was looking up at the stars and noticed what I thought was a shooting star.  It never burned-out like a shooting star would normally do.  It proceeded to slow down and a make a 90 degree turn.  Continued very slow almost like it was hovering.  We could tell it had red lights. It finally disappeared into the clouds.;33.7224;-84.9303
UPDATE: Flying strobe lit object travelling at very high rate of speed;2015-05-17 23:15:00;2 hours;UPDATE: Flying strobe lit object travelling at very high rate of speed This is an updated report for what I saw on 5/10/2015 and reported here the next day.   Last night (5/17/2015) starting at approximately 21:30, I saw the same strobe type lights flying while I was on my back deck.  Like originally posted, there was only one object but this time it was flying erratically at a lower altitude.  Once the lights disappeared, I continued to watch the sky from my back deck.  I did not see anything else over the next ten minutes so I went inside to take care of a few things.  I started thinking that since I saw the object twice now within a week, that the chances are I may see them again if I go out into the yard and watch the entire sky for an extended period of time.  Once I was finished taking care of a few things inside the house, I came back out and sat on the back deck with my wife and told her if I saw these lights again, that we would go out to the back yard to watch for them.  About 10 minutes later, I saw the strobe lights ! for a single object flying high in the sky and quickly disappeared.  The speed these objects seemed to be flying was incredible like I noted in my last report.  I went out into my back yard and started watching the sky around me.  Within a few minutes, I noticed that while facing east, there were dozens of these lights that appeared to be flying within and around the group of trees in my neighbors back yard.  I called my wife out and we watched the lights strobe effect for several minutes.  These lights looked like mini LED flashlights that flicker brightly.  The color is pure white.  Fireflies are a yellow-green color when they flash and fireflies flash at a much slower rate.  Given the way these bugs (as they must be some type of bug now that I have seen them fly within and around trees), I did some research on the Internet about reports of white strobe lights flying around trees.  There are many reports on different web sites about this phenomenon! and there is much speculation as to what they are.  While sea! rching t he Internet, I am not able to find any bug that emits a solid white light, so this is till a bit of a mystery and these bugs may explain a lot of what people are seeing since the initial report I filed looked like a high-flying craft with strobe lights and seemed to fly at incredible speeds.  Since these can only be seen at night and since they appear to be small, I do not think they will come out to well in pictures or video.  I will try to take footage tonight and if anything comes out I will post the images/video here.;33.7224;-84.9303
