2 objects with Pulsating lights changing colors.  They hovered in the same spot for about 15 minutes.  ((NUFORC Note:  Stars??  PD));2007-05-07 22:00:00;15 minutes;2 objects with Pulsating lights changing colors.  They hovered in the same spot for about 15 minutes. My husband called me outside to at first look at a star that seemed to be rapidly changing colors.  The colors were blue, green, white and red.  The red would flicker or kind of pulsate then change rapidly to different colors.  I looked a little further North, and I saw another one doing the same exact thing.  However, this one looked much further away.  We went in the house and up to the 2nd floor to get a better view.  We could see it for a while, the closer one seemed to slowly drop lower and lower towards the ground.  We watch it get and closer and closer to trees, (could be due to the distance though) After about 5 minutes we could not see it anymore.  Then in the same area where we saw it, a helicopter with a search light flew over the area.  I though about calling 911 to report it, but then I felt silly.  After the helicopter was gone, we looked North again to see the other one...and it was gone too.  I do not know if it disappeared or flew away because I was trying to see what the helicopter was doing. Maybe someone else reported it. But we definitely saw something and it was not a star or an airplane.  Both objects were too far away for us to describe a shape or anything more detailed.  My husband and I own a credit repair agency and are self employed.  We just typed on google where to report a possible UFO sighting, and this website came up.;33.7224;-84.9303
Yellow haze with 4 objects that are related to haze.;2007-12-10 20:00:00;45 mins;Yellow haze with 4 objects that are related to haze On December 10, 2007 I received a call from my friend to go outside. Her nephew had run to her saying they saw something and it looked like an asteroid entered into the atmosphere and exploded.  I ran outside for a look and immediately ran in for my family. I called my niece and had her on the phone. When I looked up it looked like a bright yellow tinted haze at first. We continued to watch because the haze began to change a little, it expanded and got brighter. As we were watching we saw something fly quickly up beside it on the right. The object went up and over the top of the haze and disappeared. Then another appeared on the right side it was flying slow at first and then it shot off across the sky, we never took our eyes off of it. It went across our horizon and then it stopped and went back in the other direction. As it approached the haze another bright object flew up and disappeared below the haze, then the 2nd object just disappeared. Next the bottom left corner of the haze looked as if it was funneling, just the corner of it. It was like nothing I’ve ever seen. We were in awe and yelling at each other “do you see that”. Then through the center if the funnel shot out a bright round object. It flew directly out then around to the right side, flew up and then disappeared. The skies were clear and beautiful, not a cloud in site.  I’m not sure exactly what that haze was but there is no denying the 4 objects we saw.  To me, they didn’t appear to be in our atmosphere but above it although I’m not sure. The whole experience lasted about 25 minutes.  The haze didn’t completely fade for another 10 minutes then it was completely gone. The witnesses were myself 32, my husband 31, my sister 28, her husband 30, my 2 daughters 7 & 11, and my niece 16 who lives 3 miles away.;33.7224;-84.9303
Intense bright light thru bedroom window, tree next to window bent over and touches ground.;2009-06-01 02:00:00;5 sec;Intense bright light thru bedroom window, tree next to window bent over and touches ground. Very intense light observed penetration through one of two bedroom windows. The light did not penetrate through the second bedroom window. The light appeared dim at first then intensify very quickly. Shut off then on again. Like something out of a Hollywood horror movie. Duration = 0.5 sec for dim light, 2.0 sec for intense light, 0.5 sec for off, 1.0 sec for very intense light. This happened on three occasions over a two week period. Didn’t think much of it except a small tree next to house is now bent over. (Tree top now touches the ground)  The small tree is located next to bedroom window where light penetrated. The small tree is part of a group, and other trees in group do not appear to be affected. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.7224;-84.9303
