Red Sphere shaped craft sited in the early morning hours in rural East Tennessee.;1978-04-15 03:30:00;Unknown;Red Sphere shaped craft sited in the early morning hours in rural East Tennessee. This account comes from my now deceased sister.  She told me about this occurrence about a month after the fact, in 1978.  I remember her relating the incident to me well, even now.  As a matter of fact, I remember asking her many times about her story, thinking she might be putting me on.  She swore she wasn't.  I had no reason, then or now, to disbelieve her, as she never lied to me about anything. My sister, was working late night at a country club as a waitress, in a city about an hour from home.  It was not unusual for her to come home late at night.  As it was springtime, the weather at the time was not bad.  The road to our home was at the end of a hollow, connected by a narrow, two lane road, off Hickory Tree Road.  After passing the neighbor's milk farm, she rounded a bend near an open pasture, which could be seen very well from the road.  It was at this point, she reported that her car, a 69 Pontiac Firebird, suddenly lost power and stopped on the road. She stopped the car, put it park, and tried to restart the car.  It was then she noticed a large, red sphere floating over the pasture to the right of the car, a few hundred yards away.  Front the vantage point of the road, which is elevated above the field and separated by a ravine, she could see the craft moving over the field.  She often vented her window, as she was a smoker, so it is possible she could hear any motor outside her car on this barely traveled road. It was at this time she said she must have blacked out or fainted, as she awoke later, a few hours later, confused and frightened.  The car started up right away, so she drove the to the end of the road home. As my family lived on this road for years, i was able to come back and see the spot where the incident occurred.  While we no longer live in that location, the road and the pasture are still in use, and people still live in that location.  I have even checked this location via Google Maps to see if it was still the same.  I am relating this story for my sister, who passed away some six years later of cancer, as she did not report it during her short lifetime.  She never changed her story, or the details of the incident, before her death.;36.4787;-82.2318
