Large triangular craft with bright white lights silently flew over Blutf City near Holston Lake.;2014-10-26 19:00:00;5 minutes;Large triangular craft with bright white lights silently flew over Blutf City near Holston Lake. At around 8PM at night I was driving home from Bluff City towards Johnson City.  As I was driving I noticed bright lights in the sky and the shadow of what looked to be a giant triangular airplane. It was moving over the tree tops, much lower than  any airplane I've seen in the area.  I rolled down my window to get a better look expecting to hear the roar of a usual air craft but it was completely silent.  Triangular in shape, it was formed by three bright white balls of light with a red light in the center of the triangle and much smaller orange lights around that.   I turned my car around to follow it. Realizing I had my camera on me, I pulled over into a nearby parking lot.  As I went to get out of my car, I looked up and watched it fly over me.  I reached into my car and grabbed my camera but when I looked back up every light on the craft went out and the shadow of it disappeared.   Thinking it was still there and I was unable to see it without it's lights, I set up my camera and took pictures of the vicinity it would have been in had it continued it's flight pattern but when I reviewed the images nothing was there.;36.4787;-82.2318
8 strange triangle shaped craft with blinking lights;2015-12-10 17:50:00;20 minutes;8 strange triangle shaped craft with blinking lights A good friend and myself saw several triangular-type craft.  They were orange-red or bluish-white and they would blink but randomly. six of them traveled in pairs.  Two sets were side by side and one pair hovered over Holston mountain, one above the other and kind of swayed side to side.   Another craft flew overhead and made a faint jet-like noise.  It had a lot of lights, but no visible structure, just the lights.  Made no sense. A white helicopter with its searchlight on was chasing the craft.   Lastly another craft flew by with two white triangles on each side and a red box in the center.   We were driving but pulled over to watch.  Event lasted about 20 minutes.;36.4787;-82.2318
