July 4th, at 11pm witnessed orange fireball with traveling across the entire night sky in Coon Rapids Minnesota.;2010-07-04 23:00:00;5 min;July 4th, at 11pm witnessed orange fireball with traveling across the entire night sky in Coon Rapids Minnesota. At about 11pm at night as my husband, mother- in-law, my children and I were stucked in traffic leaving a 4th of July fireworks celebration in Conn Rapids Minnesota a teenager in the street next to our car pointed up at the night sky and said something about Hey look at that.   Another teenager next to him joking siad' The aliens are coming.   But the first teenager kept looking in the sky.  This grabbed my attention.   I looked out the passenger window and noticed a orange round fireball traveling from north to south across the sky.   At first I thought it was shooting star but it was obiviously on fire and as it got closer to the southern horizon if seemed to get smaller and dying out.  I was pointing out the car window.   Both my husband and mother-in-law watched it also.  I would imaging that the car behind us and people walking on the sidewalk witnessed us pointing up and saw it also.;45.16155;-93.309625
Ufo moving towards a big steady one distance away than both stay steady while a huge one appears and leaves them;2013-09-28 19:00:00;1-2 hours;Ufo moving towards a big steady one distance away than both stay steady while a huge one appears and leaves them 	I was sitting on my couch inside the house watching tv one night and the tv is under and to the right side of our window that faces the backyard.  It was mostly dark outside so the only thing I could really see in the window was the reflection of back inside our house living room and couple orange street lights from outside way up on a hill that is kind of far about a block/block and half  that blended in faintly with the inside of our room.  As I was watching tv somthing out the corner of my eye caught my attention and neglected to look than i finally did look and it was the street light in the distance looked almost like there were maybe some leafs or branches blowing in the wind so it was obstructing the path from my eyes to the light.  As I stared at It for a few minutes I realized that It was slowly moving and indeed not somthing blowing in front of it. 	I grabbed my cell phone and I went to the sliding door to the deck in backyard which is to the right of our tv and the backyard faces west.  What I thought was the street light was a small circle of light almost like a satellite looking object but way too low to be was coming straight my direction than without any type of warning or speed change in the object it just went south.  I have never seen somthing like that before.  The steady constant flow and direction change of an object was just unbelievable. 	Now this object is heading toward another Large circle of light that is to the south in one spot, whiteish in color , kind of flickering a orange or redish color, about ten times in size , and same height as the one coming towards it.  As this circle of light is moving towards the big steady one, the light is slowly fading the closer it gets.  It gets real close to the still non moving one and just stops and stays . 	Once that one had stopped next to the big one, out of nowhere to the left of both them and next to the bright one, another even bigger light appears and lights up really bright  for seconds and slowly dims but remains lit and non moving.  After a few seconds where it is no longer dimming and just staying lit, It now starts moving east across the sky and than after some distance goes south to where I could no longer see it. 	It was the most craziest thing I have seen or been able to record. I had told my friend a few days later and showed him the video and once he got home he had told me someone that night at the same time had also recorded somthing very very similar at a Minnesota twins baseball game right above the outdoor stadium and he had showed me the link to that on youtube. 	The other two had stayed stopped and remained in that spot for awhile than slowly went south west and under/behind the tree line!!   I have alot of videos and pictures!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));45.16155;-93.309625
