Large boomerang shaped invisible object blocked starlight while flying across sky;1999-09-01 21:00:00;8-10 seconds;Large boomerang shaped invisible object blocked starlight while flying across sky I have a sketch and noted the year was 1999, but did not write down the day.  The sighting took place in the late evening when it was completely dark and the sky was clear and full of stars.  Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed movement in the sky from the north moving to the south.  When I looked closer, however, it wasn’t an object that I was seeing move, rather it was the disappearance and reappearance of stars behind an object.  The object itself was black or invisible with no lights.  Given the area of stars that were blocked out, I would say the object was five times larger than a jet.  It was completely silent.  It was shaped like a boomerang only a little more rounded in front rather than triangle and a slightly sharper points on the “wing” tips.  Since the object was invisible, I can only suggest the shape based on the black area absent of stars like a silhouette as it moved across the sky.  If the object was indeed five times the size of a jet and flying at about the attitude of a jet, then it was moving much faster than a jet.  I blinked a couple times, looked away and looked back, and then followed the object across the remainder of the horizon until it was out of sight.  In all it took about 8-10 seconds to span the sky and flew at the same altitude the whole time. Given the triangular shape, I suppose it could have been a low-flying Stealth Bomber that just appeared much larger if flying low.  But is a Stealth completely silent?  Also, Stealth Bombers have three triangles pointing backwards from the mid section.  The object I saw did not seem to have any mid section as such. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));45.16155;-93.309625
object trailed by military aircraft flew over at high rate of speed knocking out power in certain homes.;2005-10-06 01:15:00;1 minute;object trailed by military aircraft flew over at high rate of speed knocking out power in certain homes. my brother works nights and seen the following: a triangular light formation with the lights moing from one side to the other. at a high rate of speed. immediately after sighting a military jet was heard very low over there heads and very fast. he and a co worker seen this and i believe him. also that same eveing the power in my house was out but only in certain rooms and only certain items had no power. this affected my house and several houses only on my block. No circuts were blown on my fuse box. i live near where he works. I don't know what to think but i do know that when power goes out on a circut the whole circut is blow not just select items. You can do what you wish with this report but i think its real, and the electrical disturbance is related. thanks. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));45.16155;-93.309625
triangle shaped object in coon rapids.  ((anonymous report));2018-06-21 16:00:00;30 seconds;triangle shaped object in coon rapids Never thought I would file a UFO report but here it is.  I saw a large triangle shaped craft move from north to south above coon rapids BLVD in coon rapids, MN.  I was in my car heading east on Foley BLVD. Craft was much larger than any drone I have ever seen and what I searched online. Imagine the size of a seaplane in the sky.  It was not that far above the road, that is what made me think drone when I saw it.  I still think it was drone because it had no blinking lights or engines. in addition, it had no middle.  Imagine a straw bent into a triangle.  three solid sides but no middle. that is the shape of it so no room for cockpit that I could see.  My best guess is a very large remote operated drone.  I can't find a picture online even close so its a UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));45.16155;-93.309625
