Saw a greyish black stretched cube with rounded corners with bright white windows on it;2009-01-15 19:00:00;4 min;Saw a greyish black stretched cube with rounded corners with bright white windows on it UFO Sighting by my Cousin My cousin is a nine year old male.  He lives in the northeast US.  He claimed to have seen a UFO on two occasions near his home. Incident #1 Date:  Actual date isn’t exact though he remembers somewhere in mid January 2009. Time of day: approximately 7PM Location: My cousin was out in the yard playing with his 2 dogs, a golden retriever and a chocolate lab.  He claims that the dogs actually spotted (or heard? or sensed?) the UFO before he did which drew his attention to it.   He spotted a UFO hovering just below the tree line that was shaped like a “stretched cube” (rectangular block shaped) – the trees were approx 80-90 ft tall (estimated).  My cousin estimated that the UFO was about 1000 ft away from himself.   The grayish-black (charcoal) colored UFO looked like a “square house with rounded corners with lighted square windows all around it on every side except for the top and bottom which had smaller round white lights”.  The UFO then came above the tree line and started doing different flipping and turning movements.  He said it didn’t look like or act like a plane or a helicopter or anything that we know of or make in the US.  He described the pattern of bright white lights along the windows as going all solid and then flashing very quickly in an ordered sequence one after the other and then back to solid.  The lights on the top also flashed in the same pattern.  He claimed that after the craft went above the tree line that it was “watching him” and sort of “showing off” as it did its maneuvers.   He estimated the size of the craft as approximately 30-40 feet long and about 10 ft high.  He mentioned that it spun slowly 3 to 4 times on different axes (Y then X and then like a 45 (or 135) degree angled axis).  He noted that after spinning on one axis that it would very quickly move linearly to another position and then spin slowly on a different axis.  Both dogs were trying to get inside the house when the craft appeared.  They were barking and yipping to get inside the house and didn’t appear comfortable around the UFO.  This whole event lasted for about 3-4 minutes.  He didn’t hear any sound at all though because his dogs were barking loudly so that pretty much dominated any audio.  However he noted that he didn’t hear any loud jet-lane type noises.! He men tioned that while the UFO was in the tree line of pine trees that the branches were shaking and shuttering.  He only watched for 4 minutes and then went inside because it was unnerving.  And after inside the house he looked again quickly and it was gone.  He told his parents who didn’t believe him which is why I am penning this for him (Uncle Age 43) Incident #2 Then about 1.5 months later he claimed to have seen it again in the same spot though only for about 30 seconds this time.  The UFO appeared to execute the same maneuvers as described above in the first incident. He drew some pictures that depict the UFO and how it turned axially and also the lights on the side. My cousin gets good grades in school and isn’t lying about this. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));44.7181;-68.6162
