the vehicle ? was completely silent and very big. i assume the other one was in this one. it disappeared.;2003-01-01 02:30:00;ten minutes;the vehicle ? was completely silent and very big. i assume the other one was in this one. it disappeared. we were leaving a new years party at brewer ,maine and were on rte 46 in holden ,me. when i noticed two lights in the sky at about a mile away they seemed stationary and unusual i kept driving very slowly and trying to see them above the trees, at approximately three miles down the road i spotted a large triangle object coming toward us at about a couple of hundred feet up. and my girl friend then saw it it moved very slow right above our vehicle with out any noise at all. with green,pink, and yellow lights flashing from east to west. i later talked to some one where i volunteer at the veterans clinic and her brother had seen it also. there is a commercial airport in the area there is no way that they could not have seen it.since then i have had some strange mental images and missing minutes. i also have a place on my stomach that the skin is very dry and nothing helps to get rid of it. i have talked to my veterans counselor about the incedent. we did not report it to anyone we did not know who to call. my counselor suggested i look on the computer so i am know reporting it thank you bmj;44.7181;-68.6162
White lights, triangle shape, low altitude, slow speed.  I have a military backround.;2013-11-20 22:00:00;60 seconds;White lights, triangle shape, low altitude, slow speed.  I have a military backround. Driving home, as we approached our driveway we noticed what we thought was an aircraft flying over the property.   We quickly realized that this was not a plane or helicopter as it was flying at a very slow speed no more than 200-240' above the field.   The craft had three very intense bright lights in a triangle shape with three not so brights in between along the inside edge. We quickly pulled into the driveway and hopped out and ran into the field just as it proceeded over the treeline.   The craft could not have been going faster than 40-60 MPH and made no noise whatsoever.  The craft was 25 yards in length at most.;44.7181;-68.6162
