crazy purple light dropped. 3 multi colored light triangular SUPERSIZE object;2004-05-18 23:00:00;2 hours;crazy purple light dropped. 3 multi colored light triangular SUPERSIZE object It was the other night... My brother, my friend, and I were all outside having a cigarette... I looked up to the sky and saw all these lights... We continued to look and to our amazement the objects were sometimes close above us and then would disappear. There were several trinagular objects that we got all on camera. These were clearly not airplanes or satellites. There appeared to be a glowing ball of light that was dropped from one of the UFOs. It made it halfway to the ground and disappeared behind the trees. We got some amazing footage of the event. It continued for 2 hours.. Each minute going by, more and more objects began to appear. I strongly suggest you taking a look at my tape... Thank you for your time.  ((name deleted));42.1158;-72.0871000000001
Rhombus shape craft with odd colored lights, seen east bound on the Mass Pike near 84.;2017-11-28 20:20:00;20 seconds;Rhombus shape craft with odd colored lights, seen east bound on the Mass Pike near 84. I was driving east bound on the mass pike, maybe half a mile before mile marker 71, as you're cresting the top of a hill about to go down into a valley.  I saw weird looking object, as what appeared to have a rhombus shape.  With 2 inner circles that were emulating a whitish tan color.  It also had blue lights at the top and bottom, and teal lights on the side (which appeared to be lighting the circles I spoke of... possibly).  It also had 2 bight white flashing/pulsating lights in the middle. I've included a quick drawing,  https://i.imgur.com/chiUAqR.png  the 2 inner pulsating lights i just spoke of aren't shown.  But there would be in the very middle between to the circles. The reason it caught my eye so much is the rapid speed it was moving in the horizon (right to left going east bound, so I would assume/guess north to south).  I was going about 70MPH, and traveled only about .5 miles before it had traveled across my field of view.  I was able to get down to the valley floor on the pike(about 3-5 miles away from where i made visual.)  And looked to my right (south?), and I could still see its flashing lights off in the distance. I dont know what it was, my only two guesses where either a low flying twin prop plane, or a low flying Chinook (since its dual propeller, which could explain the 2 circles i saw).  Having seen these two possibilities many times in night and day, neither really satisfied me as an explanation.  However, both could appear as fast moving if they where close to the ground.  It just seemed faster than that though.   I have a decent knowledge of US military aircraft and civilian aircraft.  To which I am just dumbfounded by what I saw, as I cant explain it.;42.1158;-72.0871000000001
