Cylinder of Light in the Night Skies.;2006-04-25 22:30:00;40 to 45 minutes;Cylinder of Light in the Night Skies. While driving WEST on Route 84 @ the Massachusetts & Conneticut border, it was a rainy evening, but it had subsided and there was quite a bit of ground fog.  I kept thinking I was seeing a reflection of light in the fog on the left hand side of my front windshield.  I asked my passenger if he saw that light up ahead and if he could see where it was coming from.  At first we both thought it was one of those giant spotlights that business' shine into the sky to attract customers.  But then as we kept watching it we realized it wasn't moving around at all.  It was like a cylinder of light coming from nowhere.  It didn't shine all the way to the ground, and it didn't go all the way up high into the sky.  We pulled over and turned off all the lights in the car and just watched it for about 10minutes.  It stayed right where it was, this perfect up & down cylinder of light, that was so bright....there were a lot of dark clouds up there and tons of fog...we could not figure out where that light was coming from.  Maybe a plane??  Well, it hasn't moved in 15minutes, it's not going forward & back /in & out either in the cloud cover.  It was just THERE, UP AND DOWN.  So we decided to try to follow towards it and see if we could find where it was coming from, we drove about 8 miles towards it and it slowly just began to fade away.  It was like, there it is!! Wait! It's fading away...I can barely see it...it's gone.  I don't know what it was but it was crazy and nothing like the two of us had EVER seen before.  After we turned back around to drive home we saw a plane in the sky straight up and ahead of us, we looked immediately for any similarities to what we had just seen and there were NONE.  Just as we both agreed on that, the plane was gone from our sight, not even two minutes after we first saw it.  There was no way the cylinder of up/down light that we saw could've been an airplane, we studied it in the same spot for almost 40minutes, and it wasn’t like it faded or disappeared into the clouds, the light just slowly faded.  In your characteristics of objects section I checked that there was an aura or haze around the object, this does refer to the reflection of the light onto the clouds and fog, we did not see any specific object.;42.1158;-72.0871000000001
