Large red flashing lights flaying just above tree level.;2013-10-30 02:30:00;1 minute;Large red flashing lights flaying just above tree level. While sleeping that night, my dog started to bark loud and move frantically around the bed at about 2:30am.  I assumed my brother was home from work, as she usually barks when she hears the front door open accompanied by the chime of our home alarm system.  I told her to be quiet it was just my brother coming home, but she continued to bark and got louder.  I listened to hear the usual sounds of him entering the house (door closing, walking around, etc.) but heard none as didn’t come home, and ended up spending the night at a friend’s house. The dog continued to bark as she does when someone is there, and she is unsure of who it is.  Again, I told the dog to stop barking.  I then heard the sound of what an airplane sounds like when it passes over our house, and thought maybe it was just the furnace turning on that startled her.  But the sound gradually got louder and closer to my home, sounding more like a plane landing.  It was as though the aircraft was right over our roof, and it felt like the whole house was shaking.  We don’t live near enough to Pearson Intl Airport for an aircraft to be flying that low in our area, and it did not have the distinct sound of a helicopter. I got out of bed and looked out the window to see a long cylinder shaped aircraft flying just above tree level.  It did not have wings, propellers or visible landing gear.  For about 30 seconds I watched the slow moving object with two large circular lights fly over our subdivision.  The lights were bright red, and looked to each be 4ft in diameter (one in front of the other), flashing one after the other until it was too far me to continue to watch it.   When I realized what I could potentially be witnessing, I tried to get a picture with my phone but the aircraft was then too far beyond trees. This is not the first time I have seen something questionable in our area.;43.8818;-79.7385
