Star like object flying/wobbling.;2003-10-13 20:15:00;2 minutes;Star like object flying/wobbling. Same object I've reported on Aug.28th. This time I seen it in Bolton. Off of HWY#50 approx 14 km north of HWY#7. Was with my brother looking at the night sky and saw the same star like object moving north. Once again we both stood perfectly still and noticed that it did not fly in a straight path but wobbled. No flashing lights at all and definatly not a satelite because it was going to fly between two stars and we noticed it wobble and slow down as the stars were in the background. The object turned right and headed east. We watched it until it faded out of site.  Several days ago I noticed another star like object. This time brighter than any star. It was so bright that it looked like a ball of plasma, pure white. Heading south then turned and flew eastbound. Again, no flashing lights as an aiplane would have. I was on the phone with a friend and he also witnessed the object as we talked. I saw the object in the Keele/HWY#7 area. He saw it from Jane st./Major Mackenzie. ( a few intersections n/w from my location);43.8818;-79.7385
Circular changing lights.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly Sirius.  PD));2016-01-11 20:30:00;30 minutes;Circular changing lights. Letting the dog outside, I noticed an unusually large 'star' in the sky.  When I focused on the light, I could tell the light was changing colour.  Going from white, to red, to blue.   I used binoculars to get a closer look, finding it was a round object and seemed to have the coloured lights going in a circular motion.   I watched the lights for half an hour, and there was no movement.  Keeping in mind the earth rotates 17 km every minute, there was no shift of location or disruption of lights.  To make sure it wasn't just me seeing the changing lights, I had my mother and brother look through the binoculars.  Both saw exactly what I just described above. This is the second time I've witnessed a sighting, and reported.;43.8818;-79.7385
