Octagon shaped object with bright red and white lights;2002-01-16 22:15:00;10 minutes;Octagon shaped object with bright red and white lights I was outside at approximately 10:15pm smoking a cigarett and looking up at the sky towards the south(it was a very clear night) when I heard what I assumed was an airplane as they often fly this way.  However, when it got closer I noticed that there were only red and white lights (typically the planes that fly over here also have green lights and thats why this caught my attention).  The lights were very bright and as the object got closer I saw that it was not a plane at all but an object that was shaped very much like an octagon with bright red and white lights.  I watched as the object headed east. The lights were so bright that I could see the object for several minutes a long way off.  I called my sister in Springfield (which is approximately 20 miles from here) and told her to go outside to see if she could see a UFO.  I could still see the bright lights with my naked eyes when she told me that she saw the object but she thought that it was a plane.  When I asked her if she saw any wings on the plane she said that from the angle that she saw it she couldn't see any wings.  Then she said she saw another aircraft heading her way.  What seemed very strange was that both of the aircraft seemed to turn and they flew back this way (West). I watched until the object finally disappeared heading South. (The second aircraft was still in sight when the octagon shaped object disappeared).;42.0511;-72.7706
me and my friends were in a state park late at nite. and we heard this noise. we thought it was a plane at first. then the noise went q;2006-07-15 01:00:00;10 min;me and my friends were in a state park late at nite. and we heard this noise. we thought it was a plane at first. then the noise went quiet. and we saw red lights and it went around near a lake we were near then we went in our car. we watched it for 20 min. then it took off. it was very small disk shaped with blak bottom. the lights were very dull but u could see them far away we were about 1000 ft from the craft. it huvored in and out of the water and just took off.;42.0511;-72.7706
Purple light, changing shape to spinning colorful disk shap.,  Fast flying and hovering high and low.;2015-05-24 22:40:00;5 minutes;Purple light, changing shape to spinning colorful disk shap., Fast  flying and hovering high and low. I was in my kitchen last night when something out the window caught my eye.  At first I though it was fireworks that a neighbor was shooting but quickly realized that it wasn't when the light came back over my house in the other direction.   I then thought it might be a meteor shower but the small purple light then quickly evolved in to a circular shape and started spinning colors from purple to yellow.  The center looked either hallow or black.  (I couldn't tell because it was dark outside).  It flew over the trees and houses at times lowering and hovering then shooting up so high I could hardly make it out.   It came back again flying fast then stopping and hovering. I couldn't believe my eyes and needed someone to validate what I was seeing so I woke up my 12 year old grandson and he was able to witness the last 10 or 15 seconds of this before it just disappeared in a flash.;42.0511;-72.7706
