Bright twinkling light appeared to be stationary and faded significantly during ~20 minutes of observation.;2014-01-13 03:15:00;15-20 minutes;Bright twinkling light appeared to be stationary and faded significantly during ~20 minutes of observation. I took my dog out about 3:15 am.  I observed the moon and stars, due to the light of the moon the sky was fairly light and the stars not as numerous.  Looking toward a swamp in the direction of Lake Congamond, I observed a very bright twinkling light well above ground level and well below the bowl of the sky. The object was framed between tree branches.  There was a large cracking sound before I noticed the light.  The night seemed fairly noisy with indistinct sounds that were more of a hum than the normal sound of distant road traffic, I did hear at least one more crack sound, but living in a rural wooded area near a lake, you often hear strange noises in the night. I observed the light it was bright white with maybe an occasional flash of red, it appeared to be about the same size as Venus appears, larger than most stars, I observed the object for approximately 20 minutes in the frame of the tree branches, it did fade and did not disappear entirely from sight during the time I watched it. It seemed too long to be a plane crossing the sky in the direct opposite direction away from me.  I did see a few other lights in the general direction, one appear red, which where in the same general area but could have been low planes.  This is in the area of Bradley international Airport, and the thought of a helicopter did occur to me but it just did not seem right and it did not seem to be an aircraft,  It was the same small frame of sky for such a long period of time, and the intensity did fade in the time of observation, to a point where it would not have caught my attention if I had first observed it at the time of the event. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.0511;-72.7706
