White Diamond changed to Circle with green outside and red in middle flickering moving object.;2017-01-07 21:00:00;1 hour;White Diamond changed to Circle with green outside and red in middle flickering moving object This is the third time my son has seen this object.  Other times have been in the early morning around 0700.  The object has been in trees then down the middle of the road.  On January 07th 2017 he noticed it through the trees.  But you would lose sight of it like the trees where blowing in the wind.  You would wait for the trees to move to see it again but you couldn't you would have to move slightly to see it.  It was a very bright flickering light that seemed to glow and flicker.  I got in my vehicle with my two kids to get a better look.  When we started to video it with a video camera it was a white diamond shape which we caught on tape.  It changed to a circle with lights changing on it. The outside was a green with the middle being red.  As we recorded it I had the camera on full zoom without touching the video camera it would come in and out of range.  Towards the end of taping the object wouldn't allow me to get a steady view of it when before we taped it with no problem with it moving.  We have this all on video.  We decided to get closer. As we went closer it seemed to go farther away.  By the time we got to a small town near us we couldn't find it.  We went to the west of the town (we had come in from the east) we could no longer find the object in the sky.  We went back towards our home, to the east, then we could see the object again out in the far distance to the west.  The object moved to the north about 4 miles and to the west farther.  We tried to get close to it in our vehicle but it was too far away to catch. I called the UFO hot line you told me it was Venus.  I looked online today on 01/08/2017 and it looks just like the orbs that people are reporting and video taping.  The difference is we caught ours when it was a diamond shape and then it disappears on the video and returns as a circle.  We looked up what Venus looks like from Earth and this wasn't Venus, at least according to the websites I visited.;43.5661;-84.5822
