Organized movement of mulitple lights/objects....in a circular pattern.  ((NUFORC Note:;2008-01-30 21:00:00;approx=3-4hrs;Organized movement of mulitple lights/objects....in a circular pattern January 30 8:45pm – 1:30am   I go outside every night. I always look at the stars. I love to try to find the different constellations in the sky…On Wednesday January 30 at about 8:45 I was watching the sky and I noticed a particularly bright star in the southern sky that I have never seen...and didn't see the night before… as I was watching it seemed as if the star was getting closer and moving slightly...I did work all day so…I rubbed my eyes and the stars light had expanded into a crescent shaped light. I called for my boyfriend and my father to come out side and see….The more I looked at it there was no way that the light was high enough to be a plane and it seemed to be hovering and moving slowly. I went inside and continued to look out the sliding glass door. There was a light coming from the top of the tree line coming from the north traveling south. The light was not a color that I know but it reminds me of halogen head lights. Sort of blue-ish. But not like a light on a plane…not blinking…just steady…but to clear to be a headlight. The object continued over the tree line and then began traveling towards the crescent shaped light.  As the object passed by there was a series of lights on the back of the object. I again called for my family they also saw the object but could not identify was it was and there was no sound at all for it to be a plane or helicopter….and moved to slow…across the sky…it was so strange. I continued to watch and multiple smaller objects began to appear. Similar to the one that had come from the tree line and but smaller in size moving faster with more erratic type of movements. There were probably 7 or 8 of them at different points in the sky. They seemed to cross the sky in formation…and to move with purpose as if they were being instructed to do what they were doing…..They hovered at a point for a moment and then they began to fly around the sky going in a circular patter flying from west to east passing close to the crescent light and then moving on, sometimes moving in a zig zag pattern. At one po! int an o bject came from the crescent light. There were three small bright lights it hovered for a moment. My eyes caught a bright flashing light coming from the woods. The light was a sort of off white color…it streaked across and then the light went up into the sky….I saw the same object that I saw leave the crescent shaped light begin to move to above where the lights from the woods were. It hovered around there just above the tree line and then it would move back to the crescent light. Then back again….this continued for a while…While this was going on the other objects were continuing to move in their circular formation. They would occasionally dart around. But for the most part they made their circle around the crescent light. I was beginning to become very frightened. Normally you can hear things in the woods…Animals scurrying around leaves blowing….something…..but it was dead silent. No wind no nothing just the cold and these moving lights. I finally had to make myself go to bed this was about 1:30am. But I was so frightened I slept in the living room. I don’t know what those things were….and I don’t know what they were doing but they weren’t planes…and they weren’t helicopters. There is a small airport close to our house…and I see planes and such all the time pass by often….I have looked at the sky at my home every night of my life and I have seen anything like these things that have been happening. The next morning…when I was driving my daughter to school I the clouds were in the sky but I could see little silver lights…while I was driving…as I was turning into her school my car shut of for no reason…my car is in perfect running condition…and has never shut off before….I am just really scared with all the things that have been happening….like this for instance.  I have been noticing these lights in the woods…down below the tree line…but I had been passing them off as light coming from the woods from my neighbors or car lights just to make myself feel better about them. But when I saw the light streak and then go into the sky I know now what I have been seeing is not car lights or light from neighbors….About 4-6 weeks ago I was outside and I saw a bright light flash in the tree line…it wasn’t a camera it wasn’t a car b/c there is about 6 acres of trees that way….The light wasn’t coming from the ground it was coming from about halfway up into the trees….I was even with me and I was standing on the second story of the house on the deck….facing out over our pond….and the light came from the trees on the backside of the pond. I called for my father….and he came out and saw it flash again….I kind of jumped back….he was amazed as I was because of where it was coming from it just didn’t really leave any explanation for what it was.  The type of light it was it really what was so odd….it isn’t a flash it pulsed….grew stronger and then vanished….but the light that we saw that night was the same kind of light that was on these objects….then moments later I was going back into the house to get our flashlight…and the light pulsed again.( from the same place that the light went up into the sky on Wednesday night) there is no way that someone could have moved that fast through the woods its over 100yd from the place the light pulsed the first time to the place where I saw it the last time….its thick wooded area with creeks and tress brush. And there was no sound. Dead quiet. The light didn’t pulse again that night that I saw.  Yesterday I went to take my daughter to see my grandmother. I asked them if they had noticed anything odd in the sky last night. I asked them because they live about 1/10 of a mile from my home.  They both said no….but my grandmother said that the week before she had seen a very bright strange light that had gone down into the trees and then moved back up into the sky….She said that she was so astounded because she had never seen anything like that before.   I don’t know what all of this is….but I know its something…I am having to laugh at myself a little to keep myself from being so frightened…because I have seen what I thought might be a UFO before and thought…oh cool a ufo look at that. But I am really really frightened by what took place on Wednesday night at my home….These objects moved to organized with too much purpose…they moved like they were doing something…. Last night it rained…I didn’t see the lights in the sky because of low cloud cover but I did see the light in the trees.  I am 25 years old. I have lived in this house most of my life. My father is 50. My boyfriend is 22. My grandmother is 83;36.0059000000001;-80.4501999999996
