very thin black disk with very well rounded shape, clear as day  floats effortlessly and turns on sides  in sky ,;2007-06-23 09:45:00;10 seconds;very thin black disk with very well rounded shape, clear as day  floats effortlessly and turns on sides  in sky , I saw what i thought, in the corner of my eye was a large balloon which a child had let go of and turned to view the object which i thought would have been rising, only to see the dark black round shape was on its side and turned flat. It looked like a frisbee, but with more careful observation i could see this object looked like it was made of a black metal and extremely smooth. it floated through the sky. above one of two churches. It floated through the sky without any weight and at a very slow speed. I have never seen anything that looked like a satelite dish floating through the air efortlessly .It was close enough to view clear as day. i am a believer now ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));43.6171;-72.9636
Glowing oreo cookie shaped disc like object witnessed moving quickly and silently across the night sky.;2020-09-30 21:45:00;3-4 seconds;Glowing oreo cookie shaped disc like object witnessed moving quickly and silently across the night sky. At approx. 9:45 PM on 09/30/2020 I witnessed a bright illuminated object with a greenish tint move rapidly and silently from the South to the North in a straight line across a portion of the night sky over Rutland, Vermont.  The object appeared to have a distinct shape and hard edges, appeared to be like two glowing hockey puck shaped discs stacked one on top of the other and moving in tandem.  I could not determine if the upper and lower structures of the object were connected but it moved as one solid object. The object did not have the running lights of an aircraft and moved much quicker than I am accustomed to seeing conventional aircraft move across the sky at low or high altitudes.  It did not leave any kind of glowing or fiery trail in it’s wake.  It did not appear to be falling from the sky.  It moved horizontally and in complete silence.  I cannot judge distance or altitude and only had the object in my field of view for a few seconds.  Comparatively speaking, from my vantage point, the object appeared to be about 25% the size of the full moon and much bigger than any of the visible planets or stars that night.;43.6171;-72.9636
