Catawissa Missouri in Franklin County, a hudge triangular shaped object in sky just like 4 nights prior to this;2011-08-28 04:00:00;sunrise approx 1 1/2 hour;Catawissa Missouri in Franklin County, a hudge triangular shaped object in sky just like 4 nights prior to this I live in Catawissa, Missouri a rural area in Franklin County. Approx 4:00 AM I looked out my bedroom window & like clock work for the last 4 nights in a row for sure there was a judge triangular shaped object in sky. The triangle being out lined what appeared at first sight to be stars. Some of the lights had blinking reddish lights. In the inside of triangle there are a vertical row of 3-4 lights and there were no other stars around the triangle the sky behind was a little overcast but very black skies like a usual sky looks at 4:00 AM. To the left of triangle there was other aircraft I would think was military aircraft, helicopters that hung in the distance surrounding premieres watching this triangle object just like the 4 nights before and the triangle object in EXACT form as the 4 nights before was stationary & no sound at all I had the window opened like always and the triangle shape is right on side sky w/ no trees or landscape in viewing site just t! he black early morning sky. The 4 nights previous I was in front& side yard standing under it watching it along with the surrounding traditional aircrafts until the sun came up and the triangular shaped object faded into the dawn skies have called and reported this & several more sightings at different times of the night on the same nights that I have seen this & they are always in the same shape& form and are always located in same exact place in the skylight does this mean? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.4079;-90.7775
Multiple triangular light clusters overhead ten or more at different altitudes.  Typically white lights however observed one with red.;2015-12-04 20:00:00;Ongoing;Multiple triangular light clusters overhead ten or more at different altitudes. Typically white lights however observed one with red. A triangular light configuration some moving at will, typically stationary.  I observed the same light configuration the previous evening approximately the same time.  Light color appears to be white although observed o moving with red lights.   These lights are not position/navigational lights.;38.4079;-90.7775
