We were walking and came to the corner of S. Corey Rd. and Lovejoy Rd. when all of a sudden over our right shoulders we saw the craft.;1971-06-30 20:00:00;40 seconds;We were walking and came to the corner of S. Corey Rd. and Lovejoy Rd. when all of a sudden over our right shoulders we saw the craft.  Moving very slowly maybe 5 mph and was about 30 perhaps 40 feet in diameter with some multi-colored lights on the outside rim.  It was going parallel with Lovejoy Rd. we were shocked and watched it proceed straight as it went until it looked like it landed way out in ((male's name deleted)) dad's field just beyond a line of trees.  I told ((male name deleted)) he should go out there the next day and see if he sees any evidence.   The craft was so quiet, maybe we wouldn't have noticed it if it wasn't for the lights on the outside. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));42.8427;-84.172
UFO with multi-colored lights spotted out in the country in Ingham county;1979-06-01 18:45:00;5 minutes;UFO with multi-colored lights spotted out in the country in Ingham county Me and my friend were walking on Corey road just returning home from another friends house when this craft flew over us to our right so close we could have hit it with a rock.  No noise, seemed about 40 to 50 feet in diameter.  We watched it go forward over the farmers field an don't know if it speeded up so fast to disappear, but as it left the horizon it looked like it actually landed.  I told my friend to go check out the field the next day cause it looked like it landed behind a row of tress we could see against the horizon.  We were scared to tell anyone at the time, but just about three weeks later, there was a major sighting in Haslett, Michigan and a UFO hovered right over my aunt and uncles house, they said it light up everything around and the light in their windows woke them up.It was only then I felt I could tell my parents about it.  I was 14 or 15 years old at the time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.8427;-84.172
