Slow moving dark object flying in the sky.;2009-04-30 15:00:00;3-4 mins;Slow moving dark object flying in the sky. To whom this may concern. I am not sure what to say about my experience today.  I guess my first question is, has anyone reported something odd in the sky over the NW Indiana today (4/30/09).   I ask this because myself and another person witnessed a strange object moving very slowly beneath the heavy cloud cover.   The object was dark color and very large.  I first thought the object was a low flying jet.  Then I realized it was moving way to slow.    As we watched this thing we kept asking each other what we thought it was.  We vocally passed ideas to each other that it was a helicopter, Balloon, Blimp but the shape was all wrong for any of these aircraft. We couldn’t figure out what it was. The movement was SLOW, very slow.  Had it been a big jetliner it would have fallen out of the sky, it was moving that slow.   The shape was sort of round but more elongated or cigar shaped and the color was dark greyish black.  There was no sound and we saw no lights of any kind. It was well below the very heavy cloud cover and it was extremely easy to see as it passed behind the tall leafless trees in the distance.  As for the distance from it to where we were was about 400-800 yards.  I know this sounds like it was pretty far away but the size of this thing was quite large.  Someone else had to see it.    I kept comparing it to the Semi Trucks traveling below it and how much bigger it was and wonder what the hell it was. The object was moving in an easterly to south easterly direction.    After about 3 to 4 mins of watching it, it stopped and looked as if it was turning (North) and we thought is was going to come toward us.  But it immediately zipped way at a much faster speed due south and out of our sight. I have no idea of what this object was and it has left me wondering about we saw.      One thing we both kept saying to each other was that the outer shape was obscured or had a fuzzy appearance.   What I mean by this, is for some reason we couldn’t make out a clear outline of the object.    It was like when you look at the road on a hot day and you see the heat waves coming of the road creating a watery appearance.    You could see it but it was very hard to focus on. Let me know if anyone has seen anything like this or if anyone has reported seeing this strange object over northwest Indiana today on April 30th 2009 at approximately 3:00 Pm or a little afterwards. Thank you for your time;41.5472;-87.4556
