unexplained noise flying above house with no associated air traffic;2010-11-13 12:03:00;25 s;unexplained noise flying above house with no associated air traffic At approximately 12:03 Central time.  A noise occurred above our house.  The house sits above most of the local treeline atop the highest hill in the area.   From the Southwest to the Northeast the sound emanated, shaking the house slightly.  The best description I can give is it sounded like a firehouse being sprayed against aluminum siding.  Our house is on a flight path for helicopters, planes and even military flights but this sounded completely different.  It also traveled opposite to the normal flight path.  We have experienced sonic booms and again different from that noise.  Due to the cloud cover and light rainfall we were unable to glimpse any object but the clouds were disturbed in a pattern as if something had skimmed them, similar to if you pulled an edge of paper through paint.  Objects were unknown, only one for certain.  Did not see any associated lights.;41.5472;-87.4556
Bright lights in the sky hovering for over hours.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a star or planet.  Probably not a genuine UFO.  PD));2011-12-11 03:45:00;over 2 hours;bright lights in the sky hovering for over hours. I couldn't sleep so I was looking out the window to c if there were any deer in my yard.  I look up at the sky and notcied some green, yellow, and red lights. I thought I was a plane passing.  I looked out and hour later and the craft was still there.   I woke my mate up to look and he said it was probly a plane. I said it's not moving very much.  He said give it about 15 min and I'll go outside to see.  It was still there, so he went outside and seen lights, he said it was very slow moving but couldn't see what it was.  I kept looking outside I can still see the lights, and it's been over 2 hours so I know it's not a plane, and the lights are going in a circle.   I was really scared and just watching it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to provide no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a star or planet.  Probably not a genuine UFO.  PD));41.5472;-87.4556
My rommate and I saw the obect from our patio move across the sky at a relatively slow rate. Slower than a small single engine plane wo;2019-06-07 22:51:00;~4 minutes;My rommate and I saw the obect from our patio move across the sky at a relatively slow rate.  Slower than a small single engine plane would.  The lights at the back of the object blinked in a strange fashion.  About 5 lights would blink at different intervals and then they would all go black.  They would turn off for about 2 seconds and then continue on in the same strange blinking pattern.  The lights were rectangular and orientes vertically.  It moved from the west towards the southeast in a straight line.  No sound could be heard coming from it.  It was difficult to make out the exact shape of it.;41.5472;-87.4556
