I and my BF were sky watching last night and at around 12 midnight i saw a bright red blinking light to the right of me. I went to my s;2005-08-02 00:00:00;hour and half;I and my BF were sky watching last night and at around 12 midnight i saw a bright red blinking light to the right of me.  I went to my stairs on the right side of my deck to get a better look.It was right above the tree line in a north west position, im guessing it was about 20,000 feet up. At first i thought it may be a planet and stood there watching it for about 10 minutes and it kept blinking red and also other bright colors like white, orange, green. It also was moving, kinda like a swaying, it kept going down and back up again.My bf was standing there looking at it with me,He also couldnt figure out what it might be.I then decided to go inside and get my dad to come out and look at this object and see if he could figure it out. He came out and looked at it and also thought at first it was a planet, but then he noticed it was really bright and flashing all those colors and told me to go to his truck and get his feild binoculers. I gave them to him and he took a look and almost automatically after veiwng his words where wow its got lights on it. I took a look and  it had three white lights in the middle and red blinking ones on the outside and the rest looked green,orangish whitish, it looked sparklie.I made a drawing of what it looked like through the binoculers. We made my mom and two brothers come out side and look at it too. It then went behind the tree's so we decided to go down the street a bit and get a better look at it. When we got there it must have traveld at some sped because it was way much further away to the north west than it was when we were observing it at the house. But still you could see through the binoculers the red flashing going from bottom to top of the object and the sparklieness. Couldnt make the shape out anymore though. Then my dad said your not gonna belive this and said there was another one, it was in the north east sitting there. Looked just the same as the first one through the binoculers and it was closer. We stood there watching them both and the first one slowly moved to the north west tll it was a litle dot and the same happend with the second.;38.9421;-122.7777
I was walking down by the lake and saw this long what looked like a contrail left by a jet airplane but all lights it was the weirdest;2021-05-05 22:04:00;30 seconds;I was walking down by the lake and saw this long what looked like a contrail left by a jet airplane but all lights it was the weirdest thing I ever saw.;38.9421;-122.7777
