ICBM Sites Augusta, Montana, 1:00 A.M.  brilliant lights, greenish red orb, with no contrails on vanishing.;2011-05-26 01:00:00;1-2 minutes;ICBM Sites Augusta, Montana 1:00 A.M.  brilliant lights, greenish red orb, with no contrails on vanishing. The event occured outside of Augusta, Montana on May 26, 1:00 A.M.  The area where I was staying is dotted with ICBM sites that are in eyesight of the road leading to the cabin.   The closest site to the cabin I believe was roughly 20 miles as the crow flies from the cabin.  I also believe that numerous other ICBM sites exist in the area that are sub Terra.   Six of us were sitting around a campfire, when a large reddish greenish glow started to crest the hill which leads down to the property.  We were staring uphill from a lower location looking up the road as the light crested the hill.  When a vehicle drives at night, which is rare anyways out there, the light does not crest the hills, the dips between the roads blocks out all night until the vehicle crests the top.  The light we saw was roughly 80-100 yards away.   Our first thought was that we were not witnessing a vehicle at all, but aurora borealis.  I remember a friend saying its aurora, but i fiercely d! oubted this accusation as the object grew brighter and showered the beam across the 4 acre property.  The object on the hill became glowing with a greenish purplish hue, that flooded the entire area we were staying in.  It illuminated all the trees behind us upwards to over one hundred yards.  The light seemed to expand over the entire area, then began to pulsate with tremendous colored light.   Six of us distinctly remember the intensity of the light and its changing color structure.  I remember staring directly at the object, then having the desire to walk towards it.  Not in an abduction sense, but more so a mix of curiosity and some sort of draw towards it.   My friend and I began to run towards it with his German Shepard.  As we started running to the top of the hill the orb pulsated and vanished.  No contrails, nothing at all, just turned itself off and vanished.  Since I was running up to the craft, my friend that was stationary said that the object had a center where ! the light was radiating out from.   What happened after the UFO left was also very interesting.  Every single one of us said we could feel some sort of energy within our bodies.  It was a very intense feeling, and it was not nerves or adrenaline.  It was as if my body was charged up or another state of awareness.  Everyone I was with said they could feel this feeling as well, upwards to an hour.   Within twenty minutes of the sighting, we noticed two planes flying overhead at low altitude with no lights at all.   Just two planes within a minute of each other, jet black, and not a single emitting light.  One of my friends who was in his tent at the time of the siting, said he felt an intense light pulse through the tent and that he could feel the presence of something hes never felt before.  The dog in his tent, had erratic behavior after and during the light.   The following day on the road out, we witnessed more U.S. Government plates on SUV vehicles than I have ever seen in a population of 287 people.  At first I was not going to post my encounter, but after reading countless reports of minutemen and other military personnel that were stationed in the exact same area, and reporting exactly and very close to what I saw, I changed my mind.   I believe ICBM sites are the main focus of these lights people have been seeing since the Cold War.  The incident at Maelstrom AFB really made me interested, and an avid believer that nuclear power and ICBM are of great interest to whatever is out there.;47.4537;-112.3883
