More lights were turned on once acknowledged before it turned at a steep angle and the lights slowly disappeared;2019-07-30 21:35:00;30 seconds;More lights were turned on once acknowledged before it turned at a steep angle and the lights slowly disappeared My sister and I were both sitting outside on our porch just relaxing for about 10 minutes.  She had started to head inside when I see her stop and start staring at what I thought was a tree when she asked, “Do you see that?”  The whole time we had been outside there had been the sound of a plane, so I thought she may have just saw the the navigation lights of the before stated planes. I had brushed it off in the beginning and then she said, “No really what is that?”  I lift my head to see one bright orange light over our junk pile about 100 feet away and about 30 feet off the ground that’s when I decide to stand up to get a better look.  After I get to my feet I see about 5 burning orange light in a diagonal formation. Right away, I knew what it was. This wasn’t the first time that I seen one around the area.  On the way home from a family event me and 5 others saw the same similar orange circular lights.  At first it was hard to see but then it sent a large beam of orange light onto the field lighting the whole five acres and revealing the the bulging hole and the rest of the aircraft.  The light lasted 5 seconds and we were so shaken up we pulled over in a nearby business and got out to look to see were it had went.  We were surprised to see a extremely long rectangular shape that was thin at the end and thicker in the middle with lights every 50 feet.  This thing was over 500 feet long. Following this large shape were 30 smaller lights formation flying and they would shift places every now and again.  That experience had lasted over two minutes before two planes with navigation lights went moving at a high rate speed towards the moving lights.  That was the first time we had heard any noise of a plane.  After that slowly all of the lights blinked out and were only left with the two pairs of navigation lights which seem like they were in pursuit. With that experience in mind I tell my sister that I believe we were looking at a UFO.  As soon as I say this either the craft turned on more lights or changed direction and there are twenty on these ominous orange lights at a forty five degree angle slowly moving up.  In shock my eyes could not move off the craft.  There was a slight height change before one by one the lights disappeared and there was no further evidence of anything being there. When we open the door both dogs were waiting with a bleak stare, as if something had happened and were fine once interacted with. No one else in the house had noticed a difference, but acknowledged that it occurred more than most would believe.;38.1419;-92.9543
