Strange light seen over Atco, NJ.;2010-02-14 00:15:00;3 minutes;Strange light seen over Atco NJ We were driving North on RT 73 past coopers folly road area in Atco, NJ, when we saw a light slowly fade into view above the road.  It was high up enough in the sky that we initially thought it was a plane, or a light on a tower, however it moved very slowly across the sky, and was slightly lower than a conventional plane.  The light faded out slightly faster than it appeared.  It reappeared moments later, and again vanished.  As I began talking about it, it re appeared one last time, much brighter and faster than before.  It looked very similar to a bright ember from a burst firework falling through the sky. It moved slowly at first, this time away from us rather than across our view.  It darted away very rapidly and faded out.  We did not see it again after this. It was slightly cloudy, with stars peeking out, the area has some light pollution, with  some very dark stretches of land. The object was spotted by an educated artist and an IT professional.  Neither has seen lights of this nature in the sky before, and is familiar with the area, planes, and the location of lit towers.;39.7595;-74.8674
2 directions star-like moving object.  2 speeds.;2012-12-05 22:15:00;30 seconds;2 directions star-like moving object.  2 speeds i was walking to my mailbox,  its a dark, clear, semi cloudy night,   i enjoy looking  at stars in the winter,...   as i look to the north, i saw a white colored light, moving rather quickly, from north to north west,   i tried to take a video but my phone cdnt focus to see it.   I witnessed the light, come to a stop,...   i thought satellite until this moment,..  it sat stationary for 5 to 7 seconds then, about 2 to three times faster than before, darted off in what seemed to be, almost a 45 degree direction, towards the southeast.  now i see lots of planes with 3 lights, usually 1 or 2 blinking, and red or blue,..  but this was different.  andi have never seen anything move in the sky like this.,.   like a flash.  there arent any super close military bases so i do not know what i saw.;39.7595;-74.8674
