UFO spotted in Atco NJ in wooded area.;2003-05-17 20:00:00;5 minutes;UFO spotted in Atco NJ in wooded area. I was driving my minivan down this road, I cant remember the name but it was like in a country setting in Atco NJ, and I was with my boyfriend at the time and I saw these bright lights in the sky that seemed to all be coming from the same craft.   I told him to look too and he was like what the &*@# is that? and then we were both pretty scared, we were headed toward the craft which seemed to be maybe 70 feet off the ground, above these trees.  I knew it definately was NOT a plane, it had four or five lights in the front/center of the craft that were pointed straight ahead of its direction, it seemed to be traveling very slowly or maybe it was sitting still I cant remember but it was 3 or 4 years ago, and the freakiest thing was that the lights on the front of the craft changed direction and they changed direction and then pointed directly up into the sky, at that moment the lights shot straight up, the craft followed suit and zoomed up at an angle in the sky then shot in the opposite direction in a weird angle, Ive never seen any American planes do that.  I want to know if anyone else has had this experience where the lights moved first and then the craft followed suit, Im searching all over this site to see if I can find a similar experience.  I know what I saw that night was a UFO and Im glad i finally found this website to tell my story on. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));39.7595;-74.8674
Two oval lighted objects seen in the nite sky were rotating and moving quickly in straight lines then disappeared clear dark nite;2018-12-18 05:12:00;18 minutes;Two oval lighted objects seen in the nite sky were rotating and moving quickly in straight lines then disappeared clear dark nite Looked east one oval object with round red lites 5 evenly distributed in distance circumference. This craft was position north and south with the widest circumference in the center motionless for 10 seconds.  Another craft smaller but the description is the same was horizontal with the widest part centered. The smaller object moved ver quickly to the right the back again to the left.  It traveled vertically to the larger object and disappeared.  The after hovering the larger object was rotating then just disappeared.;39.7595;-74.8674
