drive-by close encounter;1988-11-27 01:30:00;10 minutes;drive-by close encounter Leaving Sacramento on HWY 50 going back to Lake Tahoe early Thanksgiving morning aprox. 1:30am as I begin to climb the second set of hills, several miles down the road I notice what looked like a plane or a helicopter slowly circling above the highway at the top of the hill I had yet to climb. It had a searchlight shining down on the cars at the top of the hill much like a search helicopter would normally do. Except as I drove closer to the flying object I soon realized some strange things about it. It was unusual to see helicopters flying outside of Sacramento at that time of night, and I noticed it had no flashing strobe lights whatsoever - only two bright white wingtip or landing lights. The object became clear to me that this was not a helicopter as it had wingtip lights, however, it moved as slowly as a helicopter. Getting more closer, I think this is a very large and low flying plane with a wingspan of a B-52 or larger. Still, no flashing lights. Now it has turned off it's searchlight and moved to fly along the right side of the highway. At this time I am making my way towards the top of the hill and the object is about to come along side of me on my right side going down the hill as I am driving up the hill. The object is less than 100 feet above ground and about 100 feet out from the road flying slowly just above some power lines that were part of a large Sacramento radio antenna at the top of the hill. What the hell is that thing? I kept asking myself. It was too dark to make out anything. It was way too big to be a large plane with just two lights and no strobes flying way to low and slow. It wasn't until I was directly alongside the object, I rolled down my window to see if I could hear any engine noise when I saw enormous light between the wingtip lights. Rows of red, clear, and like a neon purple in  tubular sections, and there was purple lightning dancing between the bottom of the object and the ground! I screamed I was so scared because I was so close to it and yet I! had no answer to what it was other than alien being a real possibility. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I honked my horn and tried to get the people in the car passing me to look at it as I waved my hand pointing frantically at it for them to see. Once I had passed along side of it and passed it, I could no longer see the colored lights between the wingtips anymore, only the two white wingtip lights. I tried to pull over but couldn't so had to wait until I reached the top of the hill. I got to the top and pulled over and got out and looked, but it was gone. Shoook my head got back in the car headed home and I saw it again in my rear view mirror. It was just too low to see when I got out. I watched it for as long as I could in the mirror as I drove off in fright. The object stayed on it's course heading for Sacramento, slow and very low to the ground. The entire drive back home was strange, I kept looking up at the sky as I drove thinking there was maybe a mass invasion going on. When I got to Tahoe it was 5:30am. To this day I still have no idea why it took that long to get home. It's only a 2hr. drive. I only stepped out of the car for a minute or two at the top of that hill. I wanted to get a better look at it. I KNOW others had to have seen this but might have thought it was just a plane. If I only had a passenger or a camera at the time. I actually went back one week later during the day and took photos of the site and made documentations for myself.;38.6840999999999;-121.0676
sighting high up in space;1990-08-17 22:15:00;1 minute;sighting high up in space I was riding with my friend ((witness #1)) from Tahoe to meet his uncle and family traveling in their RV from Stockton. We were to meet in El Dorado Hills for some supplies. It was late, about 10:15pm when we met at his RV. We were all outside on a very clear warm evening, No moon that night you could see billions of stars and easily spot a satellite going by in space, and I did. Being an avid astronomer myself, I pointed almost directly up at the sky and said look at this satellite going by So by the time everyone looks up and sees it - out from the south came a fish-tailing light about the same brightness as the satellite. It was fish-tailing from left to right as it went forward in space. And guess what, it was on a collision course with that satellite! ((Uncle's name deleted)) uncles older niece  (sic--cousin to witness??) said what's that thing below it? My jaw dropped.. I replied, I don't know.. We all watched as this weird object made its way with the satellite in it's path. When it got to almost where it looked like they were going to collide.. BOOM! This thing just went crazy, started doing these violent superfast zig zags around the satellite as if it were threatened!! It did that in an instant, and when it did we all screamed at the same time! Look at what we were witnessing way up in space! And I bet we were the only ones to see it. You had to be looking up at the right place at just the right time. Nothing we have will ever reproduce the swift movements of whatever that thing is/was nor does it make any sense to have such vehicles behave like that. After the zig zag attack on the satellite, the craft went back into it's fish-tailing left to right movement as it went forward, heading West, high above the earth. About a half a second-left and a half a second right is about the pulse it was moving at. It seemed like an inefficiant way of travel. Very alien. We watched it fishtail for about a minute until it was too far away to see anymore. You probably won't believe this, but I had a sighting 2 years prior to this in the same ar! ea! With this sighting I am now fully convinced we are NOT alone in the universe. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.6840999999999;-121.0676
Plane/Comet looking craft in Sacramento area.;2006-04-07 06:05:00;1 minute;Plane/Comet looking craft in Sacramento area. I was just about to enter the building where I work and I happened to look West and I noticed what appeared to be an airplane (very slow moving). The craft was only visible as a orangeish reddish light about the size of two large stars. I watched it for about ten seconds or so and looked down for about 5 seconds. When I glanced back up the craft had covered a pretty good amount of distance, became twice as bright, three times as large, and appeared to be shining a broad flood light just south of my location, which I found very odd. As I continued to watch I noticed low hanging, wispy clouds which accounted for the distinct appearance of the beam of light, but now the light spread was facing the rear of the craft. The object now looked like a comet without the long tail.  At this point it now had my complete undivided attention, which is good because the next event made me cast all doubts as to weather or not this was a publicly known craft. In a odd way the craft had now either exploded or accelerated in  a completley different direction, the best I can describe is NNW (45* difference in original path) and about 10* higher. When it did this, a very distinct shockwave caused the surrounding clouds to curl on themselves, similar to a plane breaking the sound barrier but in a much larger fashion (no noise at all for the entire duration of sighting). When this happened, the appearance of the craft slowly faded out. From the time I looked back up at the craft to the time it was no longer visible was about 50 seconds or so.  I have seen many many meteors, 1 meteorite and a couple of balzacks (the term I believe is given to a meteor exploding in the atmosphere, occasionaly audible) and as far as my experience has taught me, this was niether a rock nor known plane. Perhaps it was a satillite re-entering but I was under the impression that those are brighter and not nearly as slow moving. This craft did not at any time leave a debris trail as such other objects tend to do.  In summary, it looked like a very slow moving plane at first with no blinking lights, then it looked like a police helecopter with a searchlight (but MUCH broader) and then a comet without its charachteristic long tail and finally, *pow*, gone.;38.6840999999999;-121.0676
