Blue Angles interupted by UFO/F-16 Crashes in area same Day;1996-07-14 14:00:00;1 minutes;Blue Angles interupted by UFO/F-16 Crashes in area same Day Listeing to Peter on Jeff Rense, made me remember this sighting. To quickly summerize myself, at the time I was in college and was in the Marines. In the Marines my duties included calling Close Air Support and artillery as a spotter. I have since been able to identify US and NATO aircraft by sight and sometimes sound. I can also identify some Eastern Block aircraft. (we had flash cards of aircraft in silloette). During the annual Blue Angels Show at Pensacola Beach, I wittnessed a Chrome Sphere hovering over the Santa Rosa Sound, (the body of water the separates Gulf breeze from Pensacola Beach). At the time I was working at the beach as a lifeguard so I had seen the Blue Angels show all week as they practiced. On the final show, (a Saturday), the sky was clear and the beach was crowded. I had Dune Duty, which meant that I was to stand on a tall sand dune next to our shack in case I had to administer first aid to someone. Now, I'm faceing south, as is the airshow guests as the Blue Angels are flying over the Gulf of Mexico at Pensacola Beach. So keep in mind that people are not generally going to be looking behind them to Santa Rosa Sound to the North. Seeing the Angels all week made me notice that they were off a bit' this day. Their Friday show was much cleaner than today. The Diamond formation looked sloppy and other details were picked up by me and the other guards. In the middle of the show the Angels anouncer stated that the show would be delayed because someone was in their airspace. I followed one of the jets with my eye as it broke from the diamond and he went out over the sound. I was now faceing North. Then I saw a glint and it was a chrome sphere hovering over the sound. The F-18 closed on it and came right at the sphere, in a blur the Sphere was gone. It seemed to disapear, but I saw a blur above where it was and think that it must of climbed rapidly in the direction of the blur. Later that day on the evening news, a F-16 was reported to have crashed in a neighborhood in Pensacola. That Neighborhood where the crash occured is close to Escambia Bay. The only thing that separates Escambia Bay from Santa Rosa Sound, is a thin Penensula known as Gulf Breeze. I remember thinking that the F-16 crash, the UFO and the stoppage of the Blue Angels Show, were connected. (an airshow stoppage which I've never seen growing up in Pensacola and having seen the Angels several times). As far as I know I am the only witness. This sighting had the potential for 1000s of witnesses. But I have never heard anyone with a story like this. I may have been the only wittness. I don't have the exact date correct. But I know it was the Blue Angels show at pensacola beach in 1996. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We will attempt to confirm the date, which should not be too difficult, given that the date of Blue Angel performances is published.  Also, the date of the F-16 crash should be easy to establish from newspaper records.  If anyone can help with the exact date, we would be grateful.  PD));30.3498;-87.1655
Bright orange balls of light flying in formation fading and reapearing over the water.  ((NUFORC Note:;2007-08-16 01:00:00;3-5 miunets;Bright orange balls of light flying in formation fading and reapearing over the water. 	The other night me and some guys from my church decided that we were going to ride out bikes out to  the old fort Pickens camp grounds on the island of Pensacola Fl.  It was very late around 12:45am to 1:00am and their were no lights.  Me and my friends had run out of navigate able road(the road was ruined in hurricane Ivan a few years ago.).  We had stopped for a break to drink a little water and rest for a few minuets, just enjoy the wind.  My two friends were facing to the west towards the fort and the darkness and I was a little ahead of them only by a few feet.  I was facing to the east  in the direction of the part of the beach that has the tall buildings and bright lights.  We were taking and suddenly my breath was taken away by  8 to 12 bright orange lights maybe 7-10 miles (truly guessing) away.  I can say in all confidence that they were off over the water away from the resorts. 	I stared at them as they shifted and danced in the sky.  They were perfectly spherical.  They started to dim and I realized that they were going to fade completely so I yelled.  I mean I just yelled and pointed.  By the time that my two friends had turned around the last two faded out and they did not see them.  I tried to explain it to them and when they turned around to ask if I was high(Iv never done any drugs I am completely clean).  I was trying to explain what I had seen when the lights reappeared and I pointed again they seemed closer and one more time they disappeared from sight just as they turned to see them.  And then a third time they appeared in the same place as the first time just as intense and in the same nature they shifted their formation. This time one of my friends turn and saw them and he too was dumb struck.  They all shifted north together and two by two faded while moving north(with the wind). 	That was the last we saw of them only two of the three of saw them and we didn’t see them or anything else strange.  We made it to the end of the island and then turned back because there was no where to spend the night. We saw nothing else out of the ordinary.  Oh and it seems important to let you know that the lights were completely silent.  Or rather we heard nothing at all when they were in the sky.  In retrospect I remember complete silence, but I was shell shock… well anyway thank you for your time. Pensacola, FL Sighting on Pensacola Beach;30.3498;-87.1655
