Large, circular object with 8 or so bright white lights on the bottom, hovering over hilton head island beach..no sound involved;2005-06-25 22:00:00;1-3 minutes;Large, circular object with 8 or so bright white lights on the bottom, hovering over hilton head island beach..no sound involved I spotted (along with two other friends) an extremely bright light in the sky, hovering over Hilton Head Island beach. At first, we thought it was just a plane..so we walked forward, hoping to get a closer look. As we walked towards the object, it seemed to hover closer towards us. My friend asked us to stop and see if it was moving. We stopped and observed that it was ever so slightly moving to the right of us. It was just hovering there, not dipping up or down. Keep in mind, this is on the beach with thirty mile an hour winds whipping. We decided to run towards it to get a closer look and as we did...it seemed to come closer to us for about 15 seconds. We all observed 8 or so large lights around the bottom of the object, which was round with what seemed like a cockpit on the top. The tipical UFO. As we continued running towards it, it seemed like the object saw us...and hovered away to the right...dipping lower and lower until it seemed like it had landed, and where it dissapeared..there was a bright light in the sky. It never made a sound;32.2125;-80.7539
I went to Savannah airport to pick up my friend for the weekend    On our way home we were traveling toward hilton head island on route;2016-09-10 01:00:00;2 minutes;I went to Savannah airport to pick up my friend for the weekend.  On our way home, we were traveling toward Hilton Head Island on route 278, and my friend sitting in the passenger side of the car and myself driving spotted a shooting star going into the direction of our destination    We both commented and I noticed it wasn't quite as high as a regular star would be but we made a wish and dismissed it.  We turned about 3 miles from that point on to moss creek area and stopped to get our pass for the plantation where we were staying.   Then we proceeded on about 3 miles down a winding road toward the house.  We made a quick left onto our road and about 1/8 mile out of the right side of the road which was over a water hole area from a golf course came a soccer ball size ball of blue-ish  white light come toward my car at about eye level.   It passed so fast over the hood of my car and kept traveling so quickly toward the left side and flew into a wooded area next to a fairway.   We both questioned each other what we had both just seen and were stunned.  It was a fast moving ball of light right before our eyes.  We wanted to follow it into the wooded area so we turned the car around but were unfamiliar with the area and it was very dark so we just drove home.   I don't know if the shooting star was connected to this same incident but the coincidence is so likely.;32.2125;-80.7539
