Extremely bright ball of light traveling at a high rate of speed.;2016-09-10 00:45:00;10 minutes;Extremely bright ball of light traveling at a high rate of speed. After the 3 of us ladies on the way back from an airport pickup of a friend from Savanah airport, we saw a shooting star like object in the north in Bluffton, SC, on Bluffton Parkway, just over the outlet mall...   Less than a mile away, we were driving to our destination into the Moss Creek gated community north, and turning onto our street at 10 miles an hour...around 12:45 a.m..  The area is extremely dark because of the sea turtles.   A soccer ball size extremely bright object crossed directly in front of the windshield of our car, lighting up the entire area inside of our car, and the ground around the car, traveling from north of the golf course, going south, like it was following the golfing green south toward a golf course pond, and disappeared.   We were excited but not frightened! ((ADDENDUM FROM ACTUAL EYEWITNESS #1 OF 2)) Hi, Peter, my name is ((name deleted)) and I'm reporting on an incident that took place September 10, 2016.  It was 1:30 am, and I was delivering a friend from the Savannah airport to Hilton Head Island area, about 1 mile from the bridges.   As we were traveling down route 278 about 3 minutes lee from our destination, my friend in the passenger side of the car and myself who was driven by both spotted what we thought was a shooting star, heading right toward the area of our destination.  We both saw it at the same time, and dismissed seed it as just a shooting star.  It didn't seem to be quite as high as a normal star though, as I recollect.   We continued into moss creek area and got our pass to enter the plantation area.  We continued on three the winding roads and turned a sharp right onto our street.  About 1/8 mile on all of a sudden from our right side of my car no higher then my eye level threw the windshield came a soccer ball of bluefish white  Sent from my iPhone ((END OF ADDENDUM));32.2125;-80.7539
6-8 diameter white ball of light seen by two people in car in Hilton Head, SC.  Was ~3 feet from windshield.;2016-09-10 01:00:00;15 minutes;6-8 diameter, white ball of light seen by two people in car in Hilton Head, SC.  Was ~3 feet from windshield. 9/10/2016 UFO Sighting ~1:00 a.m. in Bluffton and Hilton Head, SC. Two friends picked me up at the airport in Savannah and as we were traveling north on the Bluffton Parkway toward Hilton Head, we all saw a meteorite, or shooting star, go low across the night sky.  We all laughed and said, “Good luck, make a wish.”   A little bit later, we had turned into the Moss Creek community and were about a quarter of a mile down the fairway talking and laughing, when a ball of light came from the right, zoomed across the windshield and then disappeared to the left off into a grove of trees. Two of us saw it and said, “What was that!?”  At first, I thought it might be a weird huge bird, but thinking about it a minute later, I realized it seemed completely round, about 6” to 8” in diameter.  It was really bright white in the middle as though it was glowing from within and it moved very fast without any wings.  There was no sound either (although we did have the windows up in the car).  It looked like it zoomed over the hood of the car, about 3 feet from the windshield.  It went from right to left and then swooped off into the distance, making an s-curve across what I later found out was a clearing in the golf course.  From there, it flew into a grove of tall trees on the left side of the clearing. We immediately turned the car around and drove back about 20 feet to the clearing and trees to see if we could still see it.  I did see two dim lights, one brighter than the other, in the trees about 8 ft from the ground.  However, these may have been lights from houses behind the trees, but until we look at that area again, I don’t know that for sure.  I’ve been told that’s all golf course and there are no houses there. Later, we wondered if the “shooting star” and the “ball of light” were connected.  Maybe, maybe not, either way this was an exciting start to my vacation and I don’t know how to explain it, so I believe it was truly a UFO. A little history on me: I have investigated light anomalies in the past, including the Marfa lights and the Brown Mountain lights.  (This light didn’t look anything like those lights and took me totally by surprise.)  Also, I have taken photos and videos of mists and unexplained lights in séances, cemeteries and buildings.  Still, I try to take a skeptical approach and am constantly questioning.;32.2125;-80.7539
