Spotted a cylindrical cloud behaving contrary to laws of physics at 2 PM. Took 7 very good photos.;2004-04-09 14:03:00;13 minutes;Spotted a cylindrical cloud behaving contrary to laws of physics at 2 PM. Took 7 very good photos. Was in backyard taking photos of clouds and planes (my house in directly under the approach to the Hartsfield-Jackson airport in Atlanta). I suddenly noticed a very peculiar looking to the East. It was a almost perfect elongated rectangle, about 10 times as long as it was wide, and it appeared like an iridesent cloud, but it's shape was not like any cloud I have ever seen or heard of , except possibly, the Pillar of cloud that was credited with guiding the Hebrews out of Egypt about 3100 (?) years ago. I managed to get 4 good photos of it before Itemporarily lost track of it.It was travelling in roughly a North to South-West direction at a liesurely pace. It's size, after reviewing my photos, appears to be about 4-500 feet long, maybe longer.  It re-appeared about 10-11 minutes and I got to more photos of it as it was now going back to the North. although, it gave the general appearance of a cloud, it seemed to travel completely independently of any wind. During the aforementioned 10-11 minutes after I initially lost sight of the cylinder , which was to my East, the sound of a jet airliner, headed South towards the Hartsfield-Jackson airport, suddenly caught my attention and I turned my camera to the South and snapped a picture of the airplane(a commercial airliner) just before it disappeared over the top of the gum tree in my front yard. This was exactly 1 minute and 19 seconds after I had taken my last previous shot of the cylinder. After I downloaded my digital photos, I discovered that I had not only captured the airplane in the image , but, over near the left edge of the photo was the top half of the cylinder plainly visible and sticking up out of a bank of clouds. As a bonus, this image also included a small round and dark unidentified object as well as a brilliant sky-blue object spherical appearing object. Both of the objects were between the airplane and the cylinder. I have attached two very good photos for your viewing.;33.9653628140704;-84.0137432160806
