Strange cloudy tadpole shaped object, dark core no flames moving in southern sky with Jet presence seeming to be watching from distance;2012-11-19 15:00:00;30 minutes +;Strange cloudy tadpole shaped object, dark core no flames moving in southern sky with Jet presence seeming to be watching from distance On Monday evening me and my son where coming home from deer hunting on the West RD in Monticello.  We noticed a white tear dropped object that appeared to be falling gradually at a 10 degree angle traveling south east.   We stopped the car and I used my 15x binoculars to get a closer look.  The object appeared to have a core dark in color with an almost white cloudy sheath around it tear dropped shaped with a short tail. We continued to watch it as we traveled down the Hoyt Rd. and stopped again as we thought it could be a Jet aircraft with an after burner but knowing jets have a very long trail this object did not.   Thats when we noticed that many jets not shore what kind (possibly military)where approaching the objects vicinity from many directions.   We started to lose sight of the object and continued south to Rt. 1.  We topped the hill coming out of Monticello headed south an pulled over along side the road.  That is when we still noticed aircraft flying in the vicinity and the object began to slowly spiral down.   The object appeared to be as close as you would normaly see a jet flying over and the long white trail they leave behind but this object was much larger and easier to see with a short tail almost like a tadpole but left no trail in sky.  We then noticed that there were two more objects further off in the distance same shape and same color with jet aircraft near by.  I wish I could say how far these objects were from us but the distance would be very great but still visible with out optics.  Not shore but I have seen many comets and falling stars but this was nothing like that.  Hope someone else in the state has seen this also.   I am posting this on 11/20/12 because it happend again this evening in the southern sky at around 15:00.  Same object with jets in its vacinity.  We also noticed that fm radio signals have been very distorted latley. ???????   Will keep watching.  Hoping to get video or image. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));46.1207;-67.8601
