One lighted object that was tracked by aircraft at two different times, th aircraft altered their prior flight pattern.;1999-11-10 10:35:00;45 minutes;One lighted object that was tracked by aircraft at two different times, th aircraft altered their prior flight pattern. On the morning of November 10,1999, I witnessed lighted object approximated to be north of my location. It was stationery about 40,000 feet as observed for several minutes. I observed one airliner jet manuveur in direct course with said object to a point that, from a point of my visibility, no more than 10 miles. The object disappeared before the airliner could get close enough. A second appearance occured after the airliner was out of my sight. It appeared to be in the same place. At this time, it was very odd that the airliner had altered it's course to intercept the object. On the second appearance, there where two Air Force Jets that were enroute( one from the east and one from the west).The object only remained stationary for about thirty seconds. The two jets came close to the object, but did not intercept it. Before the jets had reached the object, it(the light object)made a quick flash to the left and diappeared again. The two Air Force jets turned opposite of their own path. I remained outside for any other appearance for several minutes. After the jets were out of site, I returned inside my home.;37.825;-87.5655
Roaring and erratic-moving lights over Henderson, KY;2006-07-30 22:00:00;30-40 mins;Roaring and erratic-moving lights over Henderson, KY Over the period of about 30-40 minutes, a jet-like roaring sound was witnessed by several people including the dispatch officer on duty at our 911 number.  The sound was similar to a jet engine, but pervasive, louder, and seemed to almost vibrate the house.  (It was loud enough to be heard/felt inside a well-insulated house with TV on, for example).  The roaring sound(s) persisted over most of the 30-40 minute period, but may have been multiple (up to six?) discrete events.  On about the fourth event, I personally witnessed a light moving from directly above me to the SE.  the roaring sound came directly from the direction of the light.  For the first few seconds the light appeared to be a fast-moving aircraft (I thought it was a fighter).  The problem is, it was so high that I should never have been able to hear the sound of its engines.  If a commercial or military jet had been low enough to hear, I should have been able to distinguish separate lights (wing lights, etc.)  I couldn't.  This object was just a white-to-maybe-orangish point of light accompanied by a loud roaring sound.  Before it passed out of view over my house, it veered dramatically left, then right, then left again.  I don't want to suggest it was spiraling, but that is what I thought at the time.  It maneuvered much faster than any commercial jet vehicle could have moved (in my field of view at the percieved altitude).  There may have been more than one UFO, as the roaring continued over about 30 minutes, either rising and falling, or multiple events in sequence.  I called the 911 dispatecher and reported the event at approximately 10:15 PM and she confirmed the sound, but at this time, neither of us could find a light in the direction the sound was coing from.  The night sky was absolutely clear.  I first became aware of the roaring when my girlfriend's son called me from across town to report both the sound and that he had drawn a picture of the moon because it had a funny shadow.  (That may not be related to what I witnessed.  I just note it, in case anyone else corroborates it.);37.825;-87.5655
SLOW MOVOING ORANGE REFLECTING TYPE LIGHT FLYING NORTH EAST;2011-07-11 20:45:00;2 MINUTES;SLOW MOVOING ORANGE REFLECTING TYPE LIGHT FLYING NORTH EAST SLOW MOVING ORANGE RELFECTING LIGHT FLYING NORTH EAST.   HAD AN ALMOST FLOWING FIREY APPEARANCE, NO NOISE.  MOVED SLOWLY ENOUGH WE WATCHED FOR SEVERAL MINUTES;37.825;-87.5655
