3 lighted spacecrafts that formed Triangular shape & ascended straight up into the sky, moving at unbelievable speed.;2013-10-06 21:56:00;1 hour;3 lighted spacecrafts that formed Triangular shape & ascended straight up into the sky, moving at unbelievable speed. On around 10/02/2013 at about 3AM I went outside to go smoke after suddenly waking up with a strange feeling/disturbance to my sleep.  I'm not sure if the noise was in my dream or if I was half asleep and imagined it  But I woke up startled to a noise like medal on medal rubbing. It sounded like it was coming from either outside my window, but over my head, or up in my attic or over my roof.  I Immediately called my friend Madison and as I'm going outside & on the phone with her I saw a star in the sky oddly brighter than the rest, As I observed it for awhile I realized it couldn’t be a star,  Maybe an airplane?  It had 2 flashing colors which are why I originally thought it to be a plane and it was moving.  But the more I watched it the more I realized it was NOT a plane and it was NOT the only one there.  The first one I saw I call “the bright one” it was on the left hand side of the sky.  It kind of sat there for about 10 minutes just hovering then I notice 2 other ones on the right hand complete opposite side of the sky they were brighter than stars but not as bright as the first “bright one.”  They were far away so it was hard to tell of their shape, But they appeared to be an oval shape as I could see after all this, because “The bright one” all of a sudden SPEEDED across the sky at a speed Impossible by aircraft to man. It freaked me out really bad because then the “bright one” went across the sky and then straight up to above the two on the right I seen before. The 3 of them formed a triangle shape, with the bright one being in lead. Once they were all aligned PERFECTLY, They went DEAD STRAIGHT up into the sky and disappeared after awhile of ascending! As they went upwards I also saw what appeared to be several more of them trailing behind the first 3 (what I’ve been referring to as LEADERS) But weren’t as distinct for whatever reason as the first 3. They ALL however did ascend straight up and away.  I called several people explaining what I had seen in a panic. It really scared me I went inside, locked the doors. THEN last night a similar thing happened, only this time I had an eye witness. My sister was staying for the weekend THANK GOD. Same scenario. We went outside to go smoke, The exact time we came back inside from watching the “ufo’s” this time was at 9:56 PM and the date was 10/06/2013. I live near Days Creek Oregon in Canyonville, Right next to the Canyonville YMCA. This time I saw the same “bright one” it was AGAIN on the left hand side of the sky and there were AGAIN other ones This time more spread out. This time however they all sat rather still for about 20 minutes. I wish I had timed it but I hadn’t so the duration is a guess. They all (as last time) were flashing 2 different colors. A couple of them at first zigzagged across the sky in FAST speeds like the last time after sitting still for quite awhile. I pointed the “stars” out to my sister getting extr! emely excited. “LOOK! THIS IS WHAT I WAS TELLING YOU ABOUT, THEIR THERE AGAIN!” My sister DID see them too and was pretty scared & nervous. She kept saying it was really weird and she didn’t know what they were. Appearing to her as planes as well at first, she also considered maybe there was just a large amount of satellites. Until they began moving at rapid speeds then ASCENDING, MOST OF THEM, Straight up into the sky.  Both times I was sitting on my porch there are a bunch of trees behind my house, But I could see them all clearly UP above them in CLEAR sky just a street past my house is what i believe to be a logging company? there is a big empty lot right there, sometimes semi trucks but none that I seemed to notice on those nights, Tho I wasn't paying attention to anything but these UFOS;42.9321;-123.2728
