Multiple sightings of a variety of shapes of UFOlike crafts, many photos!!!;2010-02-24 09:30:00;1-3 hours;Multiple sightings of a variety of shapes of UFOlike crafts, many photos !!! The Array  The first time I caught one of these sphere’s on camera ( 5.0 Megapixel Digital ) was on Christmas 2009. I have always been fascinated with the night sky, so I was taking pics as usual. After that I came inside and uploaded the pics onto my computer and was amazed to find several round sphere’s a long ways up over my House. So, I zoomed in the pic and there was this disc looking sphere, greenish on the center and fuzzy white around the outside. It also appeared to have area’s of exhaust coming from several spots around the orb. The following night December 26, 2009, I took about 50 or 60 more pics and was again surprised to see many more of these round muti-colored orbs. There appeared to be human-like occupants inside the craft, I could tell because these things are transparent. Today is March 7,2010 , every single night since then I have seen MANY different size and shaped crafts, several of them appear to be VERY large. In the photo’s you can see people inside, also what appears to be computer terminals and flat screens, with people sitting or standing around them. Also, you can see what looks to be  ( plasma warp drive’s) or something. I have seen these on clear nights, cloudy night s, in the rain, in the snow.  One time I was observing a couple of them hovering way up overhead, and it seemed as soon as I took a picture and my flash went off, they took off, it looked like a shooting star, it took off so fast, my brother happened to be standing outside with me during one of these events.  I can go outside on any given night and capture these things on camera, sometimes I have to take a couple pics, then its as though the flash attracts them and then there’s anywhere from 1 - 20,30 of them. I have many pictures, I haven’t really wanted to report them because there is such a stigma attached to this topic.  I know what I’ve seen, I have proof on film, and they’re not blurry images, you can clearly see thses things. If I take several photo’s in a row , pointing at the same spot, they are never in the same spot, they are definitely moving. And there is like a roaring sound like multiple jets flying in circles, and then sometimes, no sound at all.  They are very beautiful crafts, and super fast. My wife has seen the pictures, but doesn’t care, she tells me I’m losing it, even though she can clearly see the pictures. She’s the type of person that ( just wants to live her life) and doesn’t want to be bothered with them.  I tell her she needs to pay attention, we don’t know what these things are capable of , where they’re from, Are they extra-terrestrial, or Secret Machines made by our very own Government. That’s another reason I have taken so long to report them, I don’t need no trouble from no Government Agency, or Black Op Project  messing with me and my Family. I will share the photos with you. But I wish to remain anonymous.;43.4702;-70.8012
