I saw 6-8 craft of some sort descending to the ground and dissapearing behind the trees.;2004-11-08 18:45:00;ongoing;I saw 6-8 craft of some sort descending to the ground and dissapearing behind the trees. I have made a couple of reports within the last week or so from College Station and am glad to see them finally posted but must disagree with the evaluation that they are merely stars. Last night as I was coming home right after dark I saw what I thought was an airplane. I refer to them as mosquitoes because they have at least six or eight white lights that extend from them. I was about a mile from my house on a big hill where you can see for miles. I saw the first and then a few hundred yards behind was another and then another. This was to my left and then to my right was the same thing. And as I watched in dismay they all went straight towards the direction of my house. And trying to be scientific about all of this I thought OK what a coincidence. Then I watched several of them dropping toward the ground until they went behind the trees. Then two of them that were still in the air turned off their (running lights) and became these yellowish/orange balls that I have been seeing. And yes I was freaking out and no I was not drinking. And the worst part was I had to go home right by there. My house is surrounded by thousands of acres of tall thick wilderness so anything could be out there. I started watching as I turned on my road and sure enough about halfway down I could see through a small clearing some sort of blinking white lights which were on or near the ground. When I stopped to look they turned off as if I was seen. And not no but hell no I did not go to see what it was. Later that night I could see a glow back there like from a town but there is no town in that direction. I could hear what sounded like machinery which reminded me of an oil well pumping station. But to my best knowledge there is not a well back in that creek bottom either. So I went inside and pulled the covers over my head and hid. I have been seeing and filming things nearly every night for about a month and have no explainations. My friend at work said maybe they are some type of military helicoptors or something which would be fine as compared with the alterenative. I only know that I hope it is one of ours and not one of theirs. But I suppose they mean us no harm because I have definitely been seen watching them......I have video but am unclear where to send it. ((NUFORC Note:  One of many reports from same source.  Possibly not a serious report.  PD));30.5803260053619;-96.2931112600536
I have made several reports recently and had the most disturbing sighting last night. I previously reported seeing objects that appeare;2004-11-11 19:00:00;5 min.;I have made several reports recently and had the most disturbing sighting last night. I previously reported seeing objects that appeared to be stars that were low to the ground and when magnified they appear to be some type of energy balls that rotate and pulse and glow like a welding machine. They seem to be motionless to the naked eye but on video can be observed to slowly arc upwards over time. I also have seen strange vehicles which could be normally explained as some type of airplane. Last night I saw one of these orange hovering balls over some nearby houses and when I stopped the car to film it dropped to the ground like a spider on a web. Then when it saw I wasn't leaving it rose up and started flying slowly away. Anyone else would have said it was just a plane but when I zoomed up on it you can clearly see that it is 3-4 of these little welding balls traveling together not in formation but as one unit seemingly fused together electromagnetically or something. It is beyond all of my comprehension of how this is possible. But in slow motion you can clearly see them individually but moving as one. And kind of pulling at each other as they go. This craft moved away from me just above the horizon until it vanished from view. As I drove away I could see it (light up) again and start circling back to where it had started from. In the 2 inch video window of my camcorder all you could see was a light but on the TV screen at home it is plain to see and as it vanished it seemed as if the spheres broke apart and went in different directions. As I drove along I could see these things almost everywhere. Noone seems to believe me even with the video and laugh it off telling me to watch out or I will get a probing. It is alarming to say the least and it is just like what people had said they had seen but had no proof. I have the proof that the Truth is Out There as they say on the X-Files. I have started calling myself Spooky. ((NUFORC Note:  One of many reports from same source.  Possibly not a serious report.  PD));30.5803260053619;-96.2931112600536
