city lights flash out, bright light flashes across sky from Southeast Direction;2005-08-12 22:30:00;1-3 seconds;city lights flash out, bright light flashes across sky from Southeast Direction ----(I have already reported this once. I am clarifying some information a little. I was thinking about it again today (this weird event pops into my mind every once in a while still.. it really impacted me) and wanted to just clarify info a little bit.)---   There were three of us in the car on the road going out for the night.  It was early August on a Thurs or Friday night, somewhere between 10-11 pm. We were in the city on a street driving Northeast, and there were buildings on either side of us on the road, restaurants, mini mall, parking lots etc, all lit up with typical lights.  Suddenly in a split second, all lights went OUT and the sky lit up in a bright flast of light.  There was not an apparent point that this light radiated from, rather the entire half of the Southeastern sky was lit up like daylight. ie, the sky was sky blue.  For that split second it was like daylight (although the extreme opposite direction, the horizon was still dark). before you could blink, everything was back to normal lights back on and everything.  Literally, it occured in a split second. It was VERY WEIRD and paranormal..  All three of us in the vehicle screamed and the driver STOPPED the car in the middle of the street. Before we were through jumping/hollering/car stopped it was over, though, leaving us to wonder if it really even happened.  There was absolutely NO NOISE associated with the event at all.  We all looked at each other in disbelief... in fact we all asked each other  did that just happen at the same time.  If we were not all there to assure each other, I think if would have been passed off as imagination, etc.  I called electric company the next day because we were so freaked out.. no reports of any kind of problem whatsoever.  We had called another friend we were going to meet up with several miles away north of us, who was in her car as well with her fiance, and although she saw no flash of light in the sky, she said the lights in the city did flash off for a second where she was at too.  The night was fairly clear...nice weather. There was NO lighting, and no storms in the area.  This event may seem trivial just reading about it, but if you were there you would understand why I have reported it here.  The three of us talked often about this event for WEEKS after it occured.   We were shaken up for all that night.. something UNREAL occured that defied our senses and rational explanation.;30.5803260053619;-96.2931112600536
