Large, distant, bright, star-like object, moving slowly from Northeast to Southwest most likley bright planet.;2004-07-22 04:00:00;unknown;Large, distant, bright, star-like object, moving slowly from Northeast to Southwest most likley bright planet. On porch. Object came from the North-eastern horizon heading South-eastern. I first noticed it while driving back from the store around 4:00am. It had the same coloration as the stars however was at least 10 times brighter than the brightest star in the sky. It moved very slowly across the sky. At first I thought it was the lights from an airplane however it was moving far to slowly. It is moving much faster than the stars towards the north almost directly. I watched the object for over an hour. During that time I saw several meteors that streaked across the sky in almost the exact same path that the object is taking. I also saw a satellite heading straight towards it until it could not be see anymore with the naked eye. Most likley it's reflect was over-powered by the light from the object. This object is at an extremely far away. My best guess is that it is one of closer planets and is just reflecting far more light than usual. This would explain the slow speed, and why it was still going much quicker than the rest of the stars? Thanks ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));30.5803260053619;-96.2931112600536
Stationary red, blue, green, white light high in College Station sky around 5am;2007-09-10 05:00:00;10min;Stationary red, blue, green, white light high in College Station sky around 5am 	While smoking a cigarette on the front porch which faces 120 degrees North Northeast I noticed what I assumed was one of the stars flashing different colors. Unsure if my eyes were playing tricks on me I asked my roommate who was sitting next to me if he thought the star was changing colors. He agreed that is was definitely flashing different colors. Being extremely high up it was hard to make out a definitive shape but it was flashing red blue green and white light. 	He reasoned that it could be a plane extremely high up and heading straight for us and that was why it looked like it wasn’t moving. However, after about half an hour of watching it continued to remain stationary. Also, agreeing that neither one of us had ever seen a plane that flashed that many color and in such rapid succession. The flashing most resemble the flashing of a police car if you added green and white into the mix. I looked at other stars to see if maybe there was moisture or something else in the air that could be causing the color changes however all the other stars, including ones near the UFO appeared normal not even showing much scintillation. 	I grabbed a pair of binoculars and peered at the object however they were to low power to help much. The colors and strobing was easier to make out with the binoculars but not much else. I took some pictures with my digital camera to see if it could give many any detail however it is to old and cannot zoom so it was of little use as well. In conclusion, we both agreed it was not a star however we cannot explain the multicolor strobing no why it remained stationary. The object was still in the sky when we retired to the house. 	Keep in mind that both my roommate and I always look for the most likely causes for this type of phenomenon but were not able to reason one on this night. It should be noted as well that neither one of us was on any king of drug or medication at the time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));30.5803260053619;-96.2931112600536
Hovering object seen with red and white light making very erratic movements;2014-07-30 22:15:00;~3 minutes;Hovering object seen with red and white light making very erratic movements At approximately 10:15 pm, myself and 4 other family members witnessed something hovering in the sky that we could not identify or explain.  We were on the back patio of my house, and observed a large object floating in the same spot with a very bright red and white light.  The lights were not blinking, not strobing, just on.  There was no sound either. We were not able to make out the shape of the object.   We assumed what we were seeing was a helicopter at first, until we saw it move.  It would suddenly move one direction, then dart the other way without stopping (from left to right without pausing).  It would seem to float and dip, and then suddenly accelerate a short distance, and then freeze.  It also would suddenly descend and ascend.   All of the movements seemed very erratic, and not at all like any normal flight pattern.  I do not believe that a helicopter would be capable of the movements we witnessed.   We watched the object for about 3 minutes as it slowly traveled several miles away and out of view.   Hoping others witnessed!??;30.5803260053619;-96.2931112600536
