UFO with Lights in Bay View Location on Little Bay de Noc Shore line;1980-05-10 10:30:00;3 mins;UFO with Lights in Bay View Location on Little Bay de Noc Shore line I got off of work heading home down US2 & 41 from Escanaba, Mi. I turned by the Grain and Grape towards my house.  I was at the top of a little hill, when I  noticed some colored lights: green, red, blue lights hovering on the shore (Clearing) of Little Bay de Noc.  (At the bottom of the hill it T-s, Right or Left) If you went straight you would drive into the lake. There is an old abandoned lumber mill to the right of what looks like a old boat launch.  We played there as kids and remember going into the water and feeling sawdust on our feet. I saw the lights and thought, why is there a  helicopter sitting on the shore??  I continued driving down the hill and shutting of the music and rolling my passenger window down simultaneously.  I was listening for the helicopter, but DID NOT  hear any noise at all. I stopped completely (after making the left hand turn) right in front of it.  The lake is appx. 150 feet away. The lights either went out or the vehicle took off.  Not sure which.  All I know is I was scared to death. I took off in a panic, pulled in my driveway and had to untie my dog (dobie) from his chain/doghouse which was right near the top of a hill that lead to the lake.  The dog is normally jumping and excited to see me.  I unlatched his chain from his collar and he made a bee-line toward the front door of the house with me on his tail.  I have never seen that dog act in this manner, EveR!!  I got inside and told my family about the incident and of course they thought I was crazy.  To this day when I go home, I am scared to death over that incident. I have seen all kinds of strange things on that lake.  My family has seen strange things on that lake and in the woods as well. Ask 10 Yoopers if they have ever seen something weird around the U.P. and 8 out of 10 will say YES! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));45.8784000000001;-87.1162000000002
UFO with Lights in Bay View Location on Little Bay de Noc Shore line.;1980-05-10 10:30:00;3 minutes;UFO with Lights in Bay View Location on Little Bay de Noc Shore line I got off of work heading home down US2 & 41 from Escanaba, Mi. I turned by the Grain and Grape towards my house.  I was at the top of a little hill, when I  noticed some colored lights: green, red, blue lights hovering on the shore (Clearing) of Little Bay de Noc.  (At the bottom of the hill it T-s, Right or Left)  If you went straight you would drive into the lake. There is an old abandoned lumber mill to the right of what looks like a old boat launch.  We played there as kids and remember going into the water and feeling sawdust on our feet. I saw the lights and thought, why is there a  helicopter sitting on the shore??  I continued driving down the hill and shutting of the music and rolling my passenger window down simultaneously. I was listening for the helicopter, but DID NOT  hear any noise at all.  I stopped completely (after making the left hand turn) right in front of it.  The lake is appx. 150 feet away. The lights either went out or the vehicle took off.  Not sure which.  All I know is I was scared to death. I took off in a panic, pulled in my driveway and had to untie my dog (dobie) from his chain/doghouse which was right near the top of a hill that lead to the lake.  The dog is normally jumping and excited to see me.  I unlatched his chain from his collar and he made a bee-line toward the front door of the house with me on his tail.  I have never seen that dog act in this manner, Ever!!   I got inside and told my family about the incident and of course they thought I was crazy.  To this day when I go home, I am scared to death over that incident. I have seen all kinds of strange things on that lake.   My family has seen strange things on that lake and in the woods as well. Ask 10 Yoopers if they have ever seen something weird around the U.P. and 8 out of 10 will say YES! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));45.8784000000001;-87.1162000000002
A large ball of light appeared just over tree tops and ascended quickly skyward.;2000-06-03 00:17:00;2 min. 30 sec;A large ball of light appeared just over tree tops and ascended quickly skyward. A bright light appeared at tree top level.  It was a extremely bright silverish light but did not hurt eyes.  Started moving east to northeast at a slow pace and then start ascending quickly north and upwards.  Not changing form, it kept decending upwards until no longer able to see. There was no sound. ((NUFORC Note:  We presume the witness means Saturday, 03JN00, but we are not certain.));45.8784000000001;-87.1162000000002
Three ufos performing maneuvers over Gladstone Michigan.;2001-09-15 04:00:00;12 seconds;Three ufos performing maneuvers over Gladstone Michigan. I was driving home from the night shift at a grocery store in Escanaba.   I had gotten off work a little earlier than usual (it was between 4-5am) and was driving along US 2 & 41 M-35 north headed home to Gladstone.  I came along the stretch of Highway right before Gladstone where you travel along lake Michigan for about a mile or so and happened to look up at the sky over the bay.  What I saw has changed my life.   I saw three very bright lights. I would describe them as being as bright as the brightest stars in the night sky. But these were not stars, satellites, meteors, planes, jets, ball lightning, etc. .   All three of these lights were traveling very fast and turning around each other in a very erratic manner. They would come close to each other and twist around each other making 90 degree turns without slowing down or touching.  These strange maneuvers lasted about 10 seconds.   Then all three lights spread out along the horizon, stopped, and then streaked north simultaneously at a fantastic rate of speed.  Now I have watched the sky for years and have never seen anything like this.  These could not have had human pilots as they should not be able to withstand the forces involved in making 90 degree turns without slowing down (from what I have read the laws of physics would have some problems with this also)or traveling at the speeds I saw.   I have also seen plenty of aircraft over the years from the KI Sawyer Air Force base north of here when it was still operational and this was nothing like any of those. (It closed in the1990s)   When I had seen this I had thought that this was a once in a lifetime experience but I was wrong.  Two weeks later as a friend and I walked out of my house at around 2am we both happened to look up and saw one of those same lights speed above us, stop, and then streak north just like the last time except I was below them this time.  I was happy that someone else had seen this.   Now I don't know what these lights were but every possible conclusion I come up ! with is somewhat troubling. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));45.8784000000001;-87.1162000000002
