glowing bright object with with either fast moving glowing parts around it or a glowing halo.;2004-07-19 01:34:00;5 seconds;glowing bright object with with either fast moving glowing parts around it or a glowing halo. i was sitting around a bondfire with my family and a neighbor. i looked to the north sky and saw what seemed to be a star with a fuzzy lit blue ring around it. it zipped to the west of the sky and i told everyone to look! as they did it zipped across the sky to the east and slightly back to the west and then straight over us to the south. it looked almost like it had wings twice as fast as a humming bird's wings which seemed to cause the fuzzy halo around the lit object. it all happened in five seconds from the time i told everyone to look. it moved so silently and so fast it was unbelievable. in no time we were arguing about what it was and noone can answer it. about a half an hour later, it appeared out of nowhere above us and shot north at an even more amazing speed than before with only a quick shot to the west and back straight north until it dissappeared. i have no idea what it was and i don't want to try to explain it. none of us drink or do drugs of any sort, nor are we quick to assume but this was beyond strange. i have observed the night skies for 23 years and never and i mean never saw something like this.;45.8784000000001;-87.1162000000002
Strange object with two lights.;2006-07-03 03:00:00;1 minute;Strange object with two lights. On the 3rd of July at 3:00am almost exactly, I saw a very strange object\objects.  I work the night shift and when I came home, I noticed I needed to get milk for the kids in the morning and went outside to go to the local gas station to get a gallon.  I forgot my wallet and began going inside the house.  I had just peeked up towards the south sky for a second and thought I had seen a satellite or fireball at first moving across the sky. I took a couple of steps back to see around my roof line by my front porch and noticed not only 1 large star, but one small one directly under it and moving exactly with it. Measurements are hard to describe but it must have been low and very large as I will explain. As it moved east slowly, I noticed it must have been a solid object since it would block out other stars in between the two star type lights. It suddenly stopped and began going south, now directly in front of me, and as the lights seemed to dim and become closer and go up higher , the more stars would show around it so I know it was moving upwards and away from me at the same time. The size must have been huge although I cannot honestly say how big. We don't have any type of blimps, laser displays or anything of the sort here as it is a small area with mostly woods and a lake. The only example I can give is to look at the two end stars on the cup of the big dipper as that was aproximately the distance between them, and picture those two stars moving in unisen sideways. There was no noise at all, not even a whoosh or anything, like it was gliding in a sound proof room. The two lights eventually looked like one as they seemed to merge and at this point very faint, and then just dissappeared. I may add that there were no planes and living in the country , it's easy to hear even a small plane or jet that is very high.;45.8784000000001;-87.1162000000002
