Denver-area:  starlike object in daytime sky is stationary, then speeds off;2004-07-07 13:40:00;4 minutes;Denver-area:  starlike object in daytime sky is stationary, then speeds off I looked up at the partly-cloudy sky, and almost directly overhead against the blue shone a starlike point of light or object, appearing stationary.  I ran inside to grab my binoculars and was back outside within about 30 seconds, but I couldn't find the object, so I scanned the sky to see if it had moved to another location, thinking it may have been a balloon very high in the sky.  I located it, or another object like it, substantially east of the original location, but again, appearing stationary.  (I subsequently checked the current weather report and found that the wind was coming from the north, so apparently the object was not simply drifting in the wind.) I sighted it through the binoculars and it appeared to be a single, round, whitish object.  As I watched it for a couple of minutes, sometimes with the naked eye and sometimes through the binoculars, it seemed to remain almost motionless.  Then SUDDENLY, it took off heading to the south very quickly -- erasing any suspicion I had that it may be a balloon.  Whereas I had been holding the binoculars steady, I now had a hard time keeping up with the object.  I attempted to find it again with the naked eye but from that point on, I couldn't. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Starlike object seen again later in day I made a report earlier today a starlike light in the daytime sky.  This evening I decided to recline on a lounge chair on my back patio to scan the sky again, and at about 7 PM I saw either the same or a similar object as earlier today.  The object was apparently motionless in the eastern sky, directly in front of me, and about halfway between horizon and zenith.  Way too early in the evening to see a star, but that is what it resembled, with a spherical shape discernible with binoculars.  There are electrical lines overhead which connect from the house to the garage, and the object was centered between the two lines for the entire sighting, which lasted about 15 minutes until it became obscured by clouds and virga as a small storm rolled in.  The object gave the impression of being very, very high in the sky and of reflecting the sunlight, as it faded in intensity as the clouds approached. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to this MUFON member for submitting the report.  PD));39.6214055147059;-104.937399264706
Starlike object seen again later in day;2004-07-07 19:00:00;15 minutes;Starlike object seen again later in day I made a report earlier today a starlike light in the daytime sky.  This evening I decided to recline on a lounge chair on my back patio to scan the sky again, and at about 7 PM I saw either the same or a similar object as earlier today.  The object was apparently motionless in the eastern sky, directly in front of me, and about halfway between horizon and zenith.  Way too early in the evening to see a star, but that is what it resembled, with a spherical shape discernible with binoculars.  There are electrical lines overhead which connect from the house to the garage, and the object was centered between the two lines for the entire sighting, which lasted about 15 minutes until it became obscured by clouds and virga as a small storm rolled in.  The object gave the impression of being very, very high in the sky and of reflecting the sunlight, as it faded in intensity as the clouds approached. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to this MUFON member for submitting the report.  PD));39.6214055147059;-104.937399264706
Second day in a row, daytime star-like object(s) seen in Denver area;2004-07-08 17:55:00;10 minutes plus;Second day in a row, daytime star-like object(s) seen in Denver area I reported two separate incidents on 7/7/04 with daytime sphere(s).  The next day, 7/8/04, I decided to lounge on the patio during the afternoonto read magazines and scan the sky periodically for another sighting.  It took awhile to be rewarded for the wait, but at 5.55 PM I saw what appeared to be the same object from the day before, again, in nearly the idential eastern placement in the sky.  Again, through binocs, it was a single sphere, apparently reflecting the sun, but not glinting.  I watched it as it very slowly moved toward the south, passing BEHIND one small cloud which itself was drifting generally northward.  (The local online weather details indicated a north wind in Denver, though I'm not sure at what time or altitude that stat was documented).  As previously, this object gradually faded out of sight, though it was visible for about 10 minutes total, until 6.05, during which time it had moved only a few degrees.  NOTABLY:  Less than 1/2 hour later, the same or a similar object AGAIN appeared, but several degrees north of the location where the earlier one had disappeared, and once again it very slowly headed to the south/perhaps SE as it gradually faded in intensity.  Second event lasted from 6.30 to 6.38 PM.  Using Occam's razor, I started thinking about these 4 sightings which had occurred in a 30-hour period, and there are several things worth noting:  1) I did not change the focus on the binoculars from the time I saw the distant, near-stationary object SUDDENLY accelerate during yesterday's sighting, indicating it was the same object and not the result of an unintentional, split second blink of the eye viewfinder adjustment to something closer to me (for instance, cotton from a cottonwood tree)and besides, the speeding object looked identical in size and shape to the steady object, 2) in addition, this time of year there is no cotton drifting in the air,  3) the object was relatively stationary and steady in intensity -- rather unlike a balloon might appear if drifti! ng in upper level winds, and 4) the object moved slowly southward while the clouds at apparently a similar altitude were drifting northward.  I am going to continue watching for this type of object and would encourage other Denver-area skywatchers to keep their eyes peeled for this recurrent daytime object in the eastern sky! ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to this MUFON member for submitting the report.  PD));39.6214055147059;-104.937399264706
white sphere(s) seen again in Denver area perhaps colour-changing;2004-08-23 14:55:00;15 mins;white sphere(s) seen again in Denver area perhaps colour-changing I work at home and my connection to the office server was temporarily down, so I took the opportunity to skywatch.  Having seen numerous anomalous sightings from my patio looking east in recent weeks, I scanned the sky for another.  Within moments I saw a fast-mover, a dim sphere travelling due south at a good clip -- a bit faster than, say, a jet or a satellite.  Through binocs, it was circular and reminiscent of the others I've seen recently, appearing to reflect the sun a bit.  It was halfway between horizon and zenith to the east.  As I watched it through binocs, it travelled into a feathery cloud, and I didn't see it come out the other side.  Lowering the binocs, I noted that the cloud was not very large at all, so it was odd that the object didn't come out the other side, and I looked but couldn't find it with the naked eye either.  I noted that the clouds, which appeared to be cirrus and rather sparse, thus higher than cumulus clouds, were moving slowly northward. Just a few moments later, at 3 PM, I saw this object or another one which seemingly suddenly appeared almost directly overhead.  It was shining as bright as Vega but in the daytime sky.  It remained absolutely motionless, mimicking a star, for about 3 minutes, while clouds approached slowly from the south.  Through binocs it appeared to be a perfectly circular, white object, with the typical thin crescent of darker shadow area on its side opposite the sun.  It remained steady and very bright as I gazed at it through binoculars.  I lowered the binocs briefly as a cloud moved into the area of the sphere, and then looked again through binocs.  Now I noticed what I thought was something different -- a solid BLACK sphere moving through the cloud.  (Since the cloud itself was moving, for the moment I couldn't tell if the apparent movement of the object was an illusion or real.)  However, I soon saw that it was the same apparent object, only when it was in front of the clouds it was pure black, and when it moved out of the cloud (or the cloud moved away from it) it became instantly pure white again against the blue sky.  I watched as the apparent colour changed instantaneously.  If this foreground/background colour change is a known phenomenon with rubber balloons, I've never known of it before anyway the object did not appear to be a balloon.  At 3.05 I noticed it had moved from its stationary position just south of an overhead wire to the north, by several degrees, and then it started heading to the east/northeast rather slowly, until by about 3.08 it had passed behind some trees and continued out of sight, now lower than half-way between horizon and zenith as it travelled away from me. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to this MUFON member for submitting the report.  PD));39.6214055147059;-104.937399264706
Oddly-behaving white sphere once again seen in Denver area;2004-08-30 14:10:00;5 minutes;Oddly-behaving white sphere once again seen in Denver area I am hesitant to report this, if only because it seems that when I look, I see another.  I have reported this type of event several times over the past month.  Once again, I was looking east from my back patio.  The sky was mostly blue with a few patchy areas of high clouds.  I see the starlike object again, like a small point of light through binoculars it looks like a whitish sphere.  I am an avid skywatcher and am very adept at spotting tiny objects in the sky no one else would have likely seen this unless they'd been deliberately looking closely.  In fact between trying to find it in the binocs (my arms get tired holding the binocs up) and looking with naked eye, it was not easy to keep track of yet it remained very nearly stationary for about 2 minutes.  As I was looking at it through binoculars, it very quickly took off moving to the south/southeast.  I did not take my eyes off it until it went past the line of my roof, which took roughly 15 to 20 seconds.  So from stationary to very rapidly moving, yet again -- as reported earlier in the month.  I was not going to report the following but since I'm submitting something, about a half-hour prior to the white sphere sighting of today, I also saw a metallic red sphere, also seemingly motionless and very high in the sky (hard to notice).  Could not tell through binocs whether it was a red mylar balloon or what but I lost sight of it and couldn't find it again after just a minute or two.  Four minutes later, at 1.32 PM, I saw an aircraft fly overhead and over the area of the sky in which I'd seen the red sphere: in the direction of DIA (to the northeast).  Some aircraft today have been leaving short contrails, others have not. This was leaving a contrail, two streams rather farther apart than a normal aircraft I looked through binoculars and what I saw took me by surprise.  This was some sort of military craft I'm sure a dull gray, flattened triangle.  There was no fuselage it was just a large gray wing, much wider than long, with the shorter point of the triangle in the direction of flight.  The sound was similar to a regular jet, although it did seem to rumble a bit longer than I would have expected as it disappeared in the distance.  I got a good look at it it was definitely no ordinary airplane or jet.;39.6214055147059;-104.937399264706
daytime sphere stationary over Denver sky for 20 minutes;2004-09-26 18:15:00;20 minutes;daytime sphere stationary over Denver sky for 20 minutes I went outside to see if I might catch a glimpse of the sphere I've been seeing a lot of recently.  It was a very crisp, clear evening, with just a few high clouds drifting south to north.  After just a few minutes I noticed a bright, starlike object sitting in the sky just to my east, and about 30 degrees south of zenith.  I sensed right away that this was the same or similar object as the one(s) I've reported recently.  Through binocs, it was a steady, white sphere, but to the naked eye it resembled a bright star or planet shining in the blue sky.  Using the overhead wires as a guide, I confirmed the object was stationary, and remained so for 20 full minutes, not wavering at all, while clouds passed either through or behind where the object sat.  The clouds were so thin and wispy it was hard to say.  At about 6.25 my 16-yr old daughter came home and I called her out and she looked at the object through binoculars, and said it just looked like a white ball.  Her 19-year old friend arrived at about 6.30 and also came out and took a look at it through binoculars.  We were discussing how strange it was that it seems whenever I look for this sphere, I see it.  I looked up again after a few seconds of not looking, and it had vanished.  We were all very surprised that it had been shining so brightly and then suddenly disappeared.  The time was 6.35 PM. The only thing I can determine may have led to it vanishing is that the sun may have dipped far enough behind the mountains that, if reflecting light, it very quickly lost its light source.  But we all agreed that it was an inexplicable sighting.  The two other witnesses are willing to make a report, should you wish to interview them. ((ADDENDUM FROM THE WITNESS)) Following is a correction to a report I made Sunday evening.  Instead of the object appearing about 30 degrees south of zenith, it was in fact about 30 degrees EAST of zenith. ((END));39.6214055147059;-104.937399264706
Small, shiney, slow-moving object west south of Denver, CO;2011-08-18 14:30:00;5 minutes;Small, shiney, slow-moving object west south of Denver, CO Near Centential Airport looking to the west, estimated 50 degrees up.  A slow moving silver, shiney, round object.  The object appeared to stay stationary for a minute then slowly move north in an arch, slightly zig zagging, stopping, and the slowly moved north again.  I lost sight of the object when I looked away for a brief moment.  Total time was approximatly 5 minutes. The object appeared to be above the clouds.   The conditions were extremely sunny with few thin clouds.  There was no contrail and it was not moving with the wind (i.e., clouds were moving east while the object moved north or was stationary).  No other aircraft were seen.   Possible high-altitude balloon?  Satellite tracking websites did not indicate a high-altitude object in the area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.6214055147059;-104.937399264706
