Formation of three silent lights traveling in a large perfectly unison traingle as if all apart of one single object;2001-05-13 22:30:00;<1 minute;((NUFORC Note:  We suspect this report describes three satellites, flying in unwavering formation over an extended period of time.  There are other reports for other dates in April and May of this year, and the same, or similare phenomenon has occurred in several past years.   We believe the satellites are launched by the U. S. Navy, and they may be part of the N.O.S.S. satellite system.    We doubt that the phenomenon is caused by a stealth blimp, as the witness suggests.  PD)) Formation of three silent lights traveling in a large perfectly unison traingle as if all apart of one single object Was staring south upward at the sky watching shooting stars + meteors when suddenly I noticed that a perfect triangular formation of three bright seeming stars were moving in unison  southward at a very steady pace like an airplane, only completely silent,  and descending in elevation. Being that I live in a second floor condo and the light formation that was incredibly large (as far as the point to point distance of each of these lights at each corner of the triangle object were) , and very bright, -it quickly disappeared from my balcony view... so I ran downstairs and to the back of my building into open space, but the object had already disappeared in less than a minute from when I had originally spotted it. I've seen satelites before and this was much much too large to be a sattelite of any kind. I also checked to make sure the ISS was not scheduled to make any orbits over the Denver area this eve. Dear Ms. ((deleted)),   Thank you very much for the interesting report! We would like to know what the apparent size of each of the three lights was, relative, for example, to the size of a star, please. Also, are you certain that they were traveling due south, or could the formation have been moving to the southeast, perhaps? Finally, how did the objects disappear from your sighting, please?  Did they go over the horizon and disappear from sight, suddenly, or what??   Thank you very much for sharing the information with our Center!  We think we know what you saw tonight, but the answers to our questions above will help us reach some kind of tentative conclusion. Cordially, Peter Davenport ((RESPONSE)) Dear Mr. Davenport: Thankyou for contacting me. In regards to the question of the triangle form I saw this eve 05/13/01 @ aprox 10:30 pm mtn time. Yes, it did appear to be moving slightly South/eastwardly. Basically what I saw was three points of light in a perfect triangular form. I saw no object within these three points , albeit the perfect unison movement of the lights together and the steady pace they traveled at suggested the three corner lights that formed the perfect triangle were the corners of an object I simply could not see with my naked eye.  Each of these three  lights were no bigger than the star dots one sees with their naked eye when staring up at the night sky, however the vast distance between each point was tremendous, much larger than any sattelite  or space shuttle could be and the brightness of each dot of seeming star light was comparable to the shine reflect of a planet being viewed in the night sky with little more than a pair of binnoculars. The departure from my sight was due as follows: As it moved away in its south eastward direction-  The roof of my balcony blocked my view.. by the time I raced downstairs and made my way to the back of my condo into open space it was already gone. However, please note: That although to my naked eye it appeared to move at a steady pace (much like one sees an airplane in the night sky moving at a steady pace),... It took me aprox only 60 seconds or less to reach that open space in the back of my condo. Now, Considering the apparant largeness of this triangular formation, for it to have disappeared from view altogether or be out of my eyes range in this short period of time, I can only imagine it was in fact traveling at a much greater speed than my eyes originally perceived.  I read some of the reports at the sightings web site about a ?stealth blimp?.. in the shape of an enormous triangle and am currently surfing around the web to see if I can dig up some info on it to see if it perhaps was due to fly over the Denver area this eve...  Albeit, if you have any ideas on what this particular object was.. I do hope you might email me back when you get a chance to let me know. After reading some of the other recent reports filed, apparently others in this area of the west have seen similar triangle point objects as well, that have yet to be explained. Thanks,  ((name deleted)) ((END FIRST RESPONSE)) ((SECOND RESPONSE)) Dear Mr. Davenport: In my follow up web investigation for info about my 5/13/01 unexplained ighting, I learned that according to skunk works at Lockeed, reported in an article by ((author deleted)) @ ((publication deleted)) site:  http:((URL deleted))  What I saw fits the perfect description given for the Stealth Blimp, which apparently has the ability to elude radar and be virtually invisible to the eye in the night sky - so that all one sees are three triangle blips of seeming star light. It is reported that this blimp is also aprox 1,000 feet long!  However, apparently the project is top secret so the public is not allowed to know when it makes its test runs or operations or where. So am betting this is EXACTLY! what I saw tonight..-And- what others have been reporting over the past month or two. If you know of any possible way of obtaining a possible confirmation of this, I'd sure appreciate it if ya'd let me know! :-) Thanks,  ((name deleted));39.6214055147059;-104.937399264706
3 lighted triangle thing disappeared to the dark sky in seconds;2006-12-08 21:45:00;approx. 3-5 sec.;3 lighted triangle thing disappeared to the dark sky in seconds I was dumping trush with the delivery driver just the back of the restaurant.  And we saw these 3 light  that was about 30-40 story building high above us and from there it just, in a matter of seconds, vanished to sky without any sound or noise.  It had 3, kind of dim, lights. It was dark already, so, all we couldn't see the color ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));39.6214055147059;-104.937399264706
For sevral years now i sitt out side late at night to smoak be fore i go to sleep and their will be a big ship triangle shape but the e;2018-07-01 23:00:00;2 years;For several years now, i sitt out side late at night to smoak be fore i go to sleep and their will be a big ship triangle shape but the edges remind me of a boomering on how the corners are a lot of time it shows up its in the clouds trying to trick any one looking up but it moves faster than the clouds so it pops out clearly i always know wen something is around but it has a weird colornot silver not gray it blends in relly well its relly big tho and it gives it away it has the back of the ship like a half 1000 foot or so maby a lot more between the top and bottem it had a little bit darker lie ovals one light like the rest the next a little darker then so on and a bunch of times ill see it or we do and then in the distance you see at least 3 army plains or more following it then over the house it slows down and wen the get kinda a little closer it takes of and just blows them a way its so fast its amasing we normaly dont say any thing to any one about all the stufg we see their is so much more because we don't get in evolved were part native American so we have certain beliefs this giant one being followed by the air force is quite and normally going form East to west;39.6214055147059;-104.937399264706
Very large triangle craft with flashing light sequence periodic lights at 3 points revealed the object and size, discreet;2019-09-02 02:18:00;12 minutes;Very large triangle craft with flashing light sequence periodic lights at 3 points revealed the object and size, discreet The craft was hovering just above the horizon, at first witnessed blinking light to the left, which did not seem out of the ordinary. Heading up Belleview towards Broadway for a good 10 minutes noticed the location of the lights remained unchanged, also noticed several other blinking lights, at points around the bottom left point, lights location did not change but the appearance (color) pattern and visual of lights did change, periodically. Asked my passenger what we were seeing, to confirm that my witness also saw the object. We could not determine what it was we were seeing, but felt scared and compelled to document the incident in 2 photographa that I have also submitted. The triangle craft would periodically show 3 lights at triangular points revealing a HUGE object. After this, it would go back to 1 singular light remaining lit, unblinking at one of the 3 points. Several times, almost in a pattern, there would be a flashing light succession that would travel from the bottom left up to the top middle point, which was terrifying to witness. Honestly, the pictures are not great, I should have taken a video, but was very unsure of its presence and intent. We felt best to continue to our location in case it was a foreign presence/ entity. The entire 15 minutes that my eyes were locked on the object (we were driving towards it for over 10 minutes), the location of the possibly mile wide at base object was unchanged. It was hovering there. I am reporting this now, because I have been notified just before the new year 2020 of other similar sightings of this craft throughout the United States and feel it is of importance that I add my witness statement to account for location, size and time of visual of the craft. The succession of lights and back to black sky of night was breathtaking. Not in a good way, my passenger and I were baffled, curious and scared. The rest of our group of 3 cars all arrived at the home separately- others did not see the craft, took a different route, but we did all arrive to the location as planned within minutes of each other, indicating that no time had been lost during our travel, nor I or my passenger was harmed or abducted while witnessing the crafts presence.  I saw something far too large to be a craft of human engineering.;39.6214055147059;-104.937399264706
