Loud missile noise.  Seemed impossibly localized.;2014-11-09 03:00:00;60 seconds;Loud missile noise.  Seemed impossibly localalized. I heard a mechanical noise so loud and high pitched it accentuated a sort of Doppler effect. Sounded like an incoming missile yet laterally across the sky?   Rushed to door for a visual confirmation to the noise and saw a trail made and continued by an unseen object.   Have documented objects similar to the Star Valley lights without streaking color.  The object was seen In late September of '04 through December of '05.   The object was a stationary star in the sky flickering with a peculiar strobe.  Observed throughout the hours of a late night shift in a very rural area with a spotting scope and small telescope.  IT DID NOT MOVE WITH THE OTHER STARS.   When daybreak came each morning the star was in the same place, where as Orion's Belt had cleared the sky.  When viewed through telescope object had golf ball texture morphing its reflective surface to appear as a distant star. Object appeared to be closer than other stars. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.8407940928268;-106.313196202531
7 foot tall, 'Grey', Casper, Wyoming, paid no attention to me.;2017-10-04 02:30:00;1;7 foot tall, 'Grey', Casper, Wyoming, paid no attention to me. As I was heading east along I-25, at approx 2:30 am, in the middle of nothing.  About 15 minutes east of Casper, WY, I was in the slow lane, there was a truck approaching me to the rear, he was faster than I, as I can only run 67 mph in a 80 mph.  I was on the phone with my co-worker in South Dakota.  I was talking through my stereo and just took a sip of my Pepsi and as I was looking up from setting it in my cup holder, I saw a, what looked like/resembled a human, standing either on the road in between the yellow line and the edge of pavement, or just standing off of it by the snow reflectors.  It was all the way to the left of the left lane traveling east bound.   As I looked up from my cup holder, I see something, looked as to it was standing straight up from bending at the waist, was facing  at a 45 drgree angle to me.  It was looking SE, I saw the back and then the right side as I passed.  When it was almost straight up, its left arm shot up and stayed up, a lot quicker than it stood up.  It was not fazed, that I sped by, like deer and antelope are, just kinda looking somewhere, doing something.  It was all grey, flat, medium, dull grey.  I thought about ppl on stilts, Halloween, etc. .  Didn't see the hands to much, but the fist or whatever that shot to the sky looked big and clumpy.   What I described to my co-worker on the phone as, was a really tall Statue of Liberty.  Saw the left hand/arm, looked like was holding something, but clumpy and blurry from my speed.  I got the worst hair raising chills ever, in my life.  They were pulsing and in waves with every hair on my body standing up for about ten  minutes.  And that's just not me,  I prey for zombies, but this scared the crap out of me.  As I was approaching the first turnaround, I told him I was going to take it.  He talked me out of it, and past the next 2 turnarounds.  The truck that was fast approaching me from the rear, over the next hill I saw that he was about 3-4 miles behind me i! nstead of 1.  He musta slowed down, these trucks take for ever to stop. When I got back to my baker dock that morning, I stood next to my drivers door.  I'm 5'10 and the bottom of my semi's window is over 6'.  I saw the 'Grey' then, and to see his shoulders and head as I passed, taken in corporate for height and distance, ten feet to left of my truck, it had to be 7' + tall.  It looked like the Liberty Tax ppl that stand outside of the shop on tax season with their arm in the air.  With the foam hat and all waving their sign. Again, this all happened in a matter of seconds.  I got talked out of turning around, as per company, we are only 'allowed' to carry knives.  But if it was a split second sooner, I coulde of stuffed my brakes and recorded the previous 11 seconds to the following 11 seconds and had it recorded.  I did not see any overturned cars in the median or off to any side, that night or the following nights, as this is my current nightly route.  There is quite a few more dead animals than normal with in maybe 2 miles both ways on the eastbound lanes than normal, but it is hi tins session.;42.8407940928268;-106.313196202531
