Lights moving in a circular motion, but hovering without any SOUND!;1984-11-15 18:00:00;4 minutes;Lights moving in a circular motion, but hovering without any SOUND! I have one living witness besides myself that can verify this account- my Step-Dad Wayne. I have told few people this story, and truthfully- it isn't for any other reason than, 'they just wouldn't BELIEVE me! But here is what happen… We were hunting outside the town of Jasper , Fl on some leased land for a private hunting club. There were only 3 of us at the end of the day, and we were responsible for locking-up the main-gate to the entrance. The main road entrance runs perpendicular across a power-line with 200 yds wide of clearnce- very clear night, no obstructions of view, etc...  As I sat there listening to my Step-Dad and his Friend talk, I noticed a 3 light configuration moving in a circular pattern- but remaining in the same altitude -not moving up or down or side to side -just hovering... (cannot remember EXACT colors now) but it startled me enough to point it out to Wayne. This OBJECT was so close that I knew it should be making some sort of sound.!  And as a 16 year old kid, (at the time- 44 now) I realized  that Wayne and his friend were as curious and unsure of WHAT IT WAS as I was. In fact, enough that I begin to back up quit scared - to be honest! As I stepped backward toward the truck- intently watching this thing- it vanished.  It was at that moment I remember hearing Wayne and his friennd say, Why didn't it make any sound? And I looked to my right, at the same exact angle, but to the right-side this time, there it was AGAIN! Not making any sound, but visible lights rotating... I got so scared that I got into the truck and begged Wayne to get in also, and let's go!  It disappeared finally, and we left rather starteld. It must of lasted about 3-4 minutes total, and 'the thing that scared me the most' (my Dad was a U.S.A.F. Captian/Pilot- I had seen many AIR-SHOWS, etc...) that this THING MADE NO SOUND AT ALL...NONE! It was the only time I saw anything that resembled a U.F.O., and after finding this WEB SITE- I f! igured you all could use all the 'TRUE AND ACCURATE SIGHTINGS'! that co me forward. I never reported this until today, and my Step-Dad, Wayne, is still alive, and could verify this account. Hope this helps in some way! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));30.5064;-82.9307
