Bright Pulsating/Shape-Changing Object.;2020-05-15 21:30:00;1 minute;Bright Pulsating/Shape-Changing Object My husband and I walked out of our home and began walking together eastward towards our neighbor’s home. We approached their house and went around back to their deck.  As we stood on their deck talking, we were facing their home (south). Approximately 10 minutes after our arrival, we saw this extremely bright, pulsating object appear over their roofline moving west to east/northeast at a somewhat steady pace from what we could tell. It was about the size of a golf ball held at arm’s length. When my husband first set eyes on it, he saw it as a spinning sphere-shaped object. When I looked at it initially, it was an odd shape – like a rectangle with a circle at one end. It was not a Chinese lantern, satellite, or anything else familiar to us. It was difficult to tell how far away or above us it was. As we faced south, it appeared to the southwest at a 40-degree angle from us. We did not see any lights on it that would indicate it was an aircraft (red, green, or strobe lights), and it was silent. It was sphere-shaped, bright white with other purple-blue flashes of color and appeared to be pulsing and spinning. It was difficult to focus on with! your eyes to see any distinguishing features.  Our friend tried opening a Stargazer app on her phone to see if it showed as a satellite, and had trouble getting her phone to cooperate. While that was going on, which was maybe 3-5 seconds, I looked back towards the sphere/light and noticed the object changed altitude somehow when it was about 90-degrees in front of us. It was now about the size of a dime held at arm’s length and about to pass behind a tree in the next neighbor’s yard. My husband had been trying to video the object when it was closer but the camera app crashed and he had to reopen the app and try again. He jumped up onto the deck bench to have a higher perspective and was able to begin the video recording after it passed behind the tree. The object was now to our left (southeast) at a 20-degree angle from us and at a much higher altitude.  The sighting lasted a total of about a minute before it disappeared to the east-northeast at an 80 to 90-degree angle from our position.  After zooming in on his video later, and watching it frame by frame, it was morphing between shapes and colors mentioned above. He took screenshots from the zoomed-in video, and took a screen recording of the original video zoomed-in on his iPhone.  My husband is an engineer, has an FAA Airframe & Powerplant license, and is an amateur drone pilot. I work in accounting and was once a private pilot.;41.5335;-87.8931000000001
