I left home in Macclenny Fla and drove north on rt. 23/121 into Georgia around 2am I came to a crossroads just out side of Folkston Ga.;1973-06-01 02:00:00;3-4 houres;I left home in Macclenny Fla and drove north on rt. 23/121 into Georgia around 2am I came to a crossroads just out side of Folkston Ga. It had been raining and was extreamly dark. At that time I was still on time, when I came to the cross-roads I took the same turn I always took on to rt. 252 going towards Brunswick Ga. I drove this route many times on my way to Kingsport NJ. to make deliveries. I was driving a tracktor trailer and was loaded with shower bases. As I drove up rt. 252 something seemed to change, things got really quite. The night seemed to become still and black my head lights were not going out as far as they normally did, I couldn't see very far in frount of me, and the amount of distance I could see seemed not to change.All of a sudden I came up to a singe in the road, it was the same one I had turned at about a half houre earlier. I thought that it might of been a differant cross-road, so I took rt.252 again, and drove for another half houre or so then I came to the cross-roads again. Then I figured that someone might of changed the signes, but I knew that I turned the right way, but that direction wasn't doing any good kept comming back to the same cross-roads.I stoped and looked at my map and picked a differant route to Brunswick,I desided to take rt.40 to Kingsland then take 17 up to Brunswick, I turned on to Rt. 40 and headed east on 40 for about half an houre and came back to the same cross-roads. It seemed strange that I hadn't met any other trucks or cars in all this time, I didn't know what to think, at first I was worried that I wouldn't make my drop in time, now I was worried that I wouldn't be able to go any whear and that I might be stuck in some kind of time warp or something weard like that. I tried the other routs from the Cross-roads and they all lead to the same place, the cross-roads. I really don't know how long I was in this loop but I was scared. I stoped the truck and got out , it was really strange because I could bearly hear the engin running on! the truck. It was as if it was muffled, and all around the truck was lit up it didn't seem like it came from a light the area around the truck was light enough to see the asphalt and the texture, but I could only see to a distance of about 20 feet then it was as if there was a wall of darkness out side, and it felt threatning. I was scared enough to kneel down on the road and pray that god would get me out of there. The tears were running down my cheeks as I prayed. Then I just got in the truck and started to drive this time things started to change my lights started to light up more and I could start making out things that I could remember.I headed up 252 and got into Brunswick pulled into the truck stop, and knew I was running late, as I walked in the waitress said hello as if nothing was wrong, I looked at the clock and it said 300 oclock right on time I wasn't behind at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));30.8518;-82.0074
