Its zig-zag movements in the sky were like nothing I have ever seen before!!  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Arcturus??  PD));2009-08-13 23:40:00;30 minutes +;Its zig-zag movements in the sky were like nothing I have ever seen before!! Around 23:40,  on 8/13/2009, I was looking out of my window at the sky before going to bed. I have always enjoyed looking at the night sky after turning out the lights, before getting in the bed. I noticed an object beyond our tree line in the western sky that was showing different colors. At first I thought it was an airplane, but noticed it was in the same area and not moving across the sky. I was intrigued by the changing color scheme- red,blue,white,green coming from the object. All of a sudden the object zig-zagged downward, then a sharp turn to my left and then back up where it originated. I was amazed and realized this was not a helicopter as I had thought a few seconds before. 	I immediately awakened my husband and excitedly told him to look in the sky and see if he was seeing what I was seeing.  As we stood there watching the object, it would repeat the pattern I had seen previously, and would also move from left to right and then right to left in a! matter of seconds.  He was amazed also and said he could not figure out what it was.  I then said we were looking at a ufo. Since it was hovering in the sky about 5 – 10 miles away, we decided to go about a mile down the road where there is open land and observe the object. As we sat there watching, we noticed over a period of 30 minutes, 3 other aircraft moving across the sky and I pointed out to my husband the difference between those aircraft and the object we were observing. The object started moving to our right slowly and was descending slightly as it was moving.  We noticed the lights were only white then. From the pattern of the moving lights before when it was somewhat stationary, we concluded the object was circular in shape. Whenever the object stopped and moved in a zig-zag pattern, I noticed what look like exhaust coming from it. It was hard to tell because it was, we concluded around 5-10 miles away from us. Around 12:10 am, we noticed the object was starting to slowly move away from our area and we went home. 	My husband is a self-employed plumber/electrician and I am a pharmacist. He is 55 years old and I am 50 years old. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.9695;-76.7665
