Large glowing spere like object appears vanishes and appears as a strange bar shaped object with two lights then vanishes.;2011-08-01 00:45:00;5 mins;Large glowing spere like object appears vanishes and appears as a strange bar shaped object with two lights then vanishes. Last night, August 1, 2011 at about quarter of 1 AM, as I was pointing out the constellations to a friend's younger brothers, I noticed a very strange object appear in the sky to the left of Mars in the west.  It was a fiery orange/yellow globe hovering in the sky. At first I had thought that perhaps it was a plane, because it had just suddenly appeared.  Then I thought it could not be a plane, because the object was stationary for a minute or so and it was huge.  Big enough that when I pointed it out to the boys they thought it was the moon!  We watched it and I noticed it did not change size or shape, as I would have seen or expected from other planes in the sky. Typically the lights grow smaller or larger as it comes closer or further away.  This was very different. It stayed hovering in the sky fixed in that one spot.  The boys were looking for an explanation as to what it could be, I had none. Then after a few moments of staring at the object it suddenly vanished, then reappeared further away in the same area.  It was smaller and still glowing in the distance.  Seconds later it vanished again and instantly reappeared moving to the right. I was stunned and the boys were frightened.  It then appeared as two lights in what seemed like a strange bar like object with curved edges still moving to the right.  It vanished from sight as it passed behind the trees in the distance.  I kept looking to the other side of the trees expecting to see it appear on the other side again trying to reason that it was a plane.  We watched for what seemed like forever.  It never returned.  I have yet to figure out what it could have been.  It was scary to say the least. The object was so bright and so large I expected to see it in the news this morning.  I have yet to find anything on the matter.  I found it so strange I was compelled to report to some one and found this sight.  I hope perhaps this can provide me with an explanation as to what that object could have been.;42.7046786516853;-71.1633505617977
