In May 1982, I had a close up day light sightinh of a huge classic saucer shaped UFO. Neighbors also saw it. I reported it to the polic;1982-05-01 20:00:00;15 minutes;In May 1982, I had a close up day light sightinh of a huge classic saucer shaped UFO.  Neighbors also saw it. I reported it to the police, but nothing cam of that.  After all these years I decided I want to let the sighting be known for whatever good it might do in the search for the truth.  I was living on Normandy Drive, Pisactaay, N.J., at the time.  It was 8pm and at that time of year the sun is low in the western sky, but the sky is still bright and clear.  I usually went out back at this time to watch the sunset.  My yard ended at railroad tracks and power lines that went east to west.  Across a field on the opposite side I had a clear view of the distant Watchung Mountains in the northwest direction from my yard.  It was a cloudless clear sky.  I was facing due west.  The sun had just gone behind the mountains so it did not obstruct my vision.   After a while I noticed a small oblect in the sky coming from the west to east, not far from and paralleling the power lines.  It was coming directly towards me.  I thought nothing of it at first.  As it got closer I noticed it had an odd shape.  At first I thought it was a hot air baloon.  But, as it came closer and grew larger, I could see that it was in the classic shape of a flying saucer.  It came almost directly  overhead and it had to be at least 100 ft. in diameter or larger.  When it was nearly overhead, aboout 350 yards at its closest point to me, it made a 90 degree turn and went north gaining in altitude as it went.   I ran to get my neighbors.  Four of them came out and saw the saucer, but only after it had gained some altitude and distance so they did not see it nearly as close up as I did.  They were none the less amazed at what they saw because even when they saw it, it was plain to see that it was no known conventional aircraft.  There was a small local airport not too far away and my house was under major flyways for the N.Y. and Newark City area airports.  Usually at any given time you can go out and look up and see various normal aircraft or j! et trail s in the sky.  On this occasion, the sky was oddly empty except for one small private plane coming from from the direction (west) of the local small airport.  The small plane came to a distance of about half way between me and the departing UFO.  Even at these distances the UFO could be seen to be well over twice the size of the plane.  The plane looked like it was a two or four seater.  The plane suddenly made a 180 degree curved turn about and flew back in the direction of the airport.  I thought that was a strange maneuver.   We watched the UFO until it faded from sight into the distance.  At no time did we hear any noticable sounds at all coming from the UFO.  I told other neighbors later on, naturally, they thought I was crazy.  My neighbors who saw the flying saucer with me would not talk to any one but me about it.  To this day I regret that I didn't get any photos of the UFO, for that would have made it easier for meto tell this story, if I had photos to show as back up.  But that doesn't mean others in the general area didn't see the UFO as well.  So, someone may have photos of the incident after all.  I owuld like to know if anyone else has reported this sighting in May 1982. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.5509493150688;-74.4604029109581
Air Force trailed UFO in Piscataway NJ 1982.;1982-05-11 20:00:00;5 mintues;Air Force trailed UFO in Piscataway NJ 1982. In the Spring of 1982 My friends and I were playing ball near Division Ave. in Piscataway NJ. While playing we noticed low flying Air Force planes in the area. Since my brother was in the Air Force I could tell by the markings on the wings, and that's truely how low they were flying. A few minutes later one of my friends and I walked a block down the street to my house. As we were hanging at the end of my driveway we watched several bright lights coming toward us from the sky heading from the Watchung Mountains. It appeared that the Jets were passing by again.  As they got closer and over head we realized they had surrounded a large round saucer like craft. The only way I can describe it is as a big metalic waffle iron. The bottom was glowing orange with blue sparks or flashes here and there.  We both just stood there amazed and speechless.  If the craft made any noise we could not hear it over the planes.  All the craft passed over us and flew off above the tree line and out of site.  I have tried to find others who may have seen this but have had no luck until now.   If the other Piscataway NJ sighter reads this, you are not alone, I saw it too and so did the airforce.;40.5509493150688;-74.4604029109581
Fast moving flying craft seen on clear day in sky;2017-08-01 16:40:00;1 minute;Fast moving flying craft seen on clear day in sky. I was driving home from work on a local road near old Camp Kilmer in Edison, when I noticed a fast moving object high in the sky.  The time was approximately 5:40 p.m., the weather was sunny and the sky had large, fluffy clouds.  The object moved very fast, looked disk shaped with a dome, and was a bright, white metallic color.  The speed and movement didn't seem like a plane.  It flew very smooth and faster than any plane I've seen.  I did not see any aircraft wings or blades like on a helicopter.  I continued watching it fly northeast for about a minute, while still trying to pay attention to the road.  I couldn't stop looking at it as it just seemed so strange and fascinated me. I wanted to try to take a picture but could not safely pull to side of road. Incident happened quickly and not enough time to get phone and take photo.;40.5509493150688;-74.4604029109581
