Middlesex NJ 8-10mins 2 3D objects turned into one white circle with a hole in the middle;2016-08-28 12:16:00;8 minutes;Middlesex NJ 8-10mins 2 3D objects turned into one white circle with a hole in the middle I was sitting outside on on the phone, on the front steps and I noticed 2 rotating objects. They looked like a football on its side.  If I could describe it, I would say it looked as if they were showing each other their moves or just taking turns. My first impression was that the sunlight was reflecting off this thing as to why I looked up. So as I was on the phone, I started to look where the sun was located. The sun was located over my right shoulder and house. However it wasn't a constant reflection. It seemed as if it was rotating sideways and every time it rotated, it would reflect or flash. I cut my conversation short with my Dad and told him that I needed to record something that was happening right before my eyes. They looked like 3D objects. As I am making sure my eyes were not deceiving me and that something that I really can't explain was occurring.  Due to the fact that this happened about 6 yrs ago, same place, I wasn't prepared at t! hat time because it was hard for me to record through my phone.  Those objects were white and it looked like a box with a circle on top but it was connected.  Those objects stayed on a smooth path across the sky, very low. My wife and daughter saw it with me.  So this time I wanted to make sure.  Once I figured out what I was seeing was real and unexplainable, I ran inside and told my wife.  She was in the bathroom and we started watching the objects from the bathroom window.  I then said, I have to record this! I then went back on my steps and thats where my footage starts. We were just watching what these 2 things were doing and I was making sure to point out every movement to her to make sure we were on the same page.  There were 2 objects kind of like floating and rotating kind of slow emulating each others movement to the best of ability to describe it.  Everytime it looked as if it made a full rotation, it was either reflecting the sun rays or flashing.  All of sudden, one of the objects just floated up and disappeared, leaving the other one looking like a transparent circle, or sphere with a hole in the middle of it. As I am recording, you can see it move, blink, flash, disappear, reaapear.  At one point, a plane flew in view of the recording very close to this object.  It looked as if the object took cover or hid in a jetstream that they were flying around.  As soon as the plane passes by, the object went into the clouds and stopped blinking.  After that, the object just stayed in that area and after awhile, it vanished within the cloud. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.5509493150688;-74.4604029109581
