very fast light zipping in the sky and then a uknown aircraft appeared very low to the ground.;2007-04-29 23:00:00;15 minutes;very fast light zipping in the sky and then a uknown aircraft appeared very low to the ground. Me and 3 of my friends were hanging out in my backyard looking at the stars when one of my friends points to an aircraft.  He said that the plane should be blinking because the light it had was solid.  Looking at the aircraft, I noticed that it resembled one of those planes from star wars. A circular body with to rods parallel to each other on each side of the body. We joked about it and didn't pay attention to it as it could have been some unknown plane.  I felt that this was one of the three things I saw.  The second sighting had me baffled.  In the very far distance we saw a light, very similar to that of a star and it was moving.  We all acknowledged it and after a few seconds the light started to go very very fast to the right, then down for a short distance, move right again, down a short distance and then right one more time.  It looked like 2 steps of stairs.  Anyways, the light stopped moving and just stood there.  I was very confused and scared because I was trying to find a legitimate explanation.  I was wondering if the military had a new and very quick airplane.  While my friends and I were talking excitedly, the light seemed to have vanished.  Or maybe it just flew behind some clouds.  The third sighting was odd.  I am not too sure if it was UFO but considering the strange things that we saw that night I felt I should include it here as well.  After a few minutes of the star, in the same vicinity but just lower, we noticed a bright light illuminating the sky.  At first we thought it were fire crackers because it lit that area of the sky quite well.  Then we saw a very very bright light starting to come up but then it froze in mid air.  We had a very poor position for this because my neighbor's tree was in the way but the light made it very easy to see.  We all saw this bright yellow (almost white) light through the trees branches and leaves. Then that bright light started to move up and the next thing we know, we see this aircraft to our right very low to the ground making a loud noise. It was like humming and it was very loud.  It was moving quite slow.  It first appeared from the left (where the bright light was) and then proceeded to go right.  Since it was low to the ground, we all saw it crystal clear.  Their were numerous lights on the bottom of it.  All yellowish white in color and very bight.  The outline of the aircraft was triangular and the lights were like this... Two small circles on top of each other and two cigar like lights parallel to each other and in between were those two circles. Again, it was low to the ground and the humming sound was very audible.  I suppose the first sighting was nothing.  And I suppose the third sighting could have been a military aircraft.  But what about the second sighting? what kind of aircraft can move as fast as I described and come to a complete halt?  I thought of getting a camera but I was just mesmerized and stunned by what I witnessed.  I'll try to get some pictures next time, if there is a next time.;40.5509493150688;-74.4604029109581
