Oval shaped metal object seen following a wide-body aircraft and then disappearing with it at the same moment.;2014-03-18 10:10:00;20 seconds;Oval shaped metal object seen following a wide-body aircraft and then disappearing with it at the same moment I had just arrived in the parking lot of a corporate building where I go to school every day.  I was finishing a cigarette before exiting the car, when I looked out my window--driver's side--I saw an airplane at what seemed like a great altitude, and trailing behind it at a short distance was an oval-shaped object.  When I scaled it down to a drawing--since I missed the photo/video opportunity--they were about 1 inch or 1 & 1/2 inches apart.  I'm not sure how far apart that would mean they were actually in the sky.   They were traveling at the same speed.  The oval object was most definitely shiny and silver metallic.  I could tell that the airplane was a solid-white, white-body aircraft.   I saw no logos or other coloration that could indicate what airline this plane was.  Being that I live in NJ which has a few major airports nearby,  I see planes taking off and landing and flying at all kinds of various altitudes.  Often times when they are low enough (probably mid-descent) I can look up and see what airline it is based off the colors or any logos I'm able to see.  Anyway, the airplane flew with the unidentified oval object for about 20 seconds, until they both disappeared behind the same tiny cloud.   It was a mostly clear day with only a few tiny clouds in the sky surrounding the area in which I saw this occur.  I had actually during this time seen them go behind a cloud together and was able to watch them come out the other side...Until they disappeared behind one of them, so I got out of my car and looked around to try and relocate the objects, which I think given the lack of any serious cloud cover, i should have been able to do.   My only explanation for this is that when they went behind the cloud they maybe might have made a hard turn to their right and away from me (they were traveling horizontally across my view from right to left.  I wrote down the latitude and longitude and the degrees north & north/northwest that I began to view the object and when I lost it.   If anyone else has seen! this I will be willing to release that information to them in order to coordinate  and create a clearer picture and maybe figure out what it was.  I was very, very shaken by what I saw especially in the midst of the Flight 370 drama.   I did not sleep that night and therefore was unable to go to my classes the next day.  In the research I've done since this occurred, other than it being an extraterrestrial, I have eliminated aeromagnetic surveying as what it was through images and descriptions (and the fact that it's done with smaller aircraft and the object that does the surveying is actually physically attached to the plane... and not an oval.   The only earthly explanation I can come up with is that this was an unmanned stealth drone in the skies above a very densely populated, urban area.  Frankly, this idea terrifies me much more than aliens.  In my heart, I kind of doubt this. because the edges seemed rather clear to me, that it was an oval about the same girth as the airplane it followed.;40.5509493150688;-74.4604029109581
Bright reddish/orange craft, looked like it was coming right at me & my husband.;2014-08-23 23:00:00;5 minutes;Bright reddish/orange craft,  looked like it was coming right at me & my husband I always put my dogs out at 11:00 and each time I go outside I'm always looking up in the sky to see if I can see a UFO.   I am very interested in it and I always wanted to see something and I know I finally did.   My husband was with me who isn't really interested in it, but he noticed it at the same time I did.   We saw 1 object, very bright reddish/orange, oval shape.  It was hovering back & forth then down and finally went up and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.5509493150688;-74.4604029109581
