Hello. I am a 37 year old female. I have seen UFO’s two times in my life. The first time I saw a UFO I was around 1978 or 1979. I was a;1978-06-30 22:00:00;5 minutes;Hello. I am a 37 year old female. I have seen UFO’s two times in my life.   The first time I saw a UFO I was around 1978 or 1979. I was around age 7 to 10 years old. I honestly don’t remember what year exactly because I have some memory loss.  I was in Piscataway, N.J. at my grandmother’s house.  We were all together. It was my Grandmother, her boyfriend, and my aunt who was just a couple of years older than me when this incident first occurred.  My Grandmother lived on Stelton Road in Piscataway and there were lots of woody fields and a huge farm with lots of acres in her backyard.  As we sat at her dining room table, outside the dining room window, we saw a bright light up in the sky. The light got closer and closer.  It looked like it was landing in the back of her house in the yard.   We jumped up from the table and were all very afraid because the light became so bright that the whole house was illuminated.  I remember us all running into the back bedrooms and the last thing I saw was a shadow of a cowboy hat (that’s what I remember it looking like) at the bedroom window.  The next day when I woke up, I had tiny holes in my t-shirt. I don’t remember us talking about the incident the next day.   My Grandmother and her boyfriend have since passed (in the 90’s) but my aunt and I have spoken about the incident. We don’t know what occurred that night. We just know we saw a very massive unidentified flying object that appeared to land in the backyard that night. My aunt also remembers the tiny holes that were on my t-shirt in the morning we all awoke. We laugh about it because we just can’t explain it but we know it happened.  The second time I saw a saucer-like object in the sky while I was driving down the highway by myself. It was like a shiny glare in the sky and it moved smoothly and super fast. Then it disappeared.  A third time, I was with my cousin. I was driving down Easton Avenue in Somerset, NJ and she was a passenger. We both looked up and saw the same saucer-like object way up in the sky. I said, “Look, it looks like it’s following us!” My cousin and I were hung-over from partying the night before but we knew we were not seeing things. I told here no one will believe us but I told her that I’ve seen this flying shiny thing before and I knew we were seeing a UFO. She thought the same thing.  My son was visited by some type of alien/entity back in 2001. He said the little boy-like “thing” was walking around his play pen. My son said his eyes looked red and he frightened my son. When my son got out of his bed and ran into my room to me. I quickly woke up and shouted, “Leave him alone!”  I actually saw the little boy-like “thing” behind my son. As I sat up in the bed, the “thing” ran through my son and me and it just disappeared. It was so weird yet it happened. My son still talks about that incident from time to time. We know there our “others” with us. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.5509493150688;-74.4604029109581
A buzzing sound interupted my piano/singing 1/2 lit light green slats, white & red lights on other side, 20-30 ft up & from my house.;2005-04-21 22:50:00;2-4 minutes;A buzzing sound interupted my piano/singing 1/2 lit light green slats, white & red lights on other side, 20-30 ft up & from my house. I was singing and working at my piano on some songs I've written for about an hour, and heard a loud buzzing sound. I stopped to listen if it was the sump pump. It was coming from my right so I looked to the right and out the window right next to my house but on the other side of the tree next to my driveway was a large craft, 1/2 was lit in what seemed light green lighted slats, and the rest of it had red and white lights flashing on and off, I think some of the white may have stayed on.  The green lighted part was the front or the direction it was moving. I couldn't make out the shape of the entire thing because it was so dark outside. I ran upstairs to call the police on my cell phone but looking out upstairs at it, as it kept moving slowly away, I started shaking so badly I couldn't function to call the police, couldn't remember where the phone # was.   I finally called 411 for the police in Green Brook as it seemed to be going in that direction.  The officer laughed at me sarcastically and suggested it may be an advertising gimmick.   This is the 5th siting for me since I was 13 (I'm 55 yrs old now) and the closest ever.  I am very uncomfortable about this as I had earlier left a cell phone message for my brother wishing him a belated happy birthday and ended with Well, I haven't seen any UFO's lately.   I got a horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach right after I said that.  I knew I would see one again but did not expect it so soon or so close to me.  It may have been about 20-40 feet away from me and about 25-30 feet high.  I could tell it was flying behind and away from my tree as I saw the branches in the light of the craft as it moved.   The green was a beautiful color, but appeared like they were slats laying or placed next to each other at an angle that suggested it to be a wide oval but the rest of it was not visible to determine that.  I would guess it was the size of a small airplane, and a blimp shape.   I do not look forward to another siting but know this will occur.  They are getting closer each time.  My sister called me after I told her about it that she heard on the news that there are meteor showers and we may see green lights.   This was NO meteor shower.  This was a vessel, deliberate in its movement low across the sky right next to and perhaps when the buzzing started, right over my house.   Once I reported it to the police in GB it disappeared either from view or the lights just went out.  I could not tell.  I intend to buy a good digital camera to keep on me at all times. Since I may not always be able to put my glasses on, I am even considering laser surgery on my eyes for distance. I want to be able to show proof.   I will try to submit a map and drawings (of the bright orange oval craft I saw 10-14-04 as well).;40.5509493150688;-74.4604029109581
Object seen over Interstate 287 in Piscataway NJ;2010-09-16 04:00:00;8m;Object seen over Interstate 287 in Piscataway NJ On 09/16/2010 at 4am I was responding to a page from work when I looked out of my hotel room window from the 5th Floor at the Radisson Hotel in Piscataway and noticed a brilliant white-lightish-orange light suspended approximately 1000 feet over the highway (287) that runs just along the hotel.  My distance to object was 1000 feet horizontal and 100 feet vertical based on nearby billboards I used for reference.  The light was stationary at first.  It appeared like an orange sodium vapor light if viewed at much closer range, about the size of a quarter held at arms' length. I come from a family of pilots, and had an 8 year-long job in a family-business involving lighter than air aircraft.  Based on prior experience, I was surprised that I could not hear helicopter sounds from the direction of what I was seeing.  I assumed this was State Police or a Lifeflight directed toward I287, so I kept watching to see what was going on.  I could hear the airflow coming from the cars on the highway.  Otherwise, there was complete silence.  About three minutes into the viewing, the object shifted to the right side by 50 feet from my perspective.  Again, I was surprised because the precision of the movement, without wobbling or wavering as is usual with hovering helicopters, was unusual.  There was still no sound. Intrigued, I kept watching for another 5m.  After 5m (now it was 04:08), the object began a slow arc over the highway and moved soundlessly deeper into Piscataway and out of my view.  It took 2m to complete its travel outsaide of my sight.  About 20m later, I noticed a helicopter occupy the same spot and follow roughly the same trajectory.  However, this time it was clear that this object was a civilian helicopter because I could see its navigation and collision lights clearly.  I also saw a passenger jet aircraft during the same time at a higher altitude, with its collision and navigation lights as well. I could not get a firm grasp of the shape of the original object.  Its lights did not illuminate it well enough.  It seemed to be the size of an MH-53, which is on the larger side of helicopters and is the size of a small bus. I took about 30 pictures of the object and the follow-on helicopter with my iPhone 3G. Light Details:  Front of object: steady forward directed white-orange-lightish light, similar to an orange sodium vapor streetlight Back of object: three lights red, green, white Pattern: in back, two white pulses (either side of a boom or fuselage I could not see) followed by a red pulse underneath Time observed: 4am - 408am 9/16/2010;40.5509493150688;-74.4604029109581
Glowing orange light in the night sky.;2013-09-07 23:30:00;3 minutes;Glowing orange light in the night sky I had just parked my car returning home, when I exited the vehicle and turned around when this orange light (it looked like it was glowing) in the sky immediately caught my attention. I pointed it out to my friend (There was only one that we saw) and we continued to look at it up in the sky.  There was no blinking lights at all, nor could I tell what the shape was, it was just a glowing orange light.  My friend said he saw it change the color to a little bit of purple, I did not see this.  About 15-20 seconds after I spotted it, it was becoming dimmer, then disappeared (there were no clouds in the sky).  About 10 seconds after it disappeared we saw the light again as it was becoming brighter as it traveled across the sky.  As this was happening, there was another person across the street looking up in the sky, watching the exact same thing we were.  This object then began to get dimmer, till it finally disappeared and we never saw it again.  I have never seen this ! before living here 25 years of my life. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.5509493150688;-74.4604029109581
