I SAW a saucer shaped space craft come right over the top of my house within throwing distance!;1981-05-20 23:00:00;10 minutes;I SAW a saucer shaped space craft come right over the top of my house within throwing distance! I was at home alone when I heard a loud noise. I opened my back door and saw a saucer shaped object coming toward my house. I was terrified. I watched for a while as it came closer. It was within a short diatance from my house. The lights seemed mostly out and it was hovering moving slowly. I called my husband who was in a meeting and he told me not to be so loud they could hear me. I said I didn't care. He said he would be home in a minute and I said I won't be here. I have never been so scared. I looked out one more time and it was coming directly over my house. I could have taken a broom and thrown it and hit the craft. I shut the door and never opened it again that night. I was too scared. I remember it vividly! It was disk shaped, dark (black) in color. You could hear the engines or noise from the craft inside my house with the doors shut. In fact, my husband could hear it over the phone when I called him!  I am a retired teacher of 35 years.  I retired last year 2007. I still do the After School Program at my school.  I started teaching at 20 and retired at 55.  I am married, not to the same man I talked to the night of 1981.  I have one child who is attending college.  I am very involved in church. As far as I know, I never talked to any one at the time.  I don't know why?  I was having some personal problems.  I guess I thought people would think I was crazy, but I know what I saw.  It was right in front of my eyes not far up in the sky!  My husband now wanted to ride by where this happened and he noted that behind the house accross the street was an open field.  I had never thought of that. It is still an open field.  He thought it might have needed to land and that was what it was doing?????  I don't know but there is one thing I am positve of and that is I saw a space craft close up! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));35.8386;-88.9074
