one incredibly large, silent  luminous vessel hovering like a large shallow soup bowl inverted over another of the same size and shapec;1972-06-15 22:00:00;15 min.?;one incredibly large, silent  luminous vessel hovering like a large shallow soup bowl inverted over another of the same size and shapec It was a warm evening--spring or fall.  The fog was so heavy as I traveled the gravel road from town to our country home that I had to open the window and drive using the ditch to my left as my guide.  I drove this road for five miles beside the river then I made a 90-degree turn to the left, away from the river, but still with heavy fog.  A minute or so later I turned right into our lane and drove to the end of it, making nearly a 90-degree turn to the left, away from the corn field that was on my right. As I had driven the long stretch of the lane, on my left were railroad tracks, a narrow corn field, and then a ridge. The distance to the ridge was maybe a football field's length. I parked the car, got out, and started toward the house.  Something caught my attention.  I looked toward the lane I had just traveled and saw a luminous object hovering above the field.  It was maybe 50 yards from me.  Because nothing was near it, I have only a guess as to how big it really was and how high it was from the ground.  I think it was as big as a football field and 30 to 40 feet above the ground.  I heard no sound.  There was not even a breeze.  But the fog had cleared. What amazed me the most was that there was no sign of motion.  It appeared to be glowing metal.  It's shape was of a shallow, large soup bowl inverted over another large soup bowl the same size and shape, joined by a strip of the same substance such that it was perpendicular to the rims of the two bowls.  This joining strip had what appeared to be rectangular windows in it.  I don't remember whether they were horizontal or vertical.  I do remember that their shape was distinct--no blurring.  I wondered whether these really were windows and someone was looking at me as I looked at the UFO or whether these were energy sites.  They did have a different glow from the UFO, as though a light were behind them.  Nowhere could I see any opening or any notable feature.  As I stood riveted, it suddenly both rose and sped away to my right-! -at about a 45 degree angle to the field. It's disappearance took only a fraction of a second. Because I had no kind of drug in my system nor was I tired, I believe what I saw was real.  I went back the next day to see whether the ground below it showed any signs of heat or of radiation burns.  Nothing looked unusual.  I want to add that the area where I saw it was a path for low-flight jet maneuvers over the river, from a ridge on one side to a ridge on the other.  These jets were from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We will invite the witness to submit an illustration of the object, which we may post.  PD));39.5382;-81.5204
