unexplained craft;1993-07-05 20:00:00;5 or 6 minutes;unexplained craft The craft my stepmother and I saw was huge and it had 4 lights on the bottom of it, about 50 ft tall and 50 -70 feet across. We had just left dairy queen and on our way home we were passing what was an empty field at the time,and about 60 yards away and 20 feet up in the air we saw this shiny object shaped like a giant toaster. I told my stepmother to flash her headlights at it and after she did it began moving away slowly with a low hum that you could barely here. All of these years I never stopped thinking about it and figured it could have been a military project from SAC (strategic air command) airforce base in Bellevue, NE, because that was the way it traveled after we flashed our lights at it. But I also wondered why it would have gone to such a residential area when there were so many more empty fields closer to the base. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.1504608695652;-96.0333239130435
Unusual rectangular green bi-wing object observed for 30 minutes.;2004-06-14 20:30:00;35 minutes;Unusual rectangular green bi-wing object observed for 30 minutes. Last night we were sitting on our deck and I turned to my wife and said, Well, what is that?  Immediately I knew that it was out of the ordinary.  We live five miles from Offutt AFB and what I saw was in that direction.  It appeared to be at first glance an aircraft perhaps coming towards us.  We had seen many Offutt jets during the day and thought maybe this was just another one.  However, it was standing still.  Dead still.  We ovserved it for several minutes, maybe 5 or 6.  Marilyn then brought out the binoculars and we saw right away that it  was not an aircraft like any we had ever seen.  It appeared to be several thousand feet high and north of Offutt.  It was rectangular in shape, with the rectangle a light green, but with two wing-like protrusions which were brighter green.  It sat perfectly still so we assumed it was not a kite nor a helicopter.  Didn't look like either.  We are really not familiar with weather balloons, but it didn't look like a balloon either.  It held this positon for a good 20 minutes, and then it moved fairly rapidly to the south at what we guessed to be a half mile.  However, prior to its moving, a small single engine aircraft flew overhead.  Marilyn commented that it looked like the plane would fly over the object.  I watched with the binoculars and observed that in fact the plane flew under the object, which we then assumed must be much larger than we had first thought. It held its new position for about ten minutes drifting down slowly and then started drifting, again slowly, to the north and gradually dropped lower and disappeared over the rooftops.  We saw no lights, but its color changed from green to beige once it had moved to the south as noted above.  When it shifted from one position to another the wing-like protrusions had an appearance of gecko heads or modern day fighter aircraft cockpits. During the time we observed this, a couple of Offutt planes took off and landed, but went nowhere near the object. I reported the sighting to the local sheriffs department immediately after, and they said no other calls had been received regarding the sighting. We are both advanced degree college graduates in our mid sixties and have never before experienced any thing like this.  We are not prone to hallucinations nor prevarications.;41.1504608695652;-96.0333239130435
