Four lights in a row, evenly distanced apart – maybe a foot or less, in a straight line (relative to each other), that was on a slight;2008-05-23 02:00:00;5 minutes;A thunderstorm approaching in the middle of the night/early morning woke me up, and I got out of bed, went to the window and looked out.  I live in a two-storey house, my bedroom is on the second floor.  The window from which I looked out is on the east side of the house.  I live on a tree-lined street (maples, sycamores).  There’s one street light on the corner west of my house, and another street light further up the street going toward Main Street (which runs north/south), which is not visible from my house.  When I looked out the window I could see the silhouette of the maple tree next door, and saw that the wind had picked up.  I heard thunder in the distance, but there was no rain.  I stood there at the window for at least 2 or 3 minutes watching for lightning, and after not seeing any I thought I should get back into bed and try to go back to sleep.  But immediately after thinking that, and before I left the window, a bright white, round light caught my eye.  At first I thought it was a firefly, but the light was too large, bright and distinct.  It was just slightly above my eye level, and being that I was on the second floor the light was up near the top of the maple tree that grows in front of the house next door to me (on the east side).  I would say it was approximately 20 feet away from my window.  It was perfectly round, about the size of a tennis ball.  Another one slowly appeared next to the first, and then another, and another – until there were four lights in a row, evenly distanced apart – maybe a foot or less, in a straight line (relative to each other), that was on a slight 20 degree angle – the most distant light slightly higher than the first in the row.  There was no sound, except for a light wind.  These lights hovered near the top of the tree and maintained this linear formation for at least 30 seconds. I don't know if they were individual lights, joining each other or perhaps they were attached to something else that had slowly moved from behind the tree.  Then! they we re suddenly gone, almost like I blinked and they were gone.  I don’t know what they were, but I do know they weren’t fire flies or street lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));42.3204;-84.0351
