layered white lights, large, silent, moving slowly over large distance at low altitude and suddenly disappeared with out a trace;1989-11-25 19:00:00;10 minutes;layered white lights, large, silent, moving slowly over large distance at low altitude and suddenly disappeared with out a trace My one and only UFO sighting occurred many years ago and I’ve not reported it to any source as yourself until now. Revelations of my UFO sighting have always been met with ridicule by the family and friends I’ve shared it with. The only reason I’m writing this now is because an “open-minded “ friend who I shared my experience with happens to listen to a “coast to coast” on the radio and seemed to hear specifically about sightings of the same type in the same location and time as mine. I admit my recollections of details are a little fuzzy but many memories are clear as day. Here goes: I was a student at UW-Madison in the late 80’s & early 90’s and was coming home for Thanksgiving vacation to be with my family. I caught a ride with my cousin who also lived in Madison and liked to take the “back roads” home to look at all the Christmas lights in the small towns. I recall that we were heading  west on a country highway at night when my cousin pointed out some odd lights far in the distance. I agreed they looked strange and we continued to watch the progress of these lights. As it happens our course turned in a North –South direction and it was clear that the lights were getting closer and if it continued on the same course it’s path would lead it right over us. I told my cousin to pull over to the side of the highway so we could get a better look. Insanely, I recall opening the front passenger window and sticking my head out to look up and was mesmerized by what I saw. What I recall seeing  was  “layers of lights” moving slowly over our vehicle at a low altitude. What struck me most was that  this large form was “silent.” As the UFO moved over our car I pulled my head back in the vehicle and said to my cousin excitedly , “you have got to see this!” When I looked back out the window seconds later – it had vanished. My question to myself was – “what on earth can be that large, airborne, silent and disappear without a trace?” In my opinion this was no weather balloon! I’ve lived quietly with this experience in my memory and only wish I’d reported it sooner to a reputable source such as yourself. My interested friend said that he knows someone in law enforcement that witnessed something similar in the same time frame and location as myself. He said that he may be able to get  “audio” from the police car as it followed a strange UFO. I am wondering if in your database anyone has had a similar experience. I would be very interested to know more if such is the case.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.5051;-88.4423
