2 crafts-one was 30 feet across, blinking red, green,blue,orange,white second was football-field size but triangular.;1985-07-21 21:00:00;10 minutes;2 crafts-one was 30 feet across, blinking red, green,blue,orange,white second was football-field size but triangular. I was raised in San Diego, not very far from the airport, and I spent a little over 4 years in the US Army.  I definitely know the difference between rotary and winged aircraft, and I know the sounds that they make when airborne.  I saw something in 1985 that was extremely strange: a small (approximately 30 feet across) round craft, making absolutely NO noise whatsoever and in the same month, a VERY large triangular shape floating silently in the early morning sky.   At the time, I was staying at a friend's house, having just moved from San Diego, California, to Concord, California.  The first sighting was at approximately 9 pm (2100 hours), and the people that I was staying with, and myself, were sitting together in a hot-tub spa.   This vehicle was blinking red, orange, green, blue and white lights, flying directly over us at approximately 1500 feet altitude, making no noise at all.  The second sighting was at approximately 4 am (0400 hours) at about 2000 feet altitude, also making no noise at all, later in the same month. (The house was within 2 miles of the Concord Naval Weapons Center, which, at that time, had nuclear weapons stockpiled. In fact, there were several protests about the Weapons Center having those weapons there.)   I had gotten up around 4 am to get a glass of water from the kitchen, and upon looking out the kitchen window, spotted what appeared to be a triangular shaped craft. It looked to be enormous, possibly about the size of a football field in length, except for being triangular.  It made absolutely NO noise, and was heading East, toward the Naval Weapons Center. The reason that I didn't report the sightings then, was because I was afraid that no one would believe me (or us), and didn't want to be locked up for being crazy or something.  Now, I have had approximately 1500 hours of flying time as a passenger in both helicopters and jet aircraft, so I'm pretty sure that these vehicles were NOT currently in the Air Force's inventory, at least not as Un-classified aircraft.   Since these were technically Unidentified Flying Objects, I would not be able to say that they were extraterrestrial in nature, but just unidentified. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));37.9676380733945;-122.011463761468
