The object was an orange light, almost like a flare shot from a flare gun, but it hovered for a couple of seconds then faded out.;2014-04-15 21:38:00;4-5 seconds;The object was an orange light, almost like a flare shot from a flare gun, but it hovered for a couple of seconds then faded out. 	I was on my way back from picking my sister up, as she had just returned from a Jr. High track meet. The time was 9:38 PM when I saw the objects (sunset time on day of occurrence: 8:12 PM)  I was driving due west down Main Street in Oakley, Idaho, when is saw an orange-red light with a trail following it.  The object looked like a flare shot from a flare gun, but this is implausible as there is no civilization in the vicinity of the sighting.   I at first mistook it for a planet, perhaps Mars due to the coloration.  It had a similar size and radiance to a bright star.  The trail vanished very quickly.   The object was roughly 15 degrees above my eye level, and it rose perfectly vertically, then stopped and hovered, from my perspective, about an inch above the horizon, for 3-4 seconds.   After which it faded out without moving.  (While the object was close to the horizon it was unmistakably above the horizon.) 	I exclaimed and alerted my sister, who was riding in the passenger seat.  She looked in time to see an identical object, in the exact same position as the first, rising to the exact same height as the first, fading out to black without moving just as the first had.   While the object was still visible, another object appeared, slightly higher, about 8 inches to the right.  They both faded out, in the same order in which they had appeared.   I quickly stopped the car and started the video camera on my smartphone, I videoed for a few minutes but nothing more appeared. I immediately called the UFO hotline, and spoke with the man who answered, while driving west-northwest. We kept a steady eye on the western horizon for the duration of the 9 mile drive home, but no more objects appeared.;42.194;-113.872
