Football shaped multi colored craft floats silently across early morning sky from East to West;2011-01-11 05:11:00;5 - 10 minutes;Football shaped multi colored craft floats silently across early morning sky from East to West I heard Peter Davenport on Coast to Coast tonight and his persuasiveness as to the importance of reporting sightings. I do not know why I have not sent in a report before now, other than when I think of sending in a report, it was almost as if something was making my mind wander causing me to put it off. Well, here I am now. When I left work I have to cross the street to get home and always scan the skies to see if I can see anything of interest. Once in a while I will see a commercial aircraft or the odd meteor streak through the sky. This night was different, very different. I turned my head left to check for traffic and looked up to the sky as I always do. I then started to scan the skies and immediately did a double take as off in the distance was an aircraft that seemed to be stationary and appeared to about a mile away. It looked to be about 150 feet above the ground and displayed multiple cells. Each cell was multi colored, kaleidoscope like, almost like what is seen in a (Bell??) commercial on TV. I noticed that the object was slowly getting closer and was moving at the speed that a commercial airliner would be moving in the sky at cruising elevation. I also noticed a single blinking light on the nose of the object and a single blinking light at the base of the object. As it got closer I could see that it was football shaped with the nose and tail rounded. These cells had multiple levels and circled the object, almost as if it consisted of multiple objects that formed one object. These lights in the cells were not static, but had a movement to them that was very beautiful and mesmerizing at the same time. As it got almost directly overhead I could make out a single blinking light at the tail of the object. It was so close and so quiet. I listened closely and could not hear a single sound emanating from it. It looked like a blimp, but no motor sound, no hum no nothing!! All the while these lights, (cells) maybe 50-70 continued to display a light show. I watched the object continue to cross overhead and continue in a perfectly straight line until it was out of sight. This object seemed to following a line from directly East to West. It took about 5-10 minutes for it to cross the sky.;50.7033;-119.2683
