Enormous, oval shaped object, hovering over a field-it had lights that were like no other type of lights I've seen.;1990-03-15 19:00:00;2-3 minutes;Enormous, oval shaped object, hovering over a field-it had lights that were like no other type of lights I've seen. One night in the early spring of 1990,  my younger brother and I were out basically just being  teenagers-preparing for a weekend night of underage drinking and cruising around.  We had to drive about 12 miles down State Highway 6 to Clifton, Tx. to get ice for our cooler since no stores were open in our hometown of Valley Mills.  On the way back, as our beer was cooling down, something happened that made us totally forget our plans.  Between the two towns, as we were driving along, my brother suddenly yelled What the hell is that???!!!  I looked over towards a very large, open field and saw a sight that was probably the most amazing thing I have ever seen.  To this day, over 10 years later, the details are as sharp and clear in my mind as if it had happened yesterday. The object in the field was of enormous size.  It was hovering, probably not even 50 feet above the ground and VERY close to the highway.  I could see the outline of it-oval in shape and dark- colored.  It appeared to be larger than a football field and had a single row of lights along its middle.  The lights were different colors-amber,red, blue, and green and almond-shaped.  But it wasn't the colors or shape of them that made an impression on me-it  was the light they produced.  It seemed that they were made of liquid or possibly a gaseous substance.  It is very hard to describe, because they were like no lights I have ever seen.  The closest I can compare them to would be neon but still very different from neon. They were much brighter than standard neon but they didn't produce a glare-it was more like they were glowing.  Something in them seemed to be swirling or moving.  As I said, they were like nothing on this earth. The sighting only lasted a couple of minutes-I slowed and pulled onto the shoulder of the road, transfixed.  We both stared in disbelief and fascination until suddenly fear took over and I stepped on the gas and got out of there as fast as I could!  We were both so freaked out we forgot about our beer and went straight home.  We told my mom and my grandma about what we had seen and they wanted to see if it was still there.  We drove out to the area, but it was gone. I've told many people about my ufo sighting in the years since but never reported it officially.  I truly believe that it was not of this planet, and I've often wondered what we might have seen had we stayed a little longer. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in March 1990 is approximate.  PD));31.6594;-97.4965
