Bright light over Ft. Benning!!!;2011-01-22 06:30:00;1 hour;Bright light over Ft. Benning!!!   I’d thought I’d do this as quickly as possible.  The first sighting was at 6:35am Jan 22, 2011.  My friend was giving me a ride home from his house.  As we got closer to my home, I noticed an unusually bright star.  We continued driving, but then out of nowhere, my friend and I noticed at the same time, that the star was no star.  The light we saw grew even more intense and then disappeared just as fast.  We herd absolutely no sounds what so ever.  We then pulled into a parking lot and continued to watch.  The craft was hovering very close to Ft. Benning.  As we got out of the car, I flashed a flashlight in the direction of the light it disappeared very quickly, but with a small delay. Thinking it was over, again out of nowhere, no other sounds or lights the craft instantly appeared less than a mile away, just a couple hundred feet up.  I saw a disturbing sight.  The light was being emitted from the bottom of a craft.  The bottom of the craft was smooth a! nd flat, but tapered to a blunt top, similar to a spinning top.  On the side of the craft, there was a reddish light.  It was sweeping in a clockwise rotation, if viewed from directly underneath the craft.  The red sweeping light never made a full 360 degree swoop around the craft.  It maintained this close distance for less than a minute, and then disappeared again, just as quick.  As the sun was rising, it kept its position in the sky, and would blink as the bottom craft light grew and dimmed in intensity.  We managed to capture a one minute video of it blinking and changing intensity.  And eventually we lost sighting at about 7:30am the same morning.  Again, this just occurred an hour ago and for the amount of time it stayed visible, I’m very sure that my friend and I weren’t the only ones to see it! And I also want to mention that during the course of this sighting, we witnessed several shooting stars falling at the same time!!!;32.4818159303883;-84.9644448460512
