Triangular craft w/multiple lights seen in Western Virginia on a southerly path. Low and fast. Silent. BBD?;2008-10-30 05:30:00;6 seconds;Triangular craft w/multiple lights seen in Western Virginia on a southerly path. Low and fast. Silent. BBD? The craft was lit with amber lights at each corner. A blue swirling light was in the center of the object, not as bright as the other lights. There were also light bars, vivid yellow in color running between the amber lights at the corners. It was as large as a pack of cigarettes held at arms length and flew quickly over my house in a southerly direction. There was no sound. It was bigger and brighter than anything else in the sky. It would have covered a full moon. The structure was slightly visible and gave me the impression of a triangular raft. The points of the triangle were rounded. I was hanging out of the window as it passed so I got a good look but it was traveling quickly.;37.0914;-82.6064
A Flying Triangle spotted along the VA/KY border. Large, bright, silent object seen going SSW;2008-10-30 22:30:00;7 seconds;A Flying Triangle spotted along the VA/KY border. Large, bright, silent object seen going SSW I was sitting on my second-story windowsill having a smoke with the windows open. It was a cool, clear night and I was stargazing. A triangular craft, nearly as I could tell an equilateral triangle, flew above me and travelled till out-of-sight in a straight line.  The bottom had a dull-lit half-sphere on the bottom at each point.  Three yellow lights (line-shaped) went from orb -to -orb and in the center there was a blue swirling light, fairly dim also. It flew directly over my location.   The Object appeared about as big as my fist at arms length.  It seemed to be maybe 750 feet above the tree-line, flying from NNE to SSW at perhaps 300-400 mph.  One detail.  The orb-like lights at the bottom corners looked odd. They looked just like a ping-pong ball, cut-in-half with the amber light shining evenly through it.  I don't know how else to describe it.  The center blue light seemed to be different, as if in motion, like water down a drain.  Weather was around 35-40! degrees, clear, light wind.  The object did seem to make a faint jet sound but after it left the area the sound stayed. I noticed an airliner so I think the object was silent.  Very, Very quiet at least. Witness;37.0914;-82.6064
