Motherships and armada in California skies;2006-06-17 05:00:00;10 minutes;Motherships and armada in California skies I got a phone call from a friend who claimed they saw a bunch of small ufos and one large mother ship, I thought they were bs-ing me but they had it on DVD after recording in on thier digital video camera.  I went to check it out.  We watched the film at regular speed the first time and saw several little specks appear and disappear too fast to see what they were.  We slowed the video down to a crawl and watched several small flying craft, that looked a lot like flying oreo cookies. A few seconds later this large line of lights showed up, the way the light hit it a few times made it go from translucent to kind of a plasma looking thing, all that was really clear were the lights. using zoom, we were able to see it was rotating, and the lights were actually pale shades of green pink and yellow, alternating as it spun around.  It didnt fly straight, rather jumped around, the smaller craft looked like they were trying to stir up the air to keep the larger craft concealed.  After examing the film, we decided to go outside and look at the space it happened in,  at exactly 5 am in the morning of the 17th, we saw it appear on the horizon, again the way the sun hit it, it seemed to uncloak for a few moments, there appeared to be a shape to this of an egg, the lights going around the middle with the small end towards the top and maybe a quarter of the egg at the big end out the bottom, it was like looking into water. there were a lot of sparks that appeared in the sky, thats how fast they were, they only looked like sparks to the naked eye.  again we got out the camera and tried to catch some of it on film.  Then a Second large ship appeared behind the first one, they both moved in a south east direction across the sky, the smaller ships were like a whold armada flying around the larger ones, dissappearing and reappearing again,  it appeared like they would go in and out of the big one, but you couldnt see it enter it, only where it would appear again at the top of the big one.  I only know I was akeptical of what was told to me about what they had filmed the morning before, also at exactly 5 am.  And that in the first light of the day, with the sun coming up, it did something to the way they were able to conceal themselves, this was not a jet trail, and were not falling stars.  And it seems they have a habit of hanging out over the top of the power plant at 5 am.  There seemed to be a distortion of the sky around where they were, magnetic field possibly? My friend has  the camera and the footage taken of this phenomena, I am still just flabbergasted that it was still in the same area two days in a row.;37.9985;-121.8878
holyMOTHERLODE OF A MOTHER SHIP;2006-07-05 05:17:00;20-30 minutes;holy MOTHERLODE OF A MOTHER SHIP I did a film this morning with my vcr recorder, not a digital, and didnt want to use digital for this past two weeks we did use it, and the pixelization i think gets in the way of the value and stability of the real film of the object.  I am speaking of a sighting that my friends and I had of what could only be explained as a UFO.  They told me that they had filmed the incident and I came over to see what they had,  My lead guitar player and myself joined our friend with our own camera the next morning when at approx. 5:15 not only did it do a repeat performance, but it was followed by another craft of approximately the size of 5 football fields.  The smaller craft looked like sparks in the early morning sky, and we didnt even know they were smaller craft until we slowed the film down to frame by frame, and were amazed to see many of them entering and leaving the larger craft.    The air around where they flew seemed to be mixed up like ripples in the water, it was like looking into water, and like someone took a sponge lightly dipped in paint and went over what was really there.  This cloaking activity seems inherent after sunrise, and the only time we have been able to actually SEE them is right at sunrise before the sun rises high enough over head for them to reflect the sky back at themselves.  So I went back again with my digital camera, which has filming capability for short spurts of time, and waited.  I almost thought (even though this was a week later) that I wouldnt see a thing, but right at 5:23 the sun started comingup and there they were , like they appeared out of nowhere, this one took off to the east.  I lost sight of it around Bailey hill, and figured Id have to wait another day, however as I got closer to home, (13 miles away from where we had photographed  them, I went under the train trestle down the street from my house, looked up and bigger than shit there it was.  I barreled down the driveway grabbed my camera and bolted up to the street in time to catch it on an .avi file.   The next day, my friend Bobby calls me and tells me that he caught it landing on the far side of the power plant, the far side of the power plant is delta of the Sacramento River, and an island that is mostly marsh and hazardous waste.  No one goes there, no one human anyway.  I figured that since they were appearing close to the power plant that the draw of the electricmagnetic field had to have something to do with them appearing there over and over again. So 4th of July, we went up and w atched fireworks from Bobbys back yard on the top of the hill above Bart in Pittsburg, California,  I took off at about 1 am telling them i was going to get my high powered telescope, my bushnells and my old fashined type of VCR recorder, you know the type that actually took the big VCR tapes to record?  I was back at 4 pm. setting up the telescope and the vcr recorder to watch the sky.  I had a feeling whatever we would see this day was going to be HUGE. and buddy i tell you what it was freaking HUMONGUS.  The size of the city of Concord at the very least. With hudreds of hundreds of the size flying ships that only days before we were referring to as mother ship  WHAT A LAUGH!  OH MY GOD.  The video I got of it this morning, actually shows movement on the ship, shows crafts set to depart, on platforms that swing upwards to a sinister or forward slash direction, and when the ships departed, they didnt go straight up, the platform they rested on inclined, and these fast mother flockers left with the force and speed of a projectile,   what looked like might be a jet trail, turned out to be motion blur.  We found all kinds of sparks and fast movement in the sky that many were unable to be seen by the naked eye.  As a matter of fact, when you pointed the camera at them, you could not see the craft on the preview screen of the camera at all, and looking through the eyehole, they werent there either, we had to just point the cameras in the general direction, hit the zoom and width mode and even then sometimes couldnt see them until you slowed the film down by 900 percent.  i AM going to try to translate the film to my computer from the TV somehow and copy it to a DVD.  But I tell you what I am so blown away by the whole thing I dont even know what to think say or do.  The blow away at dawn was looking at what appeared to be an elogated fireball, with the multitude of disks and smaller craft, AND stationary buildings with activity able to be seen usning the zoom lense of the camera.  Ill have to enter more on this later.;37.9985;-121.8878
