Green Fireball along side auto.  Changed direction, and seemed to accelerate at great speed and dissappear within seconds.Sighting corr;1999-02-11 19:20:00;5 minutes;Green Fireball along side auto.  Changed direction, and seemed to accelerate at great speed and dissappear within seconds.Sighting corroborated by local radio station KSFO 810 AM. Feb 11, 1999, Driving home from work in Sunnyvale CA. North on highway 680, to Antioch, CA., I could see Saturn, Jupiter, and Venus all lined up out of my car window to the west. Every few minutes, I would take a quick peek as I was driving. It was finally a very clear night and could not wait to get home to take a look around the night sky with my 4 inch binoculars. As I drove East on Highway 4, at the top of Willow Pass in Pittsburg, CA., at 7:20 PM. My attention was caught by a very bright green light flying next to me. My Corvette is very low, so it appeared to me (after looking at it) that the green fireball was less than a mile away from me to the North, and maybe 1000 feet high. My stereo was on, but I thought I heard a noise more than the wind rushing past my window. I was driving at about 85 mph, in the left lane, in traffic, so I know others saw it. I was able to look at the fireball for only a few seconds at a time, because I was driving. The Green fireball was not as bright as a welders arc, but had about the same sharp clarity with a lite green tint. It appeared kind of egg shaped overall, white in the middle, and a difficult to percieve tail of green flame. It was bright enough to where it was hard for me to see detail. Its size could be compared to a small pager (beeper) held at arms length. When my attention was first drawn to the bright clear green light, it was at the rear of my drivers side window. Because of my speed, I looked for 2-3 seconds, drove, looked 2-3 seconds, drove, looked 2-3 seconds. Because I thought it was right next to me, it appeared to be going about;37.9985;-121.8878
white object flying overhead -;2005-03-05 07:30:00;7 minutes;white object flying overhead - My coworker I carpool with was driving on Hwy 4 towards Antioch Pittsburg when we noticed something in the sky.  Nearing the Pittsburg Bart Station, to the north east area of the sky we could see, looked like a comet of some sort - like something was burning in our atmosphere, then we noticed there were more.  one in the center and two on the right side of us.  These were not aircraft or planes.  There was a white tail on all of these things  one seemed to float and then move quickly to the left of us.  they were situated at different angles so we were not sure it was a meteor shower we were seeing.  then the one on the right seem to seperate.  There was a ball or round shape sepereated from the burning white tail.  after it seperated, the tail seemed to dissipate.  we looked to the left and there was another which seemed to seperate, but since we were looking towards the sun, we could not see it as we drove closer to Antioch, CA.;37.9985;-121.8878
Five sightings of glowing red orange fireball object over Pittsburg, CA;2006-03-11 05:45:00;5 minutes;Five sightings of glowing red orange fireball object over Pittsburg, CA As of March 11, 2006 at around 5:45 am I encountered a bright red orange circular object in the sky. During the time I was delivering newspapers at Kirker Creek apartments when in my car I looked up at the sky facing north I saw a bright red orange fireball type object in the darken sky.  You couldn't miss it. It was travelling at a slow rate at a low elevation around and above 500 ft in the air.  I observed the object carefully to see if this was a plane or helicopter but all I could see was a bright red orange glow all around the object.  There were no beacons of light flashing on it like a plane nothing I could spot similar to a plane was on this object.  This object though had this slow strobe blinking on it.  I watched this object fly in the sky for five minutes or more. It was heading south toward a patch of clouds as it entered the clouds I could not see it any more the object did not exit the patch of clouds as I presumed it disappeared in the clouds.  This was not my first sighting, as I witnessed this object 4 times in the past 2 months during the same time at around 5:30 am while delivering newspapers in the same area in Pittsburg on Railroad Ave and Buchanan in the neighborhood where Hillview Jr High is at. My first sighthing was in the middle of Janurary of this year on a Wednesday same time. I was on the street of Redondo Dr. and Railroad when I looked  up and saw a red orange light and had the same slow glowing strobe blinking, it was travelling at a slow rate heading east it was at a low elevation and the object didn't make a sound at all because this object was above and near me I could have heard plane noise from it but I didn't, so I started following it in my car untill I lost it the incoming clouds. I have never seen anything in the sky like what I was. I've seen so many planes in the night sky that this object differed from any other plane.  My second sighting happened two weeks after the first sighting, end of Janurary. This sighting happened on Saturday around 5:30 am again I was in the same area. I was on  El Dorado Dr just a few blocks away from Redondo. I was facing south west when I suddenly saw this time two bright red orange lights come from the south as the two objects where flying parallel to each other at the same rate of speed. The two objects were coming towards my direction at a fast rate of speed like above 100 mph a sec then then the two objects slowed down at the same time and they were on the same low elevation I saw before. I just watched the two objects fly north into a patch of clouds as I lost them.  The third sighting happened in Feburary this time I was on Buchanan and it was wednes day around 5:30 am again. I saw the object fly south at the same rate of speed and elevation and same physical characteristics I've been witnessing. I watched it for two minutes and then looked away from it for a couple of seconds as I kept on driving.  Then I looked back at the direction I saw the object was at and I could not find it anymore I looked all around in the sky and it was a clear morning. At the slow rate it was going I could have seen it pass by me even though I looked away from it I know this for fact because when I see a plane fly by I could still see pass.  The fourth sighting happened on the last week of Feburary on Saturday the 25th two weeks after todays sighting same time around 5:30 am. I was at Kirker Creek apartments when I looked up at the sky facing north I saw the same exact object. I observed it very carefully as it was flying and hovering in the sky at a low elevation. I can see it always flew in an quick stuttering up and down motion as it was doing this the oddest thing happened nothing like I saw in my previous sightings there was this tiny but visable object coming out underneath the main object it had the same color and form and it was coming down very slowly toward the ground like in a hovering and floating movement. As it was coming down the tiny object started to fade away until you could see its color any more. It vanished away. The main object just continued fly ing south into the clouds when I lost it.  Again what I've been seeing is a bright red orange fireball type object in a circular shape flying at a low elevation in the area above Railroad ave and Buchanan Pittsburg CA at a time around 5:30 am. I mainly see this object whenever the clouds start to come in and after rainy weather when there's a mix of patchy clouds and a clear sky.;37.9985;-121.8878
white ball of light illuminated sky over Hwy 4;2007-08-11 00:15:00;2-3 secx;white ball of light illuminated sky over Hwy 4 My girlfriend and I were traveling home eastbound Hwy 4 between Pittsburg and Antioch when we both spotted a white ball of light coming from the Northern direction and landing in somewhat of a southern easterly direction. While on Hwy 4 heading east it looked like whatever it was, landed somewhere I would estimate to be between Hwy 12 and Hwy 160. We assume it crashed/landed/exploded or whatever and illuminated the entire eastern skyline with 2-3 bright flashes of light. I thought at first it was lightening but funny thing. There wasn’t a single cloud out. We continued to monitor the sky on our drive home to Stockton and noticed as well several aircraft in the sky but we are more than certain these were normal airplanes.  We were both wondering if anybody else noticed this since we were not the only autos traveling Hwy 4 last night. Could this have been a meteor?;37.9985;-121.8878
Three orbs of orangeish redish lights not ordinary movement of average objects in sky.;2013-02-03 20:10:00;5 minutes;Three orbs of orangeish redish lights not ordinary movement of average objects in sky. I was joging after the super bowl and i was heading east from Highlands Park and there was three orangeish redish circles, i thought they could be chinese lanterens and then one of them went up then down then up then down between the outher two figures that were the same shape i thought my eyes were blury or something when i first seen them because they seemed out of focus or something was in my eyes anyways the outher two were just kind of hovering there then two of them went towards the ground and the outher one stayed were it was until it seemed to burn out.;37.9985;-121.8878
