Saw bright white light coming from UFO, that left our atmosphere possibly, in Pittsburg, CA.;1980-05-01 00:00:00;2 minutes;Saw bright white light coming from UFO, that left our atmosphere possibly, in Pittsburg, CA. We used to sleep out side in the summertime. One night I slept outside by myself. I noticed an object moving to the left in the air. It kept moving horizontally to the left until it stopped. Then it just rose until until it looked like a star because it seemed to have left our atmosphere.  It looked like it could have been over the hills behind uptown Pittsburg. It was a slender, bright white, oval light radiate from beneath, so I figured it would have been circular if you were right underneath it. I guesstimate even for a child when I saw it, that it would have to have been hundreds of feet long. The bad thing was I could have woke my parents but I was to amazed by what I saw that I regret them not seeing and believing it. I would take a polygraph even to prove my truth. I was getting chills earlier. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));37.9985;-121.8878
I've never seen anything like it.;2009-02-05 21:35:00;30 seconds;I've never seen anything like it. The UFO I saw in the sky was a lemon yellow, oval-shaped object about the size of a football feild or larger with a cloud of yellow around it.It had a line of many red, circle-shaped spots across the middle at the halfway piont. There also was a white trail following after it. The trail was sparkley like diamonds that began to fall and fade out of the sky. The object remained in the sky for about 30 seconds.The craft seemed to move slowly in a slow  clock-wise fashion in a straight line from South to North and then suddenly took off with unbeleiveable speed before it disappeared. The white trail remained for one minute or so after the UFO was out of sight. This is diffeent than the one I saw before. It made my windows vibrate with the low humming sound that came from it.  I tried to take a picture of it with my picture phone but the phone was saying Error Every time I tried to take a picture, and I had enough space avalible!;37.9985;-121.8878
