4 flashing white lights in linear stable totally silent  formation 4 degrees above horizon cruising between Clarksville and Paris,Ar.;2017-10-19 20:08:00;20 minutes;4 flashing white lights in linear stable totally silent  formation 4 degrees above horizon cruising between Clarksville and Paris,Ar. 4 flashing white lights, 1 second interval, 1 degree apart in straight line formation, tight and precise, 4 degrees above  horizon, first spotted in NE near Clarksville headed southerly direction at a leisurely  speed normal for cruising helicopters.  They changed direction when due east then headed west towards me while getting brighter, with no apparent change in relative  positions to each other, and most notably, absolutely no sound whatsoever which would  be strange but not unlikely if these were top secret stealth  helicopters or something else cutting edge.   Quickly ran inside to grab 22 rifle with variable 4 to 9X scope for closer view of objects when passing over me.  When  back outside, they had all headed to new direction towards SW over Arkansas River into Logan County towards Subiaco.  I climbed to the top of my RV to view in rifle´s scope while due south of me.  Each white flashing light had dimmer steady white light just to left of them visible at 9X power after quickly focusing on Sirius for best resolution possible.  The sky was clear with no moonlight for seeing any kind of outline of these  totally silent objects.  Four normal aircraft of any type would of been overwhelmingly audible at such altitude and proximity.  Hopefully description of nav light configuration will help identity make and model.  No other nav lights of different colors observed.  Objects eclipsed by trees at SSW.  Clock said 8:18 PM.  Beginning of sighting rough estimate but definitely after 8 PM.  Duration near to 20 minutes.    This is not first time stealth craft seen by me or orange orbs,too, in this area.  Ever since I made it a nightly ritual, weather permitting, to go out after sunset and watch the sky closely, plus I´m a very experienced amateur astronomer with four fairly decent scopes and a computerized GOTO GEM mount.  I have submitted previous reports from nearby Coal Hill circa Feb. 2005.  However, I am well aware I have a most unfortunate surname for filing  UFO reports or any kind of reports for that matter, come to think of it.  But I will keep vigilant nonetheless.  Thanks for reading and your website.;35.4476;-93.6136
