Speeding ball of light slows way down changes direction and disappears in clear sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS sighting.  PD));2013-06-24 22:00:00;3 minutes;speeding ball of light slows way down changes direction and disappears in clear sky. It was 10 pm my neighbor and myself were outside and I noticed something bright coming in from the west travelling and fast rate of speed. It was a ball of light (no flashing lights) making no sound, then almost came to a stop mid air and slowly began travelling at a south easterly direction very slowly then it changed color from white to yellow then to green then just faded out of sight.  There were no clouds in the sky where it disappeared, the moon was just above the horizon obscured by tree from where we were.  It travelled to fast to be any aircraft, and it was too quiet to be a fighter jet or helicopter.;35.4476;-93.6136
3 orange globes similar to streetlights in size and brightness maneuvering near Hartman  Arkansas .;2017-09-13 03:20:00;1-2 min.;3 orange globes similar to streetlights in size and brightness maneuvering near Hartman  Arkansas . 1 orange sphere appears from due south, bright like street light, slows then drifts east. Another appears,vector slightly more from west,then same as first, separation a few degrees.  Third appears more from west or southwest,subsonic speed since no  boom from any object.  Approximately 20 degrees above horizon.  Sky was completely overcast, most likely extreme outer edge of Irma tropical depression . Therefore maximum possible altitude, distance, speed  determined by   meteorological  records.  Right?  No sound but me, the crickets, and some coyetes who may also have noticed. Video evidence captured on phone, a jittery unstable point of light with one other briefly apppearing on screen.  Therefore Not hallucination or optical illusion reflection in eyewear.  Timestamp info showed 37 second video clip ending at 03:24 hrs.  Objects accelerated eastwards while fazing out their lights.       Subjective/speculative follows:  Had impression just passing through, then ral! ly at waypoint to regain proper formation similar to military SKE missions with cargo planes before establishing new vector.  Definitely unnatural and under control. Impressive technology whatever the source or purpose.  Optimistic feeling in the end. If they can do it then why cant we?  No excuses.  I want one badly can think of nothing else these days. How much does it cost?  How does responsible parties recruit pilots? No  Mans Sky has now gotten very boring,shallow, and only frustrates the envy. Final thought: All scepticism vanquished.  Totally do-able.  PS:  Someone in Charlotte,NC. reported sighting of 3 orange foo fighters less than 90 minutes after my sighting.  Same ones I saw?;35.4476;-93.6136
