Northeast mid sky light moving oddly.;2017-12-21 01:35:00;20 minutes;Northeast mid sky light moving oddly. Took dog out on dark north facing side of house.  Clear night with beautiful stars out. I notice one slightly different in character.  It looked like a star but was clearer, brighter, and had reflection rays around it.  The rays were in a chevron pattern on either side but you had to look carefully to notic.  The tops of the leafless tree branches were eye level and it was moving. It was very high up as the movement was slight.  I hugged the movement against branches and other stars.  It moved around not directional.  Sort of like a ballon would....a little to the left, a bit up, then back down, then a minute still, then over to the left again, then to the right.  It might have been some sort of balloon but I thought i’d report it.  To my eye it looked like it could have been made up of several likes on one object.  Facing due north it was around 10-11 o’clock, in the northwest central sky (I don’t know how else to say it). It was still there when I left.  It was not f! ast moving.  If it was moving directionally I would have thought it was a satellite.;41.1997;-73.4343
3 lights moving north;2021-06-27 22:00:00;20 min;3 lights moving north Outside enjoying a cigarette.  Great visibility of the stars.  I noticed what looked like a start moving north east.  It appeared to be very high in the sky and a similar brightness to the other stars and size.  About 20 seconds past as it travelled over head and eventually out of my sight.  2 minutes later a slightly dimmer light was seen in the same place in the sky heading in a more north direction.  30 seconds after witnessing a second light a third light was seen.  This one was brighter and appeared to be lower in altitude.  Was also heading north.  As it travelled it blocked out the stars above it.  Have never seen anything like this.  Could be satellites maybe im not sure.  I have seen shooting stars before and what appears to be other lights moving very fast but never something like this.  Thought I would report;41.1997;-73.4343
