round revolving lights reflecting on the fog;1978-10-11 23:00:00;5 miniutes;round revolving lights reflecting on the fog Ok, i was driving down US 23 going south out of brighton michigan, just about 2 miles from LEE road, i was with my girl friend. it was foggy, i am not sure about the date or time but it was listed in the ( at that time) Brighton argus. They made light of it and took pictures of the lights at the brighton SKI LODGE. and the picture they took looked like what we saw. As i say it was foggy and if not for the fog we would have seen nothing. As i was driving  we saw lights over US 23, and we could see the lighhts bounceing off the fog, the shape was round, and the lights were going in a circle, we could not see the craft that was making the lights but the light reflecting off the fog showed it was round. me and my girlfriend saw it and many others saw it that were driving by that night. it is strange because they could have said it was a ZEPPLIN, or a weather thing, but all they did was take pictures of two spot lights at the ski lodge and laff AT every one because the pictures they took looked like what we saw, but the fact is, the lights went round and round, and reflected off the fog. I saw it, my girlfriend saw it, and so did every one else that slowed down that night to look at it. I do not tell any one anymore about this, i had enought bull from the brighton argust. I would like to know where they got the picture they had in the newspaper. The UFO, was going towards Howell michigan, as i was going south on US 23 between brighton and Ann Arbor, I know what i saw, Lights going in a circle reflecting off the fog, it was about 30 feet by 30 feet, at my best guess. that is 30 feet round, or 3 to 4 cars, or if ya want this it covered my side of the express way, the median also. that is all i know other than the brighton argust made a fool out of every one. it was going about 10 miles an hour or less. i had lots of time to look at the lights. if you can find out what this was (for sure) i would like to know. But I bet ya can't, i know what i saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.5504578947369;-83.7649263157894
Large object with two bright lights, passed overhead silently. Half-circles connected by rectangle.;1991-11-27 20:15:00;1-2 minutes;Large object with two bright lights, passed overhead silently. Half-circles connected by rectangle. Approximate Location: Lat: 42.50 Long: -83.76  UFO approximately  300 - 500  ft in width  minimum. Altitude 800  to  1000  feet  minimum.   Craft  is  best  described  as two semi-circles connected  together with a single  beam. The rounded edges of the semi-circles were on  the outside edge of the craft.  The  craft  moved  in  a  perpendicular  direction  to  the  beam connecting the  semi-circles. The craft was  totally silent. Only two  small white  lights were present at  the semi-circle edges, which neither changed  in color, or intensity. The  under body of the  craft is  thought to  be a  light grey.   The velocity of the craft was  anywhere from 50 to  100 mph. The direction  of travel was S-SW to  N-NE. The duration of the  event was approximately 1 minute,  thirty  seconds. Nothing of an extraordinary nature occurred except the appearance of the craft. It  was about  a quarter  after eight  o'clock, myself and a friend were leaving my home. It was  a clear night, and as we was walking to my car, I was gazing at the stars. Not many stars were present,  as  there  was  a  slight  haze  present  in  the upper atmosphere. A small  group of stars caught my  attention and were approx.  30 degrees  above the  horizon and  directly South of my home. Not seeing anything unusual, I proceeded to walk to my car, I put the key  in the door, then glanced back  at the small group are stars again. I then noticed  that two tiny lights were moving together and at a fixed  distance from each other.  The lights appeared to move  in our direction. I immediately pointed the lights out to my  friend. The lights appeared to be a great distant apart, not something you would expect to see in the night sky.  I assumed at  first that there  must be two  objects, flying  together.  The  object  appeared  to  be  very low to the ground, not more than a couple  of hundred feet. Thinking I could get a good  look at the object with my  spotlight which I keep in the trunk of my car, I  quickly unlocked the trunk, and proceeded to retrieve my spotlight. As I proceeded to get the spotlight, my friend  continued to  watch the  lights. After a few seconds I had I plugged the spotlight into  the cigarette lighter, and pointed the light at the lights.  The light was not able to illuminate any part of the object. I  panned the light between the lights, hoping I could see something.  At this point I realized  that the object had to  be at least  800 to 1000  feet high, and  that the lights were  about  300  -  500  ft  across.  I  deduced  this simply by estimating the  distance away that  the object was. It was flying at a low altitude and it was huge. The object flew directly over our heads, and passed over my home. I continued to shine the light at the object, but saw nothing. I considered the lights belonging to a single object is  because they moved toward us,  and did not vary in position with respect to one another, I therefore assumed that they were connected to a single object.  The lights passed directly over us, and no sound was emitted by  the object.  I specifically   asked my  friend to  listen for anything.  We heard  absolutely nothing.  The object  traveled at what seemed to be a  constant altitude, with a constant velocity. The lights did  not change in intensity or  color. The object did not rotate  or maneuver in  any unusual respect.  It glided over, not making a sound as it passed.  We attempted to chase the object in an automobile. We drove several miles north along the service drive of U.S. 23. A heavy cloud front was approaching in from the north, and we gave up hope of following the object. We stopped and stood outside of the vehicle looking up at the approaching cloud front.  While standing outside of our vehicle, a craft  emerged from  a the clouds. The craft  which appeared was fully lit with running flashing running  lights, and landing lights.  The landing lights had  illuminated  the  clouds  just  before  it  emerged. Looking carefully at the  craft, we noticed about 20-30  red lights which appeared  to be  mounted to  the front  of the  craft. They  were brilliant  red,  like  heat  lamps  used  at  restaurants.  There appeared to be  no pattern to the way the  lights were mounted on the aircraft's  front, it did  seem that there  was some type  of surface  area   to  whatever  was  holding   the  lights. I have never seen anything similar before or since that was mounted to the front of the aircraft.  Almost immediately after the aircraft appeared  from the cloud, the roar of jet engines was very loud. Was  stuck me as odd was the amount of noise  generated by this  aircraft, and it's  low velocity. We thought immediately that it must be a helicopter because it was moving  very  slow.  The  craft  traveled West to East,  crossed  over the expressway (U.S. 23),  and  headed  in  the  general  direction  of Detroit Michigan. I would estimate that  the craft was about one thousand feet  from the  ground, and  traveled less  that one  hundred and fifty miles per hour.  After waiting  around for about a  minute for something else to happen,  we left the area and proceeded South to my home. We could  still see aircraft that emerged  from the clouds, it stayed  on course, and  was disappearing into  the horizon. We did not see that aircraft again.  When we returned home and discussed what had happened, my friend stated that she saw the shape of the object as it passed overhead. The shape she drew was basically a circle cut in half and separated, then a rectangular bar connecting the halves.  As stated above, I could only see the lights mounted on the edges which seemed to shine toward the center of the object, but I could not make out any shape. I believe my vision was impaired because I was holding a bright spotlight that I was using to illuminate the object. I believe my friend was being sincere about what she had seen.  I can say with a high confidence that whatever this object was, it was a single object, it was traveling at a very low altitude, and there was absolutely no sound generated by this object.  The following Monday, I called the FAA at Willow Run Airport and reported the incident to a  FAA investigator. He said that he would  look into  it, and  call me  back. I  did not remember his name, and I am not sure that he gave it to me.  On Wednesday  of that week, I  called again to the  FAA, and talked to  a Mr. ((name deleted)) (sounds  like - ((deleted))),  he said he had heard nothing of  the report.  He asked  around the  office, and found no  one who remembered the  report. He then asked  me about the  incident, and  I told   him everything,  with of  course the exception of the actual visual sighting  of the craft (shape as described by my friend). I told him it must have been a blimp. The following Friday, I  called the  FAA back,  and asked what the about  progress of  the investigation.  Mr. ((name deleted)),  then told me that  he passed  the report  the Mr.  ((name deleted)),  and that he would contact me. About  an hour  later, Mr. ((deleted)) called.  We had  a long discussion  about  the  event.  He  told  me  he  personally  had contacted all major airports in  the area, which was an extensive list I must say, and they had  no reports of a blimp in the area. He  then  contacted  Goodyear  and  asked  them. According to Mr. ((deleted)), no blimps were operational in Michigan.  He went on  to tell me what happens when  a craft appears on radar. When a  craft has a transponder, it  relays the aircraft's ID code back to the control  tower. No aircraft were operating in the  vicinity  at  anywhere  near  the  altitude  given.  Then we discussed the possibility of large aircraft without a transponder. The  control  technicians  are   responsible  for  recording  all incidents  of  these  so  called  primary  targets, none of the airports reported any primary targets  in this area. He contacted all the airports in the  surrounding area, and nothing was found.  I must say that Mr. ((deleted)) went far beyond my expectations of a  FAA investigator. He  was very frank  and honest about  the entire situation, and  had gone far beyond his duties to attempt to identify this aircraft.  At the end of our conversation, he told me that this report is not closed,  and will remain open. My hope is that one day someone will be able to review historical radar data to determine whether the object that we had seen did actually show up on radar. One thing is for certain, it was not a figment of our imagination, a meteor,  or swamp gas.;42.5504578947369;-83.7649263157894
