While walking at night, I saw an object with rod-like extensions and colored lights move directly across my path in front of me.;1984-07-15 23:00:00;3:00 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD)) While walking at night, I saw an object with rod-like extensions and colored lights move directly across my path in front of me. I was walking down my small rural subdivision street in Brighton, Michigan with a neighbor at about 11:00 p.m. on a mid-summer night about nineteen years ago.  We were on our way to my house.  We were alone.  The weather was very calm and still.  There were no clouds in the sky.  I do not remember if wether or not the moon was up that night.  If it was up at that time, it was behind us and not very bright.  The night was very quiet, dark and filled with stars as there were no nearby city lights.  My neighbor was on my left side as we were walking down my subdivision street.  The street is straight and runs north (the direction we were walking)and south.  On the west side of the street is an open field and on the east side is thick woods with houses set back off the street about 150 feet into the woods.  While walking down this street (heading north), we both saw (at about the 10 o'clock position) an object moving low in the sky over the open field.  It moved in a straight and horizontal path at a constant speed.  It was moving from the west to the east.  It's movement was exactly perpindicular to our path.  It did not rotate during our view of it.  It was approximately 50 yards from us as it passed over the street directly in front of us.  There was no sound at all!  There was no sound prior to seeing it, and no sound while we were witnessing it.  When it passed over the street it disappeared from our view as it moved just above the tree tops on the east side of the street.  From the time we first saw it to the time it disappeared from our view was about five or six seconds.  The body of the object was dark and generally round.  I could see the silhouette of it with the night sky behind it.  It's height was about the same as it's length.  It's body was about the size of four full moons as seen from our distance from it.  There were a lot of rod-like extensions protruding straight out of the body in all directions.  The extensions were also dark, just as the body of the object was.  The extensions varied a little in length, from about half the diameter of the body of the object to about the full diameter of the body.  I did not see a pattern to the extensions with regard to each one's length with respect to where it was protruding out of the body of the object.  However, the extensions appeared to be evenly spaced from each other where they protruded from the body.  From the one side of the object that was in view (because it did not rotate), I saw approximately twenty of these extensions evenly spaced around the entire body of the object.  At the very end of each extension was a single light.  The color of these lights were red, blue, green, yellow, and white.  None of the lights were blinking or changing colors or fading out.  All of the lights were steadily on.  When it disappeared from our view we stopped walking.  We stood there stared at where it disappeared over the tree tops in front of us and listened.  There was no noise and the air was still.  Then my neighbor said, What was that?  I said, I don't know.  We continued walking north towards my driveway.  We reached my driveway about two minutes later and turned to walk down it.  My driveway is straight and runs east off of the street with woods on both sides of it.  My house sits about 150 feet down the driveway on the south side.  The driveway continues past my house as a firetrail which deadends about 500 feet further back into the woods.  We had not taken ten steps yet on my driveway walking east when we saw the same object again.  It came into our view in front of us out of the north and was moving to the south.  It moved straight and perpindicular to our path just above the tree tops with a constant speed and horizontal movement, just as we saw it moving two minutes earlier.  The object passed in front of us at the same distance from us as before-about 50 yards.  Again, there was no sound at all.  The object disappeared from our view when it passed just above the tree tops on the south side of the driveway.  I immediate! ly felt as though this object was tracking us.  The speed at which the object was moving when we first saw it from the street did not allow for the time it took us to walk the rest of the distance to the driveway and see it again two minutes later in the same manner and at the same distance in front of us.  The disturbing feeling that we both felt as soon as we saw it the second time was that the object stopped and waited just out of our view from the street until we reached my driveway two minutes later.  That was about nineteen years ago and the two of us have not seen this object a third time.  I am reporting this today because of the recent reporting of the Howell Township, Michigan crop circles.  Howell is now my home town.  I read the local papers about these crop circles.  One article mentioned that there have been several hundred reportings of UFO sightings in the Howell and Brighton area dating from just this month to several decades ago.  I have never visited this web sight before today, but I felt that with all of these reportings in Livingston County, Michigan, I should report what I witnessed in case anyone that reads this may have seen what I saw nineteen years ago and would like to report their witnessing of this object. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.5504578947369;-83.7649263157894
Brighton beam of light.;2011-03-24 00:10:00;3-7 seconds;Brighton beam of light. At approximately 00:10 on March 24th, 2011, the weather was overcast and the ceiling was around 8,000ft.  I witnessed a bright light which seemed like a spotlight from above, the same style which might come from a helicopter, shine in a direct NNE-S trajectory with no sound or other such signals. actual GS coordinates are as follows: 42.527448,-83.706594 to 42.524803,-83.707028 was the visible flight path of suspected aircraft.;42.5504578947369;-83.7649263157894
I'm not sure what exactly it was, but it was just exactly like a star.  ((NUFORC Note:  Star sighting??  PD));2014-06-01 23:40:00;2 minutes;im not sure what exactly it was, but it was just exactly like a star. Okay so here Iam on ore lake having a fire by myself and i just happen to look up above the lake on the edge of my big pine tree, and i see what looks identical to a star just shining in the sky, so I'm watching it and its moving east  for about 2 minutes, I'm staring at it, there are no blinking lights at all like I said same exact color and size as a star that's just shining, eventually it went too far for my eye sight to see anymore and i have very good eye vision. Weird never seen that before, maybee a satellite,  I don't know but it wasn't a plane cause I'm close to the airport so I know what they look like, once again same color and size of a bright star that u would see in the every night sky, its very clear out right now too. ((NUFORC Note:  Star sighting??  PD));42.5504578947369;-83.7649263157894
