Orange glowing sphere moving steadily across the night sky;2007-07-07 01:30:00;3 minutes;Orange glowing sphere moving steadily across the night sky Saturday, 7-7-07 we had a family get-together at my Husband's sister's home on a lake near Brighton Michigan. It was a perfectly clear evening. My husband, his 2 brothers and myself were enjoying a quiet night recalling memories around the campfire and watching for shooting stars. I was gazing off to the South West side of the lake and noticed in the sky an orange glowing sphere moving steadily towards the North East. I didn't know what to think at first. I quickley spoke up and pointed the object out to the others and asked if anyone thought it was an airplane, even though I knew it couldn't be because there was no sound and no flashing lights at all. We got up from our chairs and followed it as it continued on it's swift and steady path. At each angle as it passed, the object did not change shape or color. The color resembled the same orange glow of the embers in our camp fire with the exception that the objects color was a steady and non wavering glow. It's size was considerably larger than any of the many stars that filled the sky and the only sound that we could hear was that of traffic passing on a far off road. After the object disappeared out of sight behind the trees, we returned to the campfire to discuss what we had just witnessed. As we did, 2 airplanes passed over head. We could clearly see the outlines of the wings marked by the multi colored flashing lights and followed by the familiar sound of the airplane's engine. It was obvious to see that the object that had previously passed by did not match in any way or form what we were now seeing. Our evaluations of the event however, remain split. My husband and his older brother were positive that it must have been some type of military stealth jet aircraft of unknown origin flying high in the atmosphere. My second brother-in-law and I, based on what we had seen, thought that it was too unusual to be any kind of jet. In addition, I have witnessed a stealth jet fly over when they retired the Blackbird SR-71 in 1990. It flew over where I used to work in Valencia, California near Lockheed Aircraft, where it was built. The sound of the stealth jet was not evident as it approached, but after it passed the sound was an unmistakable jet engine's roar which could be heard even as it flew straight up and out of sight. What I witnessed last evening was in no way a match to that experience. If this was indeed a military aircraft I am totally impressed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));42.5504578947369;-83.7649263157894
