One Gray metal oval disc, aporx. 10'x50', clear sky,  1 qaurter mile away;1990-10-01 17:00:00;05min;One Gray metal oval disc, aporx. 10'x50', clear sky,  1 qaurter mile away While at work, supervising a crew of apple pickers, myself and a tractor driver was talking about hunting,I was facing to the south east, when the noise of Fedex plane caught my attention, it was flying to Omak from Wenatchee up the columbia river and on the side oppisite to us I could see something flying along with the plane, the plane was aprox. one quarter of a mile away from us, the oval shaped craft was so close to the plane it was partully hidden as I watched the oval craft moved over the top of the plane very slowly the look that came over my face caused the person with me to turn around and look.  At the time he looked the ufo was about ten feet above the fedex plane. He said  What's that one of those Awax planes?  And I said,  If it is it's going to crash because it's falling apart!  As we watched ufo moved over to the side closest to us, at this time the other fellow said  It's one of those ufo,s!  At this time I checked my watch, it was) 5:05p.m. I asked him what it looked like to him, and he said it look like a water tower with no legs. We watched it fly north at the same speed and altitude as the plane all the while slowly moving off to the west of the plane. we watched them both until they dissapered into the distance,they where aprox. one quarter of a mile apart at that time. At that I remmembered a light that woke my wife up a week earlier, she woke me up from the deepest sleep I have ever experinced, she was saying some one was outside, I said it was the irrigators, she said that it was to early, that it was only 03:00 a.m. I said that it was someone out partying, she said that there wasn't any noise. There was light coming through ever window in the house, she said  It's up in sky I said it was the moon. In a frantic voise she said It's moving! I jumped out of bed, ran through the house, I could see light coming in through every window in the house, it was slowly moving in a fashion that seemed up and down, up and down, as I reached the front door the light moved up, and gone, I went out side there was nothing there. this story goes on and on for years,I recent sighting by my son and his girl friend prompted me to subment this report. we now live in Arkasas. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));48.034;-119.9785
