Possible UFO over kingman az;2011-08-04 20:45:00;15-30 mins the first time;Possible UFO over kingman az On the night of august 4 2011 I saw flying lights at around 845 pm in Kingman Arizona. I was driving down the road and I was facing east. I saw 4 strange lights in a weird pattern I decided that something was not right so I knew the road I was on went out into the desert so I went about 5 miles out of town and now there was 8 lights in the sky in different patterns from horizontal lines to rectangles to circles. As soon as I got to the desert there was another car already out there and one soon showed up and then a few minutes later there was 4-5 cars including mine.  Having a truck and it being the desert I went out as far as I could and I go to I would say about 2 miles away.  I was standing lights of and I knew they were not airplanes because they were just sitting there but being so close I also didn’t hear any helicopter noises  I took a bunch of pictures and the last one was when they were in a rectangle and then they started to circle the city it seemed! and then they all started going towards the ground and where most of them flew I knew there was departments so I decided to head out that way and I think I saw one on the ground but as soon as I parked my car a cop seemed to appear out of nowhere and he asked me if I had a problem I responded if I was trespassing and he said I wasn’t and so I started to tell him about the lights and showed him the pictures. He then proceeded to tell me that there are new aircraft that hover and don’t make noise but I haven’t heard of anything like that. I said I should go and he goes good Idea and as I was turning my car around he turned left to go where the lights had seemed to land.  The whole cop thing seemed rather suspicious and it just didn’t feel right I was out in the middle of nowhere and I didn’t even see him coming but take that for what it is worth.  I then went home and looked up the number to call and report I tried calling a couple of times and it was busy and then I started t! o see the lights again this time they were heading south and t! hey were in a horizontal formation I went had gotten gas and that’s when I tried take more pictures and only one came out and it seems really weird. When I was looking at the lights I was able to get through and the person told me to try and get as many people to look and report. I got in my car and started to head south but they just seemed to disappear rather quickly I saw them and then I didn’t see them I tried waiting around but then I had to be somewhere at midnight that is why I am writing the report so late. I will include pics in the email and try and describe them. The lights every time I saw them where just white and they did blink but only sometimes and I didn’t see any other color.;35.1879999999999;-113.83102
A UFO that was hovering outside the town of Kingman, Arizona for about 10 minutes total.  ((NUFORC Note:  Other reports.  PD));2011-08-04 20:45:00;10 minutes;A UFO that was hovering outside the town of Kingman, Arizona for about 10 minutes total. I first witnessed this UFO at about 8:45 p.m. In the beginning there were 4 visible lights.  My cousin and I were driving towards my house when we saw them. Of course we had to detour and get closer to the UFO.  As we drove closer, the lights multiplied until there were 10 visible lights.  They were hovering in an oval formation in a very methodical way.   Then after about 6 or 7 minutes, they started splitting, taking off one by one.  As they split, one to the left then one to the right, they went from having one white light to having the one white light and 2 red lights on each side fairly far apart.   They eventually flew out of sight.  Their white lights were about twice the size of a star but about four times brighter.   The lights were not beaming to the ground.;35.1879999999999;-113.83102
