6 LARGE GLOWING PLASMA ENGINES;2008-11-21 20:00:00;1 min;This is an update to my original report that I made in Nov. 2008, and was removed and I put back up again in 2010.  After looking through my gas and food receipts I was able to pin down the actual time of my sighting, at 8PM, just one mile east of XXX S Blake Ranch Rd, Kingman, AZ 86401-XXXX on the I40. I saw what looked like 6 LARGE GLOWING PLASMA ENGINES flying over my car while driving west, just 15 miles east of Kingman AZ, 11.3 miles as the crow flies, to the Kingman airport. I saw a giant craft that had 6 large rectangle panels on the back end, that were glowing blue white, like plasma engines.  It reminded me of  the “Millennium Falcon from the Star Wars movies.  What first caught my eye was a sparking or flash on the bottom of the craft, as it moved over my car.  Then I saw two rows of 3 large rectangles, of blue white glowing light. Each rectangle appeared to be house size.  They appeared to be at the rear of the craft as it moved away from me. It was amazing how big this looked to me, I said out loud to my self, I hope its one of ours.  It looked like it was about 2000 feet up above me. I could not see the shape of the craft. I was driving almost due West on I40 toward Kingman AZ. I had just passed US93 when I saw the electrical sparks through my windshield to my right.  It was flying along very slow for a jet and it had a ball of light traveling below it near the ground at the same rate of speed. You can see the ball in the first few frames of the video, but it might be a reflection. I grabbed my video camera and while driving started taping.  At the beginning I passed a freeway sign, Blake Ranch Rd. Exit 1 mile. I recorded until just after I pass the exit, the craft was to far away, maybe 4 or 5 miles. It would have passed over or near the Kingman Airport.  Someone should check with them. When I played the tape later in Needles at a gas stop, the time code showed I had traveled one mile in 32 seconds!  No freaking way, I would have had to be going over 100MPH.  I tested the camera and nothing wrong there. I posted the video on YouTube, but its just shaky lights due to being hand held. I also posted this report before but it must have been taken down!  I no longer work for SAIC so I don’t care who know about this report. Originally I didn’t give my name or contact information because I was a contractor with the Navy. I have worked on my video and tried to stabilize the lights the best I can. I will repost it soon. I believe this craft was heading toward Area 51 after researching the angle of the flight and the city lights relative to its direction. I plotted a straight line from my sighting to the base and its direction of travel.;35.1879999999999;-113.83102
