Triangular shape craft with diamond shape lights;2003-08-28 23:00:00;5 minutes;Triangular shape craft with diamond shape lights Driving east on intersate 40 approx 10 miles before Kingman Arizona I saw 2 diamond shape ligths in the sky to the north of us(my wife and 15 year daughter). As I kept driving the ligts kept flying south until they stopped above i40 approx 3 miles east of us. The craft started to ilumminate the road, I could see both sides of the high way ilumminated (east/west bound lanes). As I got closer the craft turned the lights off and started heading west towards us. As it got closer I could see the lights under the craft, nothing I had ever seen before. The lights look like diamond shape and soft yellow, violet and green iluminated from them with a red light in the middle. Triangular was the shape of the craft and could not hear a sound from it. It look like it was just floating in the air. As the craft kept getting closer it started going north west until it disappear in to the trees. I know there were other vehicles comming west and few going east on this Thursday August 28 at about 11:00 pm. and probably saw the same craft in the area. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and he sounded quite convincing and objective to us.  We suspect he is a very good witness.  We would like to hear from other witnesses to the same event.  PD));35.1879999999999;-113.83102
Huge triangular ships( 2) flying over Phoenix, AZ, along with pulsing orbs and fighter jet engagement;2007-07-13 22:30:00;35 minutes;Huge triangular ships (2) flying over Phoenix, AZ along with pulsing orbs and fighter jet engagement My wife and I were driving back from our honeymoon, we were south of Kingman, AZ, and not near any buildings or lights, just dark country road heading south towards Phoenix.   I was driving and my wife says do you see that? and i said see what? and she pointed straight ahead and a bit up and off in the distance by many many miles.  I saw the sky moving, at least that's what it looked like for a second.   I pulled over to the side of the road and we got out of the car.  At first it looked like some lights flying in the same direction but then i realized that a lot of stars were not visible and then visible...something HUGE was flying back and forth across the sky, it was blocking out HUGE swaths of stars at a time.   Then we noticed there were 2 of them!  Triangular in shape, we could see the nose lights of each and they had lights on the ends of the wings.  I can't describe to you how incredibly huge these were.  The ship that was in the lead position was larger than the one behind, but not that much bigger, just a bit.    We watched them fly left to right, back and forth for about 10 or more minutes and basically we couldnt believe what we were seeing.  I went back to the car to turn on the radio to see if anyone was reporting on this, but nothing.    We got back in the car and kept driving even though the ships were still there and flying.  I stopped watching them since i had to drive, but my wife kept looking.  Then she says oh my god.  I am like, what?   She says a bluish-white light just appeared in the sky and they (the ships) vanished.  I was like no way...and i looked where they had been and sure enough, they were gone, just starry sky was there.  Weird.   So we kept driving.  About maybe 5 minutes or so later my wife says there they are again.  I was like jesus...what the hell.   So i stopped again and we got out to see.  Once again the 2 big triangle ships were blotting out most of the sky but this time some kind of orange colored orbs were WAY up in the sky and floating in mid air.  They pulsed in color, yellowish orange, and there were 4 of them spaced out (i could not say how far because i had no spacial references).   Anyways, one of them dropped down lower than the others and appeared to be getting larger, and indeed it was rapidly coming closer to where we were even though it had to still be miles away.  We had our dog with us and he was barking and seemed pretty nervous at this point and i really didnt know what to do.  I thought maybe we should go back to the car but we just kind of decided to stay on the road and watch.   It stopped probably a mile (guessing) from us and was very very low to the ground. Then it hovered a while and went back the way that it came.   Then (sorry this story is so long) we were about to get back in the car when we heard a plane coming from behind us (northeast) and it was moving so fast it had to be a fighter jet, we could see the lights on the plane also even though it was pretty high up in the sky.  It was flying super fast towards! the glowing light orbs and the big triangle ships.   The damnedest thing, we saw the plane fly (from our vantage point) right close to one of the orb things and the plane blew up.  We saw it explode and drop out of the sky in flames but there was no noise, although it was far away and we thought maybe thats why we couldnt hear it explode.   So at this point i am thinking that there is NO way that we are the only ones seeing this whole thing unfold, so again i check all the radio stations but still nothing.   We both were trying to decide if we should keep driving south towards phoenix or stay away...and we decided to keep going.  As we got closer and closer to the city, the lights of the city made it impossible to see anything anymore and that was it.  I don't know what it all was but it was not possible for something that huge to fly like that and i still have no idea what it was.   Thanks for listening.;35.1879999999999;-113.83102
Aircraft w/3 large bright white lights. Lights were shaped like &gt . It was too high to be a commercial airline but as big. Became as;2016-12-09 21:30:00;15 seconds;Aircraft w/3 large bright white lights. Lights were shaped like >.  It was too high to be a commercial airline but as big.  Became as small as a star right before my eyes and just disappeared into the night sky.  There was NOT a red light blinking as a large airplane would have. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.1879999999999;-113.83102
