Overwhelming sound and vibration with no craft visible;2008-06-15 13:00:00;10-15 minutes;Overwhelming sound and vibration with no craft visible Unfortunately, my wife and I did not record the exact time and date of our “sighting”, which was really a “hearing” or “feeling”, as we at no time observed a craft of any kind, not that we didn’t scour the sky to identify what we heard and felt.  The time of day would have been mid-day in June or July of 2008.  We have been hesitant to report this “sighting” as we haven’t heard of any other instances where no actual craft was seen even though the sound and feel of the presence of a craft was unmistakable.  It was either close to noon, or possibly 1:00 PM and we were doing some clearing of our property in the eastern foothills of the Hualapai Mountains, approximately 16 miles east of Kingman, AZ.  Our exact location per GPS was 35 ((deleted))N , 113 ((deleted))W at an elevation of 4,125’. To explain the “sighting” is difficult, as it started out as a noise, which we were used to hearing in that area, as military helicopters, usually in threes, occasionally fly over our property, from west to east.  Having served in the Marine Corps, I am very familiar with this sound and usually stop what I’m doing and locate the choppers in the sky.  This was totally different.  The sound was of something absolutely huge.  We could hear it approaching and stopped what we were doing to locate the “object”.  As it neared, the sound became almost deafening until it became a feeling that literally shook the ground.  I was walking all over the area searching the skies for an object.  When the sound became directly over our heads, it remained for some time, as if hovering.  Our only guess was that whatever it was, it was somehow not visible to the naked eye, or as we assumed, “cloaked”.  At this time, there was no point in moving around, as I had searched every available spot in t! he sky for an object, to no avail.  After what seemed an eternity (actual time in the vicinity of three or four minutes) it seemed to move on, slowly, as it had arrived. To date, we have not heard of any other instances of a “sighting” with no apparent craft observation.  We’d love to hear if anyone else has had this experience, but have no idea where to start.  I’m just very glad that my wife and I shared this experience, as I have not or would not share this experience with anyone else for fear of being considered “whacko”, or prone to over imaginative.  We just had to finally share the information with somebody. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));35.1879999999999;-113.83102
After my sighting last night, I am convinced there is an Intelligence  way ahead of our time!;2010-10-03 00:00:00;15min.;After my sighting last night, I am convinced there is an Intelligence  way ahead of our time! At 0:00 I WAS Star watching!  I observed What appeared to be a star,all of sudden it darted , dead still to a very fast speed for approximately two miles!Instantaneously it reveresed it's direction back to its original postion it stayed in it,original postion. A commercial Jet came along right under it!I would estimate the jet liner 5000 feet below the UFO was dead still at this time!Shortly it started roving the sky around it's original postion all of sudden it turned on a very wide violet colored spot light and continued roving the area around it,s original postion for a couple of minutes.then rain clouds overcame my view!After that I couldn't see anything!I would approximate the Star looking UFO was 15 to 25 miles away when this phenomenon occured!!!I wouldn't bet, but I would guess the alttitude to be around thirty five thousand feet!;35.1879999999999;-113.83102
Driving into work I saw a sudden bright blue light almost like lighting over the mountains behind the airport. At first I thought it wa;2016-06-02 03:56:00;10 seconds;Driving into work I saw a sudden bright blue light, almost like lighting over the mountains behind the airport.   At first, I thought it was lighting but it lasted too long and there was no thunder afterwards.  Plus, the others that saw it said something had crashed, but there was no sound.  ((word deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Object reported by the news as a probable meteor.  We agree.  See photos of smoky trail left high in the sky above Arizona.  PD));35.1879999999999;-113.83102
Wintessed what appeared to be 2 satellites in tandem--then later--odd grouping of flickering lights;2016-11-05 19:00:00;30-35 minutes;Witessed what appeared to be 2 satellites in tandem--then later--odd grouping of flickering lights Two incidents-same night 5 Nov  2016 beginning approx. 1855hrs (PST) I was sitting in my driveway, with a (roughly) 1/3 moon in the south western sky at around 45 degrees in the sky, which was/is quite clear and free of clouds. Many nights, I sit out looking at the stars, moon and planets—I’ve been doing this for decades (I am 53).  In the past year I acquired a good pair of binoculars, Zeiss 15x60 that are excellent for observing.  I was curious if I would witness any meteors tonight, so I had the binoculars hanging from my neck, was leaning back, just letting my eyes adjust to the dark.  I had my eyes closed for brief a few moments, maybe a minute to give them a rest—when I opened them I was looking up at about 80 degrees, looking south when I saw what I automatically assumed was a satellite (a common sight at night—I have seen as many as 6-9 in a couple hours.)  This time was different—it was not one, but two—that seemed to be moving in tandem.  The one further west was ahead by a few degrees, but there were certainly two, traveling together.  I raised the binoculars to look for any possible detail that might identify them as just high flying aircraft.  I observed no flashing lights, just somewhat steady, white light, that faded as the hurriedly traveled southwest-toward and past where the moon was in the sky. This was the first time I’ve witnessed two, so I rationalized this may have been two very, very high and fast moving military aircraft (I discounted any idea that these were civilian aircraft)—that would be illogical to assume they were civilian as civilian aircraft are nearly always commercial in nature, and fly to make money. 2nd incident Roughly 30 minutes later I was sitting in the same spot just outside my garage door facing south.  I was looking directly overhead into the dark sky looking for a satellite to pass.  At 1925 hrs (PST) I observed a faint moving light, extremely high in the sky that I identified as a satellite moving directly south.  I brought my binoculars to bear on the object and observed it moving rapidly, the field of stars in the background clearly visible. I did this for maybe 10 seconds and as it passed through a field of stars I noticed what first appeared to be flickering lights/stars just to the east by maybe 1 degree.  I stopped following the satellite as that appeared fairly routine but focused on the flickering lights.  What struck me was these lights were not moving quickly—they in fact appeared stationary in the sky (as compared to surrounding stars)—I have seen countless aircraft at night—they are easy to identify—usually almost always you can see 2-3 lights, 1 green, 1 red on either wingtip—sometimes if low enough you can see steady lights from the fuselage-this group of lights—flickering faintly, appeared to not fit this pattern at all. I kept watching the group of lights for well over a minute—they did move—slightly, and slowly—but there was no uniformity or consistency to it.  I compared it to what you witness when you see artillery or even lighting far in the distance.  No sound, random sudden brightness with no real pattern-purely random.  Like I say, the light “pattern” moved but was very high, much higher than I am used to seeing flying aircraft-and as mentioned aircraft lights flicker or blink as well as appear steady as they move across the sky.  On a clear night you can even see contrails—none of this applied to these ‘lights’.  I even remarked to myself that it appeared to be a moving battle---but in the atmosphere.  Very high up in the atmosphere. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hello Mr. Davenport—I was reading your announcement on the NUFORC website about looking out for hoaxes etc—just wanted to clarify that mine was not.  My sighting/report was from 4 Nov out of Kingman AZ.  I just didn’t feel like an interview-but it was legit—and actually surprising, as I was just casually observing that night through my binoculars, and was simply surprised at what I saw.  ((END ADDENDUM));35.1879999999999;-113.83102
