V shaped light pattern with five white & one green light, very large, flying very low, moved due West.;2017-01-26 18:30:00;7 seconds;V shaped light pattern with five white & one green light, very large, flying very low, moved due West. over my house towards Stepped outside to back porch between 6:30 and 7ish pm on Wed 1/25 (could've been 1/26 but I think it was Wed). It was dark but the porch light was on. I looked up at the sky to see the stars and when I looked to my left (East) I saw a V shaped light pattern moving in a due West direction, directly over head.  It looked to be very low and very large (I could see it between the roof line of the house and the tree branches which normally, if I see a plane, it's 100 times smaller).  I could hear an engine but it wasn't near as loud as when planes go over head at a lower altitude (Richmond airport is about 15 miles from us).  It proceeded to my right (West) and then went out of sight over the tree tops. There were five white lights...one in the center at the point of the V and two to each side and there was one green, small light behind the V shape but further back than the tips of the V. I called my husband out and he got there in time to see it flyin! g away and fading out of sight but he did see it. Since we heard an engine, we thought it was a B-52 Stealth or some kind of very large military plane. But, we have seen a Stealth and they make hardly any sound at all so I don't think that was it. And this was so low that I truly expected to hear on the news that a military plane had crashed in the mountains near Charlottesville, VA (which was the direction it was heading). There is an airport in C-ville but I wouldn't imagine a huge military plane landing there since it's a very small airport. I don't know what we saw but we really don't think it was a plane. What made me start looking on the internet to see if anyone else had reported anything was because a day or so later, up until last week, we had tons of military chopper activity going back and forth. We are close to DC and a couple of military bases so we get training ops flying overhead every once in a while. But not usually this much activity.;37.489508405797;-77.4145866666669
