Narrow mostly rectangle shape with single file lights seen in southeastern sky and then just gone like switch flipped.;2018-06-01 01:00:00;6-8 minutes +/-;Narrow mostly rectangle shape with single file lights seen in southeastern sky and then just gone like switch flipped. Sometime around 12:30-1:30 a.m., I observed a strange lit shape in the sky.  I’m not really sure of the time because I was out on the deck after being awaken by a storm brewing  and was intent on getting things secured on my back deck.  It could have been as late as 2:00 a.m. but I know I had gone back to bed/asleep and then up again at 3:00 a.m. for a bathroom trip.  It wouldn’t be before 12:30 as Perry Mason that I watch at 11:30 p.m. EST was off.  The day (Thursday) prior had cleared off to sunny clear skies in the late afternoon so I was surprised to be awakened by all the thunder and lightning though it wasn’t raining yet.  I could tell there was a fair amount of wind and I wanted to check if I had lowered my umbrella in case it got worse.   After making sure all was secure, I was standing at the rail marveling at the cool breeze that felt heavenly after days of sticky humidity.  It was then that I looked up and noticed there were still very large bright pat! ches of open dark sky with the imposing clouds all around those clear sections.  My deck faces straight out towards southwest with no trees, or structures anywhere  to block my view in all directions.  I was standing at my deck rail looking out sorta southeast towards the end of the deck - observing the clouds and large open areas and looking for any stars. I was also wondering if the lightening was getting bad enough that maybe I should go in.  That was when I saw way up where planes would normally be spotted, a narrow rectangle shape with 3 bright lights single file down the length though there might have been a 4th and the lights appeared to be circular but being so far away couldn’t be sure. I thought it looked a little strange however, our area’s major airport is located over in the eastern part of Henrico county. At first glance, I figured it was a plane though it didn’t look like other planes or helicopters I had seen at night. They usually have a flashing light(s) ! and you can see the wing lights but nothing like this was seen! - just the single file lights. I did see in lightening flashes a faint maybe triangle outline but really not sure. One flash I would see it, the next not, and again nothing like a plane or helicopter.  The sky was pretty bright - maybe the moon had been out but was now under the clouds.  Honestly, I didn’t think about  looking for the moon and it’s location  until I was back inside and the shape was gone.  Anyway I kept looking and it didn’t seem to be moving at all but then a few sorta short slow jerky movements upwards/forward but nothing like a plane makes so I started thing of a helicopter again maybe in a holding observation pattern. And the movement was so quick without any discernible distance - not sure if it really moved or shook - there was just some sort of change.  I thought about a weather ballon but that didn’t seem to be the case either. I even thought of maybe a plane in a holding pattern but they circle in a wide pattern and you can tell they are moving. This lit s! hape wasn’t moving forwards, backwards or circling.  I was keeping watch on the cloud movement along with the object’s position relative to me and the garage next door.  I kept watching for a few minutes - it was in a very open part of the sky, and I took my eye off the sky for just a second to smack at a mosquito, when I looked back up it had disappeared - no lights or shape anywhere.  There hadn’t been any sounds other than the storm.  However,  earlier I had heard plane sounds as is normal here day and night. The airport is about 30-40 minutes up the highway.  And quite often I watch them at night (while sitting on the deck) flying to and from the airport or circling - I had never seen anything quite like this before in terms of being there and then just as quick gone.  It was like they flipped a switch and the lights were turned off.   The sky was too clear and open for it to pass behind a cloud.  If it had done that, it would have come back into view and it didn’t but ! there weren’t any clouds where it was located.  I have seen we! ird ligh ts in the sky before but have always been able to figure that they were probably a plane or helicopter.  But this was different and I have never made a report, and in fact,  I don’t follow UFO stuff at all. However,  like many folks, you wonder if we are here -what keeps other “beings” from being out and about.  There is probably a likely explanation, but found this site looking to see if anyone else saw it.  Don’t want to be contacted, or any personal information to be used nor to be added to any other mailing lists etc.  Just wanted to report it in case someone else saw something similar at the same time and area.;37.489508405797;-77.4145866666669
