Super bright light on bottom of craft moving very fast with no sound at all;2010-04-28 21:30:00;1 min 30sec;Super bright light on bottom of craft moving very fast with no sound at all I was outside smoking a cigarette looking in the sky there were a few planes in the distance toward Dallas tx.  Any and all planes I've ever saw have strobes or red light or both. I live in the country outside of town so planes never fly over my house at all unless they are rerouted due to a storm is the only time I've ever seen them fly over. Anytime a plane flys over me I will hear it after it passes. Delay in sound. I have also spotted sattellites before.  They look like a star way out above the atmosphere moving slowly across the sky.  Ok what I witnessed was neither a plane nor satellite looking whatsoever.  I was in my backyard facing south towards Dallas tx when to the southwest of me maybe gainsville tx area a bright light moving towards me caught my attention.  My first thought was a that's deffinatly not a plane. I immediatly thought a satellite.  Well it was moving very fast and as it became closer I notice it was not very high in the sky and it was to bright to be a satellite.  It actually passes right over my house. Well when I first see it it's to my southwest ,passes over my house I run around the side of my house And it's now heading away from me now because it had flew over my house but was heading northeast the whole time. It's was flying lower than a commercial airline.  As it went over my house the light was very bright.  It was a clear night with the moon shining.  I don't wanna say for sure but when it was directly above me it seemed to be a circle or triangular shaped craft but the light on bottom made me unsure exactly what shape it was.  The only reason I saw a bit of a shape for a second was because of the moonlight and position Of the craft at that moment.  There was absolutly no sound whatsoever from it.  From the time I spotted it to the time it went over my house and flew totaly out of site took only a minute to a minute and a half.  It happened about 4 hrs before I wrote this. I hope someone else saw it or it can be explained.  It pretty well traveled across the whole sky in 1 min 30 sec. I've sat and watched aiplanes fly for sometimes 5 to 10 minutes before I can't see them a! nymore and we are talking about planes in the distance with blinking lights.  I am 99% sure it was not a plane we k ow of or a satellite flying across the sky in our atmosphere.  I'd say it was approximatly 10,000 to 15,000 feet from the ground. I jus hope more comes of it becuz it was only 4 hrs ago. I know that there had to be others around here that saw it I jus don't know yet. I am buying a video camera now jus because this incedent hoping to get film of an event like this if I ever see this again but I doubt it. As soon as I saw it I hollered in the house to two of my friends and they came outside and witnessed it but they were not very interested.  They just said it looked strange because they thought planes had blinking lights and not jus one big bright light facing the ground.  The way it was moving was also strange it seemed to speed up then slow down then speed up again.  It didn't move slowly across the sky like a plane nice and steady it was more jagged like it could! jus take off and be gone in the blink of an eye if it wanted  to.  VERY STRANGE.  Anyways I probly sound crazy and I'm tired of talkin about it because I can't do anything about it and I have no proof other than 2 witnesses and myself. Hopefully someone else witnessed it and maybe they have it on radar.  Well that's about all I can say for now thank you;33.999161983471;-96.3752785123969
Two white lights converge on location, seem to be connected by invisible object, was elongated for a few short seconds, then dissapears;2014-07-12 22:00:00;10 seconds;Two white lights converge on location, seem to be connected by invisible object, was elongated for a few short seconds, then dissapears Walking to the store i thought i heard a helicopter, the sound disapated approximetly 10 seconds later, I look up into the sky to see two white lights, they appeared to be coneccted together, the first was flying extremely fast it then came to a sudden stop, the second 1 soon followed.   It was as if it was a single ship coming out of what appeared to be somekind of warpdrive?  the space between the two objects seemed as if it was emitting somekind of invisiblity cloak.   The lights soon converged into one location in the sky then almost instantly flew away.;33.999161983471;-96.3752785123969
