Photo of an orange, egg shaped light, moving in a constant deliberate manner on a south to north course near Centralia, Washington.;2012-10-14 12:50:00;15 minutes;Photo of an orange, egg shaped light, moving in a constant deliberate manner on a south to north course near Centralia, Washington. At around 12:45 am last night I got out of bed to go to the bathroom Approximately 5 minutes later I returned to my bedroom and got into bed and saw an orange glow on the wall opposite of the window and i noticed that the blinds had an orange light behind them which i thought was odd because that window doesn't look out to a street but a yard, garage and another house.  I looked out the blinds and couldn't see where the glow was coming from at first because it was obscured by the house and tree next door. So I stood up on the bed to see if I could see it better out of the top of the blinds and I could then see what looked to me like a fuzzy bright orange ball which I thought at first was just hovering. It was about the size of a dime held at arms length and to my eyes had no defined edge. Just bright, fuzzy and it looked odd, not like a plane's landing lights, a satellite (too big) or the international space station (again too big). I noticed it was slowly moving from right to left.. I was trying to figure out what it might be. It moved in a very slow, deliberate and steady way. It was kind of windy out so I do not think it was a chinese lantern because it did not flicker and the light seemed almost directional in nature. like as if it were a bright orange spotlight. I watched it for about 10 minutes before I thought to go get my iPhone to take a picture of it. I held the iphone steady and snapped a photo. When I did it was a little disappointing as it didn't seem like much of anything  on the iPhone's screen. It just looked like an orange light in the sky. My iPhone is a 3g so its camera is not sensitive enough to pick up stars or bright planets even. Also as I stated, the object was moving, slowly right to left across my field of view and rose at a very shallow angle of maybe 15 to 20 degrees before it was obscured by the  trees in the yard  and out of my field of view. It was hard to tell at night but it did not seem to be coming towards me or moving away from me but rather kept a steady course about equally distant from me at all points. The light did not flicker, brighten or dim. It was constant. I watched for another 20 minutes to see if it returned or if anything else would appear before going to sleep. My window looks South-East and the light was moving from south to north. This morning when I looked at the photo on my computer I noticed that the camera captured it as egg shaped, though my eyes could not see a shape (it just looked like a bright fuzzy orange ball to my eyes). Also you can see the edge of the window to the left slightly being lit up by the light. I live in a very quiet neighborhood and can hear planes without my window open. I never hear planes at night and I opened the window and couldn't hear a sound shortly after a took the picture I've attached to this report. All I could hear was the wind.;46.725;-122.9677
