High Speed light vanishes on clear night;2009-08-03 23:00:00;10 sec;High Speed light vanishes on clear night Traveling from North to South was a single, solid white light that suggested a high altitude object such as a plane.  It was night and the light bright, no suggestion of shape or configuration of the craft was possible.  The speed of the light was many times faster than a normal planes speed, it traveled in a straight line. The remarkable thing about this was that as i watched this high speed light for approx 7-8 sec, it faded away into nothing.  This was a clear night, no clouds, the object was just past its apex flying across my field of vision, and it just went out.  Not like the light was turned off, but dimmed, took approx 2 sec to disappear. Possible factors: 45 south of McCord AFB and Fort Lewis.  Directly between Seattle and Portland airports (lots of air traffic). ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));46.725;-122.9677
A strange moving star straight up in the night sky appears every night.;2013-08-18 19:30:00;4:30 am;A strange moving star straight up in the night sky appears every night. Since the night of August 18,2013, I have come outside at night around 930 pm (right after the sun completely sets) and looked at the clear night sky with all the stars.  I love to watch the satellites as well as catching a glimpse of the International Space Station move over head. Every night, while looking straight up, I've noticed what looks like to a star, except this star will move slightly in either direction, sometimes circling around and going the opposite direction, then coming to a dead stop.  It never darts across the sky but moves either at a quicker pace or very slow in either direction.  I know this is NOT a satellite, not a meteor, not a passing plane.  This star will move across the night sky with time as the other stars do but continues to change direction very slightly in either direction.  It moves enough so that if you focus on something else close to it, you can tell it is definitely moving on its own.  It does not pulse or twinkle.  It makes no sound.  I could not clearly tell if it was emitting anything.;46.725;-122.9677
Bright red light during the night over Centralia, Washington.;2014-06-02 02:04:00;5 minutes;Bright red light during the night over Centralia, Washington Monday June 2nd, 02:04 in the morning, in Centralia, Washington.  The weather conditions were clear at this time.    I was standing on the front porch of my house, which faces to the North.  I happened to look to the west and I saw a bright red light traveling at a slow rate of speed in a downward trajectory, almost as if it were coming straight at me.  Then it seemed to level off and made very subtle movements left to right, almost unnoticeable. The object continued to travel in a easterly direction and no longer towards me.  The brightness of the light never gained or lost brightness as one would expect of an airplane traveling in the night sky.  Also there was no sound coming from this object that was traveling at an altitude that normal aircraft would fly at.  I can not say how high up in the sky it was, as it was night and my ability to judge distance is not as good as it would be during the day.  But if I had to guess, I would say that it was at a height of maybe 5,000 to 7,000 feet, but that is only a guess. As this object was now traveling in and easterly direction it started to make a slow arc to the South East, and began to travel over my house.  I watched the object and I noticed that the color and brightness of the light did not dim or change one bit as it passed over my location, as one would expect with a normal aircraft.  I continued to watch the object and after it passed over my house it traveled for a bit more then seemed to stop and not move one bit. I ran into the house at this time and tried to find something that I could take a picture with, realizing that I did not have time to do this I went back outside.  The time I was in the house was maybe less the 30 seconds.  The object was no where to be seen. I have good visibility around my house so I would have been able to see it traveling had it started to move again.  The rate of speed that it had been traveling had been slow as if it were a helicopter, not fast at all.  I looked and looked all around bout could not find it again. I am sure I will never see anything like this again in my life and I wish I had had the ability to film it.  I have been around aircraft all my life.  I have flown myself, and my father was a pilot, with an A & P license.   My uncle had flown all his life, and was the founder of the Fire Mountain Squadron of the Civil Air Patrol here in Lewis county, and also my mother's husband had retired from the Air Force and had flown with the Thunderbird's after Viet-Nam.   I was in the Army and have flown in numerous helicopters.;46.725;-122.9677
Small group of colored lights, red, green, yellow, hovering in a bobbing around motion above horizon.;2014-09-14 22:20:00;10 minutes;Small group of colored lights, red, green, yellow, hovering in a bobbing around motion above horizon. Unidentified flying object sighting:  At approximately 22:20 on September 14, 2014, I stepped out the door of my computer room, which faces the west, in order to see if I could see any Northern Lights.  I did not see them. A small group of colored moving lights caught my eye.  It was approximately due west of my house in Centralia and just above the horizon, which in this case is a hill known as Cooks Hill.  The lights were just above the hill, probably at around 15 – 20 degrees elevation from a true level horizon. The light was bobbing around in one area and not moving in any one direction.  I watched for about five minutes and then went to get my binoculars.  With the binoculars, it was more clearly about four lights.  They were positioned with a green light at the top, then perhaps two red lights in the middle, and another green light at the bottom.  There was also the typical yellow light amongst them but it was hard to hold the binoculars steady so that there was some jiggling of the object.  The small area covered by the lights would be about the size of the full moon.  The yellow, red and green lights, in size and brightness, were much the same as airplane lights in size and brilliance.  But if they were from an airplane it was not going anywhere.  I watched for about ten minutes, total, and the small group of lights just bobbed around, up and down, side to side, much as a fishing bobber that was being dangled above the water but not in it.  I could hear no sounds of an aircraft. When I went to turn on my computer at 22:29, in those few seconds, the object(s) was gone. It could possibly have been a helicopter but the prolonged bobbing around motion in the same spot does not seem like a practical explanation.   The area over and beyond Cook’s Hill is mostly wooded but with homes along the rural Cook’s Hill Road.  When I last looked at the area of the sighting, at 23:00, they had not reappeared.;46.725;-122.9677
Bright light explodes then disappeared.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible flare from an Iridium satellite?  PD));2015-05-25 23:40:00;30 seconds;Bright light &quotexplodes&quot then disappeared On June 25, 2015, at approximately 11:40 PM, my boyfriend and I were standing on the balcony of The Great Wolf Lodge hotel looking east.  The sky was completely clear and I noticed that even though we were in a populated area that more stars were visible in Centralia than at home in Everett.   As we were admiring the stars I pointed to a moving light.  I thought it was a satellite moving from the South to the north but just as I said, “Hey, look it’s a satellite,” it suddenly “flamed up” got extremely bright then disappeared out of sight.  Almost as though a rocket engine had engaged.  Not exactly sure what it was.  Very well could have been a satellite and we just got lucky and saw it burn up in the atmosphere.   Wasn’t going to report but I haven’t been able to get it off my mind since. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible flare from an Iridium satellite?  PD));46.725;-122.9677
Right after the sun goes down,lights appear in sky towards the W. I used camara on phone.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus and Jupiter?  PD));2015-06-15 21:30:00;Ongoing;Right after the sun goes down,lights appear in sky towards the west.  I used camara on phone to look at lights and they continuously move about never staying in one spot for very long.  These same lights have been there for over week now.  I videotaped them whith phone camara.  They don't move unless you see them on screen of phone camara.  Have videotaped lights being shot out rear of the lights.  I can see lights better with phone camara.  Have  taken numerous pictures of lights moving so fast they change course and flash different colors. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus and Jupiter?  PD));46.725;-122.9677
They are still moving.  Different directions.  Coming from different ways.  They look like moving stars.;2016-07-28 22:00:00;Hours;They are still moving.  Different directions.  Coming from different ways.  They look like moving stars.;46.725;-122.9677
19:10 Sunday night I saw what looked like a bright planet in the sky.   I  assessed the brightness of other objects in the sky because;2020-02-02 19:10:00;30 minutes;19:10 Sunday night I saw what looked like a bright planet in the sky.   I  assessed the brightness of other objects in the sky because this looked too bright. I checked to see if it was moving and found it was stationary. I had to run an errand so dismissed it.   Upon returning I looked again and found it was gone which wasn't right if it were a planet.  I surveyed the sky and saw a bright light due west of my location, moving toward me I thought until I realized it was growing smaller and actually moving up and away from me in a straight launch angle in a west southwest vector until it left the atmosphere, I assume. It disappeared in a matter of seconds. It was completely silent throughout the observation.;46.725;-122.9677
Big orange light in the night sky.;2020-02-23 21:00:00;5-15 minutes;Big orange light in the night sky. That night around 9 pm I went out to my car to grab my charger. I looked up and saw a orange light in the sky. I thought it was a bit weird because it didn’t look like a plane it was one orange light in the sky that was kind of big in size but not huge. You could clearly tell it was not a plane. The orange light began to brighten and then dim, like it was slowly pulsing but it stayed orange the whole time, never changing colors.  I yelled for my relative to come and take a look to confirm what I was seeing but while they were trying to get outside the light pulsed one last time and then seemed to just fade away and it was gone.  I have been looking at the sky around the same time for 3 weeks now and have not seen it again.  But I do know it was not a airplane or a helicopter, the light was orange like a pumpkin orange and it was a big singular light in the sky.;46.725;-122.9677
Yellowish Orange Light over Centralia, Wa;2020-08-16 03:57:00;30 minutes;Yellowish Orange Light over Centralia, Wa To be honest, I don't believe it was an Alien type of UFO, just a UFO in the broadest sense.  It is quite bright (2x brightness of Jupiter).  The speed was very slow.  Not a satellite, or plane/helicopter.  Path was South to North, passing roughly 3 degrees over Moon.  Possible unknown small comet, or asteroid?  No visible Tail  Lost sight after passing trees and buildings.;46.725;-122.9677
