((HOAX??))  Flaming eyeball floats across the horizon then a glow in sky makes a streak above us in a 60* angle;1998-03-15 22:30:00;20 min;Flaming eyeball floats across the horizon then a glow in sky makes a streak above us in a 60* angle I have never told anyone of this sighting other than my wife. The exact date is unknown to my memory, but it took place in late 97 or early 98. In those days I drank and abused soft drugs.  As I and my friend were under the age of 21 and our parents did not condone this type of activity, we participated in a classic American teenage ritual known as “road tripping” where you drive around all evening drinking and listening to music. One place in particular where we liked to stop was at a small tree nursery off the Iola black top between Farina and Iola IL.  The truck was facing east.  We liked to stop there because it was out of the way and it was very unlikely, if not impossible for any John Q law types to be patrolling, or concerned with.  It was here that our route, which started west of St. Peter IL, reached its’ intermission.  This means, it is where we finished half of the case of beer and always felt the need to peak the buzz w/ soft drugs in the form of a, marijuana joint.  The custom with my friends was if you couldn’t roll a J then you had to break it up. It was a winter month in 1997 at 22:00 to 23:00 hrs, when my friend completed his task of preparing enough marijuana for a joint.  He then presented it to me to roll.  I took the plate and all my concentration was on the rolling process.   Just as I am finishing my task I hear him belt out “what the f/’ was that” I look up off of the plate but see nothing.  My friend was a nice guy, but always had a reputation for pulling our legs or being reckless with the truth. What was what I asked?  He said “you didn’t see that?” see what I asked? He was some what hysterical and clearly not acting for a gag or joke. A big f/’ing flaming eyeball just floated by. I laugh and give him some pretty heavy static.  He said “no way man not this time a big f’.ing flaming eye ball just floated by it zipped this way and then slowly floated across the horizon.  I still look at him like he is crazy “bullshit,” I said.  He continued with his rants of the flaming ball or “eyeball” flooded with the heavy use of superlatives. I by this time have finished the joint giving him more shit saying the weed wasn’t that good and so on.  I never saw the first sighting that he did but soon learned he was clearly telling the truth. I left the tree nursery and turned left on the Iola blacktop back towards Farina IL.  Just after the turn onto the blacktop as if whatever it was could hear the shit I was laying on my friend, we both see a glow way out in the stars above us. It happened in slow motion, like a car wreck but was instantaneous, because I only had started pointing at it. There was no time to say do you see that, but we both could not take our eyes off of the glowing reddish, purplish, aura, that was way out there, like a star itself, kind of spinning or flickering.  In the same instant it was glowing and we were looking at it. It streaked from that fixed point right over us off to the right in an acute angle it seemed to remain in the sky but didn’t, like the shutter speed of the mind was slower than what happened. It made an acute angle and nothing made by man could do what we saw.  I never saw a craft per-say but the effect of one. The streak it made was elongated in blue red and finally yellow it made an acute angle roughly 60* and again, it was instantaneous.  We both were speechless “now do you f*(%ing believe me”  he yelled.  I stated that two people could not experience the same graphic hallucination. The government might have experimental craft but nothing could defy physical natural law like what we saw.  “No f*#ing shit” he said definitely an unidentified object.  We both clearly agreed it was not of the material realm we are apart of, because it did not observe physical laws. He wanted to tell the other friends when we got back to town.  I made him rationalize that people already had an opinion of him as a bullshitter, and I didn’t want to be perceived as crazy, or a liar seeking attention, so I told him if he told any one I would kick his ass. He and I had a falling out but I have never told anyone what we saw that clear winter night.   I was instantly transformed from curious skeptic to believer on that night.  Since, doing pot and drinking and driving are illegal, I knew this story would never be taken seriously anyway. However, the sighting was very real. It made me think about the possibility of inter-dimensions rather than linear travel of them they it or whatever. Due to the way it was there for him, and then way out there like beyond the distance of the moon and instantly over us and so forth. Thank you for your time this is no joke or hoax. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));38.8431;-88.7633
