BRIGHT CIRCULAR UFO THAT HOVERS OVER CARLTON COUNTY MINNESOTA;2001-08-18 22:30:00;5 minutes;BRIGHT CIRCULAR UFO THAT HOVERS OVER CARLTON COUNTY MINNESOTA I was driving north east with a friend from the Barnum fair on a Sunday evening.  We took the Mattawa exit from I35 and were headed due east.  The road probably is about 3-5 miles long until it meets another paved road at an intersection.  Anyways, we were both chatting about the fair and in a relaxed state, when I noticed due east in the sky above a large brilliant bright light.  My friend assumed it was venus, but it looked so low and to big to me.  I drove straight on the same road and we stared at it for about 2 miles straight.  Then I stopped at the stop sign and was preparring to take a left as it is the route home, and just as I stopped the Circle began to move due north across the sky, it moved quicker than a plane, and was such a bright light.  It's motion was not jerky however, it moved very quickly and fluidly to our left (north) and after 5 seconds we lost site of it due to large pines in our obstructing our view.  I looked at my friend and he looked at me like did we really just see that.  I then took the turn left, and drove on the road towards Finks Berry Farm, and on the way we still couldnt see the circle until we drove about a half mile on the road to where the trees end and a large open vield is present.  I slowed down immediatley cause to our suprise the circle was suspended over the field and looked relativly closer and lower than previously.  It remained in sight for at least 5 seconds, because once again we looked at eachother in amazement, and then back at the circle.  Suddenly the brilliantly light object shut off its lights, much like a  flash light, it was light the light sucked in quickly to a focal point, and I could still faintly make out the structure as it was a very stary night.  We both talked later and agreed that after it's lights we're cut off we could still make the outline of a metallic object reflecting light from the heavens, we saw the body of the craft/or whatever it was,, for less than 5 seconds, and then it was gone.  I didn't see it move or anything, it was! like th e lights went out, but we could still make out the outline of it, and then suddenly that just disappeared.  It was the strangest thing in the world and I still am fixed on learning what the hell it was.  I havent seen any strange objects in the night sky since, and I don't know if I want too.  Me and my pal talked about here and there throughout the school year, and our conversation always consisted of man I'm glad you were with, and we know what we saw and we can collaborate that it was real.  We also both agree that what we saw was not a shooting star, because it moved slower than that and it hovered..... It was so odd, I just wish I had a camera on me, but it seems like things like this happen when we're off guard.  Just some quick facts about the area where we saw the UFO.  The carlton county area is a farm area, with many cows and other barn yard animals.  It is an extremely rural area, with woods and some rolling hills, but mainly flat.  Me and my friend also realized that the point in the sky where we first caught sight of this bright light was in a due line with the road.  Interesting thing about this is that at the intersection where I stopped, the craft was roughly a quarter mile ahead of us, and before it moved it was positioned directly over a dirt road in an abandoned area.  See the road is paved in all directions at the intersection except east, or in other words right in front of us.  This is important I believe because there are cattle farms and an abundance of dear near the area.  I'd like to say what we saw was an illusion, but damnit it just wasn't, I know what I saw and so does my pal, and for the rest of my life I will never forget that night.;46.5213;-92.6238
