was it a slient stacker looking to land?;2001-03-30 01:12:00;10 mins;was it a slient stacker looking to land? On this date my wife and I were in the process of moving to the country. I had to run to our new place to take a few things over while she and my daughter atayed home. I was taking in the woods around us and looking at the field across the road. I heard a sound which was soft and different from other noises which a person would hear in this area. The sound seem to increase slowly and I was trying to see where it would be coming from and light appeared from no where. I was wondering if it was a air craft of some kind searching with a spotlight. When the sound was over head I seen these two shape triangle shape images or craft whichever it should be moving very slow. I was alarmed and there was no phone to call anyone because our new phone wasn't hooked up yet. Well, I was afraid and did not know what to do. Go to the car and get out of the area ? well I went inside on the trailer and watch there where color lights also red, light blue and a off white dusty light which was scanning the ground across the road. It seemed forever but as soon as they started to desend they quickly went. It looked like a burst of energy but the sound was soft but a tone louder. I did not report it to any offical because of being made a fool out of. I do not drink, I do not do drugs and do not smoke. I know what I saw and that will never leave me.;40.228;-76.1159
Large triangle shape object witnessed at two locations in the same night.;2007-06-18 23:00:00;35-40 minutes;Large triangle shape object witnessed at two locations in the same night. I am a truck driver and as I was driving west toward Harrisburg i seen a bright glowing red object in the sky on the south side of the moon Opposite of the north star. The object appeared to be a star and was visible for over 30 minutes. As I watched the object as i traveled it began to get closer and closer and i realized it wasnt mars or a star or planet. It then began to change from red to white so I reached for my phone to call my girlfriend and as it started to ring the object sped up changed directions and dissapered. I kept traveling westbound and approxemently 15 minutes later i went to check my driver side mirror and in the clearing hovering low over the ground was a large triangle shaped object with 3 solid lights. I did not witness the object after that.;40.228;-76.1159
Triangular UFO hovering over Lancaster, PA.;2013-01-17 21:45:00;5 minutes;Triangular UFO hovering over Lancaster, PA On January 17 2013 at approx. 9:45 pm EST my boyfriend and I were driving home from my work on North Reading Road when we both saw what we assumed to be a weird airplane hovering in the sky.  We drove down a different road to get in closer to the craft.  We got almost directly underneath it when we realized that this was not an airplane but dark metallic colored triangular shaped flying object. It did not make any noise and was hovering over the development.  It then made a sharp and very fast manuever over to the right, slowed its pace for a bit and the shot off into the distance.  Within seconds it appeared to be miles away!  It had to white lights on the upper corner and on the bottom right corner, with one red light in the middle.;40.228;-76.1159
