My First Daylight  UFO;2000-05-15 13:45:00;10 minutes;My First Daylight  UFO my buddy and i were taking a break in the afternoon.  We both worked at the galleria.  It was kind of an over cast day with sunlight.  The clouds were towards the north east.   We were talking like we usually do when I noticed something in the sky.  I said to my buddy look up there and pointed.  I said to him what the hell is that.  not in an alarming sense but just curiousity.  I happened to swear a lot at the time.  we botth watched it for about maybe 8 minutes.  then it moved a lot closer and fast. Based on watching  helicopters from the local national guard unit  and also watching airplanes flying to and from the local airport, I had and idea of the relative altitudes those vehicles flew at. and also how long it took to get from one point in the sky to another at their respectful altitudes.   Well  this thing  was flying higher than a helicopter.  but not as high as an airplane.  It was maybe flying at 2 times the height of a typical helicopter flight.  Anyways it covered a distance of maybe 5 to 8 miles in about a second.  Oh before it moved closer it was just sitting there.  anyways,  I said ((deleted)) and my buddy said damn!.  we never saw anything move that fast in our lives.  We continued to stare at it.  I started to  make jokes by saying aloud hey aliens over here!! :)   Well it was easier to see the object now.  It stood out among the dark clouds when the sun was shining on it.  The way it looked was like highly polished aluminum.  You know like wheels on a car or a polished stainless steel muffler.  Being that it was so visibly define,  I noticed that it appeared to be rotating. not the very top of it just the middle hull.  I think it  was rotating counter clockwise.  Anyways we watched it for about 2 more minutes.  Then i heard the door at the entrance of the mall. We were standing outside one of the interior corridor doors.  Well i looked over to see who was coming out ( just out of natural human curiousity). After i glanced over I immediately returned my focus to where the o! bject ha d been in the sky.  I asked my buddy where it was.  He said that he didn't know.  He was watching it the whole time even during the time I looked away.  He said that it just dissapeared.  We've told some people about it.  Some just laugh at us and think we are silly.  Other people know we wouldn't lie to them but are still skeptical or just dismiss it.  I would be skeptical about such things myself until I would actually witness such a thing.  And that day I did witness such a thing.  There have been three anomalys in the sky that I have seen in my life.  Two were at night.  one of those i don't remember.  Another friend of mine told me about it cause he was with me.  It happened about 10 years ago.  When we both seen this light in the sky and it moved irratically.  The other time i seen somthing at night was another light.  This white light was higher than an airplane and it moved from horizon to horizon in about 30 seconds.   The long story I wrote here  was the first time I saw anythiing weird in the daytime.  My father in-law is a truck driver.  he has made a delivery or 2 to the research facilities near the mall.  He only told me of this after i told him what me and my buddy had seen.  He said they have some shady things going on there.   So, if the thing we saw was an alien craft or a man made research project, I'll never know.  But what we saw that day was definitely nothing I have ever  witnessed before. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of event is approximate.  PD));40.3065358695652;-78.9205891304347
