Monolith in front of the almost full moon;2001-10-30 21:45:00;5 minutes;Monolith in front of the almost full moon On October 30th 2001, while at work, my boss told me he heard on the radio that it was the first full moon on Halloween in 80 years which I found that to be interesting.  I was done with work at 9:30 PM  and waited for my co-worker, as she was my ride home that night.  It was about 9:45 PM when we exited the building facing east.  After about 10-15 steps out I remembered what my boss said and looked up to appreciate the moon the day before it was full. When I did, my stomach immediately sank and I stopped dead in my tracks.  My immediate impression of it was that it was a missile or rocket coming straight down (this was fairly soon after 9/11 and anxiety was still high).  But as my mind began to register what my eyes were seeing, I noticed that it had no exhaust or visible emissions, no lights or sounds and it was not traveling downward but growing downward, the top portion of it remained fixed in the sky.  All I could do was raise my arm at first to motion my co! -worker to stop walking (she hadn't yet noticed).  My eyes glued to this thing I finally muster out what is that? What is that? Look! She stops walking and I now have her attention and point to the moon. Do you see that? What is that? Do you see this? What is that? There was a slight haze but it was clear out at the time and this object was solid. It casted a faint shadow from the moonlight, it was physically there in the sky. I would best describe it as a very thin black rectangle or a thick black line in plain sight in front of the full moon. It was growing downward and looked like a solid banner slowly unraveling. We were standing there in complete awe and silence, just watching it. It then stopped unraveling (still in front of the moon) and right after it did, another line or thin rectangle appeared a little below where the first object ended and did the same unraveling the first object did. All the while maintaining a stat! ionary point of origin from where it appeared. So at first it ! started to look like exclamation point (!) But the point continued to elongate downward. The objects did not move other than appearing and unraveling the entire time. The moon was well above the tree line and no power poles or clouds were even close to it. I did not see any other aircraft in the sky. As the 2nd object started to stretch past the bottom of the moon. My coworker started to become very unsettled and distraught over what we were watching and needed to get home to her family asap. She was so shaken up from it that she asked me if I could drive her car for her. I wanted to stay and watch it, as long as I could but I couldn't deny my coworkers request to drive, seeing how shook up she got.  Driving home, I tried to continue watching it the best I could but soon lost sight of it in the trees and hills on the way home. Once home I was able to get a good view of the moon again but when I did, I didn't see the objects any more. We must have watched the objects for ! about 5-10 mins before leaving the work parking lot and about 10 to 15 mins to dive myself home. I was so excited at the time over what I saw that I wrote down some notes and drew a diagram to help better describe and understand what happened once I got home. I scoured local news for days but never heard anything about it. I told my friends and family, who were skeptical and made light of it.  Some of my friends later got confirmation from my coworker of what we saw that night. But it still scares her and she doesn't like to talk about it in detail. Although some time has passed since then, I still remember this event very vividly, as I have never seen anything like it before or since. I have since stopped telling people about it out of fear of ridicule, discrediting myself and disbelief (even I am skeptical of other people's ufo stories and sightings). I've only recently came across my notes of what I witnessed that night and wanted to tell my story one more time. I do not! know what these things are but I am certain what I saw. They ! were sol id and they were there in front of the moon. They made no noise and had no lights. They sat motionless in the sky and changed its shape. I witnessed the 2nd object literally appear and grow from nothing. I am an educated person and I cannot come to a proper explanation of what it was. It really defied my logic. I know about helicopters, meteors, contrails, chemtrails and weather balloons. I am aware of various, bizarre weather phenomena. Drones have not yet been made public. I rarely drink and I don't take drugs. I was of sound mind on that night and I am of sound mind now as I write this. What I said here happened and is is 100% true.;40.3065358695652;-78.9205891304347
