8 ufo's in formation in cloud.;2014-11-12 03:45:00;10 seconds;8 ufo's in formation in cloud As I was driving north on I-93, I noticed that the clouds looked different.  They were whispy with different shades of purple shadowed across.  I was looking at a very thin cloud shape directly in front of my line of vision.  Of course, I had to pay attention to my driving, but I was mesmerized by the cloud.  It had strange purple hues and I thought it was beautiful. All of a sudden, the cloud disappeared and 8 spherical shapes appeared in the sky.  They appeared in a check mark against the sky.  They were impossibly close to each other, and I immediately looked for a trail of any kind in the sky.  I thought maybe somebody was shooting off fireworks.  There was no visible trail, and I stared as each suddenly burst into a blinding crystal-like light.  It was as if they all were encased in diamonds and the sun suddenly hit them.  Then they were gone. In a flash, all 8 disappeared and the cloud that I had seen before was replaced by a slight mist.  This mist became just a thin trail left behind of what I had seen.  It was not the magnificent purple-hued cloud that had fascinated me at first.  It was a thin veil of white smoke left in the wake and only a pattern of the spacecraft I had just witnessed.;43.7033;-71.6065
Large, brightly glowing orange spheres, which moved in a pattern of hovering and rapid movement.;2020-12-31 22:30:00;10-15minutes;Large, brightly glowing orange spheres, which moved in a pattern of hovering and rapid movement. At approximately 10:30pm, my parents whom reside next door, were walking down their driveway toward ours.   They observed in the sky, a large intensely glowing orange ball.   The elevation was difficult to perceive, but at minimum it was larger than our car (2020 Ford Explorer XLT) if higher, it could’ve been as large as a house.    The object hovered, moved forward quickly, hovered again, moved forward, and repeated this pattern for several minutes.    My mom came inside our house, terrified, and mentioned she felt tingly and fearful, as my dad was outside still watching it.  My husband (a local police officer) went outside and watched the first orange-glowing object move beyond the trees.  The observed a second large orange glowing  sphere and my husband asked me to come outside, quickly.   I saw the object the orange glow was quite intense.  The large object moved, hovered and continued to move.   It suddenly seemed to “burn out”, losing its glow comple! tely.   My father took several photos in the photos a “tail” is visible but it was not visible to us/the naked eye.   In one photo, of the first glowing sphere I believe, you can distinctly see three orbs of orange light, with a dark/black perimeter.  We initially thought a meteor, but the objects hovered, moved, hovered - which seems atypical of a meteor.   They seemed too large to be drones, and the second “burnt out”/faded completely, which also seems unlike a drone.   Im happy to include photos upon request!;43.7033;-71.6065
