Shape changing square/diamond UFO with circle lights that changed color.  Flying very low.;2016-08-24 23:30:00;2 minutes;Shape changing square/diamond UFO with circle lights that changed color.  Flying very low. I noticed a very bright blinking light that looked pretty far away from where we were.  As we watched it closer we realized there was 2 giant spotlights that looked like they were surveying the area.  As soon as I pointed out the spot lights, they turned off.  The object began moving faster while changing colors and then in the blink of an eye it began flying over us and changed shape into a more conventional looking aircraft but was still strange.  It looked like a square/diamond shaped craft with circle lights on all four corners that were changing brightness and color.  The object was flying very low and it was easy to determine that it was not an airplane of any sort.  About a minute after observing the diamond shape aircraft it was out of sight;39.869;-104.9767
My brother's girlfriend went to let the dogs outside. She looked up and thought it odd that there was such a birght star in the dayligh;2020-08-03 19:40:00;1 hour;My brother's girlfriend went to let the dogs outside.  She looked up and thought it odd that there was such a birght star in the daylight.  My brother got his telescope and shouted for the rest of the family. I was making food and my mom dragged me outside to look into the telescope. Upon looking into the lens I saw a dark grey circle with square lights around the edge. There was one spot in each side of the circle across from each other that was a gap in the light.  We proceeded tk take photos and videos in the sky and throught the telescope.  Looking with the naked eye or phone camera it looked like a star.  However the telescope showed its true form.  Higher than thr planes in the sky it stood in the same spot.  Not moving an ich it seemed to flex from circle to oval shaped.  We all sat staring until around 8:36 pm the clouds covered the craft from sight.  Thick dark clouds obscured the object however it was visible here and there through spaces in the cloud. A small storm rolled in and the craft completely disappeared from sight. Around 9:13 the storm had passed and looking into the sky the craftwas gone.;39.869;-104.9767
