First off,    the first night my girlfriend and I were fishing in a stone quarry and it was time to go.  Right before we started to pac;1992-06-01 15:00:00;2 times each for 5-10 Min;First off, the first night my girlfriend and I were fishing in a stone quarry and it was time to go.  Right before we started to pack up to leave we heard this bone chilling cry behind us.  When I say “bone chilling” is was not a cry of anything I have ever heard of before on this planet.  It was loud and long.  I will never forget what it sounded like.  We both JUMPED UP!  It was just starting to get dark,  just a minute after the sun set.  We were around twenty feet off the side of my jeep.  There was a dirt bream about another 30 feet past the jeep.  It was slightly wooded with quite a bit of brush.  I shined my flashlight at where the sound came from.  What we saw in the reflection of the light I also will never forget.  These two large eyes were looking right at us.  They had a green/orange fluorescent look to them and were oval, pinched at the ends and slightly sloping down at the centers.  Then it howled again.  We could see the outline of its mouth in its eyes. It had a fairly large mouth.  We watched it for 20 seconds or so longer then all of a sudden it vanished.  Then as fast as the ambient light from my flashlight could move it would reappear.  And it howled again.  It moved a couple more times and howled a couple of more times.  It could move through the brush and the trees SSSOOO  Fast!  I could move around 40-60 feet as fast as my flashlight could move its beam of light.  It would move within a ½ second of one spot to another.  We were pretty freaked out by this time.  I turned all my fishing poles around so the reels were extended outward incase I had to start beating something over the head.  We scrambled to my jeep and got the hell out of there as fast as we could.  My girlfriend cried for hours after that because she was so freaked out. The next day my buddy and I went back there so I could do some investigating and see if I could find anything that would help explain what the creature was.  We eventually called it the (Waubonsee Monster) because we saw it out by the waubonsee college.  Any way I didn't find anything.  No footprints, broken branches- Nothing!  I couldn't figure how anything could move through the brush and scrub that fast.  How anything could move that fast anywhere.   Well going forward. My buddy and I started fishing again for a little while.  We packed our stuff up again and started to walk towards my jeep up a slight hill.  When we got to the clearing by the jeep, where there was also a clearing that opened up to a corn field.  We both stopped in our tracks and coming at us from across the corn field just about 10-15 feet above treetop level was some craft that had quite a few lights on it.  It also had some sort of spot light that it shined right on us for about 2 seconds.  Then it made a 90 degree turn and zipped out of there Very! Very! Fast. The craft did not have any sound what so ever.  You can imagine how quiet a small stone quarry is at sunset.  Well this craft was one hundred percent soundless.  Even gliders have some kind of sound and we could have heard a pin drop 200 yards away it was that quiet out. One or other of the events would have been pretty exceptional.  But to have them happen in two consecutive nights is really pretty profound. I truly believe that what we saw the first night was some type of extraterrestrial.  I know it was not any creature of this earth.  And then the next night to see the craft in the same location.  Pretty neat!!!!!!!!!! I don't know too many people who can say that they have actually seen an extraterrestrial and a UFO like I have.   Well that my story.  Make of it what you like but I know what I saw and truly believe it was Out Of This World Thanks ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.7687343750001;-88.4321406249999
