Looking south from my back deck, a bright star caught my eye last night.  What drew my attention at first was how it sparkled, changi;2004-10-31 22:00:00;20 minutes;Looking south from my back deck, a bright star caught my eye last night.  What drew my attention at first was how it sparkled, changing colors extremely rapidly. White, green, blue, yellow, violet.  Nearly the entire spectrum.  As I watched it, I would swear I saw another fainter star appear right next to it.  Then, both points of light moved!  The best way I can describe the movement would be to compare it to someone shining a laser on a wall and moving it in a very tight counterclockwise circle, at a medium-slow rate of speed.   The movement was barely discernable and lasted maybe 10 or 15 seconds, then stopped.  I wasn't altogether certain that my eyes weren't playing tricks on me, so I watched for a while longer, and it happened again. I don't have a video cam, or I would have filmed it, and it wouldn't have served any purpose to take a still photo, since the image would have just shown a starry sky.  At any rate, I went inside and watched TV for an hour or so.  Just before going to bed, I went out on the deck and had another look at the sky.  That star was no longer there.  There were plenty more stars cleary visible in the immediate area of the sky where I had seen it, so I doubt seriously that it was now hidden behind clouds.  I don't have a clue what it could have been, but I thought it was pretty strange to see a star move like that.;38.6495513605442;-77.319244217687
Bright white, slightly flickering light that wobbled slightly, but VERY rapidly and wastoo bright and big for a star or planet.;2006-01-25 06:10:00;30 Minutes;Bright white, slightly flickering light that wobbled slightly, but VERY rapidly and wastoo bright and big for a star or planet. Just after 6 AM on Januray 25, 2006, heading north on my way to the commuter lot to pick up riders, I noticed what I first assumed was the bright approach light of an airliner.  Sometimes, they can appear stationary when they are headed straight towards you.  There were several other aircraft in other parts of the sky, all clearly moving in various directions. But this light remained stationary in relation to the moon, which was visible to the east.  I and my passengers coud see it all the way into the Washington DC area.  It seemed much too bright and large to be a star or planet, but I didn't really give it much more thought.  However, this morning, same time, same route, it was there again.  The moon was lower in the sky than it was two days ago, but the light was in the same place.  This time, I paid more attention to it.  While I waited at the commuter lot, I watched this light closely.  Ever so often, it seemed to move up, down, and side to side, very slightly, and very rapidly. I guess you'd call it a barely discernable wobble.  Coincidentally, one of the riders from two days before got in, and I called his attention to the light.  As we sat waiting for another rider, we both watched it, and he observed it wobble.  I've seen bright lights in the sky before, and never really thought much about it. But the wobble factor of this one really has me wondering.;38.6495513605442;-77.319244217687
Many odd behaving lights hover above trees, then rise in the sky, moving strangly and not making noises.;2008-03-05 20:00:00;45 minutes;Many odd behaving lights hover above trees, then rise in the sky, moving strangly and not making noises. On the 5th I was driving with my dad, when I look to the west and there are four or five yellowish white lights hovering low in the skyline, clustered together. They didn't appear to be moving but then one at a time about 30 seconds after each other, they would move, usually vertically into the sky and start to blink strangely, very unlike the behavior of an airplane or helicopter. We could not hear them at all, they did not go in one straight path like an airplane but moved sporadically. We drove into a parking lot and saw more of the same kind of behavior for about thirty minutes. We would see a few a yellowish lights just above the trees, stagnant and then it would start moving up ward, and then proceed to move about the western part of the sky oddly. At one point there was eight or ten in the sky at once, all in the western part of the sky. None of them crossed the sky like a plane does. I saw one fall straight down extremely fast, appearing almost like a meteor. My dad thinks they must have been near Dulles airport, but we are both absolutely certain these could not have been airplanes, or even helicopters. On the 6th, after explaining to my friend earlier in the day about my experiences, i continued to see suspicious blinking and hovering lights throughout the night. But around 10:15 we went out on his driveway to smoke a cigarette. And immediately upon looking at the sky we could already see strange blinking lights at different heights in the sky. This time it appeared they were directly above Woodbridge. A few seemed to cross directly above us. The yellow lights would again hover at a distance above the treetops, and then rise, start blinking white, red and blue lights and then move at a very fast speed, all without making any noise at all. One did cross above us particularly low in the sky. When it was above us it appeared to look like a triangle with a light in each corner, but we could not see the outline of the plane. Again, we felt odd that it didn't make any noise at all. We saw about ten of these, all throughout the sky, and on the drive home we saw one low in the sky, with many more lights then the others. It had white lights all lined up on it's side on one single craft. We took some pictures of several of these lights, I'm not sure about the quality as I haven't seen them on a computer yet, but my friend can send then to me and if you want I can send these to you.;38.6495513605442;-77.319244217687
bright yellow lights in the sky that moved with out a sound.;2010-02-06 23:00:00;1 minute;bright yellow lights in the sky that moved with out a sound. Well I was outside removing snow, then I look up and I'm looking @ the big dipper, out of now where I see 4 or 5 bright yellow lights moving east no sound whats so ever.  Twenty seconds later another set of yellow lights pop out of no where.  They stayed in formation but then I noticed that two of the lights are moving side to side and behind the others like if they were trying to past the others.  At these time I'm in wow.  So I run upstairs to get my wife and we both go outside and I'm trying to explain to her what I just saw and to please look up @ the sky.  A few second later we both see the lights pop out of no where again and she is like what was that  I asked her if she heard a noise or something.  She could not believe what she just saw.  It was something that we never have seen before.  I was not a helicopter or a plane we know that much.  What it was we may never know.  But I sure would like to know if there is something there. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));38.6495513605442;-77.319244217687
A group of six watches and videotapes seven UFOs flying over Northern Virginia minutes after the start of the New Year.;2011-01-01 00:02:00;Approx 6 minutes;A group of six watches and videotapes seven UFOs flying over Northern Virginia minutes after the start of the New Year. UFO Incident Report January 1, 2011   Six of us were celebrating the New Year at our home in Northern Virginia. We were all in the living room, watching the countdown to the New Year on television and were waiting to toast the event. The ages of the people were as follows:  One male 13 year old One male 15 year old One male 24 year old One female (approximately 23 years old ) One male 48 year old One female 48 year old  At approximately 12:02am, we all stepped out onto our deck to scream “Happy new Year” and to listed for others celebrating with fireworks, etc. Almost immediately, someone in the group shouted, “look at those lights!”  We all looked South and observed four orange lights in the shape of orbs. The lights appeared to be more or less, evenly spaced from left to right (East to west) and were clearly moving Northward, toward our location.  Two of our group began to film the objects with cell phone video cameras, while all of us talked and shouted over one another, identifying the obvious reasons why these objects could not be aircraft or other known manmade crafts. Those observations will be detailed below. As the objects came nearer, I (The 48 year old male in the group) decided to run down to the basement and get my video camera. I obtained the camera and went into our backyard, below and in front of the deck, where the rest of the group was still positioned, observing the objects…. Now, considerably closer than when I had left. As the objects continued to get closer, I could see that they were somewhat offset, as well as spaced apart. More specifically, there was one in the lead, the second was a bit off of the left and back and so forth. The “formation” was similar to military aircraft formations. As the objects began to pass overhead, the rear most one, began to dim at a constant pace until it appeared to vanish before our eyes. The remaining three continued on and flew over our heads and ass that happened, the trailing object began to increase its speed dramatically. That object was moving directly toward the object that was second in line and it appeared as though the last one was going to collide with the middle one. It sped up and raced right up to the middle one and appeared to pass within inches of that object. As it passed, it’s light began to dim and then the object vanished. Moments later, as we watched the remaining two objects continue North, they both dimmed out and vanished as well. With the lights out, I could still see the unlit object continuing north for a moment, until it was absorbed by the darkness. As all of us were talking over one another about what we had witnessed, someone directed our attention to the south, where we observed three more objects heading toward us in the exact same fashion. These objects were duplicates of the four that we had just seen. The 24 year old male in the group shouted, “I’m going to go get my laser light, and he ran into the house. The rest of us watched as these three orange lights continued north toward us. As they were at about the 2 o’clock  position on the horizon, the rearmost object dimmed it’s lights rapidly until it literally vanished before our eyes. The remaining two continued toward us. The 24 year old male returned to the deck with his laser and activated it. There was a brief exchange regarding the law forbidding pointing lasers at aircraft. He proclaimed what we all knew, that these were not aircraft and the law did not apply. We quickly discussed the possibility of an alien misreading the laser as a threat and the 24 year old stated that he was sure that they would be able to identify it as a simple beam of light. With that, he directed the green laser at the rearmost object, which was now passing directly overhead.  All of us were surprised to see the object illuminate with the green reflection of the laser beam. Seeing this, confirmed that the objects were much lower and smaller than we had originally thought. The two objects continued north to about the 10 o’clock position and then simultaneously dimmed out and were gone. Items Of Interest:  There is a commercial flight path within sight of this location, however it runs from south to southwest. There has never been a commercial or private aircraft that has flown in this path, since we have lived here. That is almost six years. All of these objects flew directly over the Quantico Marine Base. This base does not have a lot of aircraft activity. In the past 5 and a half years, I have only seen four helicopters and no fighter/fast mover type of aircraft. All aircraft are required to display one red and one green light, in addition to landing lights while on approach to an airport. There were no green, red, white or flashing lights on these objects whatsoever. These objects were illuminated with an orange light. None of us hear any sound associated with these objects. None of us had any physiological or psychological reactions, other than great excitement, to these objects. Of our group, three of the adults believe in and have observed UFOs in the past. The 23 year old female did not believe in UFOs but has been profoundly affected by this experience. The two children have witnessed unexplained lights (with the adults present) in the past, and seem stressed about the possibility of the lights being associated with alien life. The 48 year old male is a retired “Big City” police officer and is currently an investigator for a federal agency. He is also a Veteran Army Paratrooper. Because of the sensitive nature of his career, he is deeply concerned about being identified. Five of the people in this group are related. Husband and wife, father and three sons, Three of the adults in this group have had multiple UFO sightings throughout 2010.;38.6495513605442;-77.319244217687
Extremely fast moving green light traveling south in Northern Virginia, then disapeared.;2015-05-13 23:30:00;5 seconds;Extremely fast moving green light traveling south in Northern Virginia, then disapeared. We were traveling on I-95 South in Northern Virginia when I noticed a relatively low altitude (~1000 feet) bright green light.  The green light was also moving south at what I thought was a slow to moderate speed.  About twice the speed of my vehicle.   My initial thought was that it was an airplane taking off from Reagan International airport.  Then it just took off faster than anything I have ever seen and then just disappeared after about two or three seconds.   My wife and son both saw the exact same thing.  None of us ever saw anything move so fast.  We kept trying to come up with a rational explanation but could not.   The light did not leave a trail and it went from a slow speed to an extremely fast speed.  The light was very bright and circular in shape.;38.6495513605442;-77.319244217687
Red star like light moving in small circles appears to be above Washignton, DC not a plane.red light (drone?);2015-11-22 19:59:00;ongoing;Red star like light moving in small circles appears to be above Washignton, DC not a plane.red light (drone?) Red light moving in small circle blinking red and then white and moves in a small circle, appears to be over Washington, dc in northwest from Route 1 northbound.;38.6495513605442;-77.319244217687
A total of 10 orange bright lights move across the sky. No sound 2 at first then 4 then 2 more 2 more. Their was no surface wind. They;2020-08-09 21:45:00;4 minutes;A total of 10 orange bright lights move across the sky.  No sound 2 at first then 4 then 2 more 2 more.  Their was no surface wind.  They started just over the tree.  Probably over the Potomac river across from Indian Head naval on the Virginia side.  Went up the Occoquan river turned north, climb up higher and disappeared.  I have on video tape.  People how watched say military in stealth, sky lanterns, drones, UFOs but its nothing like i have ever seen here at my house and i have lived here 50 years.;38.6495513605442;-77.319244217687
