Looking for someone who recognize's this sighting  hayride on farm in Indiana;1972-10-17 21:00:00;unknown;Looking for someone who recognize's this sighting  hayride on farm in Indiana My experiences My first ufo experience happened back in the early seventies.I had recently joined our local  4-H group in my hometown of jeffersonville,indiana.I was twelve years old.our group had planned a hayride.The hayride would be on a big farm,in Indiana.I remember the name of the farm to this day.What I saw that evening,What we all saw that evening will always and forever be embedded in my mind.It will hold out as top of the list on the most fascinating experience's  of my life.We arrived at the farm,gathered onto the bed of the tractor,and situated ourselves on the hay.and embarked onto the venture of a lifetime..It all started out relatively calm,as I remember. there were twelve plus people,including myself.We where pretty deep into the woods of the farm,we were singing and playing the guitar having a really good time.When a friend of mine and I noticed some strange lights behind the tree lines,on the right side of our path.We observed them for a while,and then in an instant this huge craft was right on top of us.I remember being so frightened by this sight.One moment we all  are laughing and singing,the next moment everyone was totally terrified.And there was not a thing we could do.This craft was huge and so close I could have literally thrown a rock at it,that is how close it was to us.And in that split second how it got from behind the tree line to right on top of us ,still blows my mind to this day.the speed this craft had is un-imaginable.Believe me nothing back then or now could ever make those kind of manuvers that it put on that night.Explaining the craft,it was disc shaped,mettalic in color,It had brightly multi-colored flashing or rather spinning lights in the center of the craft.that wrapped around the entire craft.and above these lights were windows that also wrapped around the entire object.I remember trying so hard to see inside the windows,as the craft was also lit up on the inside too.It just came out of no where, and there it was ,right in front of all of our faces.it hovered fo! r a very long time.My friend remembers hearing a swishing sound,and i felt more of a vibration through my body.I just still to this day cannot believe how fast and quiet this huge craft was.After our initial panic,I  believe we all became relatively calm with amazement,It was a spectacular sight,then it zipped over at incredible speeds to the left and just hovered,then to the right and just hovered ,then with the blink of  an eye ,shot off so fast it was truly incredible,the speed so fast till it was out of sight. it was so fast ,the way it streaked off,I simply cannot put into words.I do not believe there was ever a report made of this sighting.I don't know how to get in touch with any of the other people who was also involved in this.This is now over thirty years old.I remember no one said anything on the ride home,I thought this to be strange as to what we all just saw.I only wonder if they all still think about that evening ,as I still do.There were several people that witnessed this sighting with me.this encounter will always be with me for the rest of my life.I know what I saw .And I am a BELIEVER.........Oh well i just wanted to get my story out there.For my own peace of mind,in my own words.And hopefully some of those people out there with me that night might see this and remember also,since no one had home computers then.But one thing I'm sure of ,IT has to be embedded in there thoughts,as is mine. Because you just don't forget about something like this, it's just to big.Maybe I am not intended to understand why or how.I do know you cannot erase these kind of memories from your mind.I only hope one day I  might find my answer,as so many others need to know also. as to why these events take place.I have had other strange happenings since ,another time ..thanks for reading… ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.3084999999994;-85.8160000000004
Flat black disc, no lights, spinning with a slight wobble, no sound;1977-12-15 12:00:00;1to 2 minutes;Flat black disc, no lights, spinning with a slight wobble, no sound In 1977, my friend & his younger brother & I were walking through a field which is part of st Mary's Cemetary.   My friend spotted the disk first.  We just stood there saying,What is that?.  The disk was flat black in color and seemed to have a darker small circle in the center of the disk.  It appeared to spin in a clockwise or counter clockwise manner but would also wobble slightly.   It made no sound, I'm not sure how high up this craft was, but I would estimate its size to the hole in the center of a compact disk.  I saw this same disk years later at this field while watching New Albanys' football team practice there. I've often wondered if this was a weather balloon, experimental military aircraft, or aliens.  I can honestly say I will never cease to wonder what it was that I saw during the blizzard of 77. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));38.3084999999994;-85.8160000000004
