Very bright star and then vanished!;2014-10-03 19:55:00;2-3 minutes;Very bright &quotstar&quot and then vanished! I was outdside on my deck with my husband, we were facing the north west.  My husband was facing me so he didn't see the light, I was taking to him when I noticed this very bright start behind his left shoulder (what a assumed to be a star).  I stared at it for about 2 minutes and just as I was about to tell him To turn around to see it, it lit up extremely bright and then vanished!  All I could say was, Did you see that!  Oh my goodness where did it go!  My husband thought I was crazy, I explained to him what happen and he told me we should get in the house.   It's not the first time we've seen something in that same area, and before he has seen things too. I'm not sure what to make of this particular occurrence but it scared him and myself.;41.6551;-70.2945
Shooting star that suddenly made a broad curve that was in effect a 180 degree turn toward the horizon;2017-07-16 00:00:00;22:15;Shooting star that suddenly made a broad curve that was in effect a 180 degree turn toward the horizon I was outside because I received an alert for possible auroral activity.  Tall trees were to my right as I faced the northern sky.  From behind a tall tree to my right, a light emerged from somewhere between Cygnus and Lacerta, moving straight toward Cepheus.  I thought it was a shooting star, but it did not diminish or burn up as most do.   Suddenly, without slowing down, it made a big broad turn to its left, which was toward the constellation of Cassiopeia, below Cepheus or you could also say moving closer to the northern horizon.  This was not a slow gradual turn in the sky, but a remarkable swiftly moving turn that was in effect a 180 degree turn, nowhere near being on course from its original trajectory.   Again, this was a very swift moving, silent object moving at a speed similar to that of a shooting star.  The object itself was not as distinct as a meteor in the sky.   The object's light was closer to white, and the object itself was either blurry, or may have consisted of several lights on one object, or possibly several objects flying in a very tight formation.;41.6551;-70.2945
