Glowing orange craft zips away like a shooting star in hyannis, ma at around 3:30am 7/30/06;2006-07-30 03:30:00;1 second;Glowing orange craft zips away like a shooting star in hyannis, ma at around 3:30am 7/30/06 My friend and I were sitting out on the beach at around 3:30 in the morning watching shooting stars. All of the sudden there was an orange flash and a neon orange oval appeared with what appeared to have multiple lights on it. It was far bigger than a shooting star and seemed a lot closer. It instantly zipped away, almost down towards the earth and disapeared. 5 minutes later we also saw some spotlights turn on under where we had seen it, but the spotlights shut off after about 2 minutes.;41.6551;-70.2945
UFO seen in downtown Hyannis on two occasions within the hour of January 6, 2013.;2013-01-06 22:00:00;45 minutes;UFO seen in downtown Hyannis on two occasions within the hour of January 6, 2013 It was a cold Sunday evening in Hyannis Massachusetts on Cape Cod.  I was driving to my friend’s house from the store at 10pm on January 6th, 2013.  I was on my way to go have a relaxing night watching movies with my friend until I noticed something unusual in the sky. I saw an orange glow in the sky that was definitely not a street light because of its height in the sky.  I was facing southwest when I noticed the stagnant glow the size of a small pill in the sky.  I was watching it for a minute debating what it could be a fire, an airplane, a helicopter, or maybe even a star I’ve never noticed before.  I decided to take a picture and a video on my cell phone because of how unusual it was.  As soon as I began taking the video the glow began to move south and started to blink.  The blinking consisted of organge, red, and white colors.  Since this was on Cape Cod it should be known that I was basically at sea level, if not only a couple feet above sea level. At this point, what I had figured was an airplane now had started blinking.  I tried to reassure myself that the reason for the glow being completely still was that it could have been flying towards me.  Eventually it moved towards me and was soon almost completely overhead when I noticed how low to the ground it was.  I have never seen any aircraft, especially at night, flying this low. It was probably about 10-15 stories high, I would guess.  I then noticed that it was oval in shape with lights on the top and bottom and a band of white light wrapping around the craft.  Perhaps this was another light or possibly a window, that I am not sure.  At this point it was roughly the size of a penny or dime. I called my friend I was visiting to tell her what I saw when the craft took off in almost one second into the northeast into the next town.  I told her I was going to follow it so I did with no luck.  I turned around to go back to Hyannis when I noticed that same orange glow sitting in the sky in the same area I had seen earlier.  I called my friend back to let her know it was back so she could go outside to see it.  The only problem was that she could not hear me at all over the phone.  I could hear her perfectly but she barely had any idea what I was saying.  When I got to her house she said not only was the call cutting out but there was an odd electrical whining type noise in the background. My friend got into my car and we drove to the same parking lot across the street to look at this strange sight.  When I started taking a video again the craft repeated the same path it did earlier eventually taking off into the northeast.  I once again tried following it but this time it was completely gone.  The video I took with my friend was the best video by far as it show the erratic movements of the craft in the sky.  Unfortunately the cell phone did not pick up the actual ship but it did pick up the blinking so the path of the craft is clear.  It should be noted that there was no sound at all when the craft was in sight.  My friend and I decided to go back to her house and give up on this UFO hunt. The next day I went to work excited to show some of my coworkers the footage I taped.  When I asked my manager if he believe in UFOs, he showed me something odd that in turn made me write this repot. Apparently on the Cape Cod Times Online blogs someone written an article about how in 1971, to almost the exact date, two boys saw an orange glowing UFO in Hyannis and Dennis.  I found it too coincidental that almost 40 years to the date this happened again.  I would like to point out that I do live near Otis Air Force Base so it should be noted that it may be either out of this world or possibly a military craft.  I would also like to add that the media I have of this incident will be sent separate since I have yet to upload them online.;41.6551;-70.2945
