Silver sphere hovered in the air with a bright light in front over rt 28.;2014-06-22 18:45:00;2 minutes;Sliver sphere hovered in the air with a bright light in front over rt 28. I was driving down rt 28 when i seen a silver sphere hover high up in the air.   I followed it down the road for a minute and then it just vanished.  I looked all over but it was gone.  It had one bright light ib the front and was all silver in color, it was very high up so i couldn't tell exactly how big it was.;41.6551;-70.2945
Again the orange orb appeared sighting number two.;2014-08-27 22:30:00;20-25 seconds;Again the orange orb appeared sighting number two. I attempted to file a report several days ago when my brother and stepfather witnessed an unusual orange sphere near our home in Hyannis on the 20th of August.  For some reason, maybe because I didn't witness it personally or because I used names it wasn't posted.   That said, last night my brother and I again were hanging out at night at my property on Ocean St. in Hyannis.  At approximately 10:30 pm I look up and right there in front of us, maybe 200 feet away is an orange orb hovering absolutely still.   I grabbed my cell phone and took a very short video approximately 3 seconds (I inadvertently turned it off) the object seemed to move just when I pointed it out while carrying on like a fool.  I was shocked.   The orb changed shape, started bouncing around, and then seem to spiral or barrel roll away and then poof... it was gone.  The weather was excellent with a west-southwest breeze of approximately 10-15mph, the visibility was very good.;41.6551;-70.2945
Bluish-green spheres over Cape Cod;2016-09-15 21:55:00;2 seconds;Bluish-green spheres over Cape Cod As a native Cape Codder, I have witness several of these UFOs over the years.  I think that it is important to note that there is a Naval Air Staition on Cape Cod.  If you come to the Cape, after coming over the Sagamore Bridge, there was once a military sight directly off of the first exit, for years the sign in front of a small gate was called “Space Command”. (Yup!) the name has since been changed.  The site has been dubbed “Pave Paws”, and is now said to be a hub for drone command. What it is really used for, truthfully,  I do not know. Growing up on the Cape, there was not much to do.  It is a small suburb of Boston for those adventurous enough to make the hour and a half plus commute in the morning, and it is also a well known summer resort area.  For those of us who lived here outside of the season, which runs from Memorial Day through Labor Day, there is not much to do.  We have some of the most beautiful beaches in the world, so that is were we go.  You sit and look at the horizon, you count the waves, you enjoy amazing views, and when the horizon gets boring, you look to the skies.  I can’t tell you how much of my younger days included good friends, a couple of beers, and a day or night at the beach. Most of my high school weekends included at least one bonfire on an empty beach, looking up at the sky.  We used to look for “shooting stars”.   We had a lot of them.  Big, bright, bluish-green balls of light that would regularly, though not often, streak across the sky. It did not take too many seasons of looking to realize that these shooting stars ran in a familiar pattern depending on where on the Cape that you were watching from.in the area of the “upper cape” they tended to run West to East.  If you lived east of “Otis, AFB” they ran West to East. Curious. Fast forward ten or so years, and I was living in my first real home of my own, Cotuit Bay Condos, lying with my wife in bed ,”spooning”, looking out our sliding glass doors towards the north. on a regular basis we watch jets take off from Otis AFB on a West to East trajectory. on this night, circa 1993, we watched a glowing ball of blue-green light “take off” from the same location and travel the same path.  The size of the orb was 2-3 times the size of a fighter jet, and its speed was much faster.  MUCH FASTER!  It got to the point about halfway across the horizon, quickly paused, dropped bit, and then took off almost straight up at an even faster speed and was gone. I have witnessed these balls of light all my life.  Several years after the previous sighting, I was visiting my brother at his house in East Falmouth, MA, I was staying there while recovering from surgery.  I was bed ridden and from my bed I had a view of the sky to the North of the house.  Several times during my stay there I witnessed, mostly at dusk, these orbs flying across the sky in a West to East path.  I casually mentioned them and it was laughed off by most.  One afternoon, the mailman, Phil, (Yes, in small town America we still have them.) came running in the house, yelling about how we wouldn’t believe what he just saw.  We swapped stories, and sure enough, they matched. The last time that I was at my brothers house we sat and watched the sky looking for them but all we saw, seriously, were two Marine-1’s (the President’s helicopter) and a couple Osprey aircraft.(Barack Obama had been vacationing on the Vineyard.)  They ran in a South to North Pattern which intersected the UFO’s regular path. Fast forward to tonight September 15th, 2016, I am living in Hyannis, MA, by the airport.  Out of my bedroom window I can see the take of flight path from Hyannis Airport.  I watch them take off regularly from North to South. I saw the glowing balls, greener this time, but still a bluish green.  They travelled east to west so much faster than the jets that take off. and were only a few hundred yards from the end of the runway, this time, I was looking up at them, not across.  I was able to watch them for only a second or two and they disappeared into the canopy above. the time was 9:55 P.M.;41.6551;-70.2945
