Yellowish-Orange sphere west of Mutiney Bay with several hundred folks celebrating the 4th of July.;2013-07-04 21:00:00;15 minutes;Yellowish-Orange sphere west of Mutiney Bay with several hundred folks celebrating the 4th of July. UFO Sighting on Whidbey Island On the 4th of July, shortly after the sun settled over the horizon, 6 to 8 glowing orange orbs or fire balls flew slowly overhead and then exited south east at what appeared to be supersonic speeds.   They first appeared west of Mutiny Bay on Whidbey Island, Washington and then travelled parallel to the western portion of  Mutiny Bay beach.  Unlike jet aircraft, the orbs did not make a sound.  The first one took off and accelerated to over 30 to 40 thousand feet or more in a matter of a few seconds until it was no longer visible.   A few minutes later five or six more followed in the same path, at semi-equal distance from one another, and again (one after the other) ascended to 30 to 40 thousand feet in the same direction - until no longer visible.  The last one appeared a few minutes later, separate from the cluster of 5 or 6, and again was traveling in a south east direction.  But about Parallel to our observation point the orb shot straight up at an accent that made it disa! ppear from view in a matter of seconds, perhaps close to a minute. My best guess is that the orbs were 20 to 30 feet in diameter and that they first appeared at about 1,000 feet in altitude.  They were a bright orange with a fiery like appearance. Being the 4th of July celebration, many people were on the beach at Whidbey’s Mutiny Bay during the orb display and must have also seen the phenomena.     Shortly after the sighting, and directly east,  someone set off a chain of luminaries with candles under paper sacks which floated in an easterly direction and ended flight several hundred yards from their launch site.   This should not be confused with the orb sightings and the visuals and distances traveled are not remotely close to one another.;48.0354;-122.5686
