Close Up, Broad Daylight Sighting of  a UFO.;1971-08-01 15:00:00;13/15 min.;Close Up, Broad Daylight Sighting of  a UFO   My friends and I were on a day hike in the Ruby Mountains and had climbed a ridge to about the 9200 ft.msl, when I spotted and called attention to what I thought was 3 giant white birds flying toward us from the peak that we were planning to climb that day. The peak is named Verdi Peak and it is 10,900ft. msl.  What I thought were 3 white birds was the suns reflection off this UFO that was headed straight at us!  It came over Verdi peak and stopped and hovered approximately 150 ft. above an 200 ft. west of our position.  The craft had a mirror finish, no seams or rivets, no windows, no front or rear.  It made no engine or any other noise. The most amazing thing to us, was that the craft never changed its attitude in any way, aways remaining ridged in space like a gyro does. The craft was shaped like an cartoon cigar, like a foot ball.  It was so close, we all agreed that it was approximately 70ft. long and 40ft in diameter.  We all had the intense feeling that we were being check out!  IT scared the daylights out us.  Then things got even stranger, from a hover, the craft rose straight up until it had gained about 3000ft. of altitude from where it had been hovering, enough altitude to clear the mountain ridge and it flew north with a sudden burst of speed, the likes of which I have never seen, before or after the sighting.  We could see the Jarbridge Mts, about 100 miles north, into Idaho from our vantage point on the mountain ridge.  We watched this craft go from right above us, to a little speck that disappeared over Idaho in about one and a half seconds!  We were pretty shaken up and all agreed to hike out of the mountains back to our car and go home.  It would take us a bit under a hour to get to the car.  When we arrived we all had noticed how low the sun was and that things were not adding up on the time we were gone and the time when we got to the car.  Only one of us had a wrist watch, and he had left it in the car. When he announced what the time was, we all were just dumbfounded!  We had 4 hours that we could not account for no matter how we tried to rationalize.   We had made the hike at least a dozen times over the years and knew how long it took. So we decited to never tell anyone about this.  I thought that it was time to speak up. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  I have requested that the source of this report contact his hiking companions, and have them submit reports, as well.  PD));40.7505;-115.3631
