Oval shaped, color-changing lights, erratic movements, appearing and reappearing.;2009-07-13 01:00:00;20 Minutes;Oval shaped, color-changing lights, erratic movements, appearing and reappearing. My friend and I were outside in his backyard having a cigarette at about one in the morning when we noticed a strangely-lit object making a steadily-paced arch from left to right across the sky.  Too fast to be a plane, also the lights on the object were like nothing I've seen before on any aircraft.  The object was slightly disk-like, but more substantial.  I would say more oval-shaped than anything.  The lights moved in a horizontal line across the object in a dotty pattern and changed colors from pinkish-red to light green to white. For a short time it was very close but it moved further away, still in our sights but not as clear.  As it moved, the first thing that occurred to me that was odd about the flying object was the sound.  It was completely silent except for when it was closer at first, but even then it didn't sound like any kind of engine at all.  All we heard was a soft whirring wind noise.  Also, its movements were eerie and very strange.  Not like anything I've ever seen or heard of before. When it moved further away, it stopped traveling and started hovering in place.  The lights continued to revolve around itself in that dotty pattern and the only movement it made was a slow swinging from side to side. My friend and I were really weirded out and this point.  We kept trying to verbally convince ourselves that it was a plane or something of that nature, but it was becoming more and more obvious that it wasn't a plane at all. Then we both saw the object vanish into thin air without warning.  But almost a second later it reappeared in a new place directly to the left of its original spot.  We watched it do this several more times, disappearing and reappearing in new locations that were all relatively close together.  Its movements appeared very erratic, but effortless and swift at the same time.  Then the object started traveling towards us.  My friend and I were just staring at it, freaked out.  It looked like it was coming straight for us.  The object was rapidly growing larger in size as it closed the distance between us.  It was then that I noticed more things about the object.  There seemed to be a pinkish-purple haze surrounding it.  Also, the object didn't look remotely metallic or industrial.  It merely looked like an extremely dense concentration of energy in that oval-disky shape with the lights continuing to revolve around it.  I can't say for sure that the object even looked solid.  It was definitely substantial, but it looked to have formed out of a material that I couldn't begin to fathom, even now. It stopped midair and remained completely still for a long ten seconds.  At this time I could clearly make out its shape and the light patterns and color changes.  Then it shot directly over our heads to the left and traveled an insane measure of distance in about half of a second.  I wish I had a better sense of distance so I could be more accurate about this...  Anyway, at this time both my friend and I were convinced that this was something not of this world.  The movement was like no manmade aircraft I've ever seen.  The movement was precise and liquid and smooth when it traveled that fast.  Also, there was no sound.  A plane, number one: could not have gone that fast, and number two: would have made a very loud noise when it was that close to us. It then hovered in the left section of the sky, repeated the same swinging movements from before.  It was slowly moving further away.  My friend and I watched it for a little while longer until it disappeared from sight for good. Needless to say,  I really regret not having a decent camera function on my phone.;33.8058831050227;-116.462412328767
