A blaze orange upside down tear drop shaped object over southern Ohio.;2007-02-22 20:32:00;10 to 15 min;A blaze orange upside down tear drop shaped object over southern Ohio. At approximately 8:32 PM EST,  I Immediately noticed a top like or an upside down teardrop shaped fiery, orange light towards the North. I was standing in East Huntington area, Altizer to be exact.  I was leaving my work place for a 30 minute lunch break and I immediately noticed the glowing orange object and I said to myself, That's a weird and unusually bright star to be so low in the sky.  I estimated it to be approximately 10 degrees above the horizon.   From  my vantage point in the parking lot it seemed to be across the Ohio river over southern Ohio and in The Procterville  or Scottown (if it was further North) area.  I walked to the furthest end of the parking lot (away from the bright street lights and light washout) to get a better look.  It seemed to be at least 3 miles away or maybe 5 miles away over Procterville.  I kept studying it, as it was an unusual orangey fire color and seem to undulate.   All the time I remained reserved in my opinion as it seemed to grow and shrink or maybe even pulsate. From the East, a small plane was coming in and going toward the West (possibly towards the Chesapeake airport [a very small landing strip] in southern Ohio).  I could easily see the red blinking FAA light on the left wing as it traveled from East to West or from my right to left, as I looked north.  As the airplane flew from East to West, from my right to left direction), it went directly underneath the orange, glowing object and the object shrank to a small point of light.   After the plane had passed under the object, it enlarged and brightened again and appeared as an undulating, flaming top.  This is when I began to lose my reservations that it was just a low or rising star.   I continued to watch it and noted that the sky was clear with visible stars and the crescent half moon but the exception of some moderately quick moving clouds coming from the West.  It was a very breezy also.   I watched until the Object dimmed down its intensity and blinked out in two or three seconds.  It seemed to collapse into itself as it disappeared.  I walked some more, scanning the sky to try to relocate it but I never saw it again.  In comparison, the red blinking FAA I searched for it again during my second break at 10:30PM, as I was leaving my job after midnight and again when I arrived at home a short distance away.  This is my fourth sighting and I have felt keyed up. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length with this witness via telephone, and he seemed to us to be quite sober-minded.  We suspect that he is an very good witness.  We have encouraged him to look again in the same area of the sky, at the same time of night, in order to establish whether the object might be a celestial body.  PD));38.4149722222223;-82.4277134920637
