Unknown object appeared in photograph, was not noticed at the time photo was taken,Curious?;1996-04-14 13:00:00;?;Unknown object appeared in photograph, was not noticed at the time photo was taken,Curious? Resending.I do not know the exact date this happened, it was a sunday in April, I am not sure of the year but I did include coinciding events. The reason I put question marks in the initial entries above is basically the event occurred 'after the fact'.This event occurred around the time of the last comet event, I think it was Hale-Bopp, as another reference, it was around the same time as the mass Killing at the weirdo cult place where they all mutilated themselves. I was taking a photo of a new antenna that had just been installed around 1 to 2 o'clock in the afternoon. After the developement of the film is when the object was noticed. The conditions that day were partly cloudy and breezy with moderate temperatures.I had set up my tripod to take the photo and had aimed the camera at the antenna. I did not look up at the time I took the picture. I still have the negative. The object does appear on the photo in the second photo as a shadowy image against a blue sky. I am sending a scanned copy of the 2 photos that I did take just seconds apart,the difference in the clouds locations when compaired should verify that.If you would like actual prints, you could probably verify the time the photos were developed by the numbers on back of the actual copies. The film used was a 35 mm. These were developed thruogh a Wal-Mart located in Groton, Ct. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Sundays of April 1996 fell on April 7th, 14th, 21st, and 28th, I believe.  PD));41.3625;-72.0449
very obvious light in the sky not a plane or helicopter changes color often.;2007-02-14 21:00:00;45 min;very obvious light in the sky not a plane or helicopter changes color often. always a bright yellowish light in the sky not to high not to low but very visible seems to be lurking in the sky somewhat moving back and forth changing colors as well.  Blue and yellowish light blink often. not like a plane or a holicopter very strange.;41.3625;-72.0449
