10 orange/red round objects size of a large plane lights at night - this happened during fourth of July fireworks,  500 Lights On Objec;2009-07-04 21:30:00;15-20 minutes;10 orange/red round objects size of a large plane lights at night - this happened during fourth of July fireworks,  July 7, 2009: On July 4, 2009, approximately around 9:30 p.m. my husband pointed out a moving orange/red glowing light. We were facing north and the light was coming towards us slightly to the left side of the north, and to see the lights we needed to lift our heads up slightly in the distance the objects were coming from. When the object reached about 90 degrees to the left of its location, the object started to rise upward. As it did, I saw two more objects appear from the same point as the first one. The same thing happened. By the time the other two objects’ reach the other on, two more came out and the first object was very high in the sky and diminished. The angle we had to look at the first object was at that 90 degree angle from the way we were looking when it was closest to us. The object had seemed to rise a little below the stars and faded away.  This happened up to about ten objects. Time frame is around 15 minutes. We did no further investigation because I am skeptical and we had guest over watching the fire works. However, we believe in “anything is possible.” Today I went online to see if anyone reported this. I did find someone in Bartlett, Illinois. This town is about 10 to 15 minutes away and east of our location. He explained it in a similar way then the way it happened here. That confirmed to me that these were coming from other places. If these were homemade, I do not think the person could do this in other location that far away and have these objects follow one another. The man from Bartlett said the object got to a point where they formed in a line together. Then, I remembered looking on the internet and seeing that it has happened in other places than Illinois. I have seen similar pictures on the internet of that formation of lights. The object's sizes were almost the size of airplane lights off in a short distance. The lights, to me, glowed ever so softly, but were powerful in brightness. When I was observing how they were approaching it as though they were dangling from something, like a tiny helium balloon. However, we could not see any object connected to these lights. There were other people there is well and they saw the same thing. They may come forward, but who knows. We will try. One last thing,  Back in the early 1980’s, my ex-husband told me that he was walking in an old area by his house and saw a hovering craft. He said he was approached and told if he said anything that he would be killed. This happened in Carpentersville Illinois in a vacant area off of route 31 in Carpentersville, Illinois. The land used to be a race track. Which is technically North of where I live now. This is all I have to offer. I do believe that there is something. Are they spying ships for the government, UFO’s? I will never say they are a hoax anymore. There is something. Thank you for your time.;41.9966;-88.2963
2 lights high in sky that looked like 2 comets following the same path.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS and Space Shuttle in formation?  PD));2009-09-09 20:40:00;3 min;2 lights high in sky that looked like 2 comets following the same path while running i saw a light coming from the south west very high in the sky. what seemed odd about it considering we have a lot of plane activity here in Illinois is, that is had a sort of mist behind it that comets have. it would also speed up and slow down, then about a min later i spotted another one following its same path as the first. the lights didnt have any kind of blinking lights, they also didnt make any noise. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS and Space Shuttle in formation?  PD));41.9966;-88.2963
2 over easy egg shaped  objects orange in color with green static charges;2010-07-31 23:00:00;3 TO 4 Minutes;2 over easy egg shaped  objects orange in color with green static charges Saturday July 31st 2010 at approximately 11:45pm My niece and her husband were sitting around our campsite after a concert. My niece looked up and said what the f__k is that?  We saw two objects that were orange in color and round in shape. The orange color was much darker in the center. It looked much like an over easy breakfast egg. The outer portion was more like a glow coming off of the inner yoke portion for lack of a better term.  There were green colored static like charges which extended from the outer center of these objects to the outer center of surrounding glow. All three of us confirmed that we saw these green energy flows within the objects.  The objects appeared to be in a straight line with each other, with one being approximately one mile behind the other. I can only guess at the altitude which I would say was about 2500 feet. Maybe slightly lower.  We watched these objects for two or three minutes as they were moving slowly when suddenly the object behind was side by side with the first object. It happened in a split second. They proceeded slowly for a short time and the trailing object just kind of took a slight right turn and took off. The leading object lumbered around for a few moments and took a slight left turn and took off.  When they left you could see the speed and direction they were taking, but it was a split second later that you could no longer see them at all. I'm way too busy to be making this up. In fact, it's become more of a chore for me because I won't let it go. I know what I saw!;41.9966;-88.2963
