White-silverish round objects that started out perfect V formation, split up, circling and doing other shapes till disappeared.;2002-04-09 12:00:00;5-10 minutes;White -silverish round objects that started out perfect V formation, split up, circling and doing other shapes till disappeared Saw what I thought was a perfectV formation of birds right outside my house.  Sunny, blue sky day, some clouds.  Watched them, realized they were unusually high and white.  Trying to figure out what type of birds, when my husband came outside.  By then they had broken v formation and circled around each other.  I pointed them out, he couldn’t see them till he put on my sunglasses.  I realized they were not birds but couldn’t figure out what.  They were roundish shape, whitish and sometimes silver.  My husband suggested balloons, but I told him they were just in a perfect v formation.  It almost looked like they were playfully trying to make other shapes but not quite getting it.  I asked him to get the binoculars, never taking my eyes off them but then they just disappeared!;41.9966;-88.2963
three orange circular lights travelling WSW in area of South Elgin, IL, a far west suburb of Chicago.;2008-06-22 21:30:00;5 minutes;three orange circular lights travelling WSW in area of South Elgin, IL, a far west suburb of Chicago. At approximately 9:30pm Central Time, on Sunday, June 22.  I was standing in the street, on Sandhurst Lane, South Elgin, IL, 60177 USA, facing East.   I saw 3 orange lights travelling West-South-West just above the line of air travel.  They were travelling in a formation, in a triangle, then changed to a straight line formation, then an inverted triangle, before disappearing behind the tree-rooftop-line.  I watched to see if they would re-appear on the other side of the obstructions, and they did, just moments before changing formation again to a straight line, then disappearing.   There was some slight cloud cover, although not in the area where they disappeared.   There was no sound emitted from the craft.   There were several airline-type jets in the area, although none appeared to be in pursuit of the craft.    The observer is a female, 39 yo, was fully rested, not under the influence of any substances & is college educated.   Duration of entire encounter was 5 minutes.;41.9966;-88.2963
Strange orange Light over Northern Illinois.;2013-09-23 20:15:00;1-2 minutes;Strange orange Light over Northern Illinois My sightings first began the week after 9/11/13 the first time I noticed this light I was in the car with my friend we where driving home at first I noticed a singular Bright Orange Light. We stared at this light for a few seconds then notice 2 less bright light approaching the first making a triangular shape.  After a minute or two the other two lights stayed and the  Original light vanished at a blink of an eye. My second sighting happen about 4 days after driving home from work I looked up at the sky an noticed this Bright Orange Light in About the same position it had been the last time.  After a about 2 minutes it again disappeared. Now the third time saw this light I knew where to look an around the time I should look because I noticed it appeared at around 20:00 and 20:45 this time it was not a Singular light but instead it was  in a Triangular Shape with 2 other lights. I Watched the 3 lights Hover over the Northern Sky an about 5 minutes later two of t! he lights branched of in different directions one flew overhead the weird thing is it was only one light and it moved silently trough the sky(I thought it was a helicopter again)  Then the main light I have witnessed just vanished.( I have lived close enough to O'Hare to differentiate a Plane/helicopter From a Star and this Light is Neither);41.9966;-88.2963
