me and my girlfriend was thello I have a story of a ufo encounter that took place on jan 1 and the morning of jan 2 from 11 pm to 2 am ;2002-01-01 23:00:00;2hours;me and my girlfriend was thello I have a story of a ufo encounter that took place on jan 1 and the morning of jan 2 from 11 pm to 2 am of 2002 in central North Carolina. me and my girlfriend and her little girl was coming back from my fathers in the eastern part of the state from chirstmas visit. we travel a roads that have very little traffic on them throught some small towns.Has we left and past by pope airforce base and fort bragg NC. i noticed a light in the far distance that was really bright. it was a clear and cold night. and i first i though it was a start and as we drove farther down the road the light seemed to follow us it would get bright and then dim. it keep on doing that for around 100 miles of driving it just stayed right with us. my girlfriend was starting freak out a little.For me it was neat to see another UFO for i ahve seen them a lot in life but this one was the first to see in a long time. the craft seemed to get closer to us so i stopped on the side of the road and got out of the car. and then the light made a sudden 90 degree turn back to us and it light up the sky like daylight it was nto a spot light just everything seemed to glow. then it went to a light amber glow the craft was a triangle shap and it had this great big sphere on the under side of the craft like a ball cut in half and it had two long blue lines of light along the two sides of the craft it had stopped for min then it proceed back to the east. at this time my girlfriend was screamming to get out of there and i was just in all amazed it was only tree top high from about 75 feet to 100 feet up from me. then it just vanished in to the east it had no sound or nosie to it. even the trees did not move. i had told a guy that worked on planes with the militry and i told him i did not know what it was maybe a militry aircraft he replied they have some new aircraft now that has not been seen by the public so i still dont know what to think. because he did not confirm that what i seen was one but it makes you wonder;35.622;-80.0872
