Morphing UFO with two smaller orbs seen in broad daylight - Orbs w/fantastic speed /maneuvers;2009-10-15 14:00:00;5 min+;Morphing UFO with two smaller orbs seen in broad daylight - Orbs w/fantastic speed /maneuvers Had taken my indoors cat outside with me for some fresh air and a bit of sunshine.  I was on the telephone at the time also, so this sighting did not get my fullest attention sorry to say because this was extraordinary!  I'm always looking up and on that day, I happened to see the most unusual and hard to describe object!  It was white with a few appendages - at first.  I thought it was very strange and told my friend about it and then had to check to see that the cat wasn't escaping over the fence.  I was trying to convince who I was speaking to of what I was seeing, and after seeing the cat was ok I looked back up at the object.  It had been and was hovering in the same NE position.  What I saw next was that the things shape had changed and was changing. I then noticed that two other smaller orbs were either coming out of this thing or were coming from behind it because I had not noticed them before.  I focused in on the biggest of the 2 smaller orbs once ! they came into view.  This orb seemed to kind of change energy fields(?) because of its appearance like a forcefield around it, then rotated clockwise 3 times and in an instant darted downward angling to the left at a remarkable speed and then stopped (between but lower below the other two objects) and they all stayed in their relative positions.  It was almost as if it KNEW it had my undivided attention! Two more times this happened- the smaller objects darted in different directions/angles.  I was excitedly on the phone giving this account to my friend but couldn't convince them of my NOT having a rational explanation of this event.  At that time I decided to get my son from inside the house so he could witness this.  I put my head in the door to yell to him then turned around but they were gone!  I did some research on this and the closest thing resembling this sighting is the Strange Morphing UFO in Mexico that is on YouTube with the exception that my object was CLOUD ! -white color, and the orbs in my sighting were making some inc! redible maneuvers.  Please feel free to contact me if any questions.  PS I also saw a fast moving orb near a commercial airliner an hour or two before this. Time and date are approx. It was either Oct 15 or the 16, 2009 between 14-16:00.   Thank you ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of sighting is approximate.  PD));35.1893;-86.1098
