strange lights around Cody area;1996-05-01 22:00:00;1 minute;strange lights around Cody area I had two different sightings in the Cody area, both  around 1996. This was a long time ago but I will never forget these incidents. The funny thing was I didnt really care that much at the time but as the years go by I realize I saw something amazing.  The first one happened in the fields outside of Cody on the Powell highway. A friend and I were driving back into Cody from Powell at around 10-11 pm. We were coming into town and all of a sudden a  bright set of two orange lights slowly lifted out of one of the fields off to the right of the highway.  They were obviously attached to some sort of craft and possibly the light from some sort of engine, similar to a helicopter taking off but it moved slower at first and than faster , it slowly rose up out of the field and shot into the sky gaining speed as it ascended.  We were quite close , maybe within a mile of the object.  It was dark outside so I could not tell what shape the object was but it definitely had a solid mass to it. I would estimate the size to be about the size of a small to medium sized aircraft , perhaps 50 feet across. It had two orange lights that almost appeared to be rocket engines but not exactly. I could clearly see a huge cloud of thick exhaust coming from the object as it moved into the sky, illuminated by its own orange glowing “engines”. It was far to big to be a fireworks device or anything like that. It moved up in an arc but it rose up slowly , not really like a rocket, more like a helicopter. We were in a car and did not stop but we heard no noise which a helicopter that close would certainly have made.   The other strange thing about this is anyone from Cody knows this is only about a mile from the airport up on the hill. If this was a conventional aircraft why would it take off from a hayfield and not the airport, which was only a mile away?  I can not remember the exact date , I would guess this was April or May.  The next sighting was about 8 months later in January. I lived in Wapiti and was driving home from Cody at night. It was eerie and very quiet that night and snowing lightly. As I was driving past the Buffalo Bill Reservoir. I noticed an extremely bright white light to the left of me in the sky maybe about 500 feet in the air directly over the reservoir. This time I stopped my car because I thought it was a helicopter with a search light looking for something in the water. I turned off my engine and stepped out of my car. To my amazement it was dead quiet outside and not a soul was around. Very spooky. I watched the light shining down through the snow and it was mesmerizing. It was a brilliant white , just like a very bright searchlight.  I watched it for a few minutes and then something even weirder happened. As I watched it it slowly faded out like someone turned down a dimmer switch and at PRECISIELY the same time another white light faded on about a mile away toward the dam. The two lights were unmistakably connected somehow because  exactly as one faded out the other came on, almost like the object just teleported to another location a mile away. I suspect it was two different objects that were coordinating their signals. . This actually scared me and I got in my car and left. I never heard a single sound at all. It was absolutely quiet. The lights never moved at all , they stayed hovering in the same spots the whole time.  I have since talked to friends and two other people I know have seen similar things over the same reservoir.;44.5230999999999;-109.0756
Two silver glinting objects move purposefully in the clear blue sky above Cody Wy.;2016-03-19 01:30:00;10 minutes;Two silver glinting objects move purposefully in the clear blue sky above Cody, Wy. We had finished lunch at the Irma hotel in downtown Cody, WY, we exited from the east door by the saloon I looked up my left at the hotel and noticed a silver light flashing randomly in the sky.  I was looking northwest about 75 Deg. above the horizon.  At first i thought it was a mylar balloon,  or something similar, glinting in the sun at perhaps 5000’ overhead.  I pointed it out to my friend.  We both watched ti slowly float west for a minute or two.  Then it went back the way it came heading back west very slowly.  Then it stopped (I had it lined up with the top of the hotel, so I had a stable reference point).  It held its position still flashing randomly.   Then I noticed that there was another flashing object, the same as the first, coming from the west approx. 45 Deg above the horizon, but moving faster than the other object had been moving.  The first object was still stopped,  the second object came relatively close to the first (approx. 1.5 inches at measured at arm's length) and stopped also.   Then it headed back to the west  and slowly vanished from sight after aprox. 1 minute.  The first object headed more slowly to the north and I lost track of it, as it headed north.   I went into a store and when i cam out i scanned the sky and i saw a darkish object far to the west and headed out of sight south over the mountains.   That is the end of the incident. of course.  I had my eyes trained on the sky for the entire rest of the day as we drove north to Columbus, MT, and saw nothing more. I am a 58 yo male, who is an artist.  My friend  is a 65 yo male whom is retired, and is also an artist. We both agreed we could not identify the objects.;44.5230999999999;-109.0756
Two silver/white objects. Generally stationary but appeared to ascend occasionally.;2016-08-29 09:30:00;0.5 hour;Two silver/white objects.  Generally stationary but appeared to ascend occasionally.  Observed South of Cody, Wyoming.  (20 miles or so down the south fork road.)   Random flashes and random, minor shape changes. Observed for a half hour or so before we left.  Objects remained in sight the entire time. Clear, blue sky with no clouds.;44.5230999999999;-109.0756
