UFO(s) spotted at sprint car race in Virginia, 4 (?) objects spotted;2006-05-27 22:00:00;20 Seconds;UFO(s) spotted at sprint car race in Virginia, 4 (?) objects spotted I was at a ASCS sprint car race at Virginia Motor Speedway in Saluda, Virginia. I saw 4 bright lights ascend, and then hover in the air for approx. 5 seconds and fly away. The area is rather remote so I ruled out being commercial aircraft. I work at a military installion, NAS Oceana where we have many F-18 fighter aircraft flying. It was not F-18's because the only time they fly with their lights on is when they are on the ground taxiing, or when they are approaching the runway. I know there is a coast guard facility about 30 miles from the track, but I don't think what I saw could have been done by a helicopter. I have lived near an airport (CID, Cedar Rapids Iowa Municipal Airport) all my life, and never seen anything like I saw this evening. I can't say I'm 100% sure it was something abnormal, but being around aviation my whole life, nothing I have ever seen was like I saw tonight. I was with two other friends, and one dismissed it as he figured it was just a small aircraft, but my other friend thought it looked quite out of the ordinary as well. I saw 4 lights, which where white in color, and I saw them moving across the sky at a fairly quick rate, and then they stopped for about 5 seconds and continued on their way. It looked to me as if all four lights were independent, but my friend who agreed that something weird had happened wasn't sure. I heard someone else say that they were Speed TV's helicopters covering the race, but I was at the track before the sprint cars were racing and they never passed over the track, and I never heard them or anything. The only possible explanation I can come up with was that they were F-18s flying in formation, but why they did they have their lights on? Why were they 80 miles away from their normal fly zone? Why didn't I hear the engines? How did they hover in the air for nearly five seconds without changing direction? The objects were going to fast for how close the lights were, but I didn't hear anything, and that was one of the main reasons I found what I saw very strange. Please get back to me to let me know what was going on. I've always been a skeptic of UFO's but what I saw tonight was nothing like I have ever seen. Please let me know if there were any others that that thought it was strange, there had to be at least 1,000 people at the race tonight, I know other people saw it.;37.5951;-76.5972
