Iobserved an object changing colors and moving in a manner inconsistent with anything i've ever seen. I woke my wife and asked her to l;1999-03-23 03:00:00;2.0 hours;Iobserved an object changing colors and moving in a manner inconsistent with anything i've ever seen. I woke my wife and asked her to look out to the northwest.  she saw the object too and advised me to report it to the local airport.  It moved like a kite in the wind and changed from a light green to yellow-white, to red every few seconds. it gave the appearence of moving away from me and eventually faded from view.Using binoculars, I could dissern an oval shape tilted on its edge at a great distance from me, maybe 50 miles. I waited until it faded away behind the trees.  the light source looked like a gas-filled oval tube on the object's edge. I WILL be watching again tonight. Ioriganally saw an object changing colors around 0100 hrs but dismissed it as some kind of sattilite or maybe a planet reflecting light.  I looked out again 1 hour later and saw it contnue to chane colors. I waited 20 minutes then went to wake up my wife. We both watched   it from inside for about 1 hour.  I called around until i got the phone number to report it.  Afterwords went outside with binoculars to confirm my suspision.  There were no other objects in the sky exhibiting the same color or movement.  It appread to h0ver and dip in the same part of the sky until about 0400.;45.0192;-93.4311285714286
side by side  reddish  very fast tip to tip flying surfboards in Minnesota.;2004-08-18 21:00:00;10 sec;side by side  reddish  very fast tip to tip flying surfboards in Minnesota. My family were sitting out in the front yard around 9:00-9:30 Sept 18th. A very clear night. We were looking at stars and talking about meteors and other things in the night sky. My 6 year old daughter asked if I had ever seen any UFOs. I said with all the sky watching I've done over the years I never had. I do think they exist. I'm an aviation buff. I do a lot of amature astronomy & sky watching. Meteor showers, Planets, Northern lights, Helicoptors, military aircraft. I've seen some pretty spectacular meteors. Even one that hit the earth. I know aircraft & stuff in the sky. About 2 minutes after I said I'd never seen a UFO my wife said is that one? I thought she was kidding. The kids got pretty excited. I looked up to the west. What I say sent a chill up my spine. 2 dark red oval or surf board shaped objects traveling side by side. They looked like two sets of eliptical wings like a WW 2 Spitfire but no fuselage. It looked like they had some kind of internal glow or lighting. A rust red or dark orange. I thought it looked like they had some kind of geometric pattern on the bottom that mimiced the eliptical shape of craft. Maybe a light or window. My 9 year old daughter thought on of them tilted a bit and she could see the top and it had some kind of structure like a box on the top. They seemed to be in formation. Traveling very fast straight east. No sound at all. We get a of approaching air traffic for Mpls, St Paul Int airport. Pretty high up here. I know they were not any   They apeared to get get kind of close and then make a sharp 30 degree turn.No slow down what so ever. They made about 3 or 4 of these quick course changes and were headed straight north. With in 3 or 4 seconds they were compleatly gone. The whole event lasted maybe 10 or 12 seconds. We all compared our notes and had seen the exact same thing. I've seen a lot of stuff in the sky and knew what I was seeing but I've never seen any thing like this. They manuvered like no aircraft I'ver ever seen and were incredably fast. It was pretty amazing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  We would like to correspond with the witness in order to request an illustration of what the witnesses observed.  PD));45.0192;-93.4311285714286
