Strange object slowing moving west, arc north, disappear and return, shifting shape and color as it moved near North Aurora, Illinois.;2011-05-28 22:05:00;approx 3-4 minutes;Strange object slowing moving west, arc north, disappear and return, shifting shape and color as it moved near North Aurora, Illinois. On the evening of Saturday, May 28, 2011, we had arrived home from a road trip out of state. My son (14) and daughter (17) and I (45) unloading the car around 2300 hrs.  We live in North Aurora, Illinois. While my son and I were inside, my daughter yelled through the open front door for me to quickly come outside.  My son and I ran out to see her pointing toward the northern sky. Across from out house is an open field, where baseball and soccer is played. North in the sky was a slowly moving flashing/flickering ball shaped light.  As it flickered it appeared to shift shape and color.  It varied from a whitish color to an orange-red color.  The shape seemed to change during the color change, from a roundish shape to a slight horizontal oblong shape with a dome above and below the oblong. It continued to move westward. My son ran inside for binoculars while my daughter ran in to get my camera.  She was able to take one picture of it.  I called inside for my husband who came out and declared it was an airplane and then went back inside to go to bed.  My kids and I continued to watch, what we clearly knew was NOT an airplane, it move west then arc north and disappear as quickly as it had appeared.  It never made any noise in which we could hear. We took our things back inside and checked outside a few seconds later and saw it had come back.  It began its route in the same area where my daughter had first seen it and called us to join her.  I then ran in for my camcorder and began to videotape this strange moving object.  It did the exact same route, slowly moving west, arcing north and disappearing.  I taped around 1minute and 20 seconds of video, in which I was able to sloppily zoom in to show the clarity of its shape shifting and color. I have uploaded the video to YouTube.  You can find it by searching UFO? near North Aurora Illinois.   The video gets a little crazy when I zoomed in because my camcorder is only about 3 weeks old and I am not used to the quick zoom feature.  This object did not jump all over the place as it appears in the video.  That was my lack of control of the camera.  The object only made a slow steady progression west, arc north and disappear.;41.8094;-88.3253
