Bright white light, jets out from high in the sky. (looked like a spotlight);2008-02-27 19:15:00;5 seconds;Bright white light, jets out from high in the sky. (looked like a spotlight) My Brother and I, were sitting in my hot tub in my backyard, looking up at the stars for a while when we saw one very bright white light jet out from the sky. We saw no apparent craft. The light was visible for 5 seconds, and then the light dimmed out and disappeared.  I would characterize the light as looking like a spotlight.  It was approximately 60 degrees in the sky.  I am 16 and go to high school my brother is 12 and attends junior high school;41.8094;-88.3253
Two lights in north aurora, white to yellow to orange in color, slow in movment;2011-06-09 23:50:00;Twenty minutes;Two lights in north aurora, white to yellow to orange in color, slow in movment I was driving back from Yorkville coming down oak street turning off of Orchard road heading toward North Aurora.  As I was driving down North Aurora, I quickly saw two lights which I have spotted weeks before in Montgomery/Oswego, and on another occasion right outside of Yorkville. I have seen these lights for a total of about three times, two of which are the exact same lights/craft and motioned the same...two different locations, the first sighting was in Yorkville about three weeks ago where I saw two lights in the sky.  It started with one light, than another from a very far distance moved in a strange arc toward the other later to align, shortly after aligning one will go out or disappear only to reappear somewhere else.  This happened three weeks ago in Yorkville. Today, 9 June 2011 I have spotted the same exact lights and the crafts put on the same light show.  The only difference, is that this time I had a witness, my close roommate.   I quickly called them out to view what I had been seeing to my luck, I was able to show them too my roommate before they disappeared. What I saw tonight exactly:  1)  Two lights of the same luminosity both hovering and stationary but occasionally moving slow from one direction to another. 2)  The colors change from white, yellow or almost a burning orange, it also seems that the colors and light changes, sometimes they look very distant and faint only to out of no where become very bright again. 3)   I saw the lights on 9 June 2011 in North Aurora, however, I saw these same lights three weeks ago outside Yorkville. 4)  Two weeks ago I saw a fireball craft, almost the exact same craft found in the most recent Oswego UFO sighting, the report can be found easily on google.  (An excerpt from the article:  It appeared to be a ball of fire falling toward earth at a 45-degree angle.  Suddenly, he says, the flame extinguished and the trail of smoke changed direction, rising to a 30-degree angle...   What was interesting is that it did look similar to the lights, but it was extremely close...I could see what seemed like a flame but not a flame from any fire I have seen. All in all, it appears this same report has been made about five days ago.  I want to know more.;41.8094;-88.3253
