Four brilliant SPHERES fly overhead in daylight sky;2007-10-21 16:30:00;6 mins;Four brilliant SPHERES fly overhead in daylight sky At approx 4:30 PM  I was with my friend at the intersection of Oak and Main Mtreet , South Amboy, NJ  taking a brief break from our bike rides when I glanced up to the North East sky and observed a small  bright, brilliant sphere shaped object traversing the sky from the SW to the NE alsmost directly overhead.  The sky was a brilliant blue, temp in mid 70's and the visibilty was unlimited. The sun was to our backs, my friend said they might be fighter aircraft but I said no way, too fast.  As soon as that object faded from view to the NE, another SPHERE came along in the general same track this one PULSED a few times along the flight path.  Again, it faded from view to the NE.  The color was a golden yellow and real sharp and defined, but small.  No estimate of altitude but it was up there. I joked, these must be UFO's any more? and sure enough, another came along this time to our  left but followed the same flight path.  No pulsing, just a steady, bright light.  Again, faded from view in NE distance and again, a fourth object, the last, came into view as same as third, but this one pulsed a few times as it zipped over head and on to the NE. The color of these objects were all consistant and the only reference of luminosity would be the yellowish hi-way lights they use to light the interstates, only more intense.  No contrails or erratic flight, just straight and true. It was really strange how brilliant these objects were and stood out against the daylight sky.  Thanks.........;40.4636;-74.2784
Orange spheres moved across the sky in irregular patterns.;2016-08-20 20:45:00;15 minutes;Orange spheres moved across the sky in irregular patterns. There were 8 objects that appeared from behind trees on the horizon.   Their color fluctuated from orange to red and pulsated.   They appeared two at a time and flew quickly at first, then slowed.  They would dip and climb until they disappeared.;40.4636;-74.2784
