I tried to get on to Art Bell on 1/17/04, but could not. What compelled me to write was that a) I am a journalist, and you talked about;1997-06-13 16:00:00;40 min.;I tried to get on to Art Bell on 1/17/04, but could not. What compelled me to write was that a) I am a journalist, and you talked about why journalists don't report, and b) I heard a woman from Phoenix talk about how a laser shot down from a craft she observed in 1997. I am not sure of the date I witnessed the craft I saw, although I could do more research if you are really interested, but I think it might have been June, 1995 or possibly, June 1997. I remember that one of the Batman movies was premiering because I thought this triangular shaped black object might be advertisubg that. It was about 4 pm... and I was sitting in the living room of my apartment, which was situated on the thrid floor of a condo adjacent to Beverly Hills. I happened to notice an object in the sky, off to the east, which I realized was not moving. After several minutes of glancing back and forth at this object, I went to get my binoculars. The object was standing practically still and it was a black tiangular shape. When I peered at it through the binoculars, I saw what I recall as orange lights along the bottom side of the craft. I tried to phone the Beverly Hills Police department, but they were not interested. They refered me elsewhere and before it was over, I'd phoned the LAPD, Beverly Hills Police, and a military base, recomended to me by whomever I spoke to at the police station. The amazing thing was no one seemed to believe me. I remember wanting to got get a neighbor to see, but I was afraid that if I left this object, it would dissappear and when I brought someone back, they would think I was nuts. So I stayed put. I had no film in the camera...which I cursed myself for...so all I could do was watch. The amazing thing was that I seemed to be the only one to see it. I remember asking some one from the police department to 'just go outside and look!' and they acted as if I were nuts. Towards the end of the experience, I saw a laser type beam come from the craft down... and because I had been in this apartment during the Northridge Earthquake, and saw the power plant expolode and all the lights flash on and off, I felt as if the beam was going down to where the power plant was. That made me wonder if somehow this craft had to gain power from the transformers there. After about 40 minutes, this simply dissapeared. One minuet I saw it, and the next, I did not. Like some of your viewers, I waited to hear about this on the local news and was baffeled when I heard nothing. I am a highy respected journalist and a friend of Glynis McCants, who has appeared on Coast to Coast on many occasions. If you have any questions, please feel free to call. ((name and telephone # deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.0723853949332;-118.393940238449
