Single points of light, orange/yellow in color, much like meteors. There was broken cloudcover, and the lights would appear and disappe;1998-11-21 22:00:00;1/2 hour;Single points of light, orange/yellow in color, much like meteors. There was broken cloudcover, and the lights would appear and disappear through the cloud cover. Initial observation was looking out over the ocean (east)from a hotel balcony which limited the overall field of vision. One light passed north to south in a straight line.  I assumed it was a meteor.  Then another light passed south to north within seconds and made a series of minor turns.  I don't believe that meteors follow curved paths.  My friend then came out and also observed a few of the lights many of which would disappear from our view overhead.  We went down to the beach and found the embers from a camp fire.  I assumed that we had seen flying embers though I didn't understand how they could have come from very different directions nor how they could seem to disappear through clouds implying some height.  We covered the fire with sand and saw 2 more of the lights. I am an engineer and the other observer an insurance professional.  We have both been amateur astronomers. My perception was that the objects were quite small.  There paths reminded my of wind born objects yet they traveled in very different directions no two followed the same path.  There apparent origin points would also cover a wide expanse. The apparent brightness of the objects was minimal no brighter than the stars in Orion's belt. Please see the 11/14 picture at the following website (http://www.((address deleted)).html). People flying burning gliders?  The changes in origin puzzle me, buit the winds were quite strong and gusty.;35.3521;-75.5104
Red light dividing into 4;2004-10-28 20:00:00;4 sec;Red light dividing into 4 I was fishing down on the beach near Avon thursday night around 8 pm.  I turned to walk back to my truck and saw some strange red lights in the sky.  I was wondering if maybe you know what these lights were.  With my back to the ocean, the light appeared just a little to the left.  It was high in the sky. About cloud level at maybe a 45 degree angle from me.  It was round about the size of your little finger nail held out at arms length.  The light first appeared by itself for about two seconds then another light seemed to come out of it like almost instantly to the left. It was spaced away from the first about the same distance as the diameter of the first light then another came out of the second, and another, and another, until there were either four or five lights side-by-side in the sky all the same size..  Then I can't, remember for sure,  they either went out all at one time or they went out one at a time in the order they lit up.  I was fishing south of the point wednesday night and saw two red lights side-by-side lower to the ground toward Frisco.  I didn't really think anything about them at the time.  I assumed they were two jets.  They were just lit for a couple of seconds also.;35.3521;-75.5104
