Orange orbs hovering over the beaches of North Carolina along with erratically behaving white lights;2012-05-15 23:00:00;Hour and a half;Orange orbs hovering over the beaches of North Carolina along with erratically behaving white lights My husband and I are visiting family on the Outer Banks of North Carolina this week.  Around 11:00 pm, three of us (my husband, my best friend, and I) decided to walk to the beach and look at the stars.  This is something I enjoy doing when I come to the beach.  When we got there, we all sat down on our beach towels to look at the sky.  It was a clear night with occasional small, thin clouds rolling through. About fifteen minutes after getting there, I was turned to the southeast, facing my friend and chatting.  My husband was on the other side of me.  I suddenly saw a bright orange orb-shaped object appear in the sky above us.  It did not fall from the sky or come from the ground or ocean.  It simply appeared.  We all sat up and watched it.  Seconds later, two other identical objects appeared next to the original one, and they hovered there for a moment before disappearing.  This happened five or six times.  The orbs appeared to be moving in a formation, with the two secondary orbs following the lead of the first.  After about fifteen minutes of this, we did not see any more of the orbs. A few minutes later, we noticed that a smaller, whiter light that had been stationary over the horizon, out on the sea, was starting to move.  It moved horizontally southward, and also up.  It moved erratically, quickly, and occasionally moved northward and back and forth.  A second light of the same size appeared a few minutes later.  We watched these lights for close to an hour.  The second light appeared to follow the first.  They moved all the way across the horizon in a matter of minutes.  These were certainly not boats or any aircraft that we’ve ever seen.  No boat or aircraft moves or behaves the way these lights did. My husband and I also saw one giant flash of white light near the area where the two smaller white lights originated.  My husband described this flash as looking like a strobe light: quick, round, and intensely bright.  It did not appear to be lightning. My best friend is not a believer in aliens or UFOs, but even she has absolutely no explanation or guesses as to what we saw tonight, particularly the original orange orbs of light.  They were absolutely quiet, and moved in such a smooth, orderly way.  These were not airplanes, meteors, Chinese lanterns, satellites, fireworks, or any of the typical guesses that people give.;35.3521;-75.5104
Two hovering crafts appeared in Avon, NC, and emitted a distinct pattern of 4 circular orangish lights each.;2012-09-25 21:30:00;5 seconds x 3;Two hovering crafts appeared in Avon, NC and emitted a distinct pattern of 4 circular orangish lights each. After coming home from dinner on Sept 25, we sat out on the deck on our oceanfront house in Avon, NC.  Around 9:30 pm, two objects appeared in the sky very close to our house hovering just over the ocean.  I could not make out the exact shape of the objects, but both emitted a pattern of 4 large, circular, organish lights.  Each light lit up individually in a row on both crafts, and then all together.  Then the crafts disappeared, as well as the sound.  A few minutes later, the crafts reappeared about a half a mile south down the beach.  The crafts emitted the exact same pattern of lights, and then disappeard.  They reappeared one more time much futher south with the same light pattern.  This was the last time that we saw them.  Soon after, we saw 3 military jets come together (from different areas) in a triangle formation and flew off together towards the north.  We are all level headed and agree that it was certainly an abnormal sighting.  Unfortunately, w! e did not get any pictures or videos.  The crafts defied the laws of physics - there was no trajectory, no gravity seemed to be acting on it, and the sound disappeared when the crafts did.;35.3521;-75.5104
