A light flashed by a man at close range.;1997-04-15 10:00:00;2 seconds;A light flashed by a man at close range. 2009 05/13 These notes are just for me.  They are not intended for others to see or judge me by. Please forgive me for writing down these observations.  I am a hard working man focused on making a living for my wife and family.  I do not make things up.  The observations I am writing about actually happened to me.  I was never going to write about them, but then today I decided to make a few quick notes about my experiences.  I have two college degrees in science and have worked in the medical field for over 30 years.. About 10 yrs ago, I lived with my wife in an upstairs apartment. I was the only one home that day. It was a spring day at about 10 AM.  I went to the bathroom and as I was leaving the bathroom, a bright orange object shot by me faster than my eyes could follow it.  It was about the size of a dime (0.25” diam), it came from my left(east to west) (bathroom window sill on left is about 5’ above floor and window was open) and went to my right at about shoulder height (decending at an angle of 10 deg toward the floor).  When I looked to the right to follow the object, it was gone in less than a split second and all I could see was the closed bathroom door. Needless to say, I was startled the object came within 1 ft of me.  My eyes only gazed at the closed door for a second and since there was nothing to see, my eyes returned to the center (normal position).  Then, to my surprise, the orange ball streaked back in the opposite direction (to my left going west to east) toward the bathroom window.  Again it went so fast that my eyes couldn’t follow it.  I looked to my left and it was gone. The incident shook me up.  I have to admit that I was frightened and shaking for a few minutes. I immediately went to the bathroom window and looked down and up.  There was no one down below, all the surrounding buildings were only one story, (so no one from another building could be playing a prank on me with a laser pointer), and there were no airplanes or helicopters in the sky above. I left the bathroom and looked around the apartment and noticed that all the the windows had the drapes closed.  I immediately ran outside the building and looked around.  No one was there.  I wanted to knock on doors and ask neighbors if they saw anything, but I stopped myself.  I would have made a fool out of myself. I calmed myself down,  I had a busy day of work ahead of me.  I tried to convince myself that I was just seeing things that weren’t really there (an optical illusion or a malfunction of my optic nerve, or brain).  But, the fact that the object came back and went the other way made me think it was real.  Still, to this very day I refuse to speculate on what it could have been.  The only thing I know for sure,is it did occur, and I try not to think about it.  I am only writing this down for my own notes about life.  About how things happen to people that can’t be explained. I had this same bazaar experience a few weeks later, while I was walking out of my bedroom  in the hall between the bathroom, bedrooms and living room.  The orange ball flashed by me at about shoulder height. I can’t remember the exact direction it came from, but I do remember it was a different direction than the event in the bathroom.  I don’t remember if it went in front of me and then came back the other way as it did in the bathroom.  It occurred at about the same time (around 10:00 AM).  The hall was dimly lit as all the drapes were closed.  I was the only one home.  I was startled but not as scared as the previous time.  I looked around inside and outside the apartment as and found no one or nothing out there. I even went to get my eyes checked after these experiences.  The doctor told me that a detached retina would be a blinding flash of white light over my entire visual field.  So this anomaly was not caused by a detached retina.  I don’t fantasize or make up stories to entertain myself so this was not the result of that.  In fact, I wish I had NOT experienced these events. Nevertheless, it did open my mind to the possibility that there are things going on around us that we may not be totally aware of. Nothing like this ever happened to me before or since then.  It has been more than ten years since I observed this anomaly.  I was too busy to write down what happened at that time and I really shouldn’t be taking the time to write about it now.  I didn’t want to scare my wife, so I didn’t tell her what happened until a month later.  I just wanted to know if she had encountered anything like this.  She told me she had not seen or heard anything unusual.  At first she thought I was joking, but when she realized I was serious, she became frightened.  I calmed her down by telling her since nothing bad had happened to us, there was nothing to worry about.  This experience, changed the way I look at the real world.  It made me ask myself many questions: •	What if the orange ball that flashed past me would have me hit me?  Would it have damaged my body?  What if it had already hit me on another occasion and I didn’t know it? •	Why did I see it?  (I do not believe I was chosen to see it, or there was a message to me in seeing it, I think it was just a random event) Why did it flash by and then come back the way it came?  Why did I experience this anomaly twice?  It is pointless to speculate on the causes of this anomaly, so I try to put it out of my mind, but something tells me I should record these events. •	Have other people encountered anything like this? •	What other things are going on that people observe, but dismiss them as illusions, or say to themselves, “What I just saw couldn’t have happened, so I must be seeing things.” Or people might think to themselves, “ It didn’t really happen, so I should just forget about it.  I better not tell anybody else about it, because they will think I am weird or crazy. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.9167999999998;-118.343200000002
Two white round star objects moving very slowly over Los Angeles during daytime bright blue skies.skies;2004-02-01 11:57:00;11 minutes;Two white round star objects moving very slowly over Los Angeles during daytime bright blue skies.skies Looking north,to over Los Angeles,Ca.from Hawthorne,Ca.from my large sit-down looking out window,listening to radio,I saw what looked to be a white daytime star moving very slowly north west against a very blue sky.It moved in one direction a little,then in another,then at times coming to a complete stop.I then wondered if it was a white baloon....but a baloon would have been wind blown east,not moving a little,then stopping.Then just after 12 noon out of no-where another white star appeared fairly near-by the other white star looking object.Yes,they both moved just a little,with one seemingly looking down at Hollywood,and the other looking down at the San Frenando Valley parts of Los Angeles....8 minutes after 12 noon my eyes were too light-struct to keep watching,so gave up following them.Later after 10 minutes I checked to see if they were still there,but saw nothing futher.;33.9167999999998;-118.343200000002
Ufo from out of this world.;2014-05-11 23:00:00;10 minutes;Ufo from out of this world At around 10 pm me and my friend saw some type of aircraft flying in sight from my backyard.  It was a bright green orb with 4 red dots on the back.   This object was flying in patterns no man made air craft on planet earth could.   The ufo was scanning the aircraft on the LAX flight route just where the planes go in for the landing.   Every time a plane flew by the UFO scanned each plane.   This whole ordeal lasted 10 minutes;33.9167999999998;-118.343200000002
