Five bright lights or glowing oval objects hovered over the horizon south of Panama City Beach, FL, during Memorial Day 1979.;1979-05-06 21:00:00;1.5 hours;Five bright lights or glowing oval objects hovered over the horizon south of Panama City Beach, FL, during Memorial Day 1979. It was around Memorial Day Weekend, 1979, when my immediate family gathered at our newly built  beach house on Spyglass Drive in PCB.  It was right after dinner, the sun had been down for an hour or two.  Through the living room picture window, I noticed a bright light hovering--actually descending slowly at about  70 degrees until it reached the horizon.  It seemed to light up the ocean below it and it glowed intensely.  Then another bright light appeared in the same place high up in the night sky and began to slide toward the first one.  I called them to the attention of my family--who continued watching TV.  So I went outside, on the balcony, and was surprised at the brightness of the two lights (the picture windows had darkly tinted glass).  I looked at them and decided they were the perfect subject to test some new Kodacolor 400 ASA film I had just purchased.  I was into photography then and had a nice Minolta.  I shot between eight and ten exposures bracketting around a second each.  I am attaching two I recently scanned.  In a matter of half an hour there were five bright lights hovering over the horizon, as you can see in the top photograph. The little vertical lines under each light are the result of my moving the camera slightly during exposure.  The photo below, which may be the first one in the series, accurately reflects their shape.  My father, mother, brother, sister and brother-in-law came out to see them.  We all wondered what they could be.  Helicopters?  The night was silent but for the murmur of the rolling waves.  My brother-in-law went to the piano and played the five first notes of the Close Encounters theme by John Williams.  We saw the neighbors coming outside also and asked them what they thought the lights were. The lady said we should tune in the local TV news at eleven. They will have the answer, she said.  In about 45 minutes the lights went back up into the sky.  One at a time, but faster than they came down.  We want inside to watch the news but they were not mentioned.  So I called the NBC station and they didn't know anything about any lights.  They suggested I should call  Tyndall Airforce Base--which I did but no one there had an explanation for whatever it was that we saw.  The next morning I asked everyone if I had dreamt the thing about the lights.  No, I hadn't.  But nobody really wanted to talk about it.  I kept insisting.  My father said: We're near the Air Force Base.  They test things all the time.  For a while I showed the photos to friends and told the story.  Then they were put away.  I just came across them again and scanned those two when I went looking for family photos for a web page project.  I'm sorry that the files are big, but if ever resolution mattered, it's in these cases,  no?  I also have the negatives which may contain more picture information.  Any one interested in this?  Any one knows what we saw? ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));30.2406142857143;-85.8471285714286
Its was a crisp clear night during the summer of 1996 and my roommate and I were sitting on the beach behind some local clubs.We had go;1996-07-01 00:00:00;about 1 minute;Its was a crisp clear night during the summer of 1996 and my roommate and I were sitting on the beach behind some local clubs.We had gotten off work about an hour earlier and we decided to sit on the beach and relax. We were making small talk and I was checking out the stars because we both have a fascination with the universe. I was watching a satellite hover by across the sky when I noticed a bright light like a star(but brighter) hovering back and forth. I asked her if she could see it but she couldn't quite point out where I was looking cause there were so many stars out that night.I watched it for about 30 more seconds and the light took off in a zig zag formation. After that I freaked out cause I know that satellites and planes DO NOT DO THAT!! I will never forget the experience! THEY R OUT THERE!!;30.2406142857143;-85.8471285714286
Multiple flights over panama city beach florida chased by aircrafts;2004-04-01 22:00:00;15 About 15 minutes;Multiple flights over panama city beach florida chased by aircrafts My girlfriend and I were sitting on the beach facing south on the gulf of mexico, at Camp Helen State Park.    We had been sitting for a while when we noticed three orange lights at relatively low altitude in the distance at about southeast relative to us (in the direction of tyndall airforce base).   These lights were arranged in a row and were clearly seen high enough over the horizon to know it was not a boat or anything like that.  They would flash in intermitent patterns, sometimes one would flash at a time or all three at once, they would even flash in sequence.   After noting this for about ten minutes we noticed something else.  At about a 50 degree angle to the south, about five miles form were at we noticed a distinct blue light floating motionless in the sky.  After about one minute this light split into two lights.  These started floating apart in a spiral trajectory moving clockwise.  Once they were somewhat far from each other one flew off at high speed towards the east while the other one started to look as if it was coming closer to our location.  After the second light was out of sight we heard the roaring of two jet aircraft come from the southeast and the second light quickly flew out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));30.2406142857143;-85.8471285714286
Military exercises or UFO chasing?;2004-07-05 20:30:00;30 min+;Military exercises or UFO chasing? In July of 04 my family consisting of my dad,mom,older brother and myself were traveling east down a popular stretch of road in panama city beach that is parallel to the beach for about a 20 mile stretch called front beach road. I just looked over the Gulf like I have countless times in my 21 years of growing up here. About 1/4 mile of the beach were there reddish-orange lights about 300 ft above the water. I roled my window down to get a better look and asked my brother (who is in the coast guard)if those were signal flares. He replied yes and told my dad to pull over, luckily there was I large stretch of open beach were we spotted them. We rolled down the windows and we slowly realized something wasnt right. the lights were stationary and in perfect alignment as well as space from each other. My brother replied those arent flares and a curious silence came about us as wew tried to figure out what we were looking at.There were 5 lights, they kept blinking in random patterns(one side to the other or 1 would turn off and on while another did the same in reponse. the night was perfect for visibility the moon was full and to the south shining down onto the Gulf waters. There wasnt a cloud in the sky so I still dont understand why I along with my familydid notseetructure, it was just these lights. had there been a structure I would think we could have made an outline of it becuase there was moonlight behind it but we saw no obvious shape. The lights went on for only about 30 seconds and they dissapeared for about 5 seconds then all of a sudden on the horizon the southeast we saw the same lights only 2 this time turned on and off one time and we didnt see them again.  Months later my roomate and I were traveling down the same road as we did every day because we lived in a house on the beach about 2 miles from my first sighting. it was about the same time at night and I saw one the lights agian! This one was a single light with a more orange-white color to it. I shouted look at that my roomate Immediately saw it and I pulled off the road at almost the same spot as before. I told all my friends about what I had seen before and they didnt really care because you cant emphasize how amazing it was to see what I had seen. i pointed in my roomates face and said  Y told you and he was spaechless like I was the first time. We watched this light for only about 15 seconds and the light either jetted south at a rate of speed which no U.S. aircraft could match or the object literally went down into the water. I still dont know what it did to this day. We then went to our house and stood on the porch and looking over the Gulf and we saw an event of lights whish I cant put into words. I dont know how far they were from us but they were definately more than 2 miles out. i saw countless bright red lights popping up all over the sky close to the water not up in the stars.We also saw the orange white lights again but not in the numbers like the red ones. We watched for over 30 minutes and we heard and saw military planes coming from the east (from Eglin air base9 as well as from the west(from Tyndall air base) they proceeded out into the Gulf. at one point I saw a string of lights go off at once which really resembled counter measures that are released fome fighter planes to evade missles. I should mentionthat none these lightsdidnotdo eratic manuvers but the red lights appereared  stationary when they poped up in lage numbers (between 20 and 50). we went back inside beacuse it was so cold and to this day Feb.15, 2006 I have yet to the the mystrious lights which I will NEVER forget. Oh yes and the lights never had a sound or a trail to them. Everytime I look out to the Gulf at night i still hope to spot these lights again. Please E-MAIL me if you have any questions about what I ve just told you. I would be gratful for any explanations for what I saw.;30.2406142857143;-85.8471285714286
large orange reddish light in the night sky moving across sky instantly;2006-05-02 22:00:00;30mins;large orange reddish light in the night sky moving across sky instantly At approx 10pm we were about 45 miles off shore fishing off Panama city beach, and I seen what looked like just a very large visible planet in the night sky with an orange reddish color, and didnt think much about it for about 30 mins or so. while i was watching, it stayed in one spot all that time about 30 mins or so, then disappeared and reappeared in the other side of the sky instantly. then about 3 seconds lated it appeared back at the original spot instantantly , and then split into  two separate round lights exactly same color size etc. than after about 3 to 5 seconds later it disappeared;30.2406142857143;-85.8471285714286
Large, orange glowing “stars”, rapidly blinking lights, and USOs fill the night sky and gulf waters in PCB.;2014-04-09 20:30:00;2-3 hours;Large, orange glowing “stars”, rapidly blinking lights, and USOs fill the night sky and gulf waters in PCB My son and I were on vacation in PCB last week.  We were staying right on the beach in the west end.  On Wednesday night, just after sundown, I went out to my balcony to watch the stars and smoke a cigarette.  I looked up and directly in front of my POV in the sky, which was the second floor of the hotel, was a bright, orange, glowing light like the color of Mars in the night sky.  First one, then multiple glowing “stars” appeared after about 30-45 minutes of the first one.  At first I thought it was a flare, but it was too big and didn’t arc and burn out and fall towards the gulf.  These lights would dim and then just disappear only to appear in a completely different spot from the previous one.  At one point, there was a glowing orange light to my left higher up in the sky and simultaneously one to my right slightly lower and seemed closer.  The one to the right split into 2 balls, and the one to my left split into 4 balls.  This happened several times.  The entire event l! asted about 4 hours.  Also, when the glowing orange “stars” would disappear, there would be blinking lights all around - sometimes one, other times 2-3.  They, too, would just disappear and then reappear somewhere else in the sky.  These “stars” didn’t move they just glowed and disappeared or multiplied then disappeared.  However, the last one of the night glowed brightly for about 15 minutes then split into two orange “stars” and started moving towards our building.  They turned into (?!?) flying vehicles with flashing red and white lights.  When they were overhead, they appeared to be boomerang shaped with the lights being on the bowed part which seemed to be the front of the vehicle.  There was no sound. We also saw this same night, in between the glowing orange “star” show, a triangular (right triangle) formation of three stars.  Then a forth one appeared in between the two stars that were farthest apart, for example a right triangle with “A” being the point, “B” and “C” being the points of the right angle.  This “D” point appeared between stars “A” and “B”.  A few minutes later, my son pointed out that the fourth star or “D”, which was not twinkling, was moving.  We watched it slowly move north, and then speed up once it was at what appeared to be a right angle to the right triangle.  It eventually flew over our building.  This object was made of white light, had no sound, and was maybe just outside of our atmosphere or miles into the upper atmosphere. The really strange thing is earlier that evening, just when the sun was above the horizon, I was sitting on the balcony watching seagulls attempting to catch their dinner when one of them flew straight up into the sky (very high) and then flew straight out towards the horizon.  Now there were no clouds in the sky and no fog.  I continued watching this bird as its behavior just seemed odd to me, until it flat disappeared in the middle of its flight to the horizon.  The first orange glowing “star” appeared where the seagull had disappeared. I took several pictures, but unfortunately, they’re not so great as my phone’s camera is really poor quality. Once the orange, glowing “stars” finished their “show”, we noticed about 30 minutes later a bright red light on the horizon actually on the water.  It was motionless for approximately 20-25 minutes.  All of a sudden, it took off across the horizon line at a tremendous speed.  It appeared to be hovering above the water.  I have grown up on the coast and have never seen anything that big move that fast.  The distance had to be at least 6-7 miles out and there was no sound.  It had red and white lights.  It got to a certain point coming all the way across the horizon line and disappeared. Whatever we witnessed, along with several other guests at the hotel, was like nothing I’ve ever seen (and I’ve seen the space station and satellites.  None of these objects or activities was even similar to what I’ve witnessed before.);30.2406142857143;-85.8471285714286
Square cluster of lights over beachfront;2015-07-04 21:20:00;15+ minutes;Square cluster of lights over beachfront. During public beach fireworks displays, witnessed a square arrangement of 4 or more lights which seemed to belong to a single craft, colored green and white.  Hovered in a tight location, did not move with wind, 200-300 yards from ground.  Changed lateral location slightly, within 20 feet of original sighting, rotated slightly from time to time.  Craft also exhibited whitish aura above it, though there was little to no overhead cloud cover which would reflect light at that distance.  Initially considered craft to be a drone piloted from the ground.  I walked several hundred yards closer to observe, overheard other witnesses pointing out a drone in the sky.  No other lighted objects observed, no helicopter noise or otherwise was discernable.  Began walking away from area, turning every 15 seconds or so to look again.  Between glances the craft disappeared.  Did not observe it leaving the area or descending.  Drone theory still possible, but lights were brighter than aircraft marker lights and, being unfamiliar with drones, I am unsure if a drone could descend and land quickly enough to totally escape observation.  Corroborating observations are encouraged.  Attempt to photograph object resulting only in a blurred single light, with a iphone camera unable to distinguish individual points.;30.2406142857143;-85.8471285714286
Orange/White light over Panama City Beach.;2015-10-02 20:00:00;1-2 minutes;Orange/White light over Panama City Beach At this time my family and I were on vacation at Panama City Beach.  We were at the pool and had exited out and were sitting on the deck facing the ocean. At that time a orange/ white light appeared in the night sky between 8-9 o'clock P.M. central time. It moved from SW to NE and lasted 1 to 2 minutes.  When it started it was extremely bright and as it moved along it got smaller and eventually went out just like you flipped a light switch.  There was also no noise. We have never seen anything like it.  It couldn't have been a light from a helicopter or plane it was to big and bright.;30.2406142857143;-85.8471285714286
((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no information.  PD));2018-12-07 13:00:00;5 hours;((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));30.2406142857143;-85.8471285714286
