Bright stroboscopic light slowly passes by within 100 yards, and leaves with an otherworldly piercing whistle.;1993-08-15 03:00:00;3-4 minutes;Bright stroboscopic light slowly passes by within 100 yards, and leaves with an otherworldly piercing whistle. I grew up in a small town in northern California.  Cloverdale is situated 90 miles north of San Francisco, at the north end of Sonoma county it is surrounded by rolling hills and vineyards.  The geyser’s (at one time the world’s largest geothermal power plant) sits about sixteen miles to the east.  This area was considered sacred ground by the Indians of the area and they made trips there for healing and ceremonial rites. My father worked at the geysers for about twenty years.  During his many night shifts he and others had seen several un explainable lights in the sky.  During the early nineties the area known as the geysers, along the borders of Lake, Sonoma, and Napa counties was known as a UFO hotspot.  I had many sightings alone and with other people beginning around 1989. This particular event happened in the summer of 1992, along the road to the geysers at roughly 3 am.  I was with two friends C and G who were parked along the side of the road.  We were on a slight bluff overlooking Geyser’s creek, facing up the river valley towards the east and the geysers.  Suddenly C. or G. said, What’s that?   There was a super bright white/blue stroboscopic light, blinking two or three times a second heading just towards us from up stream.  The light appeared suddenly from a hill around a bend in the river.  It was slowly following the path of the creek, at a very low altitude and slower than a plane. It was lower than the tops of the hillsides on either side of the river valley, maybe 100 feet high…  It kept getting closer and closer and all I could see was the light blinking almost hypnotically…  The light was so bright that one couldn’t make out a shape.  It was as if there were no craft, but only a light. Eventually the light reached where we were and passed us just above the tree tops and disappeared behind the hill to the west.  It was heading in the direction of town… It floated by extremely close, within a hundred yards or so and we all noticed that it didn’t make any sound… none… zero… if it had been a plane or a helicopter or whatever we would have heard it the entire time we saw it, it was that close. This is where it gets weirder.   My friends (who themselves are avid ufo observers) got in their car and turned around to try and follow it.  I was left alone with my truck.  I went to relieve myself  behind my truck, feeling quite dismayed by what we had just seen.  All of a sudden I heard a sound that seemed to be the birds in the trees chirping in unison!  Now this is at three in the morning when birds do not chirp.  Suddenly, the chirping became louder and so intense that I could feel the vibrations turning my stomach, not unlike when at a concert, the bass rattles your pant leg.  Although this was an otherworldly sensation, the chirping was at such a vibratory wavelength that it made me feel as if my head were going to implode…  I almost fell to my knees from its force… slowly it faded, sounding like a cross between a flute and a whistle.  That is the closest description I have of the sound…. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.7943;-123.0039
