Amorphous something  seen at night in the skies over northern California, 5/10/01.;2001-05-10 21:00:00;4 sec;Amorphous something  seen at night in the skies over northern California, 5/10/01. I was with my girlfriend when we had this sighting in Cloverdale, CA, a small town about 85 miles north of San Francisco.  She is a teacher and I am an engineer.  When I can get out of the Big City (San Diego) I like to look up into the night sky.  This night was cloudless, visability excellent.  We were taking a leisurely walk when I looked up right at an amorphous, semi-transparent cloud-like light area (not lighted but lighter than the background sky) moving towards us at about 70 degrees in the southern sky.  My first thought was that it was a flock of light-colored birds flying at night and I called it to the attention of my girlfriend.  It became quickly obvious to both of us it wasn't birds.  You could see the stars through it.  It varied in its lightness throughout its area (maybe two thumbwidths roundish at arms length), like a group of thin clouds moving together.  It wasn't an object or objects.  It was amorphous.  In the course of about 4 seconds it moved to roughly 70 degrees north (total about 40 degrees) and faded from view.  Estimated height 500-1000 feet, speed maybe 200 mph.  As this was taking place my mind was trying to put this in a compartment of the known and it completely failed.  My girlfriend's response was kind of like Well that was interesting.  My response was more like What the heck did we just see?  That makes no sense.  What the heck did we just see?  To reiterate, it was calm, warm, and completely cloudless that night.;38.7943;-123.0039
a ufo in the sky at night;2002-07-06 21:00:00;15min;a ufo in the sky at night We were sitting by are pool,looking east. up in the sky there was a fire ball with two tails headed North it was high in the sky and moving slower than any air craft we have ever seen. We saw a plane or jet flying by and checking it out. The plane circled it and flew up in the sky.Then the ufo disapeared behind the hills.;38.7943;-123.0039
One white light in the north and 10 minutes later an orange teardrop shaped light that was followed by two jets patroling the night sky;2009-05-05 01:15:00;30-45 seconds;One white light in the north and 10 minutes later an orange teardrop shaped light that was followed by two jets patroling the night sky I was out taking a walk with my boyfriend just enjoying the beautiful night and I happened to see what I thought was a satellite in the sky, so I was trying to show my boyfriend what I was talking about when all of a sudden (left of where we were looking) there was a bright white light that was brighter than anything else around in the sky.  We could tell the light was moving and that it was moving away and fast.    Almost just as soon as we had seen this bright white light it dimmed to nothing in the distant horizon.  As if that wasn’t weird enough, about 10-15 minutes later I was by myself and I saw an orange teardrop shaped light in the sky (south of the white light.)   I stood there and looked at it for about 1 minute or so and then it just went out as if it hadn’t moved or went away, but it just dimmed out.   5 seconds (or less) passed and there were 2 fast planes/jets that cruised the sky kind of close to one another side by side which made me wonder if they were U.S. military.;38.7943;-123.0039
Star like yellow object that quickly accelerated before making a startling disappearance.;2020-08-04 00:23:00;20 seconds;Star like yellow object that quickly accelerated before making a startling disappearance. UFO sighting over Cloverdale California Tuesday August 4th 12:23am. History of observer: •	56 years of age male,  Senior Optical Engineer  •	Designer of high resolution astronomical imaging systems  •	Amateur astronomer and Astrophotographer for 41 years. Planetary observation session was interrupted by an object that was not easy to dismiss as an aircraft, satellite, meteor or man-made space debris. Observed was a -5 magnitude star-like object traveling from SE to NW at a speed slightly faster than the a typical fly over of the International Space Station.  First spotted SE of the Sturgeon full moon passing and travel NW exactly between the moon and Saturn. It rose higher into the sky traveling at a constant velocity to an altitude of 38º to 42º above the due south horizon before its startling disappearance. What was unusual about this object:   •	Just before it disappeared from the sky it rapidly accelerated for 500 to 600 milliseconds. •	The rate of its extinguishing light after the rapid acceleration was startling.  Not at all like a typical satellite darkening into the earth's shadow or tumbling in sunlight. •	Sighting occurred just after midnight and a satellite could not have been illumined by the sun. •	Color was white to slightly yellow and had a slight haze surrounding its star-like appearance. •	Westerly orbiting satellites are very unusual. •	To verify it was not local aircraft out of Santa Rosa or San Francisco a flight tracker app was checked within seconds of the sighting.  No aircraft were in the air between SFO and the Oregon border. He notified his sister with a text to verify time, location and document the event.  This was only the second object the observer could not identify over his observing history.;38.7943;-123.0039
