Saw a red dot in the sky, which then appeared to change shape and streak away.;1998-12-19 18:20:00;1 to 2 seconds;Saw a red dot in the sky, which then appeared to change shape and streak away. A friend and I were going out for the night.  We had just backed out of his driveway when we noticed what appeared to be a red circle in the eastern sky.  Just about a second or two after we spotted it, it streaked off to the south or southeast.  We aren't quit sure if it changed to an oval shape before it took off or if it just appeared that way to us because it was moving so fast.  It all happened so quick it's very hard to tell.;40.4465;-75.8206
Bright White Light Climbing Altitude, Viewable for Short Period.;2006-03-18 06:00:00;15 minutes;Bright White Light Climbing Altitude, Viewable for Short Period. Bright white light appeared suddenly at about five minutes past dawn. Haze located all around the light seemed to be morning cloud cover considering it covered a much larger area than the light traveled as I watched. Stars were not visible towards the west where the cloud cover was minimal neither were they visible towards the east. The clooud cover that the light sat admidst of, at the time it was visible, was quite thick yet light seemed to be visible below the cloud line. It brightly represented itself 10 degrees to the right of your view if looking towards the east for the sunrise according to my view. Moon was still visible at the time and located towards the west. First sighted through tree line. Light had displayed itself in my line of sight, about half way up the hundred foot trees(approx) as I stood approx. one hundred yards away.  Rose in altitude semi-quickly. 10 minutes later light shown about thirty feet or 1/3 of tree's height(approx)above the tree that it shown through the midst of about ten to fifteen minutes previous. At this point it seems to be getting duller in light. My hypothesis considering the amount of decrease in the intensity of the light leads me to beleive that it may be traveling easternly slowly but is increasing in altitude dramatically. From the half hour mark when I walked out of view of this sight to about fifteen minutes after, the amount of wildlife and general noise coming from the wooded surroundings picked up dramatically. Birds came quick and plentiful. I have no idea if this has anything to do with odd light sighting but it was a very quick nature wake up if i must say so myself.At approximently forty five minutes after original sighting, sun is breaking the tree line, absolute no sign of bright light that was originally sighted, nor sign of anything resembling with lower intesity, which was my hope. At least to see some sign that it was really there. My guess is that this sight would have been easily viewable in the south eastern corner of Pennsylvania maybe as far as Philadelphia. Definetly would have been viewable from all locations in and around Berks County, PA.;40.4465;-75.8206
A ball of light dropped below the overcast, slowly moved south/southeast and suddenly shot upward.;2007-06-19 20:47:00;A few seconds;A ball of light dropped below the overcast, slowly moved south/southeast and suddenly shot upward. I was standing outside in my driveway and out of the corner of my eye I spotted a blue ball of light. There is currently a heavy overcast and the light seemed to drop out of the clouds. I turned to look at it, it was moving slowly in a south/southeast direction and it suddenly shot upward above the clouds and out of sight.;40.4465;-75.8206
