3 red lights, rectangulare-like structure, non-moving, AZ;2005-08-24 22:30:00;4 - 6 seconds;3 red lights, rectangulare-like structure, non-moving, AZ This took place while I was out walking my dog. I do this every night and watch the sky all the time just hoping something out of the ordinary will happen. This night, it did. As I was looking up at the sky I noticed a light in the corner of my glasses so I glanced over my shoulder to the east. What I saw, from POV can only be desribed as what looked to be a single red light, that split two more lights from itself. These light moved from the middle light to the sides one to the left the other to the right. They went out a certain distance and held that possition for a brief moment then vanished. The shape of the object is unknown to me, but from my POV it looked like just a straight line, which could mean I was looking head-on to an number of flying crafts, which makes it hard to tell, but it seemed way to think to be a normal jet-plane. It actually looked thick enough from the lights to maybe have been a large rectangulare structure, but I only wander how something like that could fly. I wasn't sure what I had seen, but I knew it wasn't any form of plane I had seen before, seeing as how I live close to Davis Monthan AFB and Tucson International, I am always seeing planes and helicopters flying by at night.  I walked my dog for another few steps and stopped again to clear my head of what I had seen, but then as I was looking where I had seen these lights I saw the same form take shape again. The only difference was that they were in a different spot, but in the same general direction. At this point I knew that this was not just a radio tower or something of that nature that I may had over looked the previous 100 or more times that I had walked my at night.  The only reason I decided to post this is because I was looking to find more info on the same type of thing I saw just to see what it was so i could dismiss these thoughts like I usually do, but only one problem: I didn't find any documentation that fit my desription right. This wasn't a triangle, nor were they/it moving in any direction. Nothing was flashing, just a solid red light the split two more off of it in a smooth demeanor. Maybe someone will be able to answer what this may have been. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));32.4136230769231;-111.233384615385
Super Bowl jets chased object south to near Tucson city limits.  Circiling at HIGH SPEEDS.;2015-02-01 19:45:00;10 minutes;Super Bowl jets chased object south to near Tucson city limits.  Circiling at HIGH SPEEDS. The night of the super bowl the wife and I heard jets that were flying at FULL MILITARY.  I went out doors and saw them, with afterburners on, flying south towards Tucson.  Just over, the jets crossed and returned North.   A few seconds later they all went South and out of site beyond Tucson.  I stated to wife they must be chasing something,,,, I saw nothing of what they were after because the next door's security lights came on and obscured any detail. I am making this report after reading the report from Mesa that same night.  I am in support of the Chase, but cannot say I saw any UFO.  I do know jets do not fly like THAT,  full military over civilian areas without good cause.  There is a gunnery range about 60 miles west of Tucson. There have been odd things in the southern Arizona skies for several weeks.  I have reported several but it's my first reports.;32.4136230769231;-111.233384615385
