9 of us saw 3 lights moving at incredible speed until one of them stopped dead in its track;2005-07-04 21:45:00;approx 8 - 10 min.;9 of us saw 3 lights moving at incredible speed until one of them stopped dead in its track We were all sitting in the front yard watching the fireworks.  The guys decided to do intermission about 9:45pm so they could get some water, and the kids could get something to drink.  My friends' husband said That bad boy is moving..we all looked up and thought at first we were seeing a satellite or something.  It looked almost like a star it was so small and far away.  Then we realized, with it being that far away, it was REALLY moving fast.  It was coming from the North traveling toward the South.  We talked about it being a rocket of some sort because it was moving too fast for a satellite.  A few times we thought it zig-zagged a little, but, basically went in a straight line.  It was fairly close to a bright blinking star, and we noticed another one coming straight toward it from the south, we thought they were going to collide. Then, the first one we saw immediately stopped, the one moving from the south darted around the first one, that seemed to be when all of us went into shock.  At that point, NONE of us were sure about what we were really watching. None of us had ever seen anything stop so fast.  We watched the one that was traveling from the south move in approximately the same path to the north the first one from the north had traveled going south. When it got just about directly overhead, we noticed another tiny star/light moving in about the same speed coming from the west.  One of the neighbors started shooting fireworks, and we lost sight of the 3rd one, but, watched the one that was still traveling north until we couldn't see it anymore.  None of us drink, and we all knew if ALL of us had seen this we weren't all crazy.  Since I haven't ever really thought one way or another about life outside of ours, I decided today to see if I could find anything that would explain what we saw.  So far I haven't, but, am VERY curious about any suggestions of what we have seen.;29.9225;-95.0614999999999
