Skinny dark grey or black being;2006-12-16 22:00:00;unsure;Skinny dark grey or black being It was around 10 pm on Saturday, December 16th, 2006,  when I left my cousins house.  I was headed to feed my horse (which is approximately a 20 minute drive).  It was a nice drive, the skies were clear with possibly a few higher clouds in the sky, but you could still see the stars.  I can’t recall if it was a full moon or not, but I know the moon was bright. The barn is in the back of a subdivision, at the end of a dirt road about a mile off the main road of the subdivision, backing up against a pipeline. The road is barely wide enough for 2 cars to pass one another in certain places. We had received a lot of rain in the past 2 weeks, so the road was well worn with large holes from the rain, as well as from the 18 wheelers that traveled the road headed for the M.U.D. maintenance facility near the barn.  Traveling the road in its condition, along with the deer that cross the road at all hours, at a pace of 10 miles per hour was the fastest, safest speed you could travel on this night. About halfway down the road (headed toward the barn), I started getting a strange feeling I was being watched. (I have had these feelings before, but just played it off in the past as though it was the horses or deer watching me.) Being how is was dark, I was alone (with my 6 year old son), and the barn is in an isolated area, I hurried to get the horse fed. It couldn’t have taken more than 10 minutes to fill his water bucket and give him his grain and hay. I locked the gate and headed back down the road towards the main street. As soon as I came around a curve, I noticed 2 red dots about 5 ½ or 6 feet from the ground in the trees. My first though was it was an opossom sitting on a limb of a tree. I kept my eye on them because I couldn’t fiqure out why its eyes were so red. They were bright, bright red and had a glow to them. As I got closer I realized they were teardrop shaped and way too big to be an oppossom. The closer I got, I could see a silhouette of a being. Thinking it was a person standing there, I tried to see if I could recognize the person wondering why he was in the area so late. The body was very skinny, very dark grey or black in color with a very small pot-belly. It wore no clothing. Its hands didn’t seem to have any fingers, although it had a thumb-like appendage. The harder I stared at its face trying to make out any facial features, the less I could see. The face, although I could see the body perfectly, was very cloudy and continued to blur the harder I tried to see anything. The only movement I observed was the movement of the face/head as I passed it. It made no sound. As I rounded the next corner I stopped my car and put it in reverse, intending on backing up to take another look at what I had seen. I looked at the display clock on my dash and it read 12:30 am. It should have been reading no later than 10:35 or 10:40 pm. I put my car back in drive and left. The next day I was joking with my 14 year old son about what I had seen, never really thinking twice about it. Later that evening when I went to feed my horse he wouldn’t have anything to do with me. He went to the very back of his stall and would not come near me even when I put out his feed. For the next 2 months he acted in the same manner towards me. It wasn’t until the end of April 07 when my insomnia started coming back that I realized I had not had any problems going to bed and staying asleep. I had in fact been getting 9 hours of undisturbed sleep every night for the past 4-4 ½ months. I have no photos, although, I could draw a picture of what I seen that night.;29.9225;-95.0614999999999
