Bobbing and hovering lights in pairs (one bigger than the other);2001-07-30 03:30:00;prolonged;Bobbing and hovering lights in pairs (one bigger than the other) This is no joke.I had seen this exact thing but even more closely about 8 years ago.I was with my girlfriend at the time and she saw the exact same thing I did.Since we both so baffled by it neither of us really mentioned it because we were(somehow)the only ones to see it and didn't want to deal with an uphill battle of convincing people.Plus there was no actual incident,just a sighting(but it was extremely up close and very scary for both of us).OK, so I will never forget that one but I just tried to put it out of my mind.However last night I couldn't sleep so I went out for a walk in the middle of the night.My friend is into astronomy and told me about where Mars is visible all summer here and I look up at it from time to time since its so easy to find.So I'm walking along thinking about things and I looked up at a huge star and thought oh, there's Mars and kept walking.Then I thought,wait a second,thats not where I'm used to seeing it. Then I looked back and the huge star had moved way over to the right,and that's when I stopped and said oh shit! Not again.It was the exact same thing my girlfriend and I saw 8 years earlier.It was a big blob of light hovering and bobbing a bit above the horizon line with another smaller wingman looking light lower and to the left of it.They were both moving around a little in strange bobbing motions.Sometimes they would appear to get to get bigger and then shrink back.I watched for about a half hour before noticing 2 more in the same formation in another area and not so obvious to the eye.Then I started trying to search the entire sky.They appear to be yellowish and sometimes blueish in color and unlike the actual stars around them.Alltogether I counted 10 of them (all in pairs).8 years ago we saw one pair of these bobbing lights but that time they came right up instantly and we got a full on close up look at the craft and we were absolutely terrified.We thought we were going to be abducted for sure.It came right at us.It had to have seen us atop a dune next ! to the w ater.It turned a bit though and went over the water in front of us then cicled in toward the houses and floated completely silently at practically rooftop level over the town area then reappeared down the beach where it came from originally(it was cicling the area).So then it came back for another run staight at us again.We were back to clutching each going,Omigod, this is it!.This time it took a left and floated out over the water and into the darkness.There was no more yellowish light in the distance after that.It was over.I'll never forget that.Definately the most bizarre thing I've ever seen.The actual craft looked like this:Basically a giant tic-tac,metallic in color with three windows,two small ones on the ends and one big one in the middle.They had etremely bright light coming out of them.It made absolutely no sound whatsoever.On the front pointing down was like a headlight(oddly enough)and when it was flying low over the water the reflection from the light on the water showed that it was only about 100 ft. up(at the most).I thought for sure I'd be reading about in the local paper.Surely someone else was going to see it.It flew RIGHT OVER town at like rootop level at 10 o'clock at night.But nobody saw except us.Oh well.Last night when I saw the same far away lights I've decided to try and tell my story to whoever will listen.Thanks.;41.2727;-70.0971
Red light seen in skies above Nantucket.;2014-09-14 20:00:00;1 minute;Red light seen in skies above Nantucket. Around 8pm on September 14, 2014, an adult female (34 years old) and an adult male (44 years old) were traveling west on Polpis road on Nantucket Island, when they saw a red light high in the sky above them.  It was approximately 51 degrees this night, clear to partly cloudy skies.  The female passenger noticed it first and after watching it for a few seconds alerted the male driver.  They agreed it appeared either still or slow moving.  When the 44 year old male driver pulled off the road, so he and the female passenger could get out of the vehicle and take a closer look, it was gone.   Both witnesses are residents of Nantucket Island with college degrees, and neither had been drinking or taken any drugs on September 14, 2014.   The female passenger is employed full time as an Assitant Teacher in a child development center.;41.2727;-70.0971
Multiple bright lights in semi formation seen from Nantucket.;2019-07-26 20:00:00;7 minutes;Multiple bright lights in semi formation seen from Nantucket. Walking along Old South rd toward the airport, we saw the lights seemingly approaching the island from the south eastern sky.  They were randomly scattered in close proximity to each other moving at the same speed.  After a moment or so one sped up unnaturally ahead of the rest and slowed suddenly to its original speed.  One by one they slowly circled back south and blacked out.  I called the Nantucket atc control tower and the controller on duty claimed to see them as well as an aircraft that had just taken off in the direction of the lights.  He told me that there was nothing on his radar and also queried the aircraft which reported them at an unknown distance.;41.2727;-70.0971
