9:20 PM ish Sandy UT, noiseless craft blowing by - HELP - What the HELL?;2006-10-29 21:41:00;4 seconds;9:20 PM ish Sandy UT, noiseless craft blowing by - HELP - What the HELL? I saw a triangular presentation of one light (orangish) and three trailing off behind it  in either direction (triangular) but no connecting back line (to make it triangular).   I  had been watching a couple of live concerts on the web - I also have a fairly serious issue with floaters in my eyes... nonetheless I saw this arrow of lights - completely noiseless (which is the only think making me curious - being that I am so close to the Salt Lake City Airport and Hill Air Base and I suppose the wild air base in Southwest Idaho and northeast Utah and some in Southern Utah etc. Southern Nevada.   Anyway I have seen strange appearances of helicoptors but never anything like this...  It was noiseless.  That is all I have to say - it was noiseless and flyng low with very very low lights and relatively quickly...   Tell me what it was and I will buy you a brand new dinner... thanks folks.   Now that I think about it there was a strange noise - but there are train tracks nearby.  It sounded like a faint whisper - as if one wasn't picking up the correct radio station... but very very faint. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this individual, and found him to be exceptionally credible.  He expressed bafflement over the sighting, particularly because of the absence of sound emanating from the object.  We may post his illustration.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM SUBMITTED BY WITNESS)) Attached is a Windows Paint software file...  This is the best I coul think of not having a scanner or fax available.  Sorry if this is not good.  This object was quite prominent - like a triangle in the sky for actually (contrary to what I initially reported) roughly 90 degrees offset on the sky.  My apt. is backed in by a large concret wall.  But the object was in plain view from over the roogtops of the underlying apts. to the rooftops of the apts. beyong my place. It moved swiftly but seemingly slowly - I believe as a result of the non-sound and it distance from me.  Again it seemed actually fairly close - like I told the director on the phone - the size of a regular ish 727 - but now it seemed larger and further away.  Why didn't it make sound?  Was I hallucinating off of a vodka Diet Coke?  What the hell? ((END)) ((ADDENDUM #2)) One more thing - Orion was directly in the background of the sight.  I was actually atempting to see Orion and this thing interupted my observation.  Thanks very much  ((name deleted)) ((ADDENDUM #3)) I am sorry to write so many e-mails but I think I have a few more questions to answer...   The object was slightly larger than a full moon.  The lights were very faint and flew almost directly through the middle of what I think was Orion.  This is a notoriously smoggy area - but what I saw was really different from what I've seen in the last twelve years of amueterish study of the sky.   Thanks again. ((END));40.5822495049506;-111.830723267327
((HOAX??))  Black Figure In The Sky.;2009-09-05 13:00:00;Flying;Black Figure In The Sky. We were lying down on the tramp when we spotted a black flying object in the sky it flew over us and then started to sink we first thought it was a plane but then  when it got closer it looked like a black teardrop.  After about fifteen minutes we saw it further away and this time it was hovering further down and then we heard a kinda of roaring noise. Then it disappeared... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Possible hoax??  PD));40.5822495049506;-111.830723267327
