Diamond with no sides Next to Maryland  Navel Air Station in fireball hovers in white smoke and no noise;2014-10-23 23:00:00;9-10 seconds;diamond with no sides Next to Maryland  Navel Air Station in fireball hovers in white smoke and no noise I was approaching 2 light aways from Paxtuxent River Navel Air station Main Gate, either Saturday or Friday before Thanksgiving/ It was clear very cold about 23F clear sky cloudless fairly dry and no wind.  As I approached Light saw fireball pass over my little Ford roof. At first I assumed it was school college prank by young people I than saw the fireball change to white mist and pass from side ot 4 lane parkway to frount of me within  322 feet.I hit breaks because I feared fire and crash.  I was a Honorable Dischared Air Force Medical Tech.  I waited a full 20 to 40 minites to report to base security because of fear of los of reputation. I am married to former Us Air Force Academy Graduate And divorcing...My Husband was a piolot and flight instructor he holds a civilian licence.The white fog than cleared and an object not able to be described in geometry because it had no edges on facets or intake or out take vents no propulshion could be seen or hatches or wi! ndows. It was silver in color and made no noise.i was in a type of slow moton shock because I was considering backing down highway for fear of fire and life. I do have dyslexia so I am not a fast or good typist but I do know about fires and fear them as my Dad was FDNYC for 32.5 years. Next the cloud seemed to part and and the object hovered in slow motion like a helicopter it went from nose down position to horizontal it than had three red and yellow or white lights on upper right corner top vertical it than went striat up no noise and there was no trail seen or prolpolusion. the smoke disappeared and as I passed people in frount of me I was scared to ask and cause an accident. There is a left turn lane at this highway light.I actually stuck my fingers in my neck artery to see if I had stopped breathing or had irregular pulse. I pulled over by Cheesebuger in Pardise Restaurant Bar and thought about insadent.I shut off car and when a turned it in seconds later it sputtered ! it never does that.I drove twords sighting made a u turn and p! arked on side of highway and than called Navel base security at gate on base they gave me local county police they referred me to special reporting line number and sergeant. I have only told six people about this one my Father one my Husband who both feel it was a drone...I do not really openly talk of this sighting because as a christen who now believes in U.F.O. I was always skeptable of sightings. I now believe in other non earthly life forms and technology.I do not feel this is laughable and it scares my inteligance for survival.;38.2573;-76.4498
