Bright flashing oval shaped light hovering in Brewster, Cape Cod, MA. Changing colors Also red lights around it.  ((Sirius??  PD));2007-04-05 21:30:00;30 minutes;Bright flashing oval shaped light hovering in Brewster, Cape Cod, MA. Changing colors Also red lights around it. Around 9: 30 PM I was walking my dog were I live in West Brewster.  It is a completely dark street (no street lamps). I was looking towards the left and hovering over the tree line I saw a very bright light which seemed to be flashing and changing colors: white, red, blue and green.  I figured it was a plane getting ready to land at the Chatham Municipal Airport which is roughly 9 miles away.  When it continued to hover above the tree line I stopped and watched it for about 15 minutes: it did not move, and kept flashing different colors. I went back to my house to get my camera and it had moved to the north and much higher up. It was also still stationary. I also observed a number of other aircraft in the vicinity of the light (which I am guessing were planes from Logan Airport in Boston?   I watched for an additional 15 minutes and the light (continuing to flash colors) again seemed to be stationary: hovering. I also noticed this time that there appeared to be more of the same lights hovering in an angled formation very close to the bright flashing light which were red. I do not have a camera that can take night pictures or great distances so I could not photograph it. Awhile later (around 10:30 pm) I went outside and looked for the lights but they were gone.;41.7492;-70.0699
Two possible crafts sighted from Greenland Pond, Brewster Ma;2012-12-23 20:15:00;25 minutes;Two possible crafts sighted from Greenland Pond, Brewster Ma Two crafts (?)  One brighter and larger than the other, the brighter one was pulsing blue, red, white and the other was dimmer with a yellow and orange color.   They both would move very slightly in all directions and at times leave a little bit of trail behind them.  Neither of them made any drastic changes in direction.   I made sure to look at other starts in order to verify if they all were doing this and I was just looking at a couple of stars.   No other stars I saw were pulsating or moving.   I finally gave up watching as it was 31 degrees out.   My sister has told me she has seen objects like this on many occasions over Greenland Pond.;41.7492;-70.0699
