Saw a silver disk shaped object suspended in the sky at a downward slant two nights in a row;1981-06-30 17:00:00;2 min.;Saw a silver disk shaped object suspended in the sky at a downward slant two nights in a row I do not recall the day, month or even year however this event is 100% true. To my knowledge I don't know how his event could have been a hoaxed. The year was about 1981 or 1982 and I was seven or eight years old at my home in Raynham, MA. It was just around dusk time in the front yard of my house when I happened to look up to sky and, at 4:00, saw a disc shaped object. I vividly remember the object as being disc shaped with a raised bump in the middle, silver colored, completely still and silent. The strangest part of the episode was that the object was slanted down at an angle almost as if staring at me. I watched, frozen in awe, for about two minutes before running inside the house to get my parents and a camera. By the time we made it back to the front yard, the object was gone. Moments later we all saw a shooting star. 	The next night I again saw the same exact object but this time on the left sky. It was doing the exact same thing, just hovering there suspended in mid air at a downward slant. This time I stayed put and yelled for my parents who came outside but when I glanced away it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.9325;-71.048
There was a silver disk shaped object silently suspended in mid air positioned at a downward slant ot very far from the treeline.;1981-09-04 17:00:00;2 Min.;There was a silver disk shaped object silently suspended in mid air positioned at a downward slant ot very far from the treeline. I do not recall the day, month or even year however, to the best of my recollection, this event is 100% true. To my knowledge there is no way that this event could have been a hoaxed. The year was about 1981 or 1982 and I was seven or eight years old at my home in Raynham, MA. It was just around dusk time in the front yard of my house when I happened to look up to sky and, at 4:00, saw a disc shaped object. I vividly remember the object as being disc shaped with a raised bump in the middle, silver colored, completely still and silent. The strangest part of the episode was that the object was slanted down at an angle almost as if staring at me. I watched, frozen in awe, for about two minutes before running inside the house to get my parents and a camera. By the time we made it back to the front yard, the object was gone. Moments later we all saw a shooting star. 	The next night I again saw the same exact object but this time on the left sky. It was doing the exact same thing, just hovering there suspended in mid air at a downward slant. When I glanced away to yell for my parents, it was gone.;41.9325;-71.048
saw silver refective disk doing manuvers a plane just cant do.;2006-09-12 14:00:00;30 seconds;saw silver refective disk doing manuvers a plane just cant do. I was driving to my house, with my ex,so she could see our daughter.I was driving down  rte 138,heading twards west bridgewater.A bright reflection caught my eye,i looked and thought it was a plane,but it wasnt quite right,i stoped my tuck in the middle of my street(elm st. east raynham)after a right turn onto my street,it was a reflective,silver disk,with no charecturistics like a plane at all i realized.it ran paralel to 138 for about 10 seconds or so,looked to be about a few hundred feet above the treeline on the right hand side of 138,i figure a half mile away,it then began to veer left,and abruptly, instantly to the right,paralel with elm st east in raynham,twards bridgewater.I asked if my ex had seen this and she said yes,that she had never seen a plane do that before.the disk traveled behind the tree line on my street where i lost visual of the object.i was exited and a bit frightened.;41.9325;-71.048
