Very strange circular craft clearly seen at close range by two people.;2009-11-13 22:00:00;1 minute;Very strange circular craft clearly seen at close range by two people. My girlfriend and I went on a date on Friday, November 13, 2009.  Directly after dinner, we drove to a rural but not uninhabited area to look at the stars.  The night was cold, so the sky was very clear.  We parked on the side of Hunt Road, a dirt road in New Haven, Vermont , sometime between 8:00 and 9:00pm.  There are houses and farms along this road, but we selected a spot where the road crests a hill, bends, and runs through a couple of wooded areas.  This helped to block any lights from nearby houses.  Hunt Road runs parallel to and one-half mile east of Route 7, a relatively busy 2-lane state highway and the main north-south road on the western side of the state.  With houses around, and a busy road less than a mile away, we were secluded but certainly not in the middle of nowhere. 	We sat on the hood of my 2000 Chevy Malibu and looked at the stars for maybe 45 minutes to an hour.  We saw several shooting stars during that time.  We got cold, so we decided to go home.  We got into the car, and we were talking about shooting stars. I turned on the vehicle.  Just as I finished putting on my seatbelt, I saw something off to the left in my periphery.  When I looked, I saw an object above the trees at about 9-o’clock, directly out the driver-side door window.  I would estimate the altitude of the object at around 200 feet, and it was at a distance of about a quarter mile.  I immediately realized that it was very strange, and that I had no idea what it was.  A part of me may have already thought that it looked like the descriptions people give of alien craft.  Almost as soon as I saw it I said, “What’s that?”   My girlfriend had already seen it, as well, and she said, “I don’t know.” 	 As I said, when I first saw the thing the thought immediately popped into my mind that it looked something like a stereotypical “UFO” with a few peculiarities.  I then had the realization that of course alien craft do not exist, or at the very least that it was very unlikely that I was staring at one, so I began to try to figure out what it could be.  An airplane? A balloon? A reflection? A remote-controlled toy?  All of these things were easily ruled out almost as soon as they came up, leaving me staring at the object as it passed from the driver-side window to the windshield.  My girlfriend and I were hurriedly discussing what this thing could be, but we kept coming back to  ‘What the heck is that?  Look how it moves.’  I don’t remember if either of us said that it looked like an alien craft, but I know that we were both thinking it. 	The thing passed in front of the car, and it became clear that it was going to go behind some trees.  The leaves were down and it was just a row of trees, so it would still be possible to see the light moving behind the branches, but we would no longer have an unobstructed view.   By this point the objects flight-path brought it closer, and it may have been one eighth of a mile away.  My girlfriend said, “Follow it!” I said, “Are you crazy!” It moved directly in front of the car, and I reached down and flashed my headlights at it four or five times.  My girlfriend said something like, “What are you doing?” in a way that implied that I was bringing danger upon us.   It began to move behind the branches just as I was finishing the last flick of my headlights, and then it abruptly disappeared. It should have been visible through the branches.  I stepped on the gas and sped past the row of trees, and behind it was an open field.  The craft should have been right there, floating over th! e center of the field heading toward the mountains, but it was gone.  There was not even a light in the distance.   We sat there scanning the area and the sky, which we had an excellent view of as we were on a hill.  The thing had completely disappeared. 	The object itself was shaped somewhat like a circular ibuprofen tablet.  It had flat sides and a slightly curved top and bottom.  The top was a very slightly tighter arc, and so protruded a little more than the bottom.  I believe the object was 40 feet in diameter.  Against the sky, the color of the object was a dark gray. I could see its outline very clearly.  I saw no evidence that in light the object would have been shiny, but I suppose that is possible.  I saw three rectangular lights on the flat sides that seemed to me to be windows. The lighted areas were completely opaque, and I could not see into the object at all.  The lights were all the same color, a very vibrant and yet very soft yellow.  The object did not spin around, but as it was moving diagonally to us I did see the light nearest the rear of the thing move more in front, and the light nearest the front moved around behind it somewhat due to our changing angle of view. 	The strangest aspect of it, and the thing that for me rules out almost everything except for alien craft was the way that it moved. I cannot describe it to you accurately.  It moved forward and up in one motion (in ratio about 2 or 3 parts forward, one part up), and it did this in irregular “spurts”.  The spurt would be a sudden motion…no acceleration at all, it was just suddenly moving forward and up. The spurts were very short, sometimes there were three of them in one second, other times there might be 2 seconds between them.  These are maximum ranges, as there was no discernible pattern or rhythm to the timing or length of the spurts.  In between these pulses of speed, the object coasted (forward and slightly down).  Again, with no deceleration period…the object was just suddenly moving slower.  It sounds as though that would look jerky, but there was an odd fluidity to it.  Put these together, and it did not move very quickly.  It did not coast as an airplane does. It lost al! titude slightly when coasting, but there was definitely something of a hovering characteristic to it. Its general speed was not constant.  The moment that there were three spurts in one second, the thing lurched forward maybe 100 feet, but it did this in a very quick, yet intermittent fashion that is impossible to explain. It was very, very unique.  It made no noise at all. 	After it disappeared and we were then unable to locate it where it should have been, my girlfriend and I agreed not to talk about it on the drive home.  The time was suddenly 11:00pm. I don’t want to say that we were missing an hour or two of time because I have misjudged time in the past, but we both wondered how it had become so late.  I do not believe I was abducted.  The plan was to get home, each make a drawing of what we thought we saw separately, and then compare.  Our drawings were identical in every way but one. I was under the impression that if we had seen it from above, it would have been a perfect circle, while she was under the impression that it would have been oblong.  The drawing of the object that I have included is the drawing I made that night, about an hour after I saw it.  The map I drew is very accurate and to scale.  Later, we researched UFO’s a bit to try to make sense of it.   What we saw certainly fits in with other UFO sightings, though I have not seen a UFO photo anywhere that fits perfectly with what I saw.;44.1133;-73.1706
