Large linear lights flying low in DuPont.;2011-10-18 20:20:00;3-5 Minutes;Large linear lights flying low in DuPont. About 8:20pm, Tuesday October 18th, 2011, I zipped through my usually route home.  I took one more loop around a traffic circle, which meant that I would now have to take a right to progress up the hill on which I live. As I came to the stop sign I notice 3 distinct lights flashing.  These lights were in a straight line and appeared about 150 to 350 feet off the ground.  I saw in what appeared to be a straight line of 3 lights of equal spacing at a distance or roughly 75 to 100 feet apart. The two outer lights matched, meaning they were two pulsating lights, one  was orange the other red. The middle light however remained constant and was orange.  This linear shaped object turned to the right and progressed up the hill appearing to ascend slightly on the way up the hill. As I looked at the object and took a right to begin my ascend on my motorcycle I thought to ask the man walking his dog if he saw the object, as he appeared to be looking up in that direction.  I also, thought to pull over and take a photo but my phone was in my bag and I was fearful I would lose the object as it continued to ascend up the hillside and over the wood line. I stayed behind this object for perhaps a quarter mile at a speed of 26mph.  My first thought was that it was 3 helicopters flying in a tight formation.  Then I noticed that the middle light was different and that the object  seemed to turn with the middle light being the center point or axis. I  have seen and jumped out of C130's from 300 feet.  And this was much larger. I could not make out the object, in terms shape, but it appeared like a large looming dark silhouette. I plan on asking the guy who was walking the dog if or what he saw   Given the size and time, I could not be the only person who saw this. I finally lost the object behind some trees.  When I came to  the clearing I could not tell which way the object was going.  Very interesting and odd, I know I saw something because I could not focus on the road nor my motorcycle.  I stared at these lights until I lost them in the tree line. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length via telephone with this witness, and we found him to be exceptionally well-spoken and objective.  We suspect that he is a very good witness.  Du Pont, WA, is just west of Fort Lewis and McChord AFB, south of Tacoma.  PD));47.1140571428571;-122.652185714286
