large circular light that fanned out, released cloud, then dissapeared  ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));2009-09-19 20:30:00;15 seconds;large circular light that fanned out, released cloud, then dissapeared ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));43.6017;-70.2354
small flying (disc) object, in a Vertical to the ground position, seen from an upstairs window;2020-02-05 13:30:00;20 seconds;small flying (disc) object, in a Vertical to the ground position, seen from an upstairs window Dear UFO center,   Last Wednesday February 5, at between 13:00 and 14:00. I was typing at my computer, which is on the second floor rear of our house.  Something must have caught my eye because I turned my head to look out the window and saw a very strange object.  The object was about 8 feet  off the ground .  It was white and appeared translucent with sort of a mottled or other than just a solid white color face.  It was about the size of my palm and VERTICAL to the ground.  I could not see any propellers or anything else about the shape except that where about eleven o’clock on the face of a clock,  the edge was sort of bent inwards. I saw no propellers, nor depth to the object and it always seemed to have its face to me. (like a standing small plate on edge on a shelf)  The object first appeared from the right (west), at  the head of our driveway.   At that point the object moved up and down and side by side.  It then continued east but got hung up on the wisteria branches atop the pergola.  I thought, if this thing extricates itself, I know this is something, it did do that by backing up slightly then continued flying east.  I would say the time elapsed was 20 - 30 seconds.  But the disc was the same appearance at all times.  Everybody except the operations manager at the airport here, basically blew me off suggesting that it was a drone some kid made.  I guess it could be,  but my husband flies drones and I know they can be very small and it is possible this was a drone some kid made   (which I truly doubt) but operating in this area would have been tricky because it would have been almost next to impossible to have it in sight considering the closeness and density of this neighborhood.  I have never believed in UFO's although I have read and heard many stories.  I do not know what to believe now, except that the responses to those I have spoken to, (before this contact)  were actually rather insulting.  I feel relieved that I have done everything I can do with the contact to you.  I am an 85 year old female in good health mentally and physically.  I am a college graduate and have been tested at about 22 years of age and told  I have a very superior intelligence  I am not particularly interested in science or technology, leaning more to the arts and history.;43.6017;-70.2354
