10-15 Orange “Fireballs,” appearing and disappearing and moving about in the evening sky for the last 3 nights in a row…;2013-10-23 19:00:00;45;10-15 Orange “Fireballs,” appearing and disappearing and moving about in the evening sky for the last 3 nights in a row…  I have seen this almost exact scene 9 evenings over the last two years.  Three of these sightings were the last three nights in a row.  I’m pretty certain I will see it again tomorrow.  I have managed to already show three other people, much to their surprise and to my sanity.  Everyone is completely stunned when it actually happens as I say it will. Here is the way it seems to go:  Just after Sunset, and before moon rise (it happens to be a waning full moon the last 3 nights) I can look North–Northwest and 7 to 10 burning orange fireball like lights will appear in the sky as if turning on and reaching maximum brightness.   Tonight I noticed it seemed to start with one ball that, very rapidly, split into the whole group.  From there it seems to change a bit from encounter to encounter. Some of the objects will remain completely horizontally stationary and usually begin a sequential pattern of blinking once or twice, from left to right.  Some of the other objects might line up exactly vertical and also fade in and out sequentially.  It’s not really a blink, but more like they start to “Slip,” as they pulse.  While this is happening, the stragglers seem to move around more randomly and either fade out alone or merge together before fading out.  This whole first “act” may last 10 – 15 seconds and then vanish. After 20 seconds to a few minutes, they reappear almost due north and seem to repeat the first act again.  I’m guessing there is roughly 10-20 miles in between locations, but I can’t get a good fix on distance and size of the objects. From there, it becomes more random with the dance, but always switching between the two spots. I haven’t been able to determine a pattern, if any, yet.  It seems to happen 3-4 more times in each location as the large group of separate fireballs. After that, the numbers seem to diminish and the time between appearances grows longer until just one “ball” appears every 10 min or so with a very short duration of just a second or so. The show seems to end with a crescendo of just one fireball burning very, very brightly for one second and then the event seems to end as quietly as it all started just as the moon begins to rise over the hill behind me about 45 minutes from the start. I have been able to watch this show for the last 3 nights with such regularity, that I have risked looking totally nuts and invited friends to come witness this strangeness.  So far they have not let me down.  Everyone who has seen this is stunned and cannot believe what they are seeing with their own eyes.  It defies any explanation so far.  Everyone leaves stating, “Wow, people will think I’m nuts if I try to explain this!”  Luckily, I am 3 for 3 in the “not nuts,” department with those I have dragged out to witness this.  I will continue to invite others nightly, until it ceases to happen.  I figure that the more people I can show this too, the faster we can come up with a rational explanation of whatever this is. Yes, I have tried to take pictures, as have my friends, but for the last few nights we all just have our phones and they just don’t do it justice.  Plus it all is so exciting that as we fumble to his the record button and get it into view, you really don’t want to take your own eyes off of the scene as you struggle to make sense of it all.  It's quite spectacular and, unfortunately, it all happens pretty rapidly. Tomorrow morning I am headed to Phoenix to buy 2 good quality video cameras and tripods with the hope that I will get at least one more good night of this amazing show to record in a couple different ways.  I’m hoping that night vision might reveal some shape other than just orange orbs / “fireballs.”  I live in a very rural area, but I am 60 miles from Luke Air force base.  My sensible head says that this must be some sort of secretive military project being tested in a rather remote location.  That said, it is still directly overhead, and quite blatant to those looking up in a rather populated area.  If this testing were shifted 3 miles to the west, it would all happen in a desolate 60 square mile area, separated by mountains and populated with maybe 100 inhabitants.;33.9047866666667;-112.842633333333
