Oval shaped object performs remarkable aerial feats over Hastings, MN;2005-01-28 21:45:00;Approx. 4 minutes;Oval shaped object performs remarkable aerial feats over Hastings, MN I am a FI trainee with MUFON reporting here a sighting my sister had on the evening of January 28th of this year. My sister was driving south on Highway 61 in Hastings, MN en route to Winona when she spotted a bright, oval shaped white light southeast of her position.  There were scattered clouds and the moon was fully visible.  This object appeared at approximately the 3-4 o'clock position relative to the moon and my sister assumed that it was the light of an oncoming plane that she was seeing until it began to perfom some very remarkable movements.  From its stationary position it rapidly decended vertically to near the horizon level and hovered.  It seemed either to be wobbling or to be flashing lights, the clouds made it difficult to tell.  The object then reversed direction to head directly upwards approximately 1/3 the distance it had initially decended then stopped again.  After a second or two the object shot off with incredible speed to the northeast before disappearing.  She had managed to reach me by cell phone during the sighting and was obviously excited and seemed certain that she had seen no ordinary aircraft.  Unfortunately the object left the area before she was able to take pictures.  Also of note is the fact that she saw a vehicle pulled over to the side of the road with a man and his child watching the object through binoculars.  I plan to contact the local FAA to see if I can get any more information.;44.7126;-92.8589999999999
Small fast moving Cloud like looking UFOs > Moving in same direction at same fast speed.;2009-10-31 20:30:00;10 seconds;Small fast moving Cloud like looking UFOs > Moving in same direction at same fast speed. We  were sitting in the back yard enjoying a fire telling and showing my daughter the stars and sky explaining to her how big the universe is. That's when she said  what is that moving fast,  I looked up and saw the UFO.  My wife and I have been a witnesses of a UFo incident in 1997 in northern Texas.  It was very bright star, like moving in directions and speed that nothing could do on earth.  I have seen almost the same siteings on the history channel etc.  But what we saw tonight was camoflauge cloud like UFOS.  Both the same size moving much faster than the long stratas clouds in the area.With the moon glow shinning on the small cloud like looking thing.  No way was it a cloud, both were on same flight path and travaling at a much faster speed than the rest of the sky.  The more I think about what I saw the more it makes since.  What a better way to be discrete than taking the shape and looking like a small cloud.  No lights.  Just camoflage;44.7126;-92.8589999999999
