1st week of Feb 1995.  abord flight from San Antonio to DFW.  Bright light that speed away as we approached.;1995-02-06 20:30:00;10 - 13 secs;1st week of Feb 1995.  abord flight from San Antonio to DFW.  Bright light that speed away as we approached. (10 years have passed) I was onboard a flight from San Antonio, Texas after my father's funeral, and was heading back to Dallas (DFW.)  Since I get motion sickness easy, I have to look out the window in order to get a fixed point to look at.   A Cold front had gone through that cold cloudy day and it was rather windy around the time the flight took off.  The takeoff was rather bumpy, and I had my face looking out the window for something to focus on.  But the front had begun to clear the clouds away and as we gained altitude, it plane smoothed off.   After the plane had leveled off, I was looking out the window (right side of the plane) facing eastward.  I was enjoying the lights of the towns below and to the distance wishing I had not packed away the video camera so that I could show my son what it looks like from above.  I could see the tiny lights from the light poles along the roads and suddenly I noticed a light off in the distance that was down and in front of the plane.   My first thought was that it was from an airport tower because it had flashed to white as if it was turned on.  I wandered if I could see a plane take off.  But it went from a dim white light to a very-bright white light. Then all of a sudden, the light changed from white to bright red about the time the plane approached it, and it was then that I remembered that airport towers do not have red beacons.   Although this was away from the plane, (it appeared to be about a mile or so) when we were almost side-by-side (figuratively) it accelerated from what appeared to be a standstill and quickly outran us as if WE were standing still.  Unfortunately, I couldn't see it anymore because of the thickness of the windows on the plane, but it as it left, it was angled upwards at a slight angle about 15-20 degrees.   Other than family and one friend at work, I haven't spoken of this until now.  I was wondering if maybe you might have a report on or about this date in February 1995, the actual location is unknown. But I do know that we stayed on the West Side of DFW all throughout the flight.  As we approached the area of Dallas/Ft. Worth, our plane turned and headed east for about 8 - 10 minutes or so, then turned left in order to land from the south.   I've looked at the map of the area several times trying to remember the details.  After we took off, I could see Austin, TX in the distance to the East.  Then Killeen (still east of the plane, but much closer) and Waco off in the distance more North East of my location when I spotted the light. The size of the light?  I'm not exactly sure.  But the light itself was circular in shape. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));31.6764;-98.1088
Bright hovering light seen over Hamilton, Texas, with a smaller object with flashing lights alongside it.;2008-01-15 06:20:00;20 Minutes;Bright hovering light seen over Hamilton, Texas, with a smaller object with flashing lights alongside it. January 15th, 2008 at 6:15 am in Hamilton, Texas I was taking my dog outside to let it use the bathroom. I looked to the East, where I have seen objects appear in the past, and I saw a light that was not a light in the usual constellation patterns. I look at the sky in this direction every time I take my dog outside, so I know right away if a light is appearing in a spot where there is normally not a light/star.  It moved around a bit, and then grew very bright, like a car headlight coming at me, and was very large, then dimmed to the brightness of a star, and then repeated the sequence again at least 3 or 4 times, while hovering and moving about slowly in random directions. It looked to be about at the height that a helicopter flies, but it definitely was not moving the way I have seen helicopters maneuver. It was about 4 miles away from where I was.  I was in the US Army for 6 ½ years, so I have seen quite a few varieties of aircraft, and know when something is moving in the sky, in a non-traditional aircraft way.  Off to the right (South) of that light, there was a smaller object, which had a small white light in the center, and a ring of flashing colored lights across the center of the object. The flashing lights were mostly blue and red. This smaller object moved around in random directions more than the larger object did.  I watched it for about 20 minutes and then went back into the house.;31.6764;-98.1088
