Light came from over our hill and started circulating above us.;1999-05-10 21:00:00;about 1 minute;Light came from over our hill and started circulating above us. Around mid May I was walking my girlfriend outside as I do when she leaves at night.  As we exited my front porch in my rural town we saw a beam of light coming over the top of the hill I live on, near the road.  We just assumed it was a car but heard nothing.  The light shifted and rose over the trees.  I did not see where this light was coming from.  We both stared at this beam of light that rose from the tree tops over our heads.  I said to my girlfriend It looks like someone has a really bright flash light or spot light and is in the trees shining it!!  As rediculous as it sounds that is exactley what it looked like! I could not figure where this light was coming from.  The light lifted up in the air way above the tree tops and the beam of light shortened towards us and turned in a rotating motion over our heads.  It looked like a bunch of little rays of light rotating over our heads.  I grabbed my girlfriend and said for her to move out from under it.  I ran inside and told my father to come outside and see.  When he got outside it was gone but there was this bright, glow-like cluster of clouds in the sky.  Now I don't know if what we saw was nature or UFO.  What ever it was freaked us out even to this day.  If anyone has any sort of info or shared experience(s) please e-mail me.  Thank you. ----- ((name and e-address deleted));42.2449;-76.4883
Huge, bright red light (too large to be a plane & not blinking), resembled plane crash but didn't fall, just slowly glided across sky.;2012-11-22 20:00:00;4 minutes;Huge, bright red light (too large to be a plane & not blinking), resembled plane crash but didn't fall, just slowly glided across sky Driving on Rte 34/96 in North Spencer, I noticed a bright red light in the sky. The light was enormous, leading me to suspect that I was witnessing a plane crash and that it was a huge ball of fire that had taken over the entire plane and more. But, it was not falling it was sloooowly gliding – far too slowly and far too large to even be a plane. There also were not any blinking lights, as a plane would have at night it was just one huge, solid red light. I pulled off to the side of the road to watch it, still trying to figure out what I was observing. I was in an area where there is no cell phone service, so I could not call anyone. I decided to turn around and find someone else to see it. I pulled down a road and could still see the bright red light. And, then, it just vanished. I thought maybe it had disappeared into the clouds but would reemerge but, instead, it just disappeared instantly and I did not see it again. Is this the government up to something?  Or, . . ?;42.2449;-76.4883
