Multiple light formations seen in Selah WA.;2003-09-12 04:15:00;1 hour;Multiple light formations seen in Selah WA. At 4:15 am I looked out the window to just look at the night sky.I have been having trouble sleeping. I noticed an airplane flashing its light.They were red blue and white. Then I noticed that the plane was moving from left to right and then stood still.the red,blue and white lights stopped and the light formation went up and down like a backwards j.The lights were now green. I stood there watching them and they began to flash red and green pattern.I went to wake my thirteen year old daughter.She was not excited.She says she had been seeing weird crafts all summer.She went back to bed.I tried to take a picture, but my digital camera wouldn't work.I got binoculars and watched from my daughters window.The lights then went all green.I then watched the lights go on.I could see what I believe was the top of the craft.It looked like the lights on a ferris wheel there were green lights around the outside and strait green ones perfectly along the top.The lights were dim and on for a few seconds.They went off and I could only see the backwards J green formation.By now it was close to 5:00am.The green lights stopped and I saw one huge lavender/blue light.It looked like it was scanning for something and it disappeared.That was the last I saw of it. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that celestial bodies, perhaps twinkling stars, would be the first possibility that would have to be ruled out.  However, we do not know what the witnesses observed.  PD));46.6763999999999;-120.5351
UFO over selah wa;2010-07-25 21:30:00;7 seconds;UFO over selah wa At 9:30PM,the sun was almost behind Clemens mountains as I was looking out across the sky enjoying the view of the sunset with my girlfriend.  The UFO came out of the sky directly below the rising moon to the south.  It flashed a very bright white light then dimmed as it shot across the sky.  It came from nowhere and made a horizontal line across the sky in one second then stopped for five seconds.   During that five second moment it flashed two very bright white lights, then took off directly up towards space.   We waited outside for the next ten minutes and saw nothing more.  The speed it was moving at was amazingly fast, with no sound ever and was oval in shape. When we saw the UFO, we thought it might be another meteor at first, but it didn't descend down to earth.  We were both already looking in the direction from which it appeared at, because we were gazing at the full moon.  The UFO just appeared from nowhere, like it came from another universe or dimension into ours when it flashed the light, then took off.;46.6763999999999;-120.5351
