4 fireballs in night sky.  Shape seen.;2013-12-31 19:54:00;10-15 minutes;4 fireballs in night sky. Shape seen. I had stepped out onto my front porch which faces south to have a cigarette.  I looked at the sky as usual and while looking at the night sky I observed first a single fireball appear from the tree line to the west and  slowly, without sound gain altitude.  I opened the front door and yelled for my Husband to come see the fireball.  As he and our daughter stepped outside a second fireball appeared at the tree line in almost the same location as the original.  This fireball also began to gain altitude but veered slightly to the north then back south in an almost zigzag like pattern.  At this time the original fireball was very high in the sky and travelling in a southern direction and then faded to the point we could no longer see it with our eyes.  Just before the original fireball faded a third fireball was visible from the tree line  where the first two had originated.  Also travelling in a similar pattern to the first two fireballs.  Without losing eyesight of t! he fireballs I reached into my sweater pocket and pulled out my iPhone to record this phenomina.  Unfortunately it was too dark outside and the fireballs to far in the distance for my iPhone to capture them.  My husband stated that it was odd there were no manmade aircraft in the sky.  It was unnaturally quiet.   After watching the third fireball fade into the night sky, we went back inside.  We were inside for about 2 minutes and I opened the front door and stepped back outside to see if it would occur again and behold there was a fourth fireball just clearing the tree line in the west but instead of going up it moved east in the direction of where we were. And slowly it began to veer to the south and gain altitude, but it seemed to move much slower than the first three. As it turned it did not appear to be a fireball anymore. The shape of the fourth fireball we had seen was like a circle or oval with a triangular fin on top and two triangular fins on the bottom creating a large! r triangular shape. This fireball did not go up and fade out, ! it conti nued to turn south and then back west before disappearing from sight.;46.6763999999999;-120.5351
