A wing shaped, lightly glowing (smoky white) thing  flying out towards the Montery Bay each night for 2 nights in a row.;2002-07-05 23:45:00;seconds;A wing shaped, lightly glowing (smoky white) thing  flying out towards the Montery Bay each night for 2 nights in a row. For 2 nights now I have seen this 'chevron/wing' shaped light...  It is very odd.  It moves very fast from the south to the north (maybe a little west)...  It reminds me of the way a flashlight can be seen in the fog except that there is no length to the beam that reaches the ground.  It is hard to describe.  It moved silently and quickly... No flashing lights at all, just this almost smoky, ghostlike chevron/wing that cruises across the sky.  The last 2 nights here have been clear and tonight it is completely clear. I am not sure why I have seen this but prior to both times the thought occurred to me that I should go and look at the stars (something that I almost never do). I have had some passed experiences that were much more intense than this and they were wittnessed by others but this has left me with a really wierd feeling.;36.9745;-121.9548
4-5 dim amber lights in chevron formation, silent, extremely high speed, South to North.;2007-06-04 21:43:00;4 Seconds;4-5 dim amber lights in chevron formation, silent, extremely high speed, South to North. Capitola CA:   June 4, 2007,  21:43. I witnessed an unidentifiable flying object(s).   While taking my dog down the steps from the second floor apartment, I looked up at the sky as I stepped off the last step.  Facing South, I saw at about 45 degrees azimuth an array of 4-5 dim orange or amber, round lights in an obtuse V pattern, almost a straight line.    The lights were smaller in diameter than a pencil eraser and moving north at extremely high speed.  They were silent.  I couldn’t comprehend what it was, and I turned to watch as they passed over.   As I tried to identify the shape, the left-most light deviated from the formation by increasing its distance from the next closest light, while the others maintained the same formation.   The formation traversed approximately 120 degrees of the visible sky between apartment buildings in 3 or 4 seconds.  I could not tell their altitude. At the same time, a commercial airliner was crossing the sky at nearly the same vector, but a much higher altitude.  After watching the amber light formation, the airliner seemed to take an impossibly long time to cover the same distance. I think I saw a UFO!;36.9745;-121.9548
