formation forming (triangle) group of lights;2009-07-30 21:30:00;20 seconds;formation forming (triangle) group of lights 3 crafts flying off of the monterey bay from the south heading north over Capitola, 2 of the crafts were in formation and the 3rd flew up from behind and joined them in a perfect triangular formation. The speed that this was done at was incredible.The entire sighting was approximatley 15 seconds There was no blinking lights the craft were white lights. There was absolutley no sound. These were no jet aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));36.9745;-121.9548
Bright red torch-like object seen ascending rapidly, making a right angle turn, and disappearing from view in Capitola, CA;2012-10-01 20:10:00;1 minute;Bright red torch-like object seen ascending rapidly, making a right angle turn, and disappearing from view in Capitola, CA At approximately 20:10, PST, my husband and I were outside of our home in Capitola, CA.  We were startled when we saw a bright red light that suddenly appeared in the sky.  Initially, the light seemed to be quite a distance away and relatively high in the sky (it was to the right of the moon from our vantage point at that time). The best description we can give of the object is that it seemed similar to the shape of torch and the red color was extremely bright.  What struck us as most peculiar was that the object was ascending rapidly, practically straight up.  Then it suddenly and rapidly moved right, almost at a right angle.  Then it began moving toward us and its flight appeared to take more of a horizontal course.  Without taking our eyes from the object, we moved our position on the ground to maintain an unobstructed view of its course.  The object continued to fly horizontally and then it disappeared before our eyes.  We remained in the same position for several minutes but the object did not reappear.  The skies are clear so we feel relatively certain that the object did not simply disappear behind a cloud. We have never before witnessed a similar phenomenon in the sky and we weren’t sure how or where to report this experience.  We found your website after conducting a Google search.  We are curious to learn if anyone else in the area witnessed a similar object in the sky.;36.9745;-121.9548
