large triangular shape white lights on sides very high unimaginabley fast off to the south toward Big Sur.;2000-12-31 22:00:00;2min.;large triangular shape white lights on sides very high unimaginabley fast off to the south toward Big Sur. triangular shape clear lights on the edges very high like among the stars but as large as moon moved fast to the south then unimaginable velocity then disappeared.;36.9745;-121.9548
Small Black Triangle flying over surfers in Capitola, CA midday at about 750 ft. altitude perfectly quiet and flying level;2001-04-13 13:00:00;5 minutes;Small Black Triangle flying over surfers in Capitola, CA midday at about 750 ft. altitude perfectly quiet and flying level ((NUFORC Note:  Author of this report later writes that he believes the object was a military Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV).   I was out surfing in the Monterey Bay at a surf spot called sharks which is near where 41st avenue run from Hiway 1 to the Monterey Bay.  We myself and 3 or 4 other surfers heard an aircraft overhead and we spotted at about 750 to 1,000 ft. a triangular craft pure black no markings and very thin approximately 3 ft. thick. It was silent.  What we heard was above it a twin engine civilian craft that looked as though it was checking out the triangle.  The triangle was the shape of a hang-glider but rigid wings and had two small approx 2ft. propellers at the trailing edge of the triangle about 2-3 feet from each of the two points at the rear.  As the triangle was only going about 40 mph the twin engine overtook it quickly and as the triangle went inland over the land without a change in altitude the twin engine that was about 750 ft. above the triangle banked off.  The triangle kept going inland. It went right over our heads and was flying level and was not gliding.  It was under power as proven by its level and slow flight for a long time.  It was not an equalateral triangle but had a trailing edge that was smaller than the leading edges.  It looked unmanned as it was very thin and if a man had been lying down inside of it it would have been very cramped as the total thickness looked to me about 2 feet.  I mentioned the sighting to the other surfers out there with me and I said what the heck was that? One replied a stealth obviously referring to the stealth bomber or the stealth fighter of which I have seen both in flight doing a couple of fly bys at a Stockton, CA airshow a few years ago.  This was way smaller than the stealth bomber and fighter and was very small.  I spoke to a family relative who worked at Lockheed Missiles and space in LA at the skunk works for several years and he said that the drones they were working on had wooden propellers 2 ft. long made by a local civilian.  The question is why would the military fly a craft over civilians in mid-day at such a low altitude and go over su! rfers a known surfing spot and then go over land?  There was no attempt to hide it. I reported it to the FAA at the Monterey airport and the air traffic controller said to me that if I spotted it again to please let him know.  Since I am 50 years old and have never seen anything even close to this before I mentioned to him that it was highly unlikely that I would ever see it again.;36.9745;-121.9548
Small triangle with two props 3 feet from each wing tip and perfectly quiet at a low altitude.;2002-05-15 14:00:00;2-3 minutes;Small triangle with two props 3 feet from each wing tip and perfectly quiet at a low altitude. I was out surfing and it was a weekend day. Often airplanes will fly fairly low over the surfers just to check us out on the weekends.  I was at a surf spot called sharks which is near the Hook a surf spot that is directly at the end of 41st avenue which runs from Highway 1 to the cliffs at the Pacific.  We were sitting there and we looked up because there was a twin engine conventional aircraft approaching at about 1,000 feet and below it and moving much slower was a triangular craft small at about 500 feet and approximately the size of a hang-glider except that it had firm trailing edges and there was no bow in the wing as there is in hang-gliders.  Additionally this craft was completely silent and about 2-3 feet thick. It looked too thin to have held a human and there was no landing gear. This craft had 2 props located approximately 3 feet from the left and right tips of the triangle. It was white with no other markings.  It flew directly overhead and the continued to go at the same altitude directly over the land. At this point the twin engine conventional craft banked off to its left to avoid going over the land at a low altitude. Before and after the conventional craft came and went the triangle traveled at about 30 miles per hour and was completely quiet.  One surfer said to me what the hell was that? I replied that it looked like and unmanned aerial vehicle.  The other two surfers said nothing.  Most of the time us surfers prefer not to talk to each other at all.  It is not like a friendly atmosphere with other surfers as we are basically competing for the best waves and there is more hostility out there than friendliness if any conversation at all. A few days later I called the nearest airport which I believe was in Monterey and I spoke with an air traffic controller.  I questioned him about the legal altitudes for aircraft over water and I believe he said that it is 100 ft. over the water and 300 ft. over the land but I am not sure of those numbers.  The reason I asked this question is because of the fact that the twin engine banked off when the craft went inland.  It looked to me that the twin engine had seen the craft and was buzzing it from above to see what it was.  The air traffic controller said that he had not recieved any other reports but asked me to report to him if I saw it again.  As an important side note my brother-in-laws father worked at Lockheed Missiles and space in Silicon Valley and also in L.a.  In L.A. he worked at the skunkworks as a purchasing agent and he was buying wooden hand made props for  unmanned aerial vehicles that he said were powered by chainsaw engines that had exhaust systems installed to make them perfectly quiet.  He said they used wood props because they were only 2 feet long and made by some obscure small time person who could shape them the way they needed to be effective and also quiet.  The craft I saw looked too thin to hold a human although if the human was lying down in the prone position perhaps he could fit inside.  What amazes me is that the military would fly such a craft over heavily populated areas on a weekend in Monterey Bay and over land too. It was interesting but looked very much man-made.-((name deleted));36.9745;-121.9548
triangular craft with three dim lights moving swiftly and silently across night sky;2011-02-06 19:15:00;~5 seconds;triangular craft with three dim lights moving swiftly and silently across night sky Last night I took a walk to the cliffs (Monterey Bay) and I looked up at the sky quite a bit the crescent moon and stars were beautiful.  I was almost to my front door when I looked up one last time to appreciate the night sky.  My eyes were instantly drawn to movement- the movement of a triangular craft!  It was above my house and flew eastward until trees and homes blocked my view.  It moved quickly and silently across the sky.  Its color was a dark grey, only a few shades away from the color of the sky.  It had three lights, each one close to a point of the triangle.  The lights were not typical white lights, like that of an airplane.  They were dimmer, circular, and wider in circumference than the usual aircraft lights. They did not have a color. It was hard to judge how high it was flying, or how big it was.  It was close enough that I could clearly see that it was a triangle with three lights.  My thoughts while watching it were, Wow, I'm actually! seeing a UFO!  And it's a triangle, just like ones I've heard about.  And it IS silent.  Wooooow.  Then it was gone. I walked in the door in a state of shock and told my husband and son what I saw.  My son thinks it's military.  I don't know.  I suppose they could have some super-stealthy technology that we don't know about.  I don't know what it was, but it was certainly NOT an airplane, a mirage, weather phenomenon, or any of the normal things one sees in the sky. I have never, ever seen anything like this before.  Not even close!  I am a stay-at-home mom in my 30's, very honest, Christian, and I am telling you, and anyone who'll listen, I saw a triangle UFO.  Something strange is out there!;36.9745;-121.9548
