3 orange spheres moving througout the sky in various directions for 40 minutes;2010-09-14 21:30:00;40 Minutes;3 orange spheres moving througout the sky in various directions for 40 minutes On the night of 9.14.10 - Waukesha County Wisconsin  I was driving home from work around 9:30 PM central time when I noticed some bright lights in the sky throughout the tree line. I didn’t pay too much attention to them until I wound up on long straight road where these 3 glowing orange spheres caught my attention. They were noticeably brighter than all the stars and the glow of a full moon in a clear nights sky. There were 2 other fainter red glowing lights which I figured were planes to the left of my point of view from the 3 glowing spheres. I was driving east and had a good view of the horizon for a while where I couldn’t stop glancing up at the glowing orbs in the sky. I thought that was a strange occurrence and tried to make sense out of what those were. I got back at my house soon after seeing the spheres and took a quick shower. I left the house right away and headed to my friend’s house. I pulled up on top of this hill in my neighborhood and the orange glowing balls were in the same location as when I saw them about 25 minutes prior. I stopped my car and watched these orbs as one stayed in the distance and the other two started moving in towards one another. They get close together when the left one starts to ascend as the one on the right starts moving back to where it was. I paid particular attention to the closest light and it was so bright that it had a glow to it that almost looked like a crown on top of the burning light. They continued to make these strange maneuvers until I left about ten minutes later. I then drove to my friend’s house and pointed these orbs out to them. We could see these orange balls move over the tree lines and move about the sky fairly quickly compared to any planes or helicopters. They certainly weren’t limited to moving in a straight line or having to take a while to change their trajectory. They thought it was a weird sight to see, and my friend had said that he also has seen strange lights in the sky in that eastern direction before. We went inside and I left later on in the night. I had my eye out for the lights when I left but they were nowhere to be seen. I haven’t seen them since. Composed 9.26.10;43.0655665859573;-88.1431995157377
