Rectangular bright object on mountain in fillmore, californina;2011-07-05 22:00:00;couple seconds;Rectangular bright object on mountain in fillmore, californina My cousin, her cousin and I were driving on the 126 highway coming home from work.  Ironically enough my friend was telling us about her alleged UFO sighting two days prior (the 3rd of july 2011) when she was coming into fillmore from moorpark.  She told us that she saw this rectangular shaped object it was really bright and she saw it dim a little and out of nowhere it shot straight up into the sky.   I had told her to report it on some ufo report site to see if anyone else might have seen it.  The funny thing was that one of her guy friends had posted on facebook that he witnessed something similar to her story (the 4th of july, a day after her sighting). Coming home from work, we pass a little town called piru (about 5 minutes away from fillmore) anyways, about 2 minutes away from piru on top of a mountain, my friend points out and yells, That’s it right there!   We saw a short glimpse of  what appears to be a rectangular shaped object but it looked as if there was a tall bright antenna  on top of it..  Everything was lit up, it almost reminded me of a long rectangular circus hut because from the antenna, it looked 2 be lights connecting to the ends of the craft to the sides or the top of the antenna.   Another unique thing about it was it looked almost if there where windows!  Some lit and some not.. like one yes next no, one yes, next no. the lights on the antanna and the ones connecting looked almost like small round lights (like x-mas lights u hang on your house) but inside the window looking things it was illuminating from the inside.   We lost sight of it because the mountain covered it because of our drivi! ng straight.  I told her to turn back but she didn’t want to.   The distance from us to the object was about 300 - 400 yards away (idk if im calculating it right because of the height, but it was a little mountain) but the mountain from the road we were driving on was about 100 yards.  It looked like a long version of a huge house (one story house).  And when we couldn’t see it, we can still see a glow behind the mountain that was covering it. For a little we didn’t belive her, but she swore it was the same thing she had seen 2 days prior.. we were all shooken up;34.3918;-118.9154
