Many colorful balls of light over Osawatomie to Canada;1987-10-15 21:00:00;2+ hours;Many colorful balls of light over Osawatomie to Canada I lived outside Osawatomie with now ex boyfriend and 1 yr old in the country.  My exexcitedly told me o step outside.   Looking up there were 25 or more balls of blue gold red and green lights that were just above the trees.  It lit up the ground around like it was a full moon out even though there was not.  There was no structure nor sound and they moved very very slowly..  They looked  like roman candle balls and the same intnse glow.  We scooped up my daughter and hopped into the truck me in my fuzzy footed jammies even. We tore out of the field and went to next farm over.  The neighbors were were teaching barrel racing and said it must be a satelite that exploded and entered the earths atmoshere.  We were still freaked out because this is not an everyday occurance. arriving in the city of osawatomie we saw charlie the cop getting into his squad car and told him what we wittnessed.  He too had sen the same and reports were coming in from community.  Baffled and no ! answers after about an hour we pulled through the gate protecting the 100 acres where we lived.  Of into the distance to the north like heading to Olathe we could only see a trail about mile or so wide of orange sparks trailing behind the light balls path.   A few months went and one night in Olathe at friends house we were dinking and talking when the same sighting was seen by the other 2 females were were hanging out with.  They had witnessed the sighting too but they were in Lenexa at the arrowhead Apt. Pool/clubhouse.  They thought they were tripping and just seeing the same trip.  They had heard leter after their sighting it was a satellite and the pixals that were the balls of light we had all seen and reports of it seen all the way to canada. .   I do not know what it was.  Never heard anything about it til they told their story and nothing ever after that.   I was wondering did anyone else ever see anything like it as well around the same time frame? ((NUFORC Note:  Date probably is approximate.  PD));38.4882;-94.9604
