Starlike objects  rotate around each other & then speed away in opposite directions in an erractic flight path at varying speeds.;1999-07-13 22:45:00;2 minutes approx;Starlike objects  rotate around each other & then speed away in opposite directions in an erractic flight path at varying speeds. We had gone up out of the valley where Fort Qu'appelle is situated (45 miles NE of Regina Saskatchewan) at approx 22:30 to take my nephews out of the light glow from the town to see if we could observe some satellites or falling stars. We had driven about 3/4 of a mile from the valleys edge and pulled off onto an approach into a field and  we all got out to observe the sky. We were all just standing there when all of a sudden , one of my nephews yelled out What the heck is that? We looked off into the northwesr sky & at about a 10:00 position were two Starlike  objects , rotating around each other at a high rate of speed.  They did this for a few rotations and then one object took off in a westerly direction and the second object  sped off at a high rate of speed in an Easterly direction. These objects were a very long way off and seemed to be mixed in with the stars.  The second object was heading east at a high rate of speed and then seemed to slow down and  drop into an arch, or half circle pattern,   until it rseemed to reach it's original path and then it accelerated rapidly again in an Easterly direction. It proceeded like this for a short distance and then dropped into that pattern again and then back up into it's original path. It carried on doing this until it eventually went out of sight in the Eastern sky. I had  binoculars with me and even with them it appeared to be nothing more than a star gone crazy. The object travelled right across the sky  in this pattern until it disappeared. In the excitement of watching this , all four of us forgot all about the first object that had sped off  to the west .We don't know what type of flight pattern it took. My nephews, brother & myself had never observed anything like this before or since. When we returned to our campsite my nephews, both teenagers, were so excited about this that they still talk about it to this day. I had no idea as to who we should report this to, or if we should, but after listening to Art Bell's show on Feb 5/01 I thought i! should report it for what it's worth. We know it was something out of the ordinary and were amazed at the way it manouvered.   My brother who was with us , and who has been employed by the Provincial government for nearly 30 years , was equally amazed at this and is convinced that it is nothing that was made on earth.;50.7664;-103.7783
