Large caravan of UFO's appear in night sky over Marietta Ga.;2013-11-29 18:30:00;2.5 hours;Large caravan of UFO's appear in night sky over Marietta Ga. I was standing at my back door getting some fresh air,it was a cold and clear night with minimal wind, when I noticed a large and very bright object to my west, it hadn't been there a moment before, as I had been standing there watching the last bit of sun fall off the horizon,  The object appeared just above the tree line.  It was not a star, it was to low on the horizon.  I watched it carefully to see if it moved, like a plane or helicopter, anything, but it didn't move, it just hovered for several minutes.  It was very large and very bright.  Then suddenly the object split into two, and one part began to fly off to the south.  After a few minutes the second object followed.  I visually followed the first object and watched it fly at a high rate of speed due south, then it abruptly turned right and flew straight up until it disappeared.  The second object followed the same southerly path, but did not turn right.  I thought it was over.  I was very wrong.  Next, I once again saw another object manifest itself in roughly the same spot.  This object again split and instead of immediately flying south, three objects hovered over to the left of the main ship.  Over the next 2.5 hours, myself, my son and my husband all witnessed something, I can not even believe really happened.  I watched as these UFO's manifested themselves out of thin air one after the other, they would hover for several moments then fly due south.  It was like a caravan of UFO's, as I looked back to the North from where the original UFO had appeared, I literally witnessed one after the other flying in the same direction about the same distance apart from each other.  They were all the same colors and seemed to be the same shape.  We counted roughly 40-50 UFO's total over that 2.5 hour period of time.  I do not have access to anything stronger than a pair of binoculars, but those were enough to see what I needed to see.  I saw a ring with bright alternating colors of blu! e, green, red and yellow lights flashing, they made no noise o! r sound and all of them followed the same path.  They appeared to change shape( looking fuller while hovering, then flattening out while flying).     At first they seemed to have some sort of bubble on the front of the craft, then they turned flat and rotated and at other times they seemed to have some sort of tail (all of these assessments of exact shape are from the photos).  I was able to take pictures and some video.   What I witnessed was amazing, as well as, terrifying. I know my life is forever changed from this experience and would love some feedback or any insight. Thank in advance for your help.;33.9683919449902;-84.5182383104128
Another Night of Large Sightings In Marietta Ga;2013-11-30 17:43:00;4 hours 21 minutes;Another Night of Large Sightings In Marietta Ga I witnessed several UFO's that appeared in the west, each one would hover for a few moments then proceed to the south.  This pattern was repeated for the next several hours. One by one, the UFO's would appear, hover, then proceed south.  My son, and I did see a few crafts moving to the north, but I could not make out the shape only the flashing lights.  We also observed a very bright shape in the southern sky that appeared to be a star, but was very large and had a very large hue around it.  As, I observed it through the binoculars and I could see flashing lights enter the object.   At one point 6 UFO's appeared and moved into what looked like a formation.  I also was able to see through the binoculars that they seemed to be traveling in pairs, so my numbers could be way off.  They change shape, as I did see a saucer shape very clearly and sketched it out as soon as I saw it, but also other shapes that resembled a cigar and some that appeared to have a tail like a comma, among others. The colors varied from ship to ship, but most has blue, red, yellow, gold, maybe green alternating flashing/pulsating.  It really depends on the angle I was looking and the distance, but the colors were present on all the crafts.;33.9683919449902;-84.5182383104128
Daytime (sunset) sighting of an object that looked similar to a space station.;2016-09-29 19:15:00;3-4 minutes;Daytime (sunset) sighting of an object that looked similar to a space station. September 29, 2016 7:15 PM EDT. I stepped out on my back deck to enjoy a break in the summer heat and heard a large airliner pass by overhead in a north-easterly direction, which is a normal route out of Atlanta Airport.  The airliner probably had not reached its cruising altitude but was above 15,000 feet.  I could hear and see it very well. As I watched the airliner travel away from me I noticed another craft that was west of the airliner traveling to the southeast and was quite a bit higher than the airliner.  The craft looked as if it were descending directly at me in a nose down fashion. The setting sun reflected brilliantly from the craft in a golden color, which made it difficult to know exactly what color it was.  If I had to guess the color was probably silver.  At first it looked like the International Space Station with two sets of solar panels extending from each side making it look similar to a bi-plane. The reflected sun light radiated around the craft revealing a solid object, at this point its direction of travel was due east.  After a few seconds the object changed course to due south as it approached where I was standing.  It travelled south slowly away from my position but the appendages similar to bi-plane wings or solar panels had changed and appeared to be on the west or right side of the object. I called my daughter out to see the object.  Her first reaction was “it’s a plane”.  I sort of disputed that by saying “where’s the wings”.  She said “well it doesn’t seem to have any”.  At that point the object was cigar shaped with appendages on its right side.  We watched it continue south and I looked away to come inside the house and my daughter said it disappeared.  I looked one last time and didn’t see it. Summarizing: the object had physical shape, brilliantly reflected the setting sun producing a gleaming effect, made no noise, had no blinking lights, traveled in very steady manner, changed direction and shape.;33.9683919449902;-84.5182383104128
