Cylinder with bi-plane type wings or appendages, reflected setting sun in a brilliant golden color.;2016-09-29 19:16:00;2 minutes;Cylinder with bi-plane type wings or appendages, reflected setting sun in a brilliant golden color. September 29, 2016 7:15 PM EDT. I stepped out on my back deck to enjoy a break in the summer heat and heard a large airliner pass by overhead in a north-easterly direction, which is a normal route out of Atlanta Airport.  The airliner probably had not reached its cruising altitude but was above 15,000 feet.  I could hear and see it very well. As I watched the airliner travel away from me I noticed another craft that was west of the airliner traveling to the southeast and was quite a bit higher than the airliner.  The craft looked as if it were descending directly at me in a nose down fashion. The setting sun reflected brilliantly from the craft in a golden color, which made it difficult to know exactly what color it was.  If I had to guess the color was probably silver.  At first it looked like the International Space Station with two sets of solar panels extending from each side making it look similar to a bi-plane. The reflected sun light radiated around the craft revealing a solid object, at this point its direction of travel was due east.  After a few seconds the object changed course to due south as it approached where I was standing.  It travelled south slowly away from my position, but the appendages similar to bi-plane wings or solar panels had changed and appeared to be on the west or right side of the object. I called my daughter out to see the object.  Her first reaction was “it’s a plane”.  I sort of disputed that by saying “where’s the wings”.  She said “well it doesn’t seem to have any”.  At that point the object was cigar shaped with appendages on its right side.  We watched it continue south and I looked away to come inside the house and my daughter said it disappeared.  I looked one last time and didn’t see it. Summarizing:  the object had physical shape, brilliantly reflected the setting sun producing a gleaming effect, made no noise, had no blinking lights, traveled in very steady manner, changed direction and shape.;33.9683919449902;-84.5182383104128
