Low, fast flying discs spotted on busy main street.;2000-09-15 19:06:00;about 5 minutes;Low, fast flying discs spotted on busy main street. I was driving on Sept. 15, 2000 north on Sheldon Rd., north of Cherry Hill when I saw two disc shaped objects fly very low (just above the treetops), making no sound, and very fast. They were dark.  I had just crossed Cherry Hill where there is an open view because of fields.  The sky ahead was cloudless and blue with large, puffy, dark clouds to the west and lighter ones to the east, but these objects were against clear blue sky.  They caught my eye because they were moving so fast from east to west (crossing Sheldon Rd. and seemingly traveling parallel to Ford Rd. which is a very heavily travelled road) and so low that I could see two of them, one flying in front of the other.  I live approximately 10 miles from Detroit Metropolitan Airport and see planes flying all the time, and less than 6 miles from Willow Run Airport whose flight path is directly over my house and these objects were not planes.  Planes never fly that low, east to west, around here.  These objects were too high, too big and too fast to be birds.  As I continued to travel north, and they to the west, it looked as if there were really three distinct objects with space between them with the first one hiding the one in the middle until I was farther north to see it.  Then they went behind the trees and out of my sight.  When I got to Ford Rd. I looked to the west but couldn't see a thing.  Then I turned west and parked in a large strip mall lot to search the skies, but I could not see a thing.  I looked at my van's clock and the time was 7:06 p.m. Eastern Standard time.  The next day, I drove the same route to measure the distance from where I first saw the objects and the distance to Ford Rd.  It was seven tenths of a mile.;42.3115121951219;-83.4649048780485
Saucer with 3 Very Bright Lights Observed In Non Ballistic Flight, Then Disappeared;2007-09-13 06:55:00;1 to 3 minutes;Saucer with 3 Very Bright Lights Observed In Non Ballistic Flight, Then Disappeared My son is 14 years old and observed a strange object in the sky while riding the bus to school.  At approximately 06:55, My son's bus was on Beck Road at the Joy Road intersection, in Canton, Michigan. He looked out the bus window to the west and he saw 3 dim white lights at about 40 degrees above the horizon.  The lights then started to brighten and became very bright white. The object then began to move slowly upward and to the north. It went a short distance then stopped, changed direction, going upward and to the south for a short distance. The object stopped again, then began moving slowly north and upward. It stopped again, then flew south and upward again for the last time.  It stopped, tipped vertically revealing a distinct saucer-shaped craft with 3 bright white lights in a triangular formation.  Remaining in that sideway's position, it slowly ascended, then instantly disappeared.  My son was too shocked to think to point it out to anyone else on the bus. He said no one else took notice that he was aware of.  That evening, I told my wife that our son saw what he thought was a UFO while riding to school and I didn't describe anything to her about what our son said to me.  She immediately said that she saw something very strange that morning also, while driving to work. She said, whatever it was, it had 3 impossibly bright white lights and was hovering in the field north of the road, just above the trees, as she drove past it on Ford Road, going west, near the Ridge Road intersection. She said it was huge. She said it was about the size of a small ranch home. She said she wanted to stop, but there was too much traffic and she couldn't pull over safely. She saw this very similiar looking craft approximately 10 to 15 minutes earlier than my son at around 06:40.  Her location was approximately 2.5 miles away from my son's location when he saw the saucer.  This was amazing since I didn't give my wife details of what our son saw and to have her tell me the same number of lights as our son along with seeing it 10 minutes apart in the same area.  Drawings and a map are attached.;42.3115121951219;-83.4649048780485
