Starlight object sparkels as star, drifts and travels awkwardly northeast, then fades and loses all light....;2003-01-24 18:51:00;5 minutes;Starlight object sparkels as star, drifts and travels awkwardly northeast, then fades and loses all light.... First of all, I never thought I'd be reporting ANY UFO sighting. However, I do believe in life beyond our planet and no, this is not a report based on my being an X-Files fan. I did not have any alcohol in my system and what I and my fiancee saw was as real as these words I now type. We had extremely cold conditions tonight due to the freeze that has hit much of the south. My fiancee and I were leaving our home at 1850 hours CST to meet a friend for dinner. We are both college professors, lest anyone doubt the validity and reality of what we saw. We live on the east side of the city where few if any street lights are lit. Our driveway runs north/south. We were walking from our north facing front door to my sedan to our right (east). My fiancee said, Look up, the stars are so beautiful. I did, and at that moment as were looking toward the eastern sky, approximately 60-70 degrees above the horizon we saw what appeared to be another bright star, only moving. This light (star) moved to the left (north) of the constellation Orion. I knew the constellation well--Orion's belt and his inverted triangular upper point stars and his lower standard triangular lower point stars. This star-like light seemingly moved slowly north. It had no trail of a comet, did not travel quickly and leave a streak as a meteor or meteorite. The moving light was as bright as the surrounding stars, moved awkwardly, but mostly in a straight line. This star-like object did not blink in patterns as an airliner might, was not blinking red and green as a lower flying aircraft, it just stayed aglow. Then as it appeared to travel north-northeast, the light diminished in intensity, then faded as if losing power? switching itself off? or climbed higher out of the earth's surrounding atmosphere into space. The light flicked out. There were absolutely no clouds in the sky the heavens were clear. We went to dinner shaking our heads, but we both agreed that the object we saw was real. In fact, when we arrived at our dinner location, we looked u! p toward the eastern sky again and saw two aircraft, one flying high and blinking its steady strobe flying westbound and we witnessed another low-flying aircraft with visible red and green lights as a comparison to our original siting. I truly believe what we saw was not an aircraft, meteor, meteorite, or satillite. This object had none of their characteristics. I hope other individuals saw this event in this part of Louisiana because I never would have believed this as a young boy, but I definitely can attest to this sighting, as well as my fiancee, that it was perfectly and absolutely real. We are still discussing the event even after telling our dinner friend NOW, we are having a glass of wine. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the object may have been the ISS/Space Shuttle.  At this writing, we are unable to check www.heavens-above for the information, but will try again.  PD));31.7578;-93.0908
My friends and I witnessed 4 objects of orange light moving across the sky in formation for about 40 minutes. ((Advertising lights??));2006-01-18 03:00:00;40 minutes;My friends and I witnessed 4 objects of orange light moving across the sky in formation for about 40 minutes. I was standing in my yard smoking a cigarette with my friends when I happened to look up at the sky and notice a ball of an orangish light fly across the sky between two trees in my yard. The night sky was completely clear and no clouds were in the air so I could see the object of light quite clearly. The light moved too fast to be an airplane, produced no sound, was at a hight of about 200 feet or 300 feet, and seemed to have a small haze around it. At first it was on a southwest trajectory, but then changed immediately to a west north west trajectory. At first I thought I just was seeing things or got too much of a buzz off my cigarette. However, after talking with my friends for another 5 minutes I decided to look in the sky where I saw the object. After watching for about 45 seconds I witnessed 3 more lights move across the same area of the sky in a southeast trajectory in formation. Startled I let two of my friends know what I had seen. We decided to go to the backyard where there was less light and trees to see if we could all see the objects I witnessed. After being outside for about 2 minutes laying down on a blanket we witnessed four objects move from the west part of the sky to the eastern part only to disappear over the city of Natchitoches, Louisiana. All four lights were moving in formation in the same direction. For about another 30 minutes we watched the sky and only noticed the four objects of light once more above the city of Natchitoches before a thick layer of clouds began to move in. We do not know if it was only four objects that we witnessed in the sky or if it was a total of eleven objects of light that we witnessed in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that the possibility that the witness may have been observing advertising lights would have to be ruled out, before we could conclude that he was looking at genuine UFO's.  PD));31.7578;-93.0908
Traveling north on  interstate 49 in Louisiana between Nacogdoches Louisiana and Shreveport I witnessed to bluish green objects lights;2016-01-11 18:30:00;15-20 minutes;Traveling north on  interstate 49 in Louisiana between Nacogdoches, Louisiana, and Shreveport, I witnessed to bluish green objects lights  looked like big stars in the distance facing Northwest the object one object was circling the other object and they circled each other for about 10-15 minutes, then they separated one object went straight East under object went west kill couldn't see them anymore hope somebody else could tell me if they seen this, too.;31.7578;-93.0908
Orange/white light in the sky.;2020-01-28 18:35:00;5 minutes;Orange/white light in the sky. I was walking my dog when I look over toward Sibley Lake I saw a stationary orange light in the western sky.  It alternated between orange and white for about 5 minutes.  It was less than 1/2 mile away with no obstructions blocking my view.  After about 5 minutes it disappeared.;31.7578;-93.0908
