Giant black triangle hovers over me and my car while parked on Union Ridge in northern Franklin Co. Kentucky...;1996-11-23 02:15:00;8 minutes;Giant black triangle hovers over me and my car while parked on Union Ridge in northern Franklin Co. Kentucky... On the morning of November 23, 1996 I was driving alone and witnessed a large triangle type of UFO. The craft appeared to be a helicopter from a distance but as it got closer I began to realize that it was not a chopper at all. It was very large, at least 300 feet from corner to corner. It had three large lights on the bottom located in the corners of the triangle. Two white lights and one red. The red light was in the front of the craft as it led with that corner. The lights were bright and did not contain a hot spot. They were uniformly lit and I would estimate that they were at least 12 to 14 feet in diameter. As I said before the craft got closer, in fact it hovered above me for about 3 minutes. It was about 100 feet or so above me and was totaly silent. It was low enough that the light from under the craft was actually bouncing back off the ground and illuminating the underside of the craft. I was able to see that the craft had a flat black type of paint. Exactly what you would see on the F117 or the other stealth vehicles. I was able to notice a series of rectangular panels that were surrounded by rivets, they reminded me of a traditional aircraft like a large jet for instance. If you look at a large jet you will notice what I am refering to, they are covered with rectangular panels that are surrounded by rivets. The craft hovered above me and I was truly amazed by it. I did flash a peace sign with my gloved hand through the sun roof which was open. After about 3 minutes of hovering I began to think of the numerous abduction stories that I had heard about or seen on TV & how people would say that something approached them and then the next thing they remembered an hour or two had passed and they are on their way home. As this thought began to scare me I reached down to start my car and when I looked back up the craft was gone in an instant. I did not experience any lost time or witness anything that would lead me to believe that this was of alien origin. It has taken me many years to feel comfortable enough to share this publicly online as I know what I saw was real. I am also aware that very few witnesses have reported any kind of details relating to the panels with rivets that make up this craft. I have not seen it again since that night in November 96. I hope this story allows anyone else who has seen it to realize that they are not the only one out there who has had this thing come down on them and hover. ((initials deleted));38.2928;-84.684
