Two ufo's in my neighborhood traveling around houses;2006-04-01 01:00:00;4 minutes;Two ufo's in my neighborhood traveling around houses The origial video Dump from my digital camera is located in the video response area below the video. I was driving home, I made a turn onto my street to my apt and I saw this light reflecting on the street pole and the ground as I approached I stopped the car, I grabbed my camera. The UFO NEXT to the light pole hovering over the car I never saw in real life but I saw its LIGHTS and those you can see on the video. The one in the sky middle of screen flew across the street and went around the neighbors house and it was going their back yard. I got got this clip on film thru my cars back window sorry I was paniced I was getting scared after I parked my car. I was so freaked out, this thing at one point slows up and looked at me from behind the house, this is not the best quality and I didn't have a lot of memory left and I was really in shock, so I tried to get everything but there was a moment where it actually peeped around the corner of the neighbors house looking at me after I got out of my car, thats when I got scared, all things combined I started to panic so I went inside but this is what I caught on tape. For what it's worth. And no it wasn't a airplane, it was in my neighbors back yard and had lights like a airplane but different u can see the one hovering and lighting up the street light pole and ground, it was not visable but the lights ARE, these things were small and WIERD looking, almost like it was trying to be disguised like a airplane but it looked like a footbal or something with bright colorful lights. Too many colors for a airplane though, I was scared, but at first I thought I was seeing things. Please just watch the video. I want to say one thing, this thing gave me the CREEPS! Thats all I gotta say the creepers man, like it was going to get me if it found me. Part 1 of 3 Sorry it took me so long to redo this so everything appeared in proper sequence. The other motivator was people telling me it was a car, it was a helicopter ayda yada. This Original UFO footage of! the UFO that stalked me when I came home at 1am on april 07. I have put everything in exact sequence of events and with simliar other ufo footages for compairson.  Here is the link, the actual camera dump of the sighting is listed in the Video Responses below the video, it has a few seconds more of footage and no narration.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMbV_OiiTK8;42.9743;-87.8708999999999
