Huge 2+ Mile Perfect Triangle of Lights Over Lake Michigan Next to Mitchell Field in Milwaukee, WI 21 Nov 21.;2012-11-21 20:00:00;2 minutes;Huge 2+ Mile Perfect Triangle of Lights Over Lake Michigan Next to Mitchell Field in Milwaukee, WI 21 Nov 21. At about 2000 hrs, Wed evening 21 Nov 2012, I was going northbound on Pennsylvania/Nicholson, and when I pased Ramsey Ave in Cudahy.  This street is the main street next to Billy Mitchell Field Airport, on the east side of airport.  I looked eastward, over Lake Michigan, and I seen 4 bright lights, in a Triangle form.  There was 1 airplane in front, with it's lights blinking, and right on it's right wing, there was a huge triangle of 3 lights that was a perfect triangle and huge.  The airplane was on the runway path to land from Lake Michigan westbound.  It was about 5 miles out and the triangle was easily huge and I'd say 2+ miles apart from each corner light.  When I first seen it, I was going northbound and the lights were going on a north-east direction, and about 1 minute later, when I next seen it thru a field, the lights turned west bound into the landing runway east/west.  I slowed and passed the airport, and did not see the airplane with the blink! ing lights land, but as I looked at the triange of lights, it hovered, then lowered towards the water, and I lost sight of it.  I thought it was a line of planes waiting in line to land, but it was not, and the triangle just stayed the exact same.  As I turned west, I lost sight of it.  Please ask for the Mitchell Field airport radar reports for about 8pm that evening, and look directly east of the airport.  Then look directly east at the edge of Lake Michigan waters, and then look south east...  It seems it came in on a direction from the south east going to the north west, then went directly west, as the airplane was directly in line with the runway...  That is were the craft hovered, and lowered down towards the horizon and water, when I lost sight of it. This was huge and possible larger then 2 mile from point to point light.  I only seen the point of lights on the corners and did not see any lights or craft, but it was 100% solid as the triangle turned directions and decended...  Any aircraft, the lights would not have all turned as one huge piece...  I was in the USAF for more then 10 years, and honestly, never ever in my life seen anything so huge.  I seen the blimp, and even flew on a C10 to the Gulf and let me tell you, this wasn't anything that small.  Thank you.  I wish I would have had a camera, but my cheap phone can not take pictures...   No joke and this will stay with me forever...;42.9743;-87.8708999999999
