Bright light shines through clouds and reveals a very weird object.  ((anonymous reports));2016-07-17 08:00:00;1 minute;Bright light shines through clouds and reveals a very weird object While my father was driving me to fencing practice at my high school, we were at exit 34 on I-80 east when I looked out the window of the car at the totally overcast sky.  Suddenly I noticed a very bright, cool LED-esque light.  At first, I dismissed it as just being a landing light on an airplane, though I quickly ruled this out.  The object was silently hovering, unlike a plane or helicopter, and the sun was clearly visible in the east, while this object was right above the car, maybe a couple hundred or a thousand feet above the ground.  There are no towers or buildings near the sight, and the object was continuously illuminated, indicating that this was a lightbulb, not something burning or reflecting the sun.   Just as I was thinking of what it could be, a square-shaped gap opened in the clouds, showing that the object was much weirder than I had at first thought.  The original light was still there, surrounded by what looked like a moving cage of thin bl! ack bars, with no means of generating lift or propulsion.  As soon as I saw this object, it disappeared completely and the clouds completely closed up. P.S.--I self taught myself to recognize almost all civilian or military aircraft, including some I have never seen before, using a manual, and I still have no idea what I saw that day.  As the incident unfolded, I told my dad, an amateur astronomer, what was happening and he was also dumbfounded.  (He couldn’t look because he was driving.)  In addition, although this may be coincidental, during my lunch break at noon I heard a very low and fast flying helicopter fly from west to east over my school in Denville.  I quickly ran to the window to see it, but couldn’t as it flew right over the building. This is a completely factual report, and I am still curious about what I saw, but I wish to post anonymously. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.9241;-74.514
