Dark round large disk like shape with colored lights in the center,silent , just above tree tops.;1981-06-08 20:00:00;3 minutes;Dark round large disk like shape with colored lights in the center,silent , just above tree tops. I know it was in the 80’s I was young anywhere from 5 to 8 years old.  I was with my sisters and their friend. We just turned onto our road and my sister stopped the car and said, Look!  There was a round object with red, yellow, and I think other colors around the center of it.  It looked as big or bigger than a house.  It was barely above the tree tops. We slowly proceeded to the house and it seemed to go along with us.  We pulled into the driveway, got out of the car, and then watched it disappeared behind a hill behind our house.   There was no sound.  We never took our eyes off of it.  It did not spin. The lights seemed to blink in order. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.6418;-79.5399
Definate ufo sighting in vandergrift, pa;2011-04-15 19:30:00;30 sec.;Definate ufo sighting in vandergrift, pa It was just starting to get dark out.  Me and my friend were walking down an alley when i looked up and saw the ufo.  My friend and i watched the object creep toward us. It made no noise and had 5-7 lights on the side of the craft.  I tried to take a picture with my cell phone but my cell turned off by itself. The craft stopped, turned upward and disapeared.  It was like it went through a wormhole or something because one second it was there, the next second it was gone.   I am 28 yrs old and have been studying the sky since i was 16.  I know the diffrence between a plane, a satellite, meteors.  This object was the length of a 2 football fields and flying about the height of a helicopter does when it goes over a town.  I commend you for having a number to call when something like this occurs.  I am sick of skeptics paid by the government that only want to discredit sightings.  This is a very real thing and i hope we all get to hear the truth soon.  We are not alone and i! t is arrogant to think that mankind is the only intelligent life in the universe.   Thank you for your time.;40.6418;-79.5399
