triangular shape object with bright lights over drive-in theater field in Clearfield, PA.;2008-08-15 23:00:00;45 minutes;triangular shape object with bright lights over drive-in theater field in Clearfield, Pennsylvania 	On August 15, 2008 my fiancé and I were watching a double-feature at the local drive-in theater on route 322 near Clearfield, Pennsylvania.  Towards the end of the intermission we noticed a strange strobing light, but concluded it was simply our eyes appearing to make a star “twinkle”.  Once the second movie began the bright star caught each of our eyes several times.  With my peripheral vision, I witnessed this “star” moving slowly to the right and found this very odd because it did not appear to be a plane.  I commented to my fiancé about this and he dismissed my claims.  Shortly later we both realized that this object had moved much closer to us and was approaching at a high altitude to the right of our view.  We kept our eyes fixed on the object as it moved closer to us and eventually, right over our heads.  By this time we had gained a new perspective on this object.  What we could now see was that it had a triangular shape.  With a light in each of its three corners and two red lights on it’s back.  At the point of the object was a blinking white light.  The lighting in the sky at dusk and the position of our car made it so I could lie across the back seat and watch this object glide overhead.  I never let my vision falter as I watched the object continue across the sky and out of view.  About 20 minutes later this object returned from the direction that it came and continued from a slight left of our vehicle, to its original rightward position.  It was much higher this time and for a good period later hovered above the hills in the distance.  No sound except for a dull humming could be heard when this object passed overhead.  We were both genuinely stunned to witness such a thing.  There was also at least one other triangular craft with a similar light pattern in the distance.  We could not see the details of this one as closely, but it appeared to be of a similar build.  At one point an object passed much lower than the others and more in front of our view from the car.  We coul! d not se e the lights on this craft as easily, as it appeared to have a fog light effect.  What made this sighting interesting was the shape of this particular craft, very similar to that of a stingray. 	When we returned home we each drew a picture of what we had personally seen.  Our pictures have very similar details and when I got on the internet and searched for a place to report this, I read a few articles from the past few months and saw something about a wave of reports this summer in Pennsylvania.  I am not surprised Pennsylvania has been a hotbed of UFO sightings since the early 1960’s.;41.0217;-78.4418
