it was flying at 150 feet moving  slow and flew over our house it was round with moving diffent collored lights around the edge.;1971-05-20 16:00:00;10 seconds;it was flying at 150 feet moving  slow and flew over our house it was round with moving diffent collored lights around the edge. i was 11 at the time this happend and never reported it till now, we lived in  wooded area with tall pine trees all around our house, i was in the house looking out the window when i saw a round ship flying 150 feet, it was about 200 feet wide and made no sound, it was almost touching the trees,it had red,green,blue,white,lights moving around the edge of the ship but the rest of it was dark.it i saw it fly over the house and it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));34.1108;-81.1949999999998
Strange Hovering Object;2003-11-15 21:00:00;5 minutes;Strange Hovering Object Me and my friend T were driving from his house to my brothers house. On the way, T (riding in the passanger seat)noticed a bright light and it appeared to be dropping into the atmosphere. He said Oh my God, a bomb is dropping!. By the time I directed my attention to the object (only a split moment later), we were just coming to the top of a small hill, and at first, I thought it was a street light (it was the same color as a streetlight). I told T to stop pulling my leg, and then he said look! and the object was moving off to the right. As we continued down the road, we seemed to be gaining on the object. We continued forward into a Publix parking lot(It was relatively empty, because it had just closed). At that point, the object was hovering right over the treeline (however many feet up is impossible to tell), and, if I were to guess, I'd say it was close enough to see us. We were behind the grocery store looking at the object in amazement. We both stepped out of the car to get a better look, and the object seemed to be slowly getting closer. Me and my friend got a good look at the object: It was surrounded by a series of maybe 10 or 12 smaller lights (from what I remember, they were neon bluish), and in the middle of the circle there was a significantly bigger orangeish/red light. The object got closer and closer to us, untill there was no doubt in our minds that it wasn't hovering there by coincidence, it must have known we were almost right under it! After a few minutes of hovering, it took off in a blur. T and I were confused as to which direction it went in. Neither of us could agree as to which way it went, therefore, we had no clue as to which road to take to follow it. The craft made no noticeable noise.  There was a series of strange occurances that took place for a couple of weeks after the sighting, the first one being later that night/next morning:  I fell asleep at T's house that night. When I awoke (~5am) I jumped up in fright from the bean bag chair I fell asleep in, and quickly woke my friend. I didn't know why I was so worked up. I didn't recall any particularly scary dreams, in fact, I didn't recall any dreams at all.  A few days later, I awoke to my door slamming shut (~11am). There was nobody home at the time, nor had there been for hours.  While I was undressing to take a shower, I looked at my back in the mirror and there were 2 sets 3 horizontal red lines on the back of my shoulders. One set for each side. I attempted to feel them, but couldn't. They were as smooth as my skin. There were no scabs or anything. I thought they may have been stretch marks, but from my experience with stretch marks, I have always been able to feel their indentation. they were evenly spaced and about 4 inches long.  T's father awoke to a slamming door at around 3am a few days after that. He didn't tell me about it untill I mentioned that it happened to me first.  About 5 months later, me and T were playing videogames. We heard a very strange noise outside his window, and the only way I could describe it was that it sounded painfull and somewhat like a bird and a human scream combined, but not overly loud. We both paused for a few moments, commented on the strangeness of the sound, and continued playing games. I soon went home, but before leaving, Me and T investigated his backyard to see if we could find what made the noise. We found nothing, and I went home that night. The next day T said he had the same marks I had. His brother M said that he awoke to something scurrying around the room when his 1 year old was crying. M thought it was a ghost. I never saw T's marks, cause they healed in like 2 days, where mine took over a weak, so I never got to compare the marks. ((NUFORC Note:  Time and date are approximate.  PD));34.1108;-81.1949999999998
Chased UFO And Witnessed It Up Close And Personal;2004-11-15 21:30:00;10 minutes approx;Chased UFO And Witnessed It Up Close And Personal I saw this one awhile ago, but figured I would report it while I was here.  I'm not even sure if my date is that accurate, but I do recall it being around winter time...  My friend and I were on my way to my brother's house, when he noticed an orange ball drop into the atmosphere.  At the time he pointed it out, I thought it was a street light, because it appeared to be the same color as one, but soon noticed that it went from hovering to moving at an exceptionally fast speed to our left.  We followed the ball for a mile or so and saw that we were actually gaining on it until we ended up behind a grocery store.  It was very clear that we were much closer to the orange ball now.  It appeared about half dollar size from our viewpoint and was hovering over a patch of trees.  It moved closer to us (what seemed a very gradual speed) until it was right above my friend's parked car and much lower to the ground.  The thing seemed only a matter of feet above us, and had a bright orange light in the middle with blue-ish lights surrounding.  It hovered over us for some minutes, and made no sound at all.  It shortly took off with such a speed, that neither my friend nor I could recall which direction it left in.  There were a series of strange occurrences that my friend and I experienced throughout the next several weeks, but I don't know if it's relevant to our experience, as we were experiencing some paranoia.  I developed what seemed like scratches on the back of both of my shoulders (in semi-symmetrical lines of 4), but they seemed to be under my skin, as I could not feel them.  They lasted over a week and vanished.  My friend and I both awoke to doors slamming when we were home alone, with no explanation.  My friend also claimed to develope the scratches some weeks later, but I didn't get to see them before they went away. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));34.1108;-81.1949999999998
Multiple Star Like Objects Move Towards Same Direction After Meteor Shower;2005-10-22 05:15:00;1 hr 30 min;Multiple Star Like Objects Move Towards Same Direction After Meteor Shower After what appeared to be a meteor shower (7-8 maybe more meteors), my friend and I were staring at the sky and noticed what appearred to be a star slowly moving to our left.   After watching it for a minute, it appeared to vanish. some time later we noticed another one moving just as slow and vanishing after a minute or two.  We saw 3 more act the same exact way and move in the same direction as the others.  They looked exactly like stars, but were definitely moving, and appeared to be very high in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witness was observing celestial objects, and/or satellites.  PD));34.1108;-81.1949999999998
