Two orange lights moving in a vertical formation.;2016-01-01 18:40:00;Minutes;Two orange lights moving in a vertical formation Saw 2 small orange lights moving together at the same rate.  They were in a vertical orientation to each other but were too far apart to be part of the same craft.   They were moving much too slowly to be airplanes and seemed too accurate in their spacing and speed to be two helicopters.   I watched them as I drove then lost sight of them, turned around, and when I looked back they were there again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));34.1108;-81.1949999999998
Mulitiple flying circular crafts and bright lights, with white flashing lights seen by two teenage girls on 10/24;2019-10-24 23:00:00;1/3 hours;Mulitiple flying circular crafts and bright lights, with white flashing lights seen by two teenage girls on 10/24 Me and my friend, who lives two houses down from me, were sitting in my driveway, talking and being stupid teenagers. I looked up at the sky, and noticed some kind of circular craft. It had multiple blinking lights, and was traveling forwards. The lights were multiple colors, and seemed to be flashing in some kind of pattern. The craft stopped midair for a few minutes. My friend was trying to get her phone from my porch to take pictures, but the craft continued. We could clearly see the shape and lights. It seemed to have a trail of something following it. Then it went over my house, and we couldnt see it anymore. About half an hour later, we saw another one. This one only had white lights, and was in the same circular shape. We tried to take pictures, but any that we took just turned out black. It had other white lights following it. An hour later, my friend's dad arrived. I was sitting on the roof of my dad's car. My friend's dad called my friend to her house, and she went home. As I was waiting for her to return, I saw the white lights again. It was circling over my house. I heard my dog suddenly start barking and growling. The lights on the craft went brighter, and my dog suddenly was quiet. I heard my friend coming back, so I yelled for her to look. She had left her phone at her house. The craft quickly left, heading away from us. We were getting greaked out at this point, so we went and sat on my porch. Maybe around 15 minutes later, there was an extremely bright light over the culdesac. It was much brighter than the others. It was bigger, too. It stayed for a while, then moved upwards and away. Then there were four flashing lights circling the culdesac. We kept seeing flashes of white lights.  Then the first craft we saw came back.  It was there for a long time.  All the dogs in my neighboorhood were going crazy.  After it left, my friend got scared and ran home.  I went inside, and havent seen anything else since.;34.1108;-81.1949999999998
