Massive, low flying, slowly moving craft that emitted no sound.;1989-09-15 22:30:00;1 minute;Massive, low flying, slowly moving craft that emitted no sound. While travelling a back road through a wooded residential area, I observed a very large object in the sky that appeared to be just above the tree tops.  I slowed my car to a near stop.  My impression was that it was massive football field in size.  I could almost sense its mass before seeing it.  It moved extemely slow, there was no sound.  There were lights,but I can no longer remember if colored or white nor the configuration. The lights were not exrememly bright.  Its color was dark and shape unknown because of tree cover.  I could not clearly see its details, only a partial outline and impression of tremendous mass.  I was perplexed and frightened.  I was following a friends car. When we reached our destination, her first words to me, unprovoked,were Did you see that?  We were stunned.  I remain stunned to this day. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.2923;-73.9184
Flashing amber light flying very low over the Hudson River.;2010-01-22 23:20:00;30 seconds;Flashing amber light flying very low over the Hudson River. While traveling north through Peekskill, through the windshield of my Locomotive I witnessed an object flying from west to east over the Hudson River where Annsville Creek meets the Hudson.  It passed in front of me approximately one hundred feet above the ground.  It traveled at or about the speed of a fast moving single engine aircraft or helicopter.  It didn't have the normal formation lights you would see on an aircraft.  It had one amber light that flashed at a rate of about 5 times per second.   I was not able to determine a shape or size even though it did pass through my headlight beam at a distance of about 300 feet in front of me.  If I had to guess, I would say it was about the size of a beachball.   After passing in front of me, the object turned slightly south and at this point I was able to see it from behind while I was traveling around a bend in the railroad track.  The object continued to fly in the southeast direction towards the wooded hillside that! separates Annsville creek and Route 9.  I lost sight of it a few seconds later because my own train was now blocking my view.   I watched for a few more seconds over my train to see if this object would rise up to clear the hillside and go over Route 9 and that was the last I saw of this object.   About an hour later I was traveling southbound on my return trip and looked around for evidence of a crash only it was too dark to see anything on the hillside. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.2923;-73.9184
