huge orange lights fading away then reappearing again 15 mins later;2002-05-29 21:15:00;1 minute;huge orange lights fading away then reappearing again 15 mins later I live in rural north-central Indiana [near frankfort].  Last night, the 30th, I was talking and looking at the stars with my girlfriend.  All of a sudden something caught the corner of my eye.  I stood up and saw 2 bright orange lights that appeared to be very big being very still in the sky.  Three seconds later they fade out.  Another three secs and 3 lights appeared west of the first set.  Then fading again..  We ran inside to tell her parents.  We came out and looked for about 15 minutes, then the same light caught my eye.  We stood up seeing 3 orange light fade away.  Then 2 seconds later *four* huge orange lights appear in a vertical line then the middle fades out, then the rest go.  I was scared ((deleted)).;40.3044;-86.4689
Fading orange lights witnessed by a 19 y.o. & 48 y.o.  formations seen.;2003-03-11 21:15:00;20 minutes;Fading orange lights witnessed by a 19 y.o. & 48 y.o.  formations seen. I was driving home by myself, looking at the stars when I saw an orange glare to my right.  I turned to the right [north] to see it, just as the light faded into darkness.  It was right about this time I thought, This is the same thing I saw last summer! [My report is on here, 05/29/02] Just then I saw the a light appear in the western sky quite far from the original location.  When I told my family about these strange lights last summer, they just brushed it off like it was no big deal, so not beign far from home, I decided to call my mom and pick her up so she could see them.  Hurrying home I saw the lights a few more times.. I was paying more atteniton to the road though.  I got my mom and drove to 26.  We got out and waited.  In no less that 5 minutes we saw 2 lights appear in the northern sky about 40 degrees above the horizon.  We decided to drive up 26 a little farther and pull onto a country road.  There were 3 lights now, they felt very very close.  As we watched I was stunned to see them dissappear for a minute only to all reappear eventually as a triangle.  Another minute or so pass and my mom says, Look!  and they were in a perfectly straight horizontal line. [this summer I saw a vertical line]  This is about the time we decided we saw enough and left.  My mom felt obligated to call the cops when she got home, they ofcourse, had no idea what it was.  I do remember seeing & hearing a lot of other planes afterwards.. *especially* last night.;40.3044;-86.4689
Orange lights in the Indiana sky, 4 witnesses.;2003-05-16 20:30:00;20 minutes;Orange lights in the Indiana sky, 4 witnesses. This is the forth time I've seen these lights around my house.  Its been interesting.  Well, my friend and I were coming home from kokomo, driving west on 26.  I was looking out the window while listening to The Beatles when I saw those familiar orange lights.  There were four of them.  I told darren to pull off the side of the road so he could see.  Well we waited about 5-6 minutes and decided we weren't going to see it [just military jets in the sky, as usual].  We got back in the car and headed home.  I called my house and told my sis to go watch at the end of our road with her bf and she said alright.  It took us about 4 minutes to get to my road, 700 east, where we met my sis and her bf.  We asked them if we saw anything and they replied nope.  We told them that we were going to eat and then we'd be right back.  So we started down my road.. about 1-2 minutes later [we were driving quite slow, still looking]  I saw this big orange light to the right of me.  It was MUCH closer than any of the ones I've ever seen.  I had Darren stop and we jumped out. This light was just sitting there, military was circling the area.  My sister saw it too and drove down to where we were.  Just around then we see these little tiny orange lights break apart for the the bigger one.  A ton of these lights spilt off.. then they all faded away.  I asked if everyone had saw this, and pretty much the same thing coming out of all their mouths was, Wow.  We were all kinda stunned.. it was like watching a movie.  We looked for another minute before deciding we better eat so we can come back out.  We were home eating and you could just hear all the jets in the area.  It was apparent they were either chasing the object or it was one of theirs [though I do not see how it could've been a manned object].  We got back out at 9:30 and it was pretty quiet.  As we were driving around the country roads we passed two slowly moving vehicles [possibly other people who saw the same thing?].  Nothing was seen for the rest of ! the night.  [Edited for spelling errors, resend by poster.];40.3044;-86.4689
