A 'Star' chases a UFO.;1999-06-15 22:00:00;approx 15 minutes;A 'Star' chases a UFO. I was going home one night after dinner.  I looked out the window and looked at the stars.  I saw what I assumed to be an airplane, but it looked funny.   I got home and went out to the backyard with my binoculars.  It was to dark to use them though.  I looked up and saw the 'craft'.  It was oval shaped, and had silvery, metallic look to it.  It had flashing lights too.  Green, blue, red, purple.  After these colors flashed, a bright withish light would flash.  It wasn't moving very quickly.  Suddenly, one of the stars moved!  It wasn't a star at all.  It was another 'craft'.  It did loops and moved quickly.  Then it began chasing the first craft.  The oval craft sped up and ran away.  The 'star' followed it.  The oval craft suddenly disppeared.  The 'star' stopped and did some more loops, then seemed to fade away.  That is all. ((NUFORC Note:  Source is anonymous, date is unspecified.  We have assigned an arbitrary date in 1999.  PD));34.9122345;-120.4316645
Dark oval like shape moving both fast and slow at night.;2005-10-16 19:46:00;1 minute;Dark oval like shape moving both fast and slow at night. I saw something extraordinary tonight, Sunday, October 16, 2005, in Santa Maria, California, and I want to report it.  First, let me say a few things about myself:  I know something about aircraft.  I am an aviation enthusiast, and I am always observing things in the air.  Professionally, I am a ((deleted--media person, involved with cameras and production)).  One of the subjects I ((deleted--interested in))  is aircraft and air-shows.  In the past few months I have shot F-18’s flying at extreme rates of speed, Harriers going more up than out, high level bombers cruising at altitude, and, of course, the slower and more conventional vintage war birds.  I do this work as an officially ((specialty deleted)), not just an enthusiast.  I am not an aviation know-it-all, but I have carefully observed most known aircraft, including rockets and space shuttles.  What I saw tonight doesn’t fit into any known aircraft category in any way.  I stepped out into my back yard after 7:25.  I wandered toward the west and I saw something streaking from south to north.  It was not lit up like an aircraft should be, and it was moving faster than anything I‘ve ever seen.  It wasn’t too far away, but that was hard to judge (maybe a few blocks?).  It was moving so incredibly fast that I might have thought it was an aberration in my eyes, but then I saw it slow down and head more easterly.   Every hair on my body stood up perpendicular to my body.  It wasn’t static electricity, it was the chills.  I was terrified at that moment.  I ran under the big tree to hide from it.  I stayed there for about 10 seconds, but I couldn’t stand it.  I went northerly to get out from under the tree, and there it was--almost due north of me!  It was traveling east-south-easterly at a more normal rate of speed, like a small Cessna would.   There were absolutely no lights visible, inside or outside.  I couldn’t see any windows or markings of any kind.  It was relatively hard to see, and even if I’d have had my TV camera with me, it probably would have been impossible to shoot, because it was only visible due to the bright moon that was rising to my right.  At that time it appeared almost like a cloud, sort of in the shape of an oval from my perspective.  It seemed to be gray in color. I thought the oval-like shape was weird, because when I had first noticed it (when it was moving very fast) it seemed more angular, almost like a long rectangle.   Then it paused when it was NNE of me at about 100-300 feet off the ground.  It seemed to stay there for about 10 seconds, then as it was getting larger, I thought it was coming toward me, and I got more scared and ran toward my back door (to the south).  Then I watched it from there for what seemed like 15 seconds.   I noticed the dog two doors down was barking, and that was all I could hear.  He is usually a very quiet dog.   Then the object got smaller, or farther away.  Then it just seemed to get a little smaller still, and then it was gone.  It may have gone north or east, but I can’t be sure, because it disappeared very quickly.    I looked all around for a few minutes, but it was gone!  I don’t know how close it came to me, but it is possible that it came as close as a block away.  If it was a block away, then it must have been about 30-40 feet long.  I went inside to document the time, and it was after 7:50, so it must have happened about 7:46, and it only lasted what seemed to be a minute or less, but maybe it was longer, because I was outside for up to 25 minutes.   It was very surreal to me, and I can’t be sure about that.  What I am sure about is that the experience was exceptionally unusual. In summary, when it wasn’t moving so fast, it looked sort of like a small cloud on a moonlit night.  However, it definitely went easterly.  I noticed a short time later that there were a few clouds in the north heading westerly.  I verified this less than two hours later on the Weather Channel when I was trying to figure out what had happened.  The clouds are definitely going toward the ocean tonight!  There were no clouds in that direction at that time.   Had I not seen it moving so extremely, I would have thought it was just a cloud.  I don’t know what it was, and, unfortunately, I was alone, so I don’t have a witness or a second opinion of any kind that I’m aware of. ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this witness via telephone on three occasions, and we deem him to be an exceptionally capable, and reliable, witness.  We do not know what it was he witnessed.  PD));34.9122345;-120.4316645
It was oval and grey white with no lights traveling really fast and really low with no sound.;2007-09-08 10:00:00;10-15 seconds;It was oval and grey white with no lights traveling really fast and really low with no sound. We saw a slender oval shaped object moving at a high rate of speed over farmland then into city area and then lost visual sight of the object. This time line is only 10 to 15 seconds.  The color of  the object was a white grey.  I live in a small city of  Guadalupe which is 7miles west of  Santa Maria, CA.  Between these two cities is seven miles of farmland, very flat farmland. We were traveling east on highway 166 from Guadalupe when we saw this thing around 10am.  I was driving , my wife sitting shotgun and my three kids in the middle seat of our Suburban.  The morning was solid overcast, but very well lit.  The object was only approximately 50 ft. long.  It was flying very low only about 200 to 300 feet off the ground that is why we all noticed it.  As soon as I noticed it I immediately rolled down my window to see if I could hear it flying.  Guadalupe is only 17 miles from Vandenberg  Air Force Base, and Santa Maria has an airshow with fighter jets and they do travel fast and low.  When at the air shows those jets, traveling away from you low, make a tremendous amount of noise at high speed.  That is why when I saw the object I tried to listen to hear the noise, the kids think it’s cool.  While waiting to here some noise I notice that there wasn’t any distinct lines or features on this thing and then  it is gone over the city.   The object traveled into over the city of Santa Maria. We have a telescope, my kids and I look at stars, planets and meteor showers.  I hunt, fish and often record the rocket launches over the hill at VAFB.  I see the airshows and this did not look like any plane.   This incident happened on 9-8-2007.   The reason I haven’t  reported it until today  1-23-2008 is I just learned there was a place in which to report events like mine.  I remember the date and time because my son lost his soccer game socks and we were going to buy a new pair so he could play.  Not telling anyone of this incident really bugged me. Meaning people like you, so others could see if th! ey were not the only ones too.  I know in my case you don’t want to say anything in fear of being ridiculed.  Even though there were five of us who saw it.;34.9122345;-120.4316645
UFO sighting Santa Maria, CA;2010-02-08 19:15:00;20 minutes;UFO sighting Santa Maria, CA Today around 7:15 PM there was a UFO hovering over Santa Maria, CA.  It was low enough to describe the flying craft.  My girlfriend had a great view and she describes a metal object with green lights on the upper part of the craft.  She also mentioned red lights underneath the craft. The craft had an oval shape.  There were many planes around that time so I must believe that those airplanes had the object at least on their radar.  My girlfriend mentioned it to some people and at least ten witnessed it and took pictures with their cellular phones.  I called my brother also and he took a picture of it, which I possess.  At the time he took the picture the object was further away and it doesn’t show any shape in the picture but he did capture the color red light of the craft.  It looks like a street light in the picture.;34.9122345;-120.4316645
GLOWING GREEN PULSATING ROUND OBJECT IN SKY TONIGHT.;2016-01-21 19:00:00;7 minutes;GLOWING GREEN PULSATING ROUND OBJECT IN SKY TONIGHT. At about 6:51 PM tonight I stopped to get a pizza on E.Main St at little ((deleted--a restaurant)) in Santa Maria, Calif..  As I walked to the building, I saw this bright green glowing object in the sky to the east from where I was standing.  I didn't have my camera with me or my phone.   I went in to get my pizzas, and when I came out, the object was pulsating still glowing fluorescent green it was so bright it was eye catching.   I continued to watch it moving to the left and then to the right sideways.  Two other women in the parking lot were watching it too.  One said out loud, Can you see that?  I said yes I see that.   Another girl was standing watching and she said look at the color.  I said ya that is a UFO.  As we all continued watching it, suddenly it stopped moving it was still and it dropped straight down so fast and it was gone.  I think it might have landed somewhere off of highway 166.  I didn't chase it but was lucky enough to view it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.9122345;-120.4316645
