Triangular shaped object, motionlessly hovering in sky over ocean, with blue neon rings on either end and spotlight in center.;2003-04-13 23:30:00;2 minutes;Triangular shaped object, motionlessly hovering in sky over ocean, with blue neon rings on either end and spotlight in center. At sometime around 11:30 PM on April 13, 2003, my husband I were travelling south on Interstate 101 in California.  We both saw what we thought was the moon shining through clouds directly ahead of us.  However, as we approached the light (which we mistakenly thought was approaching us) we thought it must be a helicopter with a large search beam coming from the front.  However, as we passed this flying object, it was obviously not a helicopter.  It was hanging perfectly motionless to the west of us over the ocean.  It was triangle shaped, had blue neon colored rings on either end and, according to my husband, the light strobed.  (This, I didn't see.)  It was clearly not a type of craft ever seen by either of us before.;34.9122345;-120.4316645
Triangle Object over Pismo Beach, California;2003-07-01 23:46:00;15 minutes;Triangle Object over Pismo Beach, California Me and my boyfriend at the time, now he is my fiance, decided to go hang out at Pismo Beach with our good friend.  (It was a very clear night, not tipical of California Central Coast weather)  We walked down to the sand and met up with a young man who calls himslef a Pismo Beach Local, he was homeless and had a dog with him.  We all sat in a cirlce indian style and talked about life, existence, God ect...We then brought up UFO's and aliens and were talking about them as I often did with my fiance.  Then my fiance lifted his head up and looked in the sky and said aloud, That would be awsome if we saw a UFO RIGHT NOW,  Oh my God you guys look!  Then I looked up and saw one cloud of marine layer over my right sholder and out of the midst came a traingular object with a bright white light on the front corner. The object appeared right over head, about the height of a two story house roof top, the object then lowered itself like a triangle shelf coming out of the sky, heading north, and was completeley visible overhead.  The object was a triangle shape with white type lights on the corner edges of the triangle and some kind of movement or activity in the middle but I can not remember what exactly?  None of us could remember in detail, to this very date, what was in the very middle of the object...but we(me, my fiance, and our friend) have agreed that there was some sort of activity going on in the middle, and I can not elaborate futher upon that.  I felt an awsome aura come over ME in an instant and stood up with my arms in the air and I felt: That it was beutifull and From The Almighty! which came out of my mouth aloud.  There was absolutely no sounds except for the surf of the beach.  The object then lifted up just the same way it lowered itself pointing North, heading North.  The were no other clouds or obstructions in the clear sky and the triangle still seemed to enfold in some kind of unseen slot in the open sky.  We all saw the UFO and were so accepting it was like we had been expe! cting it The homeless man was surprised that my fiance knew it was comeing and was confused as to why we were so happy.  I told the homeless man that I knew it was Gods Millennial Cherubim from my childhood knowledge and we are suppose to be accepting.  We must recognize Him in all shapes and forms.  This experience had given ME knowledge of some sort.  I would not know how to describe to someone that was not there what happened for me mentally.  But I can Faithfully say that I SAW God's Creation from beyond the Earth. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));34.9122345;-120.4316645
3 objects flying over Santa Maria, Ca;2008-09-29 22:00:00;30 min;3 objects flying over Santa Maria, Ca 3 objects flying around the sky and at times just still. As if they were scanning a particular area. All 3 had bright red lights and were triangular shaped. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.9122345;-120.4316645
Silent black triangle with landing gear no lights;2017-04-14 22:20:00;8 seconds;silent black triangle with landing gear no lights At approx. 10:20 PM Good Friday, April 14, 2017 Middle Aged Female walking dog alone No Alcohol/Drug use/History Walking on street across from parks/schools towards Highway 101 in Central Coast of California, Santa Maria, relatively dark two street lights ½ mile distance to highway  Walking on sidewalk on tree lined side of street, felt raindrop Looked up and noticed clear starry sky, then looked down  Then looked up noticing in peripheral left side vision something white/flash/moving  Noticed 6-7 “suction cup” white/translucent circles in a pyramid shape on the underside of  A wholly black triangular UFO  No lights emitting anywhere on the vehicle top/bottom or sides or out of the white /translucent “suction cups” that appeared to be “landing gear” their “whiteness” was how I could see the outline of the triangle around the circles  It was completely quiet, no “hum” or whir at all and it was a very quiet area with no cars moving, i.e. so that if it WAS emitting sound, I would be able to hear (trained musician)  It was NOT that high up in the sky!  It appeared to be on a perfect keel trajectory South east to North west as if it was observing the ground below!  It was not near a horizon and did not appear to be a “large” ship at all, but a small moveabout  I held my sight on the thing moving straight ahead above from me out a quarter mile from me and then straight up in the sky, prob a third of a mile up, if that, held my sight on it for 5 to 8 solid seconds ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and she sounded to us to be quite serious-minded.  We suspect she is an excellent witness.  PD));34.9122345;-120.4316645
