Intelligent white light floating above us.  Took off when it knew we seen it.;2002-08-21 22:30:00;1 minute;Intelligent white light floating above us.  Took off when it knew we seen it. Last summer my younger brother (age 18) and I age (34) were outside my trailer house shooting off fireworks into a soybean field and then playing around with a spotlight shining it in the fields looking for coyotes, when I happened to look up as something caught my attention.  The night was clear, dark and warm with a slight breeze and a lot of stars.  There was no moon.  Directly overhead of me (At a high altitude, or so it seemed.) was a bright white light, with a haze around it, about the size of a 50 cent piece held at arms length away.  At first I thought it was the moon because it was bright, shining down on us.  I told my brother to look up which he did and said What is that?  Exactly when my brother looked up the light shrank to the size of a pea held at arms length away.  It seemed like it knew we had seen it.  What creeped me out the most was that I wondered how long it was above us shining down on us before I (we) noticed it.  The light sat still for about 5 seconds then moved South of us at a slow speed, and then blinked off.  I am familiar with aircraft and satellites and stars and planets and I'm 99.9% sure it wasn't any these objects.  I would compare the sighting to a helicopter shining a dim spotlight on us from a great distance above.  But the light emitted no noise and was totally silent.  The light seemed to know we had seen it and took off! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));45.666;-97.0691
light over south dakota;2015-01-11 22:00:00;5 minutes;light over south dakota Very bright red light.. so bright you couldn't tell if it was just one.  Not a plane.. silent.;45.666;-97.0691
Line of 30 lights in a line.  ((NUFORC Note:  Satellites.  PD));2019-05-25 23:26:00;15 seconds;Line of 30 lights in a line On the above date and time I was outside burning trash.  I got inside my car and started it to warm up as it was cold outside.  I live in the country about 4 miles from town. I stepped outside my car to smoke.  I looked up and noticed at least 30 lights about the brightness of a a satellite all moving in a straight line heading in a northeast direction, more east than north.  Each light was single equal distance apart from each other about 6 inches long at arms length moving single file in a straight line.  I thought I was looking at something burning up in our atmosphere but each light was a single point of light with no trail behind it.  Then each light got bright like an iridium flare then went back to normal. Each light was a single point of light.  They each got bright for a few seconds dimmed and kept moving in a straight line.  After observing for about 15 seconds they all went dim with the last light lighting up bright like an iridium flare and all of them going dark.  My neighbors cows all started mooing loudly during this event.  Night sky was clear, cold, no wind. ((NUFORC Note:  Satellites.  PD));45.666;-97.0691
