Bright object seemed to move at an amazing speed toward the area I was standing and paused for a moment, then flew away.;2003-11-25 18:50:00;5 seconds;Bright object seemed to move at an amazing speed toward the area I was standing and paused for a moment, then flew away. I'm a little uncomfortable writing this.  I like the idea of aliens and all that, but I tend to be skeptical about the whole thing.  I got out of my car and headed toward my apartment door.  I was looking at the sky, a habit of mine, looking at stars and looking for comets.  At first I noticed nothing at all, then I must've blinked or looked away for a moment, but all of a sudden a star seemed to be particularly bright--and large.  If all the stars around it looked like periods on a paper, this one looked like the lower-case letter o beside a regular period. (o.)  I didn't know what in the world it was, but then it began to get very large, as if coming closer to me.  It got to the size that I don't think I could've blotted it out with a nickel if I held it out at arms length.  I don't know how to describe the appearance other than a ball of light.  I didn't notice anything that seemed at all metallic or fire-like.  Just a big ball of extremely bright light, I can't emphasize how bright this was.  It was at this large size for only about two seconds it seemed, and I pushed the door open to call for my wife to come see.  Right as I pushed the door, it began to get a little smaller--and then the speed at which the size decreased became incredibly fast.  At last I found myself looking at a small dot, and eventually it vanished.  There was no sound at all that I could hear coming from it.  It did seem as if, if possible, the ojbect's brightness pulsed once it paused after moving toward my area.  That is, once it flew toward me and paused, there were two very quick pulses of extra brightness and then it flew away.  The thing is, it was so bright before the two short pulses, it's hard to imagine that it could've gotten any brighter.  I have no idea what this was.  It could've been some rare terrestrial phenomena, I don't know.  The only thing I can say is that it was not a plane, jet, helicopter, or balloon.  It wasn't something that we see flying around in the sky.  I don't know what the thing was.  I'd like to know if anyone else around here saw it.  Maybe the light of a burst star reached our planet, whatever it was I'm dying to know.  Speculating is only driving me crazy.  Area of occurance: I live in a small apartment complexe.  As far as I know, I was the only person standing outside.  However, there must've been people all around this area who saw it.  Surely I wasn't the only one standing outside looking at the sky.  There's a busy road not far from where I live, all one would have to have done to see it from a moving car going east is to look out the right side of the car.  Someone else must've seen this thing.;38.375;-81.8313
