UFO Sighting - Black Triangle. Close Up View Of Object. West Virginia 2002;2002-12-08 20:30:00;5 Min;UFO Sighting - Black Triangle. Close Up View Of Object. West Virginia 2002 Subject: UFO Sighting  Location - Hurricane, West Virginia -  Date: 12/08/02 -  Time: 8:30 PM -  Zip Code: 25526  Witnesses: 1 -  Object's Shape: Triangle/Diamond  Number of Objects: 1 Object had lights. Object hovered. There was interference associated with the object. There was a: Cellular phone transmitter nearby. Witness: 44 Years Old, Computer Programmer/Systems Analyst  Event Description: Sunday, December 8th, 2002 8:30 PM. I was out walking my dogs. There was no moon out so it was very dark.  Something caught the corner of my eye and made me look up. I saw four very bright, large, round, white lights strobe-ing very rapidly forward. Then they would reverse and go backward. The strobe effect was very rapid.  To my amazement, a huge black “triangle” floated just over the tops of my trees. Then it stopped and began to hover near me.  To me it seemed like once it had my attention that it turned off the strobe lights and  just hovered there.  I suddenly realized that the object was not making any sound, not a peep. Aircraft fly over all the time, I can always hear the engine clearly, the private planes above the clouds let alone the jets. And this was absolutely silent.  Then small white lights on the top, bottom, front, back and sides started to do a little dance. All of the smaller lights began to play a pattern. First the two top lights would blink twice, and then the two lights at the front of the craft would blink twice,  then the two top ones again, and then the two back ones, etc.  It went through the pattern until it had blinked every sequence it could with the number of lights that I could see.  The object appeared to be dark except the lights, black in color.  It was darker black than the night sky.  The object was very large and solid, I couldn’t see stars through the object. I estimate the length to be between 60ft to 100ft long judging by the trees and houses and other landmarks in the area.  I couldn’t tell how wide the object was because I was looking at it from the side and slightly below.  Suddenly, four much larger diamond shaped red lights appeared at the rear of the object, themselves arranged in a diamond pattern. I could see them because the object slowly started to pivot towards me.   The diamonds had a “grid” inside them that reminded me of a honeycomb. I knew then that I was seeing something totally unknown. They just stayed on for a moment, and then went out. They were so bright that you could see that the object had a kind of triangular or diamond shaped tail end. Or maybe like two inverted pyramids with a notch on the top and the bottom. And this “tail section” was large enough to house these large red diamonds.  Finally the object flashed the lights in a kind of “grand finale” with the small white and big red diamond lights flashing a pattern together using all the lights.  I just stared motionless, even my dogs were standing perfectly still in the snow.  Then the object started to move away, flying very slowly. Just gliding along, in no hurry at all.  It didn’t look like it was worried about radar, fighter interceptors or anything else. Although it was probably flying too low to register on radar.  It started to turn in a slow bank at about 45 degrees towards a nearby cellular phone tower.  Right then as it flew near the neighbor’s house across the street, his truck's alarm went off. It continued to honk until he finally had to come outside to stop it.   I wanted to shout to him to come look at this thing, but it was already getting further away.  My neighbors don’t live close by and he couldn’t see it from his point of view.  I also thought about running inside and trying to get my camera, but I just couldn't take my eyes off of it.  As it moved further from me, the patterns got simpler and the red diamond lights came on less often.   I was very relieved that it was moving off, away from where I was standing. While it was right above me the lights were flashing nonstop.  It moved close to the cellular tower which also has lights on it, to let aircraft know it is there. But it only has two beacons, slowly blinking white lights like you see on any tower.  The object blinked its white lights at the tower and the lights on the tower began to blink rapidly as well.  It seemed to linger in the area of the tower for a short time and then starting moving steadily away.  I stared at it as it moved slowly further away. Finally, after about 5 minutes and it getting cold I wanted to go inside. When I turned my back around again the object was gone. I thought that was strange too, because I thought I should have been able to at least see a little dot but nothing.  I have no idea what it was. But I do know that I know a lot about airplanes and have seen them fly over at night many times.   Their collision beacons blink very slowly and they have a small red light on the tail that stays on at night. This was *nothing* like that. It was as if these lights had a program written, to get them to create a little light show. I don't know why any aircraft would have something like that.  I wouldn't have believed if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes.  It sure was unusual I've never seen anything like it in my life. I'm not too sure if I want to again either.;38.4203;-81.9947000000001
Large triangle red lights seen by many;2012-09-05 21:00:00;6 minutes;large triangle red lights seen by many traveling thru hurricane at intersection,the stop light was green but no cars were moving traffic was fairly heavy.everyone started getting out of cars pointing ,t aking phoyos with cell phones.i looked up and there was a triangle shape with 3 dull od colored red lights.it hovered with no sound except for a slight wooshing ,very faint.the bottom erected a white beam for about 2 seconds then it completely dissapeared.it was above and a little behind a walgreens store at the main intersection ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.4203;-81.9947000000001
