Huge disc hovers over Valley, then takes off vertically.;2013-06-15 14:00:00;15 minutes;Huge disc hovers over Valley, then takes off vertically. It was late afternoon & I was driving north on the Taconic State Parkway, headed along the ridge just south of Peekskill Hollow road, my intended exit.  Looking ahead through the trees a large bright light hung.  My brain kept trying to register it as a large street lamp, but that didn’t make sense given its position in the middle of the valley.  So I thought I was getting glimpses of a plane’s headlights. There is a point where the road heads down hill into the valley (before disappearing back into the hills on the other side) & the trees get sparse.  Then the exit for Peekskill Hollow road off to the right at the base of the hill a wide left-banking loop around a large open space of gravel.  It’s an extremely sharp right-hand exit, so my attention was on that despite the large object in the sky above the exit. As soon as I pulled off the exit I had to stop to stare up into the sky.  I stuck my head out the window as far as I could to look up.  A HUGE disc shaped object hung in the sky above the valley. HUGE.  So huge I could not tell if it was twenty feet off the ground or 100 feet.  But it almost entirely blocked my vision of the sky from where I sat!  There was a center circular...difference...an opening, different metal, I’m not sure.  I stared at it for a few moments as I tried to take it all in.  Then in an absolute split second it rose vertically & disappeared.  Not silent exactly but not loud at all, like a soft smooth whirrrrrrrr. I drove home, less than a mile away.  No one was home. I sat in the living room going through every single thing I’d done that day to see if there were any time gaps, “was I dreaming?”  “Did I fall asleep & this is a crazy detailed dream?”  I hadn’t lost any time.  I hadn’t fallen asleep.  It was real.  I’ve never forgotten! ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.3728;-73.8502
