In Conclusion, the 3 objects were seen by several people in my neighborhood, only to remain unidentified by local authorities.;2002-07-19 18:00:00;20 Minutes;In Conclusion, the 3 objects were seen by several people in my neighborhood, only to remain unidentified by local authorities. 1st Sighting - On Sunday July 19th, as my family & I approached the front of our property, an (Shiny Cylindrical) Object appeared in the high afternoon sky, moving very rapidly from the Southern Horizon till it reached 12 O'clock Noon. At this point, coincidentally, a Passenger jet was also entering south Florida Airspace from the South East, high enough to create a vapor trail. At this time, the Unidentified Object appeared to be standing still, directly in the path where the jetliner would soon pass. As the jetliner approached the object, suddenly, the object maneuvered its way down from the path of the jetliner, which from my Viewing Vantage point, avoided the collision. After the jet passed the high noon position, the object returned directly on the path of the jet where the vapor trail was left, & hovered there until it began to ascend until it disappeared from eyesight.  2nd Sighting - At this point, about 2 minutes after the 1st sighting, another similar object appeared from the very same position & angle in the south, & began the same trajectory of flight towards the high noon sky, while the sun's light revealed a colorful spectrum of light flash, as the object hurdled across the horizon. Unlike the 1st object, this object did not appear to stop moving, as it also disappeared in the high noon sky. At this point, I placed a call to my local authorities.  3rd Sighting - A third object began an identical trajectory across the South Horizon. By this time, I grabbed my Camcorder, & began filming its unusual flight patterns. When my local authorities arrived at my home, the provided the officer with a copy of my videotape. The officer told me that she was going to confirm the sightings, with local FAA Authorities. Strangely enough, about an hour later, the officer decided to return to my house in person to confirm that local FAA Authorities DID NOT report any Unidentified Flying Objects over South Florida airspace.;26.0153444444444;-80.3259527777778
