Red light disappeared behind a cloud then a dark gray round disc descended from cloud hovered above me and flew W.;2011-03-28 00:05:00;1 minute;Red light disappeared behind a cloud then a dark gray round disc descended from cloud hovered above me and flew West toward Everglades Profession: 10 year veteran Fraud Investigator and Compliance Officer formerly with the State of Florida, former member of the International Association of Special Investigation Units and the Florida Auto Theft Investigations Unit. Experience: Specialized in conducting EUO’s (examinations under oath), conducting auto theft investigations, fire loss investigations, wrongful death investigations, medical provider fraud, clinic inspections, pharmacy investigations and medical practitioner criminal and compliance investigations. March 28, 2011 On Monday, March 28, 2011, at approximately 12:05am, while traveling on my motorcycle to check up on my mother who resides at 1351 SW 125 Avenue in Century Village of Pembroke Pines, Florida,  the following event started immediately following my arrival just passed the guard gate which faces South on Pembroke Road. As I approached the building where my mother resides I noticed two very bright, large dark red lights almost burgundy in color that were pulsating in the cloudy sky.  At first glance, the size, brightness, shade of red and distance when I first observed the lights compelled me to stop and observe.  In the sky foreground I observed a couple of small planes and a couple of larger possibly commercial aircraft which were easily recognizable because of the shape, wings and green and red colored lights that all aircraft display. In what I determine to be about a ten second interval, I observed the dark red lights separate and I focused my attention on the dark red light! flying toward my direction and I quickly stopped my motorcycle and got off in order to have a better view standing up.  Within a few seconds I noticed that the light went behind a cloud stopped illuminating red and suddenly out of the cloud I observed a dark grayish looking object in the shape of an octagon which quickly peeked through this white cloud.  I then observed that the octagon was not the shape of the object but rather part of the surface features that it exhibited and I watched as this object emerge completely through the cloud and display the shape of a perfect circle with incredible detail at the bottom of this disk. There was a small, broad rimmed circle in the center of the bottom and wedge shaped lines that extended from the center of the smaller rimmed circle towards the outer edges like an evenly divided “pie chart”. To determine the size I could best describe it as being the size of the full Moon or approximately one inch in width at arm length.  Here I ! am standing in shock, looking in disbelief at this incredible ! object t hinking to myself, Is this really happening, is this a real UFO? And instantly I observe it moving smoothly but fast, westward towards the Everglades. Then suddenly it occurs to me to quickly grab my cell phone and photograph it, video record it QUICKLY, and I start to fumble with the cell phone, and I hit video and point it towards the disk but looking through the monitor I don’t see anything, so here I am trying to reset the phone for a still photo and nervously I hit the video record button again and I cancel it and on the third try I manage to reset it to take a still and I do so, then I remember that the camera lens has a zoom function and my second still shot was taken with the zoom maxed out. By the time the second photo was taken I see the UFO traveling out of my line of sight over some nearby trees and I quickly jumped on my bike and started racing after it with hopes that I could situate myself possibly ahead of it or at least near it to take some more still photos! . I observed the UFO flying away quickly so I raced as fast as I could towards US-27/Okeechobee Road trying to get ahead of it but I lost sight of it while maneuvering around traffic on Pines Boulevard so I quickly raced towards State Road I-75 towards Naples, Florida because that was the direction of travel that the UFO appeared to have been heading when my motorcycle motor started to abnormally misfire.  I eventually made it to the toll booth but after looking up at the sky and scanning all around and not seeing anything unusual like strange lights I decided to turn around and head home. Had the motor performed as usual, I would have definitely raced across Alligator Alley all the way to Naples hoping to cross paths with the UFO.  Strangely enough as soon as I started heading back on the bike towards Fort Lauderdale the bike stopped misfiring.  As soon as I arrived home I grabbed a pen and paper and drew what I had seen then documented the time and location of my sighting! .  Next I got on the internet and searched for photos of UFO’s! and nea rly fell out of my chair when I observed a couple of photos that looked identical to the UFO that I observed.   The photo that most resembled the UFO that I encountered is a photo posted by someone named Alex Nolan.  I attempted to contact Alex Nolan and have e-mailed him with my telephone number so I can inquire on where he obtained the photo in question.  Immediately following my arrival home I attempted to contact Perry Airport in Miramar, Fl. and Fort Lauderdale International Airport and left messages for their staff to contact me. I contacted Channel 7 WSVN TV to inquire if anyone reported any strange aerial phenomena but was advised that no reports had been filed. I have waited for thirty four (34) years to experience something like this and it was over in just a matter of a minute, but what I observed was the most astonishing, incredible, mind boggling experience that I have ever experienced.  I have watched documentaries, movies, seen countless photographs and read many stories but nothing could have prepared me for what I saw, a REAL UFO that displayed so much detail and it was flying directly over my head.  At first I could not believe what was actually happening right in front of my eyes. It was so surreal that I was in shock and at the same time mesmerized that I almost forgot to take photos. I ended up fumbling with my cell phone but did manage to get two pictures, one of which you could definitely see the dark grey color and circular shape of the UFO. What I experienced earlier today was indisputably the most fantastic, amazing and mind blowing experience I ever had.  I use to be one of the many who thought, agreed and believe! d that there is no way that we (the human race) cannot possibly be alone.  I consider myself changed for life, for I no longer entertain the thought or agree and believe,  I KNOW WE ARE NOT ALONE, I WITNESSED IT WITH MY OWN TWO EYES. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone, and we found the witness to be both sober-minded, and credible.  His line of work strongly suggests to us that the witness is an exceptionally skilled witness, and quite reliable.  PD));26.0153444444444;-80.3259527777778
