Farmer saw an object above Montour Ridge at the powerlines,on top of the mountain, it was round and very still over the lines.;2002-08-04 05:30:00;?;Farmer saw an object above Montour Ridge at the powerlines, on top of the mountain, it was round and very still over the lines.  Suddenly it moved what looked like a few hundred feet to the east, it stopped and a beam of blue and white light shined to the ground.   What was seen next was very unnerving, he saw what appeared to be a man suspended in the light, he was being pulled up head first, he was moving his arms slowly in the light.  What looked like a man was pulled up into the bottom of the craft.   A few seconds later and it started shuddering, then went west very fast stopped briefly, then went straight up and out of sight.   2 days later a naked body except for his underwear was found, the man found rode up the powerline looking for deer signs at around 5:00, his 4 wheeler was 2 miles from where his body was found in thick brush.  His clothes were never found.  Blood hounds never got a scent past the 4 wheeler.  The papers are not telling the whole story, they are not mentioning he was  ((NUFORC Note:  Considerable unsubstantiated information temporarily deleted here.  We do so out of consideration for the family of the decedent, and until an official report is issued by the police and the coroner's office of Northumberland County.  We emphasize that this report was submitted by an anonymous source, and it may be from the same source that several other unsubstantiated reports have been submitted by.   We sincerely regret any pain that this information, which was posted here earlier, may have caused the family members of the decedent.  We post below the several articles published by the local newspaper, The Daily Item, about the incident    We express our gratitude to The Daily Item for permission to post the article here.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source elects to remain totally anonymous.  We failed to indicate this fact when we first posted this report on September 07, 2002.  PD  This statement dated:  Septebmer 11, 2002)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have changed the time and date above, to reflect what we believe are the correct time and date for the incident.  PD)) ((BEGIN COPIED NEWSPAPER ARTICLES)) Montour Ridge Volunteers look for man Search called off at 10 p.m.  By Marcia Moore  The Daily Item NORTHUMBERLAND Dozens of volunteers and several search-and-rescue dogs canvassed Montour Ridge Sunday in a fruitless search for a 39-year-old man missing since daybreak. At 10 p.m., the search for Todd Sees of Northumberland was suspended for the night. Search coordinator Point Township Fire Chief Leon Geise said six teams with K-9 dogs planned to resume the search at 6 a.m. today, with more volunteers beginning a ground and air search at 8 a.m. It's not an easy thing to have to leave, he said of the decision to temporarily call off the search. We need some closure and we don't have it. Sees left his RD2 Northumberland home at about 5 a.m. Sunday to go scouting for deer on a portion of his 80-acre property, according to his brother, Ty Sees. When he didn't come back by 12:30 p.m., four of us went out looking for him, Ty Sees said late Sunday afternoon. It's not like him to be gone this long. Harold Brub Sees joined the initial search that yielded no sign of his son. We covered the area he normally covers, the elder Sees said. We hollered constantly, but didn't see or hear him. Todd knows this territory like the back of his hand. What bothers me is that he's been gone too long. Clad in a white T-shirt soaked with sweat, Brub Sees also worried how his son was coping in the intense heat, which climbed into the 90s by early afternoon. A coordinated search effort began at 2:30 p.m. when Northumberland Borough Fire Chief Josh Newbury received a call from Sue Sees requesting help in finding her husband.  Newbury said Todd Sees was planning to go scouting on the ridge with another person who later decided not to go out.  Although no one saw Todd Sees leave early Sunday morning, his 18-year-old son, Nick, did find his four-wheeler on the west end of the ridge two miles from their home at about 12:30 p.m., Brub Sees said. Todd Sees is an avid outdoorsman who's known to walk for hours, Northumberland No. 1 Fire Department volunteer Nate Fisher said, but he's never stayed out for so long without contacting family.  The heat, that's what scares me, Fisher said earlier in the day, adding that no one is certain what, if any, provisions Sees took with him.  Ty Sees said his brother usually grabs a can of Mountain Dew and dresses in camouflage when he's gone out on similar excursions. Some volunteers speculated that Sees may have slipped on a rock and is unable to call for help. It very rough terrain and there's thick brush, Geise said. This is going to be a slow and methodical search. Be aware, rattlesnakes are in abundance, he told the volunteers preparing to head out on the search from the command post at the base of the ridge off Geise Road. However, the group had to wait several hours while three tracking dogs from Northstar Search & Rescue of Selinsgrove and James Shaffer were sent out into the heavily wooded area to try to pick up Todd Sees' scent. By 6 p.m. a state police helicopter from Hazelton had flown over the ridge looking for the missing man and Geise was requesting bloodhounds be brought in to assist the other canines in the search. At about 7:45 p.m., the bloodhound was on the scene and Geise decided he had to send the 25 volunteers out on foot to begin a sweep of a 6-square-mile area. It's been fruitless so far, the chief said an hour later. E-mail comments to mmoore@dailyitem.com  Investigation into man's death a 'waiting game'  By Marcia Moore The Daily Item NORTHUMBERLAND Investigators are still awaiting toxicology results to determine what killed a 39-year-old Northumberland County man found in the woods near his home last month. Point Township police began investigating the death of Todd Sees after his body was discovered Aug. 5 in a wooded area at the western base of Montour Ridge about 150 yards from his house. An autopsy failed to conclude a cause of death and toxicology tests were ordered. Right now we're on hold until we get the test results, Point Township Police Chief Gary Steffen said Tuesday. The blood tests are expected to take another four or five weeks, he said. It's just a waiting game, Steffen said. Something certainly caused his death. The answer has to be in the blood. Sees was reported missing on the afternoon of Aug. 4, hours after he left his home on an ATV to go scouting for deer on Montour Ridge. A family member found the ATV about two miles from his home, but there was no sign of Sees. About 200 volunteers, along with tracking dogs and searchers in helicopters, looked for the missing man for several hours. About 30 hours after he went missing, Sees' relatives stumbled upon his body in a densely wooded area of the ridge about 150 yards from his house. Northumberland County Coroner James Kelley said the autopsy revealed Sees had been dead between 24 hours to 36 hours, but found no signs of trauma or of coronary disease. n E-mail comments to mmoore@dailyitem.com  Investigation into man's death a 'waiting game' By Marcia Moore The Daily Item NORTHUMBERLAND Investigators are still awaiting toxicology results to determine what killed a 39-year-old Northumberland County man found in the woods near his home last month.   Point Township police began investigating the death of Todd Sees after his body was discovered Aug. 5 in a wooded area at the western base of Montour Ridge about 150 yards from his house.  An autopsy failed to conclude a cause of death and toxicology tests were ordered.   Right now we're on hold until we get the test results, Point Township Police Chief Gary Steffen said Tuesday. The blood tests are expected to take another four or five weeks, he said. It's just a waiting game, Steffen said. Something certainly caused his death. The answer has to be in the blood. Sees was reported missing on the afternoon of Aug. 4, hours after he left his home on an ATV to go scouting for deer on Montour Ridge. A family member found the ATV about two miles from his home, but there was no sign of Sees. About 200 volunteers, along with tracking dogs and searchers in helicopters, looked for the missing man for several hours. About 30 hours after he went missing, Sees' relatives stumbled upon his body in a densely wooded area of the ridge about 150 yards from his house. Northumberland County Coroner James Kelley said the autopsy revealed Sees had been dead between 24 hours to 36 hours, but found no signs of trauma or of coronary disease.   E-mail comments to mmoore@dailyitem.com ((END NEWSPAPER ARTICLES));40.9056;-76.7872
I will be as brief as possible,A man named Todd Sees, was abducted and murdered by aliens on Montour Ridge ,in Northumberland County, n;2002-08-04 05:30:00;20 min.;((NUFORC Note:  We have contacted a local newspaper in Northumberland County, and to the police officer who served as investigator of the case.  The newspaper confirms that the incident occurred, although the police officer stated that the decendant's remains had been returned to the family, contrary to the claims made by some regarding this case.  The official report will be released in late September, according to the police officer, and we will attempt to obtain a copy of it.  PD))  ((NUFORC Note:   I will be as brief as possible,  A man named Todd Sees, was abducted and murdered by aliens on Montour Ridge, in Northumberland County, near the town of Northumberland, Pa..  This is a big sloppy coverup if there ever was one. Todd Sees the victim, lived at the foot of Montour Ridge,a mountain stretching over 20 miles east. Todd Sees went up the mountain to look for pre-season deer.  He told his wife that he would be home by noon.  He rode his 4 wheeler up the powerline behind his home  at a little after 5:00 in the morning. Noon came and no Todd, his wife and children became concerned,at 2:00 a search party was organized, local police, state police, paramedics ,and 200 volunteers helped search for Todd Sees. The 4 wheeler was found on the top of the mountain near a powerline,tracking dogs could find nothing to go on around the 4 wheeler.  The search went on for 2 days over 6 miles of mountain were covered ,from top to bottom.  Todd vanished with out a trace,the 4 wheeler was keep in mind ,2 miles from his home at the foot of the mountain.  A pond a few hundred yards from the house was even searched by skin divers just so they overlooked nothing.  Dogs were over the whole area constantly no results,no trace, Then in the evening of the 2nd day something white was spotted in a large brushy area 25 feet from the pond,police and rescue workers spent 20 minutes cutting and hacking, brush and small trees so they could reach what looked like a body.  It was Todd Sees, he was wearing his underware, he was emaciated, not, bloated, he was white, he had an expression of horror on his face.  When he went up the mountain he was fully dressed,boots camo vest, hat, socks, pants,. The F.B.I. showed up with in 30 minutes, they took charge, they would not let the wife look at her dead husband, no matter how much she tried. The F.B.I. asked questions around the area, neighbors, mostly farmers, 3 farmers on one farm said they saw a large round bright object, just above thje powerlines, At the time of the disappearance, it was silent, it did not move fora bout 10 to 15 minutes.  It suddenly went up and suddenly stopped,a light shined down and something was pulled up into the light.  It then went straight up, hesitated again then went west over the Susquehanna River and out of sight. A police friend of mine said after 2 autopsys nothing was found, a toxicology test revealed nothing, no visible cuts or bruises any where except from the brush.  Now the body is at Allentown, from there it is going to Fort Indiantown Gap, Pa. The wife was told she cannot have the body for 6 to 8 weeks.  A boot was found a mile from the 4 wheeler a few days ago at the top of a tree, it was his.  I notice military copters have been scouring the mountain ever since at least once a day. If you need additional info for verification on anything contact me.  ((name deleted));40.9056;-76.7872
