Bright yellow light that seemed to stretch over entire town. While driving home on HWY 27 heading toward Stanley, NC away from the town;1974-06-01 20:00:00;5 minutes;Bright yellow light that seemed to stretch over entire town. While driving home on HWY 27 heading toward Stanley, NC away from the town limits of Mt. Holly with 2 siblings and sister-in-law we noticed a very bright light. Light was yellow and bright enough to be seen in every direction. It looked as if the entire town was lit by this light.  The light seemed to follow our old green station wagon.  I was around 13 or 14 at that time and my brother six years older was driving.  The light followed and as it got closest it was just over the hood of the vehicle. It hovered a while as to observe us.  We were all frightened that it may collide. We then pulled over to the left side of the hwy at an old fish restaurant at the time.  The restaurant was closed and I am not positive of the time yet it was dark.  We sat in the parking lot while the light hovered. In that time period nothing we knew could move this way. Nothing would just hover as it did. The light remained a little while then suddenly took off accross the highway at a high speed and seemed to blow up in a field maybe 250 feet away.  We only saw a small explosion and with the size I think it should have been larger. A police officer from Mt. Holly,  I assume, drove up while we were still standing outside the vehicle and asked us if we saw anything.  To be totally honest, we took him for some kind of authority figure and I am not exactly sure what kind. He said that he had many reports of a bright light over the town.  I have spoken to my sister and sister in law about this and both remember pretty much the exact same thing.  It was many years ago and I am now retired and never got this out of my mind. My sister did mention a fact I had not remembered that the light seemed to have left behind a mist on the car. I would love to know what happened that evening but unfortunately probably never will. I do not know if allot of time could have been lost that night but it does seems that my mom asked what took so long that night as she was cooking dinner. She was at the time arguing about cooking fresh biscuits so I definitely remembered the dispute over leftover biscuits. I actually opened the back door and remembered my mom throwing old biscuits past my head. So you see my memory for crazy things is in tact. It was allot to take in for a teenager and I think at the time I would have sounded crazy if I had spoken about it. In those days you just couldn't. I know it did happen and there were 4 people involved. I will ask my older brother some day but he's got allot to deal with and he has a nervous condition. I really don't want to push him but will ask soon.;35.3083999999999;-81.0256
Two stationary white lights mysteriously 'disappear.'   ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus, we suspect.  PD));2008-11-27 20:00:00;45 minutes;Two stationary white lights mysteriously 'disappear.' November 27th, 2008 Mount Holly, North Carolina  Around 8:00 pm, I stepped outside onto the patio in our backyard with my son (17).  My husband and daughter (14) had just left through the front door to go to the store.  My son and I observed two very large bright white lights in the southern sky.  They were about 30 degrees above the horizon.  The lights were larger than any planet that we have ever seen.  One light was located about ‘3 inches’ above the other light.  Both lights were behind the branches of a neighbor’s tree (about 75 yards).  They were stationary and we did not hear any sound coming from the lights. We went inside and tried to find some information on the internet about the evening sky, but didn’t find anything. So, my son and I went back outside to view the lights.  This time we went out the front door and observed the lights from our front porch.  The lights were no longer behind the tree branches.  This time, the lights were to the right of the tree at the same altitude and intensity. We went back inside. About ten minutes later my daughter and husband came home from the store.  I asked them if they saw the bright lights outside.  My daughter said she saw the lights as they were walking to the car to go to the store.  She said she tried to tell my husband, but he was talking on the cell phone.  I asked her if the lights were still there, and she said she still saw them as they walked back into the house. I went back onto the front porch to take another look at the lights.  Both lights were gone!  I called my husband, son, and daughter to see that the lights were gone.  We were baffled.  We went back inside and shared our observations with my husband. I went back outside the front door, but this time I walked about 20 feet out onto the front lawn.  Further away and about 10-20 degrees from the horizon, I saw what I think may be the same two lights.  They were located south-south-west of me.  Their lights were smaller and dimmer.  The bottom light seemed to be rotating as different colored lights were being emitted.  (yellow, orange, green?) I went back inside and called my son and daughter.  They also believe that the two distant lights were the same lights that were previously much closer to our house.  We watched the two lights as they very, very, slowly descended into the horizon.  The lights did not get smaller as they descended.  They seemed to make a vertical descent.  It took about 15 minutes for both the lights to descend out of view. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus, we suspect.  PD));35.3083999999999;-81.0256
Light in sky over Mt. Holly, NC/Lake Norman.;2013-09-29 20:35:00;12 seconds;Light in sky over Mt Holly, NC/Lake Norman. was looking at jets taking of from airport.  i look up at the stars and placed my eye on a far star and saw what i thought was a star far away but was moving i thought the overcast clouds were causing me to see it move but that was not the case it was moving vary fast hight rate of seed had no tail to it like a falling star i tyed to keep it in sight but moved to fast.   i have seen lights in the past in oct 2004 over ocean isle nc beach the brightest clear lights in a triangle close to the beach and i know it was not the armed service because i know there flares and colors.   i dont like talking about things like this because people think your crazy…;35.3083999999999;-81.0256
A formation of bright yellow-orange lights, motionless, and electrical effects.;2017-09-24 20:45:00;15 minutes;A formation of bright yellow-orange lights, motionless, and electrical effects. Our background:  My apologies for the long report, but these things seemed to be related from our perspective.  I am a Business Analyst, age 47, from the United States, and I have lived in this area of NC most of my life while working in South America, Europe and the United States.  I worked in Lima Peru from 1998-2000, where I met my wife.  She is also 47, and she left her profession as a Human Resources manager for the Peruvian government to come live with me here in 2015.  My education is in Business Administration and hers is in Art History and Contract Law. We both became amateur archaeologists while living in and visiting Peru over the years, so we have seen numerous unexplained things in our lives, mostly surrounding ancient ruins and paranormal activity associated with them.  We have separately seen UFOs once or twice in our lives, excluding one event at Lake Titicaca in Puno, Peru, where we discovered that a UFO was captured in one of our photographs near some pre-Incan ruins close to the Bolivian border.  It was just a silver sphere in the background, over a small lake. When she came to live with me here in 2015 we had a short period of odd events in and around our home, mostly paranormal in nature.  We tend to shrug off things like that as we are somewhat accustomed to it, but we did have one event while remodeling the house.  An unseen force moved rapidly through our home while we were sleeping on our living room floor, waking us, disturbing papers and knocking over several boxes and objects around our home.  We adopted a cat in 2016 who also reacted to unseen things in our home, but such activity seems to have ceased, mostly, since January of 2017. In January of 2017 we had a series of unexplained explosions or booming sounds in our area which are well documented online and by local authorities.  The last one that we recall was January 19, 2017 when a huge fireball streamed over our area accompanied by a violent sonic boom that shook the entire area.  This is also well documented in the media and online. Our ‘UFO’ Sighting on September 24, 2017:  About 18:00, we were at my parents’ home at Lake Norman, NC.  My mother and I took her dog out for a walk and noticed three passenger jets overhead.  The sky was clear and blue.  Two of the jets had heavy parallel contrails and one had none.  We didn’t notice additional planes but more contrails appeared within minutes, perpendicular to the others.  Within 15 minutes, the entire sky had become overcast with clouds that seemed to build from the contrails.  The clouds were unusual in shape, having a sort of saw-tooth appearance.  We joked about “chemtrails” a bit and went back into the house.  My wife and I left to go home about 20:10. While travelling on Highway 16 East from Lake Norman to Mount Holly, about 20:40, we noticed an evenly spaced line of 4 bright yellow-orange lights with a larger similar light above them, in the direction of Charlotte, NC.  We initially thought they were helicopters or planes, but a passing jet overhead looked completely different and had flashing lights.  The formation we saw was not blinking and apparently did not move.  I used my cell phone to call my mother and asked if there were any reports of an emergency or other activity in Charlotte, and she replied that she hadn’t seen anything on the news.  I noted that my phone had an 81% charge after the call.  My wife attempted to photograph the lights but the image was very washed out on her phone due to headlights from oncoming traffic. Approaching the junction of Highway 273 we noticed flashing yellow warning lights had been placed on both sides of Highway 16 for some reason, as if there was a hazard in the road ahead.  Turning onto Highway 273 South toward Mount Holly we noticed several cars parked on the side of Highway 16 with no lights, maybe abandoned. Shortly after turning onto Highway 273, we lost sight of the lights due to trees obstructing our view, but both of our cell phones went dead and street lights went out for about ¼ mile around us.  We both noticed a drastic temperature change and we became very warm in the car even with the a/c on.  We arrived at our home about 10 minutes later and confirmed that both phones had zero charge, and we could not see the lights from our house, again due to trees. I plugged my phone into the charger and called my mother again, but her phone was apparently busy for the next half hour.  I learned later that she had not been using the phone, so that remains unexplained.  My wife and I discussed the possibility that the parked cars we saw had experienced a similar electrical issue earlier in the evening.  We continued to experience hot flashes the rest of the evening in spite of a steady temperature in our home.  We both began to feel nauseous around midnight, but it passed.  This morning and afternoon (September 25) my wife has been vomiting and I seem to be fine, but we both stayed home as she is preparing to fly to Peru tomorrow to visit our relatives in Lima.  My mother encouraged us to report our sighting after we had searched for any news of an event and found nothing. This may have been 5 objects or one really huge triangle with 5 lights. Thank you.;35.3083999999999;-81.0256
