Was driving down 85 and saw what can only be described as a HUGE ripple of silver thin paper like material as big as a football field.;2013-06-23 19:00:00;seconds;Was driving down 85 and saw what can only be described as a HUGE ripple of silver thin paper like material as big as a football field.  I was shocked and sped up to try and get another clear shot but trees were blocking. It was AMAZING and eerie, I have seen UFOs in the past but this thing was truly mind boggling.  It was 7pm (Approx) and still daylight.  The shine reminded me of the shine on christmas timsel.;34.5221322564099;-82.6452017948717
Red lower w/pink band upper, burning/glowing cube shaped object, made a sharp right angle change of direction.;2013-07-04 22:00:00;1 minute;Red lower w/pink band upper, burning/glowing cube shaped object, made a sharp right angle change of direction. Hi Peter, I have finally decided to post this sighting my wife and I experienced.  It was the 4th of July, 2013 or 14, and as you can imagine, there were lots of pyrotechnics going off around the neighborhood.  We weren't shooting any but were sitting in our back yard watching and listening to everyone else play.  It sounds like a war zone in our neighborhood every 4th and this night was no exception.  We don't see most of the rockets because of the trees surrounding our property but get an occasional glimpse of the bigger ones. I was sitting, facing SW with my wife on my right facing S.  I glanced up and noticed a large glowing/shimmering/burning object coming over the trees drifting due west (L to R) around 20 mph (?).  It was probably a half inch square-ish at arms length and was almost directly overhead, somewhat south of the zenith.  I immediately assumed it was fireworks debris from a large rocket drifting overhead.  Within 5 seconds it was clear it was not.  I shouted to my wife, Check it out!  I haven't read many reports with this description, it was virtually square, the lower 80% glowing/shimmering cherry red identical to a campfire coal, the top 20% a horizontal band of pink, same characteristics.  The object and the edges all around were as indistinct as, like I said, a glowing coal in the heart of a fire. We jumped up and she asked, What is it?!!.  Obviously, I had no idea, but we trotted uphill in our yard to get a better look, it is still drifting fast L to R, and suddenly veers due south and flies out of sight over the horizon.  The wind was 5 mph at the most and variable. We were really excited because it was her first real unknown sighting of any ufo stuff, and because it was obviously unique and unidentifiable.  It was DEFINITELY not debris.  How do I know?, because her brother and his girlfriend came to visit over the next 3 days, and 2 nights after the first sighting, (we had shared our story and gotten the yeah, right... reaction) my wife was at work so it was myself and the couple visiting. There were no fireworks.  We were sitting outside in a different location on the patio, gazing north and I was expounding on our sighting and was saying, Man, I just wish ya'll could have seen what we saw...  Well, after I had said this about 3-4 times,  (I kept getting up and down, looking at the night sky.) I had just looked around and had my back to the north when he says, Look!  I turned around and it was the exact same thing, and I said, That's it!!!.   It was drifting R to L this time (We were facing north.) at the same speed as before, in a straight line.  He and I jumped up and ran to the end of our street because it went behind a large tree.  It had dimmed a lot and faded out completely within a few seconds.  Both times I would guess the object was at about 500-1000 feet.  These were very clear observations. For what it's worth, I am an aviation mechanic with nearly 40 yrs working on aircraft and a navy vet.  I have considered a drone, but it was a fiery, glowing object and I do not believe that to be the case.  Damn near square, but with distorted edges like a coal.  My best night sighting by far.  I have had a few other interesting sightings through the years, maybe I will share those some other time.  There was no noise the first night except random explosions from fireworks and no noise whatsoever on the second occasion.   Thanks for listening. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));34.5221322564099;-82.6452017948717
