Long, narrow cylinder shape and had about 6 square-shaped lights across the bottom. The lights were a dull yellow glow, and the craft i;2012-03-13 00:00:00;2 mins;Long, narrow cylinder shape and had about 6 square-shaped lights across the bottom.  The lights were a dull yellow glow, and the craft itself was dark and barely visible but I could make out the outline. Seemed low-flying.  No sound. As I watched it, it changed from a long, narrow shape to a spiral, almost as if each piece was connected on hinges.;43.0592000000009;-73.7356
Orange/Yellow strange lights above saratoga springs/schuylerville ny;2012-05-22 23:30:00;30 minutes;Orange/Yellow strange lights above saratoga springs / schuylerville ny I was outside my home smoking a cigarette last night when i noticed a orange/yellow (cant really describe the color which is odd..?) light moving over the wooded area about a half mile across the street from my home. at first I thought it was a plane as we do see them often, but than the object moved over towards my home about 500 yards south, now on the same side of the street above the treeline and in just a matter of what appeared to be instantaneously... regardless it was fast.  The light went off at some points and than on while it continued to move around the area of my house (within 3-4 miles as i was trying to watch it, the light was not always on). The reason i know for a fact this was no ordinary flying object to our knowledge of aircraft is for a few reasons. 1) the object circled and zig zaged over the hill in the back of our home at a speed that would be impossible for any pilot to handle. 2)  The object at one point was directly above my home about 600-700 yards (hard to say how high, but not high enough for an airplane in our area, but high enough not to hit any trees or anything by far.)   When it was overhead there were no blinking lights indicating it being an aircraft of ours... the only lights were a mix of yellow/orange (again i cant explain the color, almost as if nothing ive seen..).  Needless to say when it was that close to my home over the biggest tree in our yard, i ran back to the house to make sure i wasnt going to be the next person with an abduction story or something like that to be the town crazy....  Anyhow if anyone else saw this light/lights in the sky please report it on the web.  I could not have been the only one who saw this.  It was fast moving, and did not always have the lights on as if it were moving sometimes without lights..?  but there was something out there that is a fact.  Please post if you saw anything, i would like to reassu! re myself that this did occur and was not just some strange weather incident or anything over that nature...  THANKS&gt;43.0592000000009;-73.7356
