In the night, I was awoken by the prescence of a groteque, glowing ship, with a glow as so sinister in a cloak of shadows IT was with.;1997-04-20 02:00:00;1 hour;In the night, I was awoken by the prescence of a groteque, glowing ship, with a glow as so sinister in a cloak of shadows IT was with. I am very interested in UFOs, but my interest began one night  long while ago- I was only 4 years old, but I had high IQ stats. It was the middle of the night one something awoke me- a strange feeling-I didn't like it. I looked at the clock. 2:03 am. The clock was on a dresser next to the window. I saw a light outside, but assumed it was an aircraft. I made a double take. The light I saw was very large, larger than the moon.(In appearance) Its colours constantly shifted, changing hues every second. Surrounding it were dozens of smaller lights. Through the window I saw it had a strange, grotesque shape- the large light was the center of the craft, and along with the other lights were a few that were smaller than the big one, but bigger than the small ones, that lined the outline of the craft. The craft iself seemed tear-drop shaped, yet sprouting from random parts of the craft were long, tentacle-like protrusions, and they seemed to be comming dangerously close to the ground. The pointed end of the craft was a single, stiff spine. Having keen vision, even in the dark, I squinted to see if I could refer just what was on the ship. I saw mininscule humanoids in the craft, but before I could decifer more, a flash of light broke the calm, settle night, and it's the last thing I remember. I came back to in my bed, nearly an hour later, but did not recall falling asleep. A week later, however, strange markings began appearing on me. They looked like needle marks- only much bigger, and much redder. My IQ nearly doubled, perplexing my doctor over the few weeks it happened. Things strange still happen to me, and although I move around alot, I have constant UFO sightings. I'm still obseesed in UFOs, aliens, area 51, and the like. In my quest for answers, I stumbled upon an odd book that revealed some secrets to me. I may be, as the book says, a Star Child, one of very few people that are either descendents of aliens, or are looked after by the like, with occasional check-ups. That is all I real! ly have to say. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.2901;-89.8675
