as i was driving on the service rd to i35 beside and past the owens corning plant i observed over to the right and above my vehicle (i;2006-05-01 13:00:00;30 minutes;as i was driving on the service rd to i35 beside and past the owens corning plant i observed over to the right and above my vehicle (i had my sunroof open at the time so i did observe the object very well. this object passed over and right above my vehicle towards the left of the sky and as it was right above my sunroof it appeared to be changing shapes almost like a liquidy helix pattern. note i was trying to drive carefully but also observing this object at the same time. i first thought it was a bunch of balloons that had scattered from somewhere but as it got closer it definately was not so. i also thought it was a flock of birds as well, but being it was right above my sunroof i could see it clearly was neither of those things. (note: it was a perfectly clear and sunny day and i was thinking to myself, i wonder if anyone else is seeing what i am seeing!) as it moved across the sky it seemed to pull way out of shape into long scraggly lines and then come back into shape again.  i had my cell phone with me and i called my oldest daughter to tell her what i was seeing. she was really blown away by what i was telling her,i stayed on the phone with her for a few short minutes until i could no longer see the object any more.( now i had sunglasses on and it made it very clear and easier to see this phenomenon i would raise up my glasess a couple of times and you couldn't see it as well so that made me think that this was the reason no one else would really notice it, because there was not alot of traffic on the road at the time). but as i got closer to my destination with my daughter still on the phone with me i saw a round almost invisible circle of lights above the tree tops that would go off and on a couple of times, then i no longer could see the object.  (note when the object was moving and forming those very long scraggly lines and then going back into shape i saw an aircraft coming upward through the object and when it did the object scattered and then came back into shape. i also noticed that there were quite a bit of aircraft in the area of my destination at the time.  i took notes of everything i saw that day and drew a description of it as well, i also told my husband and my son all about it as soon as i got back home. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));32.3815584755408;-96.8356370875997
Daylight sighting of groups of white objects, in distinct swirling masses, that disappeared and reappeared multiple times.;2012-09-08 12:30:00;10 minutes;Daylight sighting of groups of white objects, in distinct swirling masses, that disappeared and reappeared multiple times. September 8, 2012, 12:25pm, Waxahachie, TX, Weather was sunny and breezy, as a cold front was approaching, bringing temperatures from the 100’s to the 80’s, and there was not a cloud in the sky. As I was driving, I observed what appeared at first to be a group of birds, regrouping the way geese do sometimes, but these birds appeared to be white, which didn’t seem right for geese.  Curious, because it was the wrong time of day when you typically would see this type of bird activity, and secondly, wondering what type of migratory bird it could be, I pulled into a parking lot to stop and get a better look. I now realized whatever I was seeing was definitely not birds.  The images kept appearing and disappearing, making it difficult for my son who was with me, to see them at first, but then he saw them too. The prominent shape seemed to be two large groups of small white objects, and they seemed to be moving, swirling almost in a rolling manner, but fairly stationary as a group,  before they would fade and disappear out of sight and then reappear at intervals that were about a minute or so apart.  As they faded in and out, it was apparent that the collective object was moving horizontally in the sky. The two groups overlapped slightly, with one higher and to the left of the other.  The images continued to disappear and reappear.  At one point, the shape was distinctly different, suggesting the outline of a semi-sphere or maybe the bottom section of a boat, with a curved and upward shape that also seemed to be formed from the same type of white objects, also swirling and moving.  As the images were far off in the distance, up in the sky, it was difficult to tell if the objects within the masses were moving, or if they were part of a larger object that was moving or rolling in the sky.  It was a bright sunny day, so it was difficult to tell if the objects were something white, or perhaps lights.   We continued to watch, for about 10 minutes before we saw a plane approaching the general vicinity of the object(s), and once the plane seemed to almost be to it, the object disappeared and we did not see it reappearing again after that. I am a 50+ accountant, and my son is 15, and an honors student.;32.3815584755408;-96.8356370875997
