Right over the top of me and so close I may have been able to hit it with a rock;1977-06-01 01:30:00;12-15 minutes;Right over the top of me and so close I may have been able to hit it with a rock Over the years, I have told only family and friends about my sighting.  After just seeing a show about a UFO sighting in 2000 in Illinois by some guy and 4 police, I have to share this with people who are actually interested in this sort of thing as I’ve always felt I should have documented it some how.   I grew up in south Florida but have lived in another state for over 20 years.  I am a 47 year old professional and I am an outdoor enthusiast. I am in to nature and have always had a keen awareness of my environment and surroundings.  Twenty nine to thirty years ago I saw a huge wedge shaped object fly directly over me in Coral Springs FL.  At a very late hour, 1 AM, 2 AM or somewhere there about, after dropping a friend off, I was east bound on Sample Rd and was stopped at a red light at Coral Hills Dr. Back then, populations were less and there were no other cars on the road.  While sitting at the light, it was like it came out of nowhere but suddenly appeared over the tree tops heading due south at about a block west of University Dr which was one block east. It was so low that a shot from a shotgun would have easily hit it.  It was so long I leaned onto the passenger seat and could see the bottom as it came over, but then sat back up and could still see it on the driver’s side and it moved slow at maybe 30 mph. It probably took at least 30 seconds to pass completely over me. It got about a mile ahead of me by the time the light changed and I could run up and turn south on University. It never seemed to speed up but gradually got further as I kept catching red lights and after several miles, I stopped following and turned around but noticed it appeared to be starting to turn toward Ft Laud airport. That fact has always made me question what I absolutely know I saw.  I have always described it as being as long a football field and wedge shaped. Like on the TV show it was an elongated triangle shape. It had the 3 white lights, one in each corner, and the red flashing light rear of center. It was not black like in the 2000 sighting. It was more gray color and I remember it having what looked like steel plating. It made NO noise what so ever and I don’t remember the lights being overly bright. It was fairly pointed at the front and about as wide as a four lane road with a median. I remember the rear once it passed over was thick or tall (it had huge mass) but I don’t remember it being lit across the rear. It had no wings and the fact that I could hear nothing as it passed over still makes no sense to me.  Another thing that’s always made me question my own eyes was the tree tops didn’t sway or bend what so ever, but as close as it was I’ve always thought there should have been at least a breeze if not wind.  I’ve never stopped having a hard time believing what I saw that night until seeing that show on the 2000 sighting in Illinois.  The descriptions and 3D images were so similar, I got goose bumps while watching and it felt like I was seeing my experience all over again. All these years I’ve wished I would see one again to prove to myself I wasn’t nuts and that TV show was like I was seeing it again. That show ended by noting secret military craft stay secret usually around 10 years. Well, like I said in the beginning, I saw mine 29 to 30 years ago so maybe I did see what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));26.267385;-80.271375
we saw a dark figure outside the window. at first we thought it was a man. A naked man in the middle of the road. but after about half;2003-04-04 23:38:00;60 seconds;we saw a dark figure outside the window. at first we thought it was a man. A naked man in the middle of the road. but after about half a minute of standing, the figure walked away. as it disappeared into the trees we thought we would find out what it was. but then a triangular craft appeared. with an eerie glow around it and 3 lights on each corner. bright lights. then it zoomed up. leaving a trail of white fog ((NUFORC Note:  Witness to alleged event declines to provide some personal and contact information.  However, we include the report here because of the other reports from across the U. S. for the same evening.  PD));26.267385;-80.271375
On June 18th(?), 2005 a long triangle traveled slowly at 34 degrees in the eastern sky (from florida), then faded.;2005-06-18 20:30:00;2 minutes;On June 18th(?), 2005 a long triangle traveled slowly at 34 degrees in the eastern sky (from florida), then faded. We were driving to the local ice cream parlor, and as we were driving on the street that leads away from my house, I looked up and saw this long triangle, like a Star Destroyer (from Star Wars IV-VI). I pointed it out to my sister and her boyfriend, and we all watched the thing. It was slightly lighter than the sky around it, and had a small orange light at the very tip of each point. Whiteish smoke was coming out the tail end (the shortest side) and trailing away, kind of like a cloud. It was moving... I'd guess about the speed of any airplane(?). After about 35 seconds of us watching it, the whole thing just faded. The outline faded, the white smoke stopped (but the smoke that was already in the sky died away slowly), and the orange lights dimmed. The two rear ones died out completely, but the one on the front tip just dimmed until it was around the brightness of a red dwarf star. (I don't know whether it was a stealth action.) The whole ship slowed down, and moved very slowly from that point on, and we just watched it for like another minute, and then my sister said, Just drive. So we went, I kept trying to watch for the triangle's light, but I lost it, and by the time we got back, I guess it must have flown away or just dimmed completely. I'd guess it was between 22 and 45 degrees up in the eastern sky (from our POV). Our background? My sister and I are born-and-raised Americans, and the boyfriend is a Russian. They aren't UFO buffs, and I'm mostly a paranormal investigator (excluding UFOs). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));26.267385;-80.271375
I was crossing a corner on a street at night and I looked to the right and I see a unidentifiable flying object about cloud high. I saw;2012-09-15 20:30:00;15 seconds;I was crossing a corner on a street at night and I looked to the right and I see a unidentifiable flying object about cloud high.  I saw a side view and duration was about 15 seconds. It was one flying object with five yellowish greenish glowing circles.  I couldnt tell how fast it was going but it looked as if it were flying and then it looked like it dropped.  But then it flew back up and I lost it in the clouds. And about three seconds later I saw a glow in the clouds. It was flying east towards the ocean. It had one single layer. But it had a tip it had a middle section and it had a back layer.  As it dropped and flew back up it looked as if the glowing circles turned into lines.  It was bigger than a plane.;26.267385;-80.271375
Vermont Boomerang;2014-10-16 21:10:00;2 minutes;Vermont Boomerang looked up at the sky around 9:10pm FL time. seemed like a flock of doves migrating in a triangle/boomerang shape. but then i notice it was to perfect and was flying smooth and it was slowly fading away. no lights just flow and faded away after about a min or 2.  *Below is a picture. not taken by me it was to late and to dark. http://i0.wp.com/nationalufocenter.com/wp-ontent/uploads/2014/09/VTSharon28Aug14.gif ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));26.267385;-80.271375
