strange and extremely hypnotizing.Bright red,green,white lights in triangle form.Hovered with sporatic movement.;1999-09-07 01:00:00;45 minutes;strange and extremely hypnotizing.Bright red,green,white lights in triangle form.Hovered with sporatic movement. I know that it was not a star, an airplane, or a helicopter. I first asked my roommate to come and look at it, then I called the police. Initially 2 officers arrived, 10 minutes later a third one showed up. They were all as stunned as I was. I went out side to smoke a cigarette and there it was, a strange hovering light around the size of the moon. It would hover and then move very fast, short distances. Then it would hover again. The police even called the airport to atleast get some kind of explaination, all 3 officers agreed that it was not an airplane, a star, or a helicopter. The airport's explaination was that a wildlife/rescue helicopter was doing a deer count. I have yet to witness a helicopter with obvious red,green,and white lights hover and move so quickly and at such bizarre angles. The lights had obvious color changes,first red,then green, then white. My background.... 24 yr.,white female,with a college education.{no drug use} my roommate has the same background. The other 3 witnesses were police officers.We took video footage.;30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
Fleet of Flying Objects/Crafts - Austin, Texas - 01/13/2012;2012-01-13 19:40:00;5 - 8 minutes;Fleet of Flying Objects/Crafts - Austin, Texas - 01/13/2012 Location: Austin, Texas (North Central Austin) We are in the neighborhood south of Kramer Lane and between Lamar and Metric in North Austin.  Trajectory was from South to North. Time and Date: 7:40 pm approximately on 1/13/2012. Duration:  Approximately 5 to 8 minutes   Conditions:  Night, clear sky, no clouds. Setting:  My companion and I were sitting in our vehicle ready to back-up on to street.  Companion checking traffic to his right and noticed orange/red dot lights in the sky to the distance (coming North from South).   He looked again and said, What is that?    I looked and was also surprised to see orange / red dot lights that were moving towards North.   We exited the vehicle and walked South on sidewalk to better see coming lights (past our front neighbor’s trees).  What we saw:   As the lights moved North, in what appeared to be two rows of lights, we were able to distinguish that there was a large mass craft at the front of the fleet.    This craft appeared to be very large and looked diamond-like.  It had red/orange circular lights at the perimeter  about three or four appeared to be turned on and these looked like dots of light at the perimeter.   The fleet, including the larger craft, moved smoothly without sound (appeared to be moving fairly slowly and smoothly, but unsure of how fast.  It took about 5 to 8 minutes from when we noticed the lights, to when we saw the final light disappear). While it seemed as if the fleet was traveling below the height that a plane would fly, we are unsure of the actual size of the larger craft so we are unable to assess height of travel.  With an extended arm, and measuring with your thumb and index finger, the larger craft would be about 5 inches wide and about 1 inch high.   As the fleet proceeded on its trajectory, the larger mass object was now “in-front” of us.  We were facing west and the fleet’s trajectory was South to North.  The larger craft appeared to be metal, dark and had textured surface (as if the surface was comprised of different levels).   The larger craft lights began to dim until they completely turned off.  When the lights turned off, we were still able to see the dark mass and that is when it was clearer that the surface was not smooth, but textured.  The larger craft was still very much silent and still moving toward North, when lights were all off and it continued behind my front neighbor’s trees and then disappeared (or was less visible as if it either went higher, or simply further, I don’t know). Behind the larger craft followed, what appeared to be, smaller crafts following in the same trajectory.   We do not know how many smaller objects were following, but we believe there were more than 5 (from 5 to 10 possibly).  The following crafts had a number of lights that dimed and then reappeared, so it was difficult to assess quantity.  The lights continued to pass in front of our vantage point until one by one, they began to slowly dim until they disappeared completely (similarly as with the larger craft).  The smaller crafts appeared to be smaller in size and so the surface was not clear as with the larger craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Fleet of Flying Objects/Crafts - Austin, Texas - 01/13/2012 - one more thing... Related to my post Fleet of Flying Objects/Crafts - Austin, Tx - 01/13/2012:   I pressed submit before I included that:  While my companion and I witnessed the fleet passing by, an individual walking toward us and said, What is that?   This is the end of the world s***.    He was obviously also seeing what we were witnessing.   He was also very disturbed about it, as we were.   He said that he had come walking from the next street and that there were people on that street also standing outside and witnessing the crafts passing by. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness still elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((END ADDENDUM));30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
