Glowing green football suddenly appears & then accelerates to nothingness;1985-04-19 21:00:00;3-5 seconds;Glowing green football suddenly appears & then accelerates to nothingness I was driving from Houston to Austin using a rural road, I think it was road 71 and I was about 10-15 minutes from seeing Austin's city lights. I remember that sometimes when getting to Austin using this road I would see the military jets landing at Bergstrom AFB. It was about 9:30 pm or so, it was pitch dark and a bit cloudy. So I am driving when, suddenly, I see through the top of my windshield this object that looked like a football, glowing bright green, so much so that the green light reflected off the few clouds above. This reflection made it real for me at that moment because my brain said, this cannot be imagined, the light is actually reflecting off the clouds! And I remember thinking that the object could not have been too high off the ground, maybe 300-400 feet off the ground or so it seemed. It was flying the same direction I was driving and I was startled to say the least. So I leaned forward on the steering wheel to see it better when, suddenly, it just shoots off towards Austin extremely fast and doesn't go more that 20 yards before it just disappears. I was utterly fascinated, I think I noticed a car in front of me a couple of hundred yards but it didn't stop. So I pulled over, just to see the whole sky and to, I guess, get a grip on reality by just looking at the spot where I had witnessed this event. So I am standing next to the car, looking at the sky, when to my left, across the road, into the forest, in the distance, I noticed like smoke and glowing red/orange lights it looked like a fire but I was not sure. I think I then climbed onto the hood of the car to have a better look when all of a sudden I felt fear, a gripping fear that made me think, hey, you better get out of here, get in the car and get out of here, this is just too weird. I got back into the car and drove outta there and didn't stop till I got to Austin and told my girlfriend about it. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
In broad daylight almost cloudless afternoon a large fat oval craft instantly appeared and disappeared from less than 1000 ft from my;1986-07-30 16:00:00;3-4 minutes;In broad daylight almost cloudless afternoon a large fat oval craft instantly appeared and disappeared from less than 1000 ft from my I am reporting this UFO sighting 25 years later because of 2 major points which I feel makes this sighting quite unique.  My wife and I witnessed the brief 3-4 min event from arrival to departure in perfect daylight weather.   In addition, there was also another anomaly that preceded the main object which I feel was associated with it, although I cannot precisely place the 2 together.  These two facets make this a significant, extraordinary UFO sighting.    Austin Tx 1986, Sunday afternoon between 4-5pm.  We had just returned from buying groceries to cook on my new outdoor grill.  So I was outside on my 2nd story apt deck at Sterling Village sitting down watching the fire and looking out due west at the beautiful bright blue sky, almost no clouds, just perfect central Texas sky.   Then to my left I see something dark in the sky at quite a distance in the SE direction that I assumed was a flock of birds.  I turned to look directly at the flock and observed peculiar spazzy wing movement, sort of like cartoon bats, not at all bird-like.  So the flock began to get bigger, not closer, and within a few seconds it became clear that it was not birds but, LARGE crooked zig-zagging dark LINES that were gradually spreading outward from a previously small central point, like a cracked windshield, only this was moving, vibrating.  I also could not quite determine just how far away these lines were since I had never seen anything like this before, but my guess would be several miles, at least 20 or so, about as far as the eye could see fairly clear.  I guess to describe it, it looked as if a sky-blue canvas was being ripped or torn at from the opposite side from me, with darkness behind it. As I recall at this time I could not really think as to what I was seeing I mean my thoughts just stopped, like an overloaded PC freezing-up.  Now I looked around and saw nothing else in the air but a few sparsely thin wispy clouds.  No birds, no planes, balloons, blimps, helicopters, nothing but still quiet blue sky.  As I looked back at the object(s?) only moments later, it was quite larger now, having at least tripled in size and branching out in long, spider-like appendages within a few seconds time.  It was also vibrating much faster and I was just dumbfounded staring awestruck.  I quite literally went blank for lack of any frame with which to reference what I was witnessing.  NOTE: You must understand that I DO realize this description sounds incredibly absurd,  I honestly do. I am only describing what this event looked like.  Please hear me out.  This is not a hoax.   At this point I was really at a loss for even thoughts as to what this was, and by now I was getting nervous so I again glanced toward the western horizon, bright orange sun lighting up everything and as I turned to look back at the dark lines, a grayish blur INSTANTLY appeared in front of me maybe 800 to 1000 feet to my left at the lowest cloud level.  I stopped to look at it for a moment and almost instantly it changed in appearance and became a defined object, that is to say the surface and edges came into focus and the grayish blur changed  into a solid 3 dimensional object.   The object was a grey blur for only about 2 seconds but the transition from fuzzy-blur to definite solid object happened instantly.  I then remembered the dark lines in the sky and immediately after this grey object appeared solid I quickly glanced back at the sky toward the south east where the dark lines had been only to find they were completely gone.  No visible trace remained of that first anom! alous sighting at all.  As large and branching as it had become within less than half a minutes time it disappeared within a few seconds.  But I now had this other thing to look at. At first it resembled a huge ballon-like blimp from a parade float or something being that it was smooth. No parades in town today. I thought it might have been hiding behind a cloud.  A quick scan of the skies revealed no clouds even close to being large enough to have been able to conceal the object.  Within a few seconds, maybe 10 or so, I observed it did not have wings, jets, propellors, windows, lights, markings, nothing I could identify it with.  It was a glossy smooth blueish-dark brown-gray color, similar to that of the submarines I've seen on TV.  It also did not make any movement at all none at all, like a huge dark semi-flattened jellybean perched upon a ledge it just sat there totally silent and motionless, slightly tilted downward towards my general direction.  Finally about this time I suddenly felt anxious as I finally realized this was not like anything I have ever seen in the sky (or anywhere for that matter). I was still reeling from what I had been watching prior to this object and I was VERY uneasy now. Austin at that time had Bergstrom AFB and I had seen at another time huge military cargo carrier jets circle the city to land at the AFB.  This object could have held inside of it at least a couple of those big planes.  Cliche as it sounds, easily this object was at least as big as a football field.  Easily. At this moment I called to my wife who was inside cutting up the chicken to grill. She told me to wait she was busy and I anxiously yelled for her to come outside right now!  She ran out looking down at the grill (she later said she thought I had burned myself lighting the fire, by the way I was yelling) and I bolted up out of my chair, grabbed her by the shoulders and pointed her towards the object in the sky and ranted, Do you see that?! DO YOU!?! Huh!? Answer Me! What is it? She was not excited like me.  She was calm and speechless, literally at a loss for words. I kept asking her if she could see it, what was it? and she finally whispered I don't know.  We then heard a man yelling at us from the parking lot by our apartment. Do You See It?!, he asked me.  Yea I see it! Do you?!, I responded.. YEA! WHAT IS It?!  He yelled at me and I yelled back  I Don't know!!! (In hindsight I thought it silly that I asked if he saw it too when he obviously had since he asked me first)  Now this guy was behaving even more excited than I was, he was jumping around and waving his arms, really losing it.  I guess looking for other people but nobody was around close by.  We then heard some yelling in the adjacent shopping center parking lot where several people were pointing in the air towards the thing and jumping and yelling.  My wife and I just looked at it quietly.  I suggested we study it in detail. (I have a bit more to say with regards to a more detailed description of the incident, also regarding my phone call to Bergstrom AFB they denied having any planes flying in the area). NOTE: It is the two specific moments regarding the objects arrival and departure that completely distinguish this thing from anything then or now that I can think to compare it to.  I cannot emphasize how quickly this thing simply zipped into view, then zipped away silently, instantly, no sound, no light.  As my wife describes it, Just POOF! Gone.  Sorry but i really have to use another cliche: If you had blinked your eyes you would miss it.   A bustling city all around and had you not looked up in the sky you would not know it was there.  I saw so many cars pass by on N.Lamar blvd, totally oblivious to this huge thing hanging less than 1000 feet above them.  Approximate location was just north of 183/research, between N. Lamar & Burnet Rd. Would gladly discuss more detail in reference to this sighting since we had a perfect viewing in broad daylight. I am old enough to recall as a youngster ( when kids used to play outside ) and quite often military jets from the nearby AFB would fly low and break the sound barrier. We always looked around to find the jet.   At no time during this sighting did I hear any sound at all from either the craft which was WAY larger than any jet I've ever seen  nor was there any sound from the anomalous object that appeared before it.  I have seen the Goodyear blimp from at least 3 times the distance further than this object and I could still hear it's engine. I've said more than you wanted to hear in this text I'm sure but as you might guess, this event forever changed my view on many things in this life.  Up until this 1986 sighting i had little interest in these things. I felt the Star Trek-Star Wars phenom had run its course.  Prior to this sighting and for 20 years afterwards I had virtually no interest in the ufo phenom.  My interest in UFOs has sprung up only in the last few years really after finding so much interest on the www.     Again, I am sharing this with you for the reasons I stated earlier. I am also hoping to meet anyone who may have seen this UFO. I counted at least 5 people other than my wife and I whom I personally observed watching the object.  I would be especially surprised to find anyone else who witness the lines in the sky anomaly as well.    My wife and I are both licensed healthcare professionals and we both have at least 15 more good years of service to mankind before retirement. I do not wish to discredit our reputations as they are in excellent standing in our respective specialty areas.  As I hope you can understand,  I do not wish to openly reveal our identities.   My wife especially is in disagreement about discussing this event as she currently holds supervisory positions in and out of the hospital setting.  She dislikes talking about this even with me bec ause no one is going to believe it and even if they did, nothing will become of it so just give up on it.   So I am sharing this with you all without her involvement.  I hope you understand our position.  However, I do hope to get at least one response from you soon.   Thank You.   ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
A man and his two kids see a clear UFO less than a mile away during an autumn evening in Austin, Texas.  Dazed deer present.;1999-10-27 19:30:00;5 minutes;A man and his two kids see a clear UFO less than a mile away during an autumn evening in Austin, Texas.  Dazed deer present. I’ve had 6 sightings in my life, but none as good as this one. I had recently sold my car, where I kept a nice set of binoculars for the sole purpose of looking at a UFO closer if and when I saw another one, and was now driving the family van with my two kids on our way to get gasoline, and then to the store.   This particular evening was fairly clear, and, as I was driving down a slightly winding street to get onto a major street, I saw an orange object just above the tree line that, during the brief moment I had to see it, first made me think of the moon when it's low on the horizon and has an orange glow, the way it looks during an lunar eclipse.  However, I felt that the moon should be a bigger, and also that it wasn't in the direction of the sky where the moon usually is, so I looped around the other neighborhood streets and came back up the same street, slower, to get a second look. Sure enough, when I saw it again, there was no mistaking it, it was definitely a hovering UFO similar to one whose picture was taken on December 21, 1994, by Carlos Diaz, so I turned off my headlights, came to a stop where I had the best view, lowered the windows, and turned off the van. Believe me when I tell you that based on the terrain of this area, even though it's surrounded by houses, businesses, a high school, and a very busy major street, where this UFO was hovering was not observable except for about 50 yards on this one street where I was parked. I told my kids to look at the object, and told them it was a spaceship.  They were 3 and 5 years old at the time, and though innocent, they were very interested in hearing about a real spaceship, especially because they were fans of the movie Toy Story. The object was not a thin disk or cigar shaped.  Honestly, it looked a lot more like a slightly squashed lemon, except with two nipples on either side instead of a stem on one side and a nipple on the other.  It glowed a uniform orange, and it had white beacon lights, one on top, and one on the bottom, across its perpendicular axis.  It had a row of very small white lights across its horizontal axis, dividing the craft equally above and below.  The beacon lights were blinking about 3 times per second but not in sync with each other.  The object was about 3 stories off the ground, and less than a mile away from us, but I really can't estimate the exact distance.  I would say somewhere between half a mile and a mile.  I could not make out any more detail, and believe me I REALLY missed not having my binoculars that day. I had a red laser pointer on me that I use at work, and my son asked me to point it at the object, but I ignored him.  He happened to have a flashlight that he'd gotten recently in his pocket, so before I knew it, he had taken it out and turned it on to point it at them.  I moved his arm down, gently, but he could see I was being cautious.  He asked why I didn't want to signal them, and I said that I wasn't sure it was a good idea.  In my mind, I was thinking, I don't know if they are good or bad, and I don't want to inadvertently volunteer my kids to become regular abductees.  I was also thinking, Man, if only my kids weren't here, I'd get out of this van and run to get a closer look, but I'm trapped under these circumstances.  Anyway, to make a long story short, we watched this object for at least 3 minutes, and it was just hovering there, so in my impatience to get a closer look, I remembered a business parking lot that was adjacent (left of the object from our point of view) to the forest that this object was hovering over, and I thought, If I time the signal light properly, I can quickly race the van to make the left turn, go down a block or two into the business parking lot, and then drive to the edge of the parking lot closest to the object. Perhaps from there I can see it closer through the trees, so without hesitating much, that's what I did.  As I raced the van and the trees blocked my view, the last glimpse I caught of the object was that it was still hovering in the same place, so I was very hopeful of being able to get a better look. However, when I got into the business parking lot, I found a big surprise - there were no less than 50, and probably more like 100 deer in the parking lot, and they were in a dazed, almost frozen state.  They moved very little, to the point that I had to steer around a few of them to avoid hitting them.  That in itself was remarkable, and only reinforced my belief that this object was not human-made, that the occupants had somehow put these deer in a trance.   After finally getting to where I thought I could see the object, I was disappointed to find out that I could not see it anywhere, so as fast as I could, again avoiding the deer in my way, I worked my way back to where I was before, and unfortunately the object was now gone.   After this event, my son drew a picture of what he saw, and it was essentially what I saw.  Both my children still remember the event, even though my daughter was so young, perhaps because we've retold it several times, but I certainly don't want them to forget it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Mr. Davenport, I have the drawing somewhere in a box in the attic or inside a book, but I can't remember where exactly, and it's been over 7 years now since the incident.  If I ever run into it, I'll scan it and send it to you.   My apologies for not having kept better records.  I considered contacting an investigator from MUFON way back then to check woods below where the object was hovering, but I never did.  I was no willing to put my children in any type of danger. I still keep my eye out in the sky, so if I ever catch anything again, I'll also send it your way. ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
Bright Star-Like object obsevered in South-East Sky;2002-09-03 05:15:00;15 seconds;Bright Star-Like object obsevered in South-East Sky Bright Star Like light observed for just a few seconds.....It was in a Stationary position over the South-East horizon;30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
An oval, saucer-shaped object moving slowly with brilliante colors of light flashing.;2003-10-21 16:15:00;5 minutes;An oval, saucer-shaped object moving slowly with brilliante colors of light flashing. On Tuesday, Oct. 21, 2003 at 4:15pm cst in Austin, Texas, from my backyard, I saw a flash of light that caught my eye. I looked up at the cloudless sky and saw an object moving slowing in a semicircle. At first it appeared as a star-like point of light. Then it displayed flashes of brilliante colors of light from red, blue, green, yellow and white. I quickly ran into my house to get the binoculars. When I returned outside I was delighted to see that it was still there. Between a few of the colorful flashes I could see the object better. It looked more oval than round but it was saucer-like being overall orange and some black in color. I viewed it for several, good, long minutes then it vanished.;30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
oval with several bright colors at one point heading south then retreating north east;2007-09-10 20:53:00;9 minutes;oval with several bright colors at one point heading south then retreating north east What I saw September 10th 2007 8:53pm. It was a typical Monday, I went to my regular state job which was between 7am to 4pm.  After that I went to my part time job.  There was nothing to my mind that was out of the ordinary.  It was a boring day at my regular job and slow at my part time job since there was hardly any customers.  After getting out of work I went to Target to buy a coke and Doritos flirted with the cashier and went on to the bus stop that takes me to the corner of Wickersham and Oltorf.  This area is at a high point and you can see the downtown area and it’s sky line.  There was a thunderstorm also moving in and was coloring the sky red then lightning would flash. As I was walking to my apartment I saw something flying over the downtown Austin area heading south.  I was standing in the middle of the side walk between Oltorf and the High Point Apartments looking at this thing because it was slowly making it’s way south and it was flying to low and too slow to be a plane.  When I thought it could be a blimp it flashed several colors of red, yellow, blue, in a multiple square formation.  A helicopter with one spot light was flying south and keeping it’s distance from the object.  I would say it flew above the Ben White HWY area and it was flying higher then the object I was looking at.  That was when it reversed it’s direction and headed north east.  (It did not make a U-turn).  I needed a witness but nobody was walking near by.  I called my sister via cel phone but did not answer.  Then at 8:55pm I called a co worker who was outside her house and told her to look south and she let out a big gasp she yelled, “what is that”!  She lives in north Austin.  We stayed on the phones looking at this thing.  As it moved back to the downtown area it moved around the downtown area and moved north east.  It then picked up speed and moved faster and out of my sight.  We stayed on the phone for a while more reveling at what we saw and then ended our call.  I told my roommate of what I saw.  He said he believed me and I told him if he were to come in that night and said he just saw what I just saw I would not believe him.  I am typing this because other people have come forward in the past on a web site called http://www.ufomaps.com/city/Austin My co-worker and the people who saying they saw the same thing I saw is more then I want to think about.  Why it was not in the news I do not know.  About an hour later my best friend called to talk about a possible hunting trip for December.  I did not talk about what I saw.  To me it is now the difference of living my regular way of life.  I do not do drugs, don't drink, nor was I on any medication.  I do not consider myself wanting any special attention from strangers.  I will never mention this to anybody even if the subject is about UFO’s. I do not know where to go from here.  I think UFO’s exist I just would never think I would ever see one myself.  This to me is just plain mind numbing.  I don’t want to think about, talk about, let alone write about what I saw that night.  This will go as far as I would want to go. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
Two small oval objects over a neighborhood;2007-11-28 09:15:00;1 minute;Two small oval objects over a neighborhood I went on break this morning and went outside. There were so many plane contrails in the sky, I couldn’t believe it. There were six of them that looked to be evenly spaced apart.  I have been going outside on break here for the last 8 years and have never seen the uniform pattern I saw today. There were actually at least ten to twelve contrails all over the sky. I looked up in the sky above our building and to the west and I saw an object in the sky just sitting there. As I was staring at it all of a sudden to the left appeared another one and it was moving from west to east.  It passed right in front of the 1st object. They could have almost collided. It was moving at a steady pace. It was not moving too fast. It was not that high in the sky. I guess if I had to compare it to my building. My building is about 18 to 20 feet high. I was looking at an angle and it was probably 2 ½ to 3 times my building in height in the sky and 100 to 150 yards away maybe. I got a good look at it. It was oval shaped, it looked to be silver. I watched it go about several hundred yards and then fade out. It disappeared. I looked back to see the other one, but it was gone. It was really cool to see. I couldn’t believe it. This is not my first sighting of a UFO, but it was definitely the most awesome to see. I started to laugh because it happened right in my plain view of sight. I didn’t have to squint or guess at what I was seeing.  I immediately called my wife and then my father after. I see planes fly over all day going to Austin Bergstrom. 737’s, 747’s, cargo plane’s, jet’s, Cesena’s and helicopter’s every once in awhile. These objects were silver looking, oval and had no wings. They made no sound. Without a doubt there are objects in our skies that defy physics as we know it. They were over a neighborhood of homes.;30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
Green light over the area around Austin.;2009-06-02 22:30:00;3 seconds;Green light over the area around Austin. It was a green oval that shot across the sky through the clouds. It was very bright, and was traveling very fast. It made no sound as it went by.;30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
Bright Silver Oval Object 20 seconds Clear Sky;2011-11-11 11:53:00;20 seconds;Bright Silver Oval Object 20 seconds Clear Sky At 1153 a.m. on 11/11/11 I was driving south on McNeil Round Rock  Road in Austin, Texas, approximately ½ mile north of the railroad tracks.  Looking out the front windshield at the 10 o’clock angle I saw an odd shaped silver object in the clear cloudless sky.  It was a bright reflective silver and I kept looking at it as it shrank and became a small dot and then disappeared.  I pulled the car over and got out and continued to scan the sky and there was nothing. I have been a nurse for 30 years and my background is science.  Last year I saw my first UFO and I questioned what I saw, I evaluated everything until I could no longer deny what I had seen.  I consider myself fortunate to have had another opportunity and glad that this time I could keep my eye on the object until it disappeared.;30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
It was reflecting light.;2015-10-18 07:37:00;2 minutes;It was reflecting light. Me and my Dad were out driving at highway 290 about 30 miles from Austin, Texas.   As we were driving, we saw a oval shaped object about the size of a van.  It looked like it was made from steel and made no movement.  It seemed to be reflecting light from the moon. We watched it for about 2 minutes, then drove off in shock.   I then after looked for a UFO reporting website. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with one of the witnesses, and he sounded to us to be serious, and sober-minded.  We suspect that the party is a reliable witness.  PD));30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
Glowing Oval Orb;2021-05-08 15:07:00;6 seconds;Glowing Oval Orb I was originally taking a video of a bird and then rewatched the video and noticed a oval shaped orb in the sky. The object was first seen in the beginning of the video in front of my car and then I saw it again on the left side of my car. I zoomed in on the object and it had a very defined oval shape. It was very bright with a yellow glow and a small tint of green. It also had a outer glow outside the oval shape almost like a aura or haze. This was strange because because about a month ago I saw something similar except it was a night time and about a month prior I had a dream about an alien invasion... just odd.;30.3106535248193;-97.7600825627888
