A UFO went through a wormhole then went through a nother one.;2010-07-11 22:30:00;5-10 minutes;A UFO went through a wormhole then went through a nother one. Hello I would like to tell you a story  Now this story did happen, it happened a few years ago. It all started around the Mormon Handcart Pageant.  I know I put a date for the event but I actually couldn’t remember the day. I know it happened in July 2010 at around 10 to 11 pm. Now, to the story. It was near the river scene and I was on my break.  I went up to a deck where people cross to sit on the bleachers.  No one of course crossed it because they were watching the pageant.  I looked up at the sky.  It was clear and filled with stars. But suddenly I looked to westward at the sky.  An orange oval object appeared. It was wavy and some parts glowed yellow.  To me it looked like it was on fire.  The object went to fast for a plane but seemed the like the source was also smaller than the plane and the glow made it seem bigger.  I watched the object float or fly across the sky. No one was watching and I didn’t make a sound.  You know how objects seem to go around up past mountains because the earth is round.  Well the object d! idn’t seem to do that. As if it broke laws of physics. I watched it go towards Mt Nebo.  But it seemed to me that it passed it already but I could still see it.  Like it went higher at a steady angle as if I was now looking at the back of the ship. The light started to dim and started to get harder to see. But suddenly it grew and grew brighter and brighter then it disappeared then BAM. There was no sound but a flash of yellow white light showed up of where the object was.  And then it was gone. I was stunned at the event. So you see the object didn’t seem to be on earth or in its atmosphere but out in space. Time passed and I spent time thinking about it. I think it was a space ship or “UFO” but it was in space and something happened to it. And it traveled through a worm hole then traveled some more then prepared to do another worm hole then launched again. To me it seemed damaged.  I hope you believe me. I know this happened.;39.6906;-111.8404
