Wedge shaped, Unusual lights, severe ozone smell;2010-01-22 22:30:00;6-7 minutes;Wedge shaped, Unusual lights, severe ozone smell On January 22, 2010 I went outside around 1030 to walk my dog. I live in a single-family home on approximately 3 acres. The night was clear and cold. I looked up to the stars as I usually do, as we walked in the backyard. Something caught my eye for a moment to the east in the sky. It appeared to be a low flying craft, with a bright light, what I assumed were landing headlights. I see them all the time because my home is situated under a normal flight path for Logan, and there is a municipal small craft airport about a mile from my home so it’s not unusual to see several aircraft in the sky along with the nightly stars, so I didn’t pay much attention. At that time the “light” was approximately 15-20 miles away. As my dog was finishing up her “business” I looked back at the light because I thought the angle of the light was odd. A direction I hadn’t seen before so I stopped and gazed up, facing directly east now the light was of a pattern and configuration I! had never seen before, and I watched and waited for it to come closer, as I am in the habit of doing, I like watching the different jets pass overhead again I spend a lot of time outdoors here especially at night, I have a nice telescope that I enjoy using an outdoor fireplace, so the backyards a lot of fun. Anyway as the “what I think” is a jet gets closer, I start to see odd lights Like on the “belly” The first thing that came to mind was that it must be some promo like you see at the beach, when planes drag those banners in the sky except this must be something knew, because its like so bright and so BIG and there is 2 white lights and this big red sort of like times square blinking symbol. Of what I have no idea. At this point I notice 3 odd things. One the ozone smell is stronger than I've ever smelled, the air seems to be electrified somehow and this thing passing directly over me now is NOT A PLANE, it’s something I’ve never seen before, wedge shaped, triangular, si! lent, slow, and HUGE, 2-3 footballs fields huge. I watched it ! pass ove r me, incredulous to what I was seeing, not believing, The craft moved from direct to east to direct west. After it disappeared in the night’s horizon, I went back in the house, sat down and decided I wouldn’t tell anyone, because I don’t want people to think I’m a nut. BUT. Its kind of been bugging me. I think about every day and replay it in my mind several times. I don’t want to keep silent. I saw this thing. I’m not saying its extraterrestrial. But it is something that I have never seen or felt before. And it was so obvious, so UNSTEALTH like, just there. HUGE.  Unfortunately I’m unemployed right now, and my cell phone is “off” so I have no pictures or video, ((NUFORC NOTE:  Witness indicates that date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.0737999999998;-72.0302999999994
A single triangular shaped object showed up in the sky above the street from the house I was staying at with my brother. It hovered and;2015-03-27 01:00:00;2 hours;A single triangular shaped object showed up in the sky above the street from the house I was staying at with my brother.  It hovered and blinked for about a half an hour and disappeared at about 11:30pm.  It showed up again later at around 1:30am this time it was accompanied by lots of odd interference.   First my wifi changed passwords and then changed names all together.  I didn't think much of it until my cable went haywire, this is odd because it had just been installed and was brand new.   I went for my home phone and called my SO somewhat panicked but the call was short lived due to connection issues and dropping calls.   This continued till about 3 in the morning when it dissapeared again.;42.0737999999998;-72.0302999999994
