Possible abduction, I'm not sure what happened that 8 years ago.;1995-06-22 00:00:00;Unknown;Possible abduction, I'm not sure what happened that 8 years ago. Well, this is a little personal for me to be describing as I have been a little traumatized by the event. I was about ten years old at the time and this is my first time reporting it. I am now 18. I went to sleep on the living room couch one night because the living room has a large window looking out to the west. Anyway, I woke up in the middle of night (midnight was the time on the VCR) on my back, and surprisingly I was not groggy, almost as if I had been up the entire night. But I had decided to then count the stars until I go back to sleep because I couldn't sleep. Well, there was this one star that was moving in north to south direction (from my point of view it was from left to right). I mistook as a plane and so my focus followed it. I decided to play a mind game with myself thionking it would make me tired and thought I could control the direction of the plane by looking at the direction where i want it to go. I said to myself, I'm going to control you with my eyes.) and the exact moment when I finished that sentence, the plane then flashed a very bright light into the living room where I was. I shut my eyes and pulled the covers over me. When I opened my eyes I was on my back with my arms at my sides and the covers were still over me. At first I couldn't breathe out of fright, I was so afraid to move or even think. When I finally got the courage to pull away my blanket from on top of me, I saw that the clock on the VCR was about 2:30AM. It was still dark, so I immediately got up, ran to my parents' room and asked them if they saw a light flash inside the house, they groggily said no. I climbed in bed with them and went to sleep. If anybody has a record of anyone having a similar experience, please e-mail me at I ((e-address deleted))  or call mny cell at ((telephone number deleted)). I am very interested in an explanation. Since then I have had an extreme phobia of UFOs, aliens, and especially the drawings of what they might look like. Thanks.  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.3973;-71.0372
