Daytime sighting of a black stationary tube that looked like UFO from Star Trek Movie with the whales.;1991-08-31 20:00:00;5 min;Daytime sighting of a black stationary tube that looked like UFO from Star Trek Movie with the whales. Object was stationary, approx. 10,000 to 15,000 ft in the air.  It was a full blue sky with no clouds.  The object was about the lenght of an airliner fuselage, but had no wings or vertical tail fins, just the long tube shape, similar to a pipe.  At the time I told the passenger in my car that it looked like the UFO on the Star Trek Movie with the Whales.  The Movie had the Crew of the Enterprise go back in time to get a humback whale to save the future from a destructive UFO that needed to talk to whales before it stopped destroying earth.  I don't remember what installment of the Star Trek movies it was, as I am not a fan of the series, but it was a major motion picture, not a TV episode, that is what this object looked like.  The object did not move the entire time I watched it, also no soud that I could hear, I was in my car on a busy street.  I was traveling in my car with my girlfreind (now wife) and we both saw it.  We saw it just sitting in the sky, not moving, no lights, just this long black tube, tilted at about a 45deg. angle in the air.  I am a believer in UFO's, however my wife is not.  She does not believe in anything like UFO's, ghosts, and that sort of thing.  When I tell people I do beleive in UFO's, my wife will roll her eyes and make fun of me when we are around other people.  I am quick to ask her what we saw in Council  Bluffs that day, and my wife, who is a college graduate and works for a top law firm in Omaha NE, has to honestly say I don't know.  I am a police officer and my word is often the only thing that stands in the way of someone going to prison, or being free.  My honesty and observation skills are tested every time I go to court, I did see this thing and I don't know what it was either. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.2567415841585;-95.8514861386136
