We saw a red light at high altitude zig zag across sky from horizon to horizon, then again hovering slowly over Mo. river area, then cl;1974-07-07 03:00:00;2:00 HRS.;We saw a red light at high altitude zig zag across sky from horizon to horizon, then again hovering slowly over Mo. river area, then close up. My girlfriend and I saw a bright red light pass over us at high altitude zig-zagging from horizon to horizon.Shortly, we saw a light reddish cloud overhead slightly to the north. Then we saw a craft moving slowly, almost hovering, low, above the MO.river area, tipping on it's side and forward while still moving in the same path. We lost it behind the trees until it flew almost overhead at treetop level still about a block away. We were becoming very exited and agitated, and the animals were acting strangely. Dogs running down the middle of the street, crickets became silent, and a K-9 Police unit roared down our 30 m.p.h. street at over 100 m.p.h. towards police headquarters. We decided to go to Lewis and Clark Monument Park up in the hills north of town which took us through Lakeview Park north of Co. Bluffs,in order to get a better view of the area skies.My girlfriend was driving as I was watching the skies. As we were driving through the park I spotted the craft coming towards us very low and slow. We became very scared as it seemed to see us and know that we were seeing it. It caught up with us as we approached the tennis court parking area and I told my girlfriend of this. For some reason she pulled the car over and stopped. When she saw it we both got out and ran barefoot about 50 yards to a train tressle which we momentarily hid under. I don't know what possessed us to come out from underneath it to look, but we did. There it was, hovering over the large cottonwood tree that is still there today. It was shaped like a hockey puck and about 100 ft. in diameter. Its edges were covered with large rectangular lights flashing in a clockwise direction as viewed from the ground. They were taller than wide and as a light would flash then dim the next light would flash and then dim, etc.,yet by the time it would dim the lights would go full circle around the craft. It was almost as if the light was streaking around the machine, yet you could see the delineations between the lights. We were frozen with awe and fear when the craft dipped and one of its red lights went out and it shined some sort of beam at us. I just recall that I think our hair was standing on end. The next thing either of us can recall was that it was daylight and we werein the car driving towards Lewis and Clark Monument, our original destination. I make no claims of abduction or anything extraordinary, other than we were obviously missing time and my girlfriend who had never taken birth control in 4 years became pregnant the next time we were together and went on to have 4 children altogether.;41.2567415841585;-95.8514861386136
It looked like it was gong slow because my car was movine same dorection but it was rilly moving along after I stoped;2003-08-19 01:00:00;15 min.;it looked like it was gong slow because my car was movine same dorection but it was rilly moving along after I stoped I am listening to your radio show on KFAB 1110 AM Omaha Ne/Council Bluffs Iowa This letter is in regard to your guest speaker with the name just Ken, that said he seen a UFO north of Council Bluffs on interstate 29 in between exits 61 and 66, this is a stretch of road that I drive on a regular basis and in fact while I was listening to this particular program on my car radio I was driving I 29 just south of Council Bluffs. And have seen very much the same thing that Ken seen, but with further investigation I realized that I was being tricked by an optical illusion of airplanes on approach from the north landing at Omaha's Eppley Airport. These are some facts that Ken has left out,  the stretch of road he is referring to is only about 3 nautical miles off the end of the north and south runway at Eplley airfield in Omaha .Also this stretch of road is approximately 16 miles from Offfutt Airforce Base,  Which is one of the most air guarded Airforce bases in the United States ( this is where they hid President  George W Bush on 9/11/01), With these facts I realized anything at just about any altitude in this area would be covered by extensive radar by both Eppley and Offfutt. I am not calling Ken a liar, but like I had said his description was very much the same as I have seen on other occasions on the very exact same stretch of road, the difference being on one occasion I stopped my vehicle to get a better look and realized that a jet on gliding approach does not really make that much noise and on a dark night with their landing lights only shining on parts of the fuselage, gives it the appearance that it looks more like an  odd shaped disc and because of the brightness of the landing lights it makes the non illuminated parts of the airplane very hard to see,;41.2567415841585;-95.8514861386136
