3 bright white amber lights forming a perfect triangle and moving into an arch without a vapor trail.;2013-10-13 18:57:00;8 minutes;3 bright white amber lights forming a perfect triangle and moving into an arch without a vapor trail. Sunday night, Oct. 13, 2013, myself and my business partner were driving south on I-29 about 30 miles South of Council Bluffs, Iowa.   I was in the passenger seat.  At approximately 6:58 pm, to my right in the western sky at about 40 degrees off the horizon, I noticed 3 very bright white/amber colored lights in a perfect triangle in the sky. My initial thought was it is too early to see planets or stars, what is that.  I continued to look at this perfect triangle in the sky for about 30 seconds.  As I looked back to the Northwest clearly saw a commercial aircraft with the vapor trail. The aircraft with the vapor trail was not as bright or the same color as the 3 lights forming the Triangle. I looked back at the lights forming the Triangle and the bottom right light began to move down and to my right creating a triangle with the right side being longer, there was no sign of movement or vapor trail. At that time I said to my business partner who was driving, “What is that”?  She leaned over and looked out my window and one of us said, “We need to film this.”   During this time and our conversation the lights have moved into a straight vertical line, again with no vapor trail.  As we were searching for a place to pull over, I began filming on my IPhone 5S while we were driving and the lights moved into a wide arch over the horizon.   Around mile marker 37 on I29 South we saw rest stop ahead pulled over it took a moment to get the lights to appear in frame on my phone screen.  However there is commentary on the video as to what we were seeing until I do finally get them in frame. The 5 minute video, the link is below.  Because I was facing the sun the lights don’t appear as bright as they were.    However you can see two of the lights during most of the video, and you can see the third briefly.    At the end you can also see the air craft with the vapor trail that appeared to be heading toward the lights.  As the aircraft to the left (or South of the lights) enters the top left of the video the lights disappear.  (This is at the end of the video).   The video is 378mb.  I uploaded the video as Unlisted to my YouTube account.  Here is the link:  http://youtu.be/e1dlCXcvb88  The lights come into frame well around 1:36.  We had been listening to a Comedy Channel on Sirius Radio so there is some colorful commentary in the beginning of the video.   During the video we are discussing what we are seeing.;41.2567415841585;-95.8514861386136
