Have  not talked about this for years until now after seeing how the goverment keeps saying ufos are`nt real  then why keep quiet.;1976-04-15 01:30:00;8 to 10 minutes;Have  not talked about this for years until now after seeing how the goverment keeps saying ufos are`nt real  then why keep quiet. I was a S.A.T. leader of a three man Air Force Security Police team in a Alert B-52 site at March AFB Calf.. We were giving a chow break to the three K-9 units at the end of the alert area in the grass next to runway. all the sudden the dogs went wild barking and then crying out like they were in pain,you could smell the air like after alighting strike,at the same time we got a call from the alarm monitor telling us that the maid miles system had dedected a large metal object pass the runway right in front of us. then the humming sound so loud it hurt our hears started almost right above us,we looked up and saw three teardrop shaped objects two were higher than the one that was right above us. they all gave off alight green shine that seemed to pulse, the hair on your skin and head was pulled up like with static charge. The radios wouldnt work and everyone started to point there m-16s at the object. All the sudden a bright light flashed from the object then it moved away from us. the other two rose straight up and then shot off in a easterly direction going towards the mountions then straight up into the sky. The last one rose up but started west then turned east and shot off into the sky. I started calling my controller and the tower who said he did have something for a few seconds but it was moving to fast and was gone before he could get a fix. We made our reports and were told talk to nobody!!! Was called in and told that as a matter of National Security We saw a low flying plane.That because we were in a Nuclear Weapons area that this whole thing never happen. Funny thing it was all the news that next day , we heard that two chps had saw the objects near San Berdeno area 10miles away,  and a news copper covering a story in Riverside had saw three objects traveling southeast the same direction of the Base. Even stranger was the phone call two days later from my father in Ga, where he lived after retiring from the Air force . son listen to your Boss It could be your chance at staying in the Air force remember what you see keep it to yourself  .I never asked why or whats going on my father Had a Eye`s only clearance in the Air Force. Someone did however talk to the inqrirer news paper.;33.9480238705754;-117.413760378512
