3 triangular shaped ufos over an empty field in Riverside, CA with beams of light searching the field no noise, no wind, not copters;1978-07-01 20:00:00;10 minutes;3 triangular shaped ufos over an empty field in Riverside, CA with beams of light searching the field no noise, no wind, not copters On the way home from grocery store, saw lights going off an on over an empty field in Riverside, just outside our housing tract.  pulled to side of road to try to see what it was window was down and there was no noise, as from a helicopter.  Looked up and saw 3 triangular shaped ufos, looked like very heavy metal, no noise, no wind, just beams coming from one going off and on as if searching for something in the field.  All 3 started moving very slowly across the field and I watched them as they crossed over the highway below and slowly disappeared.  I can draw what they looked like, rough sketch, but saw another drawing by someone else many years later on a television special, not same time or area though.  My daughter was with me at the time but she was only 5 or 6, don't remember exactly, and she only has vague memory of this happening.  Went home right afterward and told my husband about it he believed me because he knows me. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));33.9480238705754;-117.413760378512
The reports of various UFO events over the Arizona sky on March 13 ofthis year has prompted me to reveal the experience my wife and I h;1997-03-01 21:00:00;15 seconds;Summary : The reports of various UFO events over the Arizona sky on March 13 ofthis year has prompted me to reveal the experience my wife and I had inthat time frame although I am not sure of the exact date.The night we were outside was a perfectly clear night over the InlandEmpire of the Los Angeles Metro Area.  We live across the Santa AnaRiver in unincorporated Riverside in an area commonly known as IndianHills.  My wife and I were enjoying a night in our hot tub around 8:30to 9:00 PM and looking up at the evening sky which for our area,although obscured somewhat by city lights, was very good for stargazing. I remember we did not have the jets or pumps on at the time soit was very quiet also.  My wife was looking to the southwestern sky andI was looking to the northwestern sky at the time. All the sudden, atalmost a ten o'clock position, I could see a black but translucent likeobject moving through the sky west to east at a tremendous rate ofspeed. This object seemed to pulsate as it moved. However, it did nothaving any lights or normal jet aircraft type blinkers on it. It wasV-shaped at the front however I could not make anything out at the tailend of the object (whether it was flat, circular or angular).  There wasno noise at all associated with the sighting or any heat exhaust comingout from the rear of the object. Completely silent.By the time I alerted my wife to look towards the object it was in the12 o'clock position almost straight above us.  Maybe 3 seconds hadpassed at the most from the time I spotted it till I spoke to my wifeHoly cow honey look at this.  Obviously she could not see what I wasseeing right away.  I just grabbed her head and put her line of sightover my arm towards the object almost like a gun barrel.  Finally shecould see it at around the the 1 o'clock position. We followed it forabout another 5 to 10 seconds. At the final moment little sparkles seemto come off of it and then it disappeared. We were stunned.  Almostspeechless. The reports of various UFO events over the Arizona sky on March 13 ofthis year has prompted me to reveal the experience my wife and I had inthat time frame although I am not sure of the exact date.The night we were outside was a perfectly clear night over the InlandEmpire of the Los Angeles Metro Area.  We live across the Santa AnaRiver in unincorporated Riverside in an area commonly known as IndianHills.  My wife and I were enjoying a night in our hot tub around 8:30to 9:00 PM and looking up at the evening sky which for our area,although obscured somewhat by city lights, was very good for stargazing. I remember we did not have the jets or pumps on at the time soit was very quiet also.  My wife was looking to the southwestern sky andI was looking to the northwestern sky at the time. All the sudden, atalmost a ten o'clock position, I could see a black but translucent likeobject moving through the sky west to east at a tremendous rate ofspeed. This object seemed to pulsate as it moved. However, it did nothaving any lights or normal jet aircraft type blinkers on it. It wasV-shaped at the front however I could not make anything out at the tailend of the object (whether it was flat, circular or angular).  There wasno noise at all associated with the sighting or any heat exhaust comingout from the rear of the object. Completely silent.By the time I alerted my wife to look towards the object it was in the12 o'clock position almost straight above us.  Maybe 3 seconds hadpassed at the most from the time I spotted it till I spoke to my wifeHoly cow honey look at this.  Obviously she could not see what I wasseeing right away.  I just grabbed her head and put her line of sightover my arm towards the object almost like a gun barrel.  Finally shecould see it at around the the 1 o'clock position. We followed it forabout another 5 to 10 seconds. At the final moment little sparkles seemto come off of it and then it disappeared. We were stunned.  Almostspeechless.I remember holding my thumb against the sky to see if I could size theobject. My thumb could obsure it but not completely cover it. It wasvery high in the sky but I could not tell exactly how high. We are closeto Ontario Airport but this was not a jet aircraft that I know of.Normally aircraft that we see and hear coming and going from our areaare moving at a rate of speed that you can watch for almost a minute ata time. This thing moved in a matter of seconds from the far west to fareast.  And it pulsated. Not in steady patterns either. Almost quick andjerky at times.  Not like the steady movement like a jet aircraft.How do I know? First of all, I have a good knowledge base aboutaircraft. I have logged over a million air miles in my occupation overthe last 14 years.  I am very good at spotting 727's to 747's or DC-9'sto DC-10's.  I know commercial aircraft. Was this one? No way. Secondly,I also lived near Offut Air Force base in the 70's and frequently takemy kids to airshows at several airforce bases.  I know how normalmilitary aircraft move through the sky. Was this one? Nothing that Iknow of.My background. I am a sales manager for Fortune 125 company that hasmultiple divisions. Many which supply sophisticated electronic equipmentto the military.  I have an educational background in computers andelectronic journalism. I once installed the equipment that I now sell.I am more like a sales engineer. My daily routine is technical anddetailed.  My reputation involves making reliable and sound informativedecisions, statements, and judgements.Obviously, I am somewhat skeptical.  I have tried to rationalize in mymind what I saw that night.  Maybe that's what has taken me so long torelay this to you.  The reports in Arizona have finally prompted me totell our story.  I have no video. No pictures. No other evidence.  Onlytwo eyewitnesses that I know of.  My wife and I. But we saw it. Now Ialways look to the night sky differently.;33.9480238705754;-117.413760378512
Many people observing similar objects over California;2006-01-19 23:00:00;several different occasio;Many people observing similar objects over California I haven't sat down and read any of the ufo reports for a few months now because my computer was on the blink.  But now it's all better and so I've been taking some time and catching up on all the latest ufo buzz.  Even though I wasn't keeping up with the postings on the National UFO Reporting Center, I still continue to observe the sky every night.  I've been out every night since Nov. 3, 2003.  Anyways, it's been very interesting to read everyones different experiences (I decided to only read reports from California for the time being) and  hear their discriptions of the wonderful and unique objects that are always in the skies above us.  I have to say that many of you are writing reports and describing some of the EXACT same kinds of things that I have seen!!! For instance, one couple have seen in the Eastern sky,(5 or 6 times they said) a bright white object that is emitting other white objects from it that fly away on their own.  I too have seen the same thing about 3 times over the past 2 1/2 years.  Quite a few people have seen lime green objects in the sky that also light up the sky all around with a flourscent green hue.  I have seen this many times and have observed many green objects that somehow form a green vapour cloud around themselves that comes and then disepates every few seconds.  Sometimes it appears that the object does this to camifloge itself.  I've seen purple vapor clouds around a purplish object also. It is such a rush each and every time I'am lucky enough to see these strange wonders.  I think I was one of the first people to report seeing what appeared to be stars that suddenly became moving stars that moved about in a certain area of the sky as if they had a certain raidius around them to guard or protect.  Well, I just wanted to say that I'am so happy that there are others of you who can truely relate to me and I to you, and I feel very fortunate to be a small part of the BIG picture.  I don't know exactly what the BIG picture is yet, but have a feeling we're all going to find out in not the too distant future. I do hope that you all treat our beautiful earth, skies, and those who live there with love, kindness and respect because that's what it's all about. I'll be back!!;33.9480238705754;-117.413760378512
Extremely fast black triangle;2011-01-25 19:11:00;1 second approx;Extremely fast black triangle On the evening of 01/25/2011 I was on my back porch, looking at the sky.  The sky was cloudless, but there was haze or smog which was reflecting the city streetlights, making it rather bright.  The stars were visible, notably Orion, which I was looking at while facing East.    At 1911 hours I noticed movement to the left in my peripheral vision.  I was surprised to see a pitch black object moving swiftly from North to South across my field of vision, passing just below the constellation Orion.  While the object was directly in front of me it appeared as an isosceles triangle, the length being approximately twice the width, with the point at the front.  It was angled slightly away from me, consistent with the object's wingspan being parallel to the ground and me observing it from underneath from the West.  The object disappeared quickly into the haze as it departed to the South. I estimate the duration of the sighting as 1, not more than 2 seconds.  There were no lights on the object, it was completely black against the slightly orange cast of the sky.  The edges seemed very sharp while it was directly in front of me, but it was more vague as it approached and departed.  There were numerous airliners and general aviation aircraft visible at the time which were clearly audible.  I heard no sound that could be attributed to the passing of the object.  I estimate the object was considerably lower than the airliners I could see which were on final approach to Orange County and LAX.;33.9480238705754;-117.413760378512
Silent Triangle UFO over riverside county CA. 5 circle shaped lights along the bottom of each 'wing' leading to a point;2012-04-28 20:40:00;5-7 secs;Silent Triangle UFO over riverside county CA. 5 circle shaped lights along the bottom of each 'wing' leading to a point It was a triangle shaped, low lit, completely silent, flying craft .  IMAGINE THE MATH SYMBOL FOR GREATER THAN/LESS THAN > About 5 circle shaped lights on each side as it came to a point, lowly lit - almost like a fuzzy glow, not a typical 'shine' from a light...after 5-7 seconds it was out of view... Time 8:40pm aprx. I live in Riverside, Ca, right near March Air force base. THIS WAS NOT AN AIRPLANE. THIS WAS NOT A HALLUCINATION. THIS IS NOT A JOKE;33.9480238705754;-117.413760378512
A triangular object with 5 bright lights.;2014-11-23 18:00:00;3 minutes;a triangular object with 5 bright lights. I was walking home from a friend's house..as I looked into the sky I saw two bright objects . I didn't think anything of it..but as I continued walking...I noticed that the two objects were drifting apart slowly ..I then pulled out my phone and recorded.   The NEXT night.  I saw the same thing..but I continue seeing objects coming and as they head east of my home..the just disappear into thin air..I had a severe Hallucination a couple days ago.  I was laying down and my room suddenly turned black and white...everything seemed like a wave an  moving in a wave motion and I was walking around..but then I woke up...I thought it was real ..it was SO vivid.  But a strange thing...as I felt myself wake up..I saw a flash of a triangle shaped colorful object..I lost 30 minutes.  But it felt like 30 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.9480238705754;-117.413760378512
Loud booms n weird tangle.;2018-07-04 21:00:00;30-45 minutes;Loud booms n weird tangle There was a lot of air traffick but anyway fireworks started n the stars started being visible for Independence Day so I went to look at the sky cuz a baby is about to b born in my family tonight n I noticed a lot of bright lights which I thought to be planets n one in particular was the brightest n I noticed 2 not so bright stars connected to a triangle n looking to my left another triangle with 1 bright star n then tried to see if any connected to a star or anything to connect all 4 or 5 bright lights but it was weird the 1st really bright one never moved but the others seemed to be getting further apart so went to the front of house see if I could get a bigger view.  N the 1st triangle literally went from perfect 3 triangle to a long /l triangle.  So go back to back yard n I notice yes there is fireworks going on around but there is booms n sounds like boom and hitting something n no sizzle or pretty fireworks in one certain area of the sky.  Like I could still see sky n stars but I could see weird flashes of light in the sky  like it was reflecting behind an invisible object.   N then all of a sudden one of the lights broke away from the 1st really bright light n blanketed the sky slowly within 5 min I couldn't see mountains in background or any of the stars  except  straight up in the sky.  N I suddenly got a whiff of I dunno gun powder fireworks but smooth n less harsh n only for a second.  I noticed the 1st bright light had another light replaced n a triangle again.   I got my binoculars n zoom in the bright light had 3 lights n it was like the triangle was tilted facing toward where the booms were booming from.  I went inside after about 30-45 min n don't know what happen after the.;33.9480238705754;-117.413760378512
I was driving south on Brockton Ave between Magnolia Ave and Arlington Ave. On the south side of the sky appeared three circles of abo;2020-01-14 18:15:00;1 minute;I was driving south on Brockton Ave between Magnolia Ave and Arlington Ave.  On the south side of the sky appeared three circles of about 6 lights traveling either as one triangular unit or in a V formation of three vessels.  Lights were very low, similar altitude of a helicopter if not lower, but moving significantly faster than most aircrafts at that altitude. I first spotted the lights around Nelson Ave and they continued moving south, disappearing and reappearing behind the buildings until I reached Arlington Ave, when they dissapeared from sight in a south eastern path, again much faster than Standard aircrafts.  The individual three circles of six lights also appeared to be spinning or rotating within their circle. They made no sound.;33.9480238705754;-117.413760378512
Triangular UFO sighting across Riverside sky...;2020-03-26 11:00:00;1 minute;Triangular UFO sighting across Riverside sky... My husband and I were outside about to have a smoke when we heard a loud helicopter hovering above us really low.  Shortly after, my husband tells me to look up at the sky and we see two triangular objects flying across the sky at a slow speed and low.  The triangular craft was made up of circles of that makes sense.  They disappeared into clouds then we saw two black dots float across in the same direction as the triangular ufos.;33.9480238705754;-117.413760378512
