I can die a happy man-almost.  Trump is our President, Eagles won the Super Bowl, and I have seen my first UFO.;2018-03-05 17:15:00;20 minutes;I can die a happy man- almost. Trump is our President, Eagles won the Super Bowl, and I have seen my first UFO. No bull, Mon. March 5 about 5:15 Pm I was leaving my son's house when I happened to look up into the sky.  There it was.  A glowing disk about 65 degrees in elevation and from my position it was south of limerick nuclear power plant.  There were no stars or planets visible, the sky was clear blue and the sun was setting.  I looked up  and saw a glowing disk, not moving, just stationary.  If you held a sling shot ball between your fingers at arm's lengths, it was larger than the ball.   I got binoculars out of my car to see it better.  It had a definite slightly darkened area on it. I drove home to get my spotting scope to get a better look.  Using the scope was a bad idea because trying to locate it was difficult.  But it was still there not moving.  I watched it for about 1-2 minutes,then blinked out.  Thursday night before karaoke 7Pm, my neighbors' roof covered with snow was lit like a brilliant spot light.I noticed the shadow of his chimney slowly moving like the light was coming from above and the side.  I ran outside to see where it was coming from.  I couldn't see the source of the light and no sound.  My neighbors' house is 3 stories there are no taller buildings around.  I ran out my front door to see the light source, nothing.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  Now all I need is a ride in a UFO and I can happily go.;40.2884;-75.3409999999999
I saw a bright, constant, blue-tinted circular light that accelerated extremely quickly from a still position across the sky.;2019-12-03 19:00:00;<2 seconds;I saw a bright, constant, blue-tinted circular light that accelerated extremely quickly from a still position across the sky. I am a teenage boy residing in Souderton, Pennsylvania, and for years I have been taking guitar lessons at a place not far from my house every Tuesday at 7:00 p.m.  This night, I was running just a little late, leaving my house at 7:00. I turned out of my cul-de-sac and onto the same route I take every night. As I was approaching a stop sign ~150 yards from my cul-de-sac, a bright, constant blue-tinted light caught my attention. The clouds were thin, but brights stars were visible through them and had a haze around them, as bright stars and the moon do when their light passes through thin clouds. The blue light had that same haze, so I knew that it must be behind the clouds.  Almost instantaneously after looking at it, it seemed to fall extremely, extremely quickly with no determinable acceleration in the exact direction I was driving. There is a tree line a few hundred feet past the stop sign (it is a 3-way stop sign, so I can either go right of left), and it seemed to almost disappear into the sky just before the tree line rather than disappear behind the trees. I stopped at the stop sign and my eyes began tearing up because I could not believe what I had just seen.  The first thing I thought to do was call my dad who was at our house just hundreds of yards away because I felt that I had to explain to someone what I just saw.  I mention the phone call because this report is being made on February 24, 2020, months after the sighting, and after reading a report from a woman in Vineland, New Jersey (57 miles from Souderton) too similar to what I saw that has the same date (12/03/19) and time stamp (7:00 p.m.) of when I saw whatever I saw, I looked back at every Tuesday going back to September 2019, and determined that the call I made to my dad at 7:03 p.m. on 12/03/19 was the date that I saw it. I feel that even though it is months later, I had to make a report to create a second report of what I believe is this sighting because what I saw is unlike anything I've ever seen, and my reaction of tearing up and almost fear was an uncontrolled emotion I never felt before that I guess must have stemmed from me seeing an unexplainable phenomenon.;40.2884;-75.3409999999999
