Strange Sighting over Souderton, PA.;2005-03-17 14:30:00;less than 1.5 minutes;Strange Sighting over Souderton, PA. March 17, 2005.  	Souderton is a small town about 20 miles north of Philadelphia. We are located near Willow Grove Naval air station (12 miles to the south) Mcguire Air Force Base (30 miles to the east) and Dover Air Force Base (35 miles to the South). I mention these facilities because I don’t necessarily believe that what I saw was extraterrestrial.  That being stated, here it goes.  	I was driving North on Route 113 just between Souderton and Kulpsville, PA at about 2:30 AM. It was a clear night and there was no one else on the road. There were open fields to my left and right. Out of the corner of my left eye a bright blue flashing light caught my attention. When I looked to my left I noticed there were two of them traveling towards each other at separate altitudes (I have no idea how far away or how high) traveling at slow speed.  	I stopped at a traffic light and watched them head towards each other for a few seconds. When the two lights were aligned vertically they stopped in mid air (what appeared to be about 4000 feet apart), and something round and glowing orange dropped from the light/object on top and collided with the bottom light/object. There was a small white flash (like a strobe light) and all 3 were both gone.  	I don’t really know what I saw. I have read other reports like mine that occur around military installations, so at first I chalked this up to a flare test or something…..but over a residential area? I have never seen flares hang motionless in the air or travel in a vertical trajectory.  Perhaps I saw a high altitude missile interceptor test. This region of Pennsylvania was ringed with Nike Ajax installations in the 60’s and 70’s. They were supposedly “de-activated” by 1975. I have my doubts though. Strange Sighting over Souderton, PA. March 17, 2005.  	Souderton is a small town about 20 miles north of Philadelphia. We are located near Willow Grove Naval air station (12 miles to the south) Mcguire Air Force Base (30 miles to the east) and Dover Air Force Base (35 miles to the South). I mention these facilities because I don’t necessarily believe that what I saw was extraterrestrial.  That being stated, here it goes.  	I was driving North on Route 113 just between Souderton and Kulpsville, PA at about 2:30 AM. It was a clear night and there was no one else on the road. There were open fields to my left and right. Out of the corner of my left eye a bright blue flashing light caught my attention. When I looked to my left I noticed there were two of them traveling towards each other at separate altitudes (I have no idea how far away or how high) traveling at slow speed.  	I stopped at a traffic light and watched them head towards each other for a few seconds. When the two lights were aligned vertically they stopped in mid air (what appeared to be about 4000 feet apart), and something round and glowing orange dropped from the light/object on top and collided with the bottom light/object. There was a small white flash (like a strobe light) and all 3 were both gone.  	I don’t really know what I saw. I have read other reports like mine that occur around military installations, so at first I chalked this up to a flare test or something…..but over a residential area? I have never seen flares hang motionless in the air or travel in a vertical trajectory.  Perhaps I saw a high altitude missile interceptor test. This region of Pennsylvania was ringed with Nike Ajax installations in the 60’s and 70’s. They were supposedly “de-activated” by 1975. I have my doubts though.Strange Sighting over Souderton, PA. March 17, 2005.  	Souderton is a small town about 20 miles north of Philadelphia. We are located near Willow Grove Naval air station (12 miles to the south) Mcguire Air Force Base (30 miles to the east) and Dover Air Force Base (35 miles to the South). I mention these facilities because I don’t necessarily believe that what I saw was extraterrestrial.  That being stated, here it goes.  	I was driving North on Route 113 just between Souderton and Kulpsville, PA at about 2:30 AM. It was a clear night and there was no one else on the road. There were open fields to my left and right. Out of the corner of my left eye a bright blue flashing light caught my attention. When I looked to my left I noticed there were two of them traveling towards each other at separate altitudes (I have no idea how far away or how high) traveling at slow speed.  	I stopped at a traffic light and watched them head towards each other for a few seconds. When the two lights were aligned vertically they stopped in mid air (what appeared to be about 4000 feet apart), and something round and glowing orange dropped from the light/object on top and collided with the bottom light/object. There was a small white flash (like a strobe light) and all 3 were both gone.  	I don’t really know what I saw. I have read other reports like mine that occur around military installations, so at first I chalked this up to a flare test or something…..but over a residential area? I have never seen flares hang motionless in the air or travel in a vertical trajectory.  Perhaps I saw a high altitude missile interceptor test. This region of Pennsylvania was ringed with Nike Ajax installations in the 60’s and 70’s. They were supposedly “de-activated” by 1975. I have my doubts though. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));40.2884;-75.3409999999999
