Two Bright ligths over Baldwin Park California.;2009-11-25 18:28:00;3 mins;Two Bright ligths over Baldwin Park California. I was picking up my kids from mother in-laws house at approximatly 6:25 pm when I noticed two bright white lights traveling at a high rate of speed from a north west to south east direction one following the other. They appeared for approximately three minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.0862;-117.9641
Moving blinking bright to dim object heading towards mountains, seen from Baldwin Park, CA.;2014-07-04 23:18:00;2 minutes;Moving blinking bright to dim object heading towards mountains, seen from Baldwin Park, CA Went outside to see if I can watch some last minute fireworks throughout the city so I was scanning the sky. From my location looking towards Mount Wilson which is north of me in Baldwin Park, CA, what caught my eye was a bright light I thought it was a shooting star at first but it just got bright almost near the brightest star and it dimmed down.  I thought no that's not a shooting star, then I thought was it a satellite?  no I continued tracking it it was headed in a straight line towards north east.   It got really dim especially cause the light pollution and the smoke from the fireworks but i could still make it out that it was going in a straight line.  What happened that it grew bright again and dimmed, when I continued watching it it continued to go bright and get dimmed, so it would go bright like a star then dim to almost unseen, I even lost it for a bit, but since it continued in a line I could just make out where it should be, but I also noticed that it seems to go farther in the distance.  It just was really weird never seen anything like that. what it did was go bright then dim right away then travel maybe 3 or 4 sec then repeat about 3 times then I lost it then it did it again but lost it cause I guess it either was too far or it flew fast away or just stopped blinking. so at a count of one its bright then one sec dim then 3 or 4 count dimmed. but it was really bright that's why to me it was a UFO cause I never saw anything like that, it was not a plane cause it had one light and it was really small almost invisible when not lit.  The color was like star light color and bright.;34.0862;-117.9641
They are here.;2014-10-17 01:00:00;1 second;They are here. Having a smoke, saw a police helicopter flu by, right after saw a bright flying object with incredible speed zoom across and vanishes.  duration approximately 1 second.;34.0862;-117.9641
Bright and sharp light in blue sky that fades away.;2020-05-19 06:05:00;10 seconds;Bright and sharp light in blue sky that fades away UFO Sighting  Event and report date: 5-19-2020.  At approximately 6:05 am (right where El Monte and Baldwin Park [in CA] meet), while driving on the freeway, in the morning blue sky I saw a very bright and very sharp chrome colored light about the size of large star in the sky at about 45 degrees up.  After watching said light for about 5 seconds and tripping out on its unique qualities, the light began to fade away very slowly and very smoothly.  The light did not appear to move. When I first saw the light, I thought it was a star (it was stationary like a star), but I quickly realized that it was far too bright outside (sky was blue) to be a star.  Then I realized that this light was far sharper than any star, and this light did not twinkle or change colors like a star.  It most definitely was not a star. I knew it was not Venus because again it was far too bright outside to see any planets, and the light I saw was much smaller than Venus which is huge during this time of year.  Also, Venus’s light has a clear white color whereas this light I saw a had a chrome or kind of colorless “color.”   Then I deduced it was not an airplane or helicopter because this object was stationary and there was only a single solid light, no aircraft body, no blinking lights.  At that time of day if it were an airplane or helicopter, I would have been able to see it. But it was just a light. It was at this point that the hair on the back of neck started to stand up and I realized this is VERY WEIRD! About One second after feeling this “omg!” feeling the light began to fade, but fade in a very kind of subtle and smooth way. It was an extremely smooth and measured fading of the light. As the light was fading, seemingly in reaction to my “omg!” reaction, I was yelling out loud (alone in the car) “what the heck is that! OMG! Its fading away!? What the f*ck!!! It was truly bizarre. The light reminded me of a magnifying glass focusing the suns light—it was a very sharp and very focused light, easily the sharpest light I had ever seen in the sky. And its chrome “color” was unlike anything I’d ever seen in the sky. If the light was fading because it was moving farther away from me then the light was heading to outer space.  From my location to the light’s location and angle, if it moved away from me it would be vectored towards outer space.;34.0862;-117.9641
