2nd time in just short of a year that we experienced this phenomenon within 3 miles of first sighting.;2014-05-17 21:35:00;6 minutes;2nd time in just short of a year that we experienced this phenomenon within 3 miles of first sighting. On the evening of 5/17/2014, I had walked out of the back door of my house to let my dog out to do its business.  When I looked up into the sky to see a what appeared to be very intense redish/orange ball of light coming out of the North heading due South across the sky.  This object was flying at an altitude that appeared to be just above the mountaintops when I first spotted it.  I ran inside an had my wife come out into the backyard to witness this event.  The object seemed very rapidly ascend into the sky with the glow dissipating as it ascended.  I was able to capture this event by recording it on my cellphone.  When it reached a certain altitude, the object started to dim and appeared to flicker on and off twice, then it appeared to be a black craft triangular in shape very high in the sky.  This craft then disappeared from sight.  As I turned to go back into the house, my wife had called to me in a loud excited voice and exclaimed that another redish/g! lowing object was flying the same pattern and route as the first.  We were able to also video tape this object as well.  I had instructed my wife to retrieve our son's telescope but was unable to bring the object into focus with the telescope.  We videotaped this object as it rapidly ascended and suddenly disappeared out of sight.  During the videotaping, I was able to video an aircraft flying high above our house roof with its blinking lights to clearly show the contrast between the aircraft and these two objects that we saw and filmed.  The very interesting but disturbing thing about this encounter is, that we had seen the same phenomenon approx. 3 miles East of where I live the later part of last summer while riding our motorcycle.  We pulled off the road with 4 other vehicles and we all watched in amazement as 5 of these objects did aerobatics unlike anything we had ever seen.  They like the two comparable objects we had seen tonight ascended rapidly and seemed to vanis! h into the atmosphere.  I had made a report of last summer's sightings on the MUFON site.  I had since been trying to make sense of this.  I had first heard of this site from the Coast to Coast A.M. radio program.  I started listening to Coast to Coast after the first encounter.  I would very much like to have a follow up concerning these sightings and I will say that it sort of unnerves my wife and I, especially being that we have witnessed this phenomenon twice.  Also of note, on both occasions, these objects did not make any discernible noise whatsoever the whole time they were visible.;41.067;-77.5939
