A hazy white patch of light slowly moving in the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Result of earlier missile launch.  PD));2004-08-31 20:45:00;30 min;A hazy white patch of light slowly moving in the sky. I am a high school chemistry and physics teacher and a a I was out side across the street from my house talking to my buddy Ken who is aiso a local police officer. When suddenly he said look up , there in the sky I saw a fuzzy white patch of light moving slowly in northeasterly direction. When observed through apair of binocculars it appeared as a nebulas shaped cloud that had a light source above it illuminating it. In addition to Ken and myself it was also witnessed by my wife and two of my neighbors. ((NUFORC Note:  Result of earlier missile launch.  Please see:  http://www.spaceflightnow.com/atlas/ac167/040824track.html http://space.com/spacewatch/mystery_cloud_040901.html PD));40.7962;-76.4226
Slow moving shape in the sky that faded but retained shape as it did, moved S to N. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));2004-08-31 20:45:00;half hour;Slow moving shape in the sky that faded but retained it's shape as it did, moved from South to North I am a Police Officer for the Borugh of Mount Carmel. Looking into the western sky as I was talking to a friend (who happens to be a sience teacher) I said to him Now what do ya call that? What we saw  was a fuzzy rectangular shaped light (almost like aircraft lights ahowing through cloud cover, but there wasn't a cloud in the sky) It appeared to be stationary in relation to the houses. As we watched others (3) also observed it. The more we watched it we noticed that it was moving very slowly North. I went inside my business and got binoculars. Through the binoculars the object looked almost like a Nebula that had exploded. It was all whaite lighted and I noticed a white light on the rear of it that blinked in no particular rhythm. Again it was moving verys slowly and by watching the stars in relation to the object close up I could tell it wasn't following the planets rotation it was definately headed North. The longer we watched it, it slowly began to fade. No noise was heard through out the entire event. The best I can describe the shape of it is like this  -)(-  .... I have no idea what we saw. If it were a stray cloud it would have broken apart and lost its shape as it moved. It did not. And clouds usually don't come with blinking lights, no matter what the rhythm. ((NUFORC Note:  Result of earlier missile launch.  Please see:  http://www.spaceflightnow.com/atlas/ac167/040824track.html http://space.com/spacewatch/mystery_cloud_040901.html PD));40.7962;-76.4226
