the object just floated across the road in front of us, and suddenly just blinked-off / it disappearred in front of our eyes!;1999-12-07 18:30:00;5-10 minutes;the object just floated across the road in front of us, and suddenly just blinked-off / it disappearred in front of our eyes! My son & I were visiting my mother that weekend, she lives in Dawsonville, Ga. We left her house at about 6:10p.m. to 6:20p.m. on Sunday night as we were returning home to Alpharetta, Georgia (my son needed to be in bed by about 9:30p.m./ he was 9 yrs. old at the time). We had been gone from my mom's house for about 15 minutes, we turned on Shoal Creek Rd. heading towards the city square of Dawsonville. There seemed to be almost no traffic on this winding country road. As we rounded a lazy turn in the road, my son & I witnessed, at VERY CLOSE range, what appearred to be a Black Triangle shaped craft. It was barely at tree top level (approximately 100 feet)directly in front of us. It was floating,kind of rocking in a bizzare manner, slowly from left to right. I can only compare this to a Puppett on a string. This object was floating, almost dancing,& appeared to be turned up on its sides. The sides were un-equal in length (I think it would be classified as an Isosalyes Triangle, math teacher would be proud).Anyway, we were in a state of shock from what we were witnessing (I assumed this later that night). In each corner on underside of craft, were dark blue/neon type lights. These lights were not overly bright at this time. They seemed to be casting a blueish hue, towards the center, where we observed what I can only describe as two straight lines, one a little higher than the next,similar to the number 11 with half-square parenthesis on each side of the vertical 11 lines. The square-like parenthesis were off-set from each other, the one on the left side was higher up than the one on the right. Me or my son, either one can still draw this perfectly. It looked perhaps like some form of insignia. The craft just floated right in front of us, across the road to the other side. as soon as I intially saw this object, I swerved off the road & slammed on the brakes. We were not going very fast anyway. This object was approximately 200'ft. directly in front of us & about 100'ft high. This all! seemed so damn surreal! As this object/craft floated slowly to the other side of this road, we just sat there in my truck (Lexus RX 300) observing this obvious un-earthly vehicle. I say this because of the movement,shape, ect.. When it reached the right side of the road,(where we were sitting), the craft seemed to just blink-off. It was gone, just like somebody turned off a light switch. There was no apparent acceleration, it was literally there one minute & gone the next. At that point I pulled my truck back on the road & we continued our trip home. The really strange thing was we didn't say anything to each other the rest of the way home,which took us about 30 - 35 minutes. I pulled into our driveway, opened the garage door, pulled truck into carport & we just sat there staring ahead, facing the wall in the carport with the truck still running. We sat there, silently, for maybe 5 minutes, when all of sudden at the same time we both slowly turned towards each other and asked,What the heck just happened? We did not immediately talk about this. For some reason, I told my son to go inside the house & draw whatever he saw. I did the same out in my truck. I went inside & then we compared drawings. We then realised that we had indeed witnessed the exact same thing. This drive normally takes 45-50 minutes. However, when we got home I noticed the clock in my truck, it was 8:40p.m. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We would like the witnesses to provide a graphic of what they witnessed on that date.  PD));34.4512;-84.153
The v shaped object was so low, you could see that it was not lights.  It was not from Earth.;2000-02-16 20:30:00;5 to 10 min.;The v shaped object was so low, you could see that it was not lights.  It was not from Earth. I am a teacher from Georgia.  While driving home on Febuary 16, 2000, a friend and I witnessed 4 lights in the sky about 8:30 in the evening.  The lights were greenish blue.  We observed the object for about 5 minutes before getting close enough to it to see that it was not 4 lights but two sets of 4 lights forming a triangle.  As we got closer the object rotated about 45 degrees and floated directly over head.  I slowed down to get a better view.  My friend and I stuck our heads out the window, but heard no sound.  The object was the size of a football field or larger.  There were no means of propulsion visible.  I could see some kind of round portal on the bottom side along with a tubing underneath.  The object looked metalic and you could see shadows above the object showing depth.  Two days later, My friend and I both had red noses with a small sore on the tip that blead for several weeks.  I watch a lot of tech channels and no one will ever make me believe our planet has the capability to create an object that large that can hover without a propulsion devise.;34.4512;-84.153
3 stationary points of light, looked like stars in a constellation, started moving, then disappeared;2000-07-06 00:00:00;a few seconds;3 stationary points of light, looked like stars in a constellation, started moving, then disappeared I did see a UFO once!  Or something definitely unexplainable.  The date was the night of July 5, 2000, I had just turned 40.  I was at my sister's house my nephew who had just turned 10 was begging me to camp out with him in their field behind the barn.  It sounded like fun and a good bonding moment so we did. We were laying in our sleeping bags talking and staring straight up at the star filled sky.  All of a sudden about midnight, directly overhead in this star filled constellation, 3 of the stars in a triangle shaped pattern, that had been stationary, started moving!  My nephew said, Did you see those 3 stars start to move?  They slowly moved in unison in the direction of the front point of the triangle for a few seconds and then the front star disappeared followed by the rear 2.  As if the nose of a craft lifted up and then took off.  Since they looked like stars (points of light) it was most definitely outside of the atmosphere. We were so rattled by it and excited, neither of us could sleep and we stayed up until 5am talking about it and searching the sky hoping to see it again. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) I submitted this report yesterday and wanted to add that's it's okay to read my name on the radio. ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));34.4512;-84.153
Triangular shaped object seen in Dawsonvile, GA.;2007-05-22 02:00:00;2 minutes;Triangular shaped object seen in Dawsonvile, GA. At approximately 2am on Tuesday, May 22nd, 2007. Myself along with a friend were in Dawsonville driving south towards Cumming on hwy 9 approaching Dawson Forest rd. Both myself and my friend witnessed a triangular shape hovering about 25 ft over the trees that line the shoulder of the hwy.  The object had dim, reddish lights that surrounded the perimeter of the object, in a triangular shape. The object made no sound, but it seemed very ominous. We pulled over and watched for approximately 2 minutes until it darted in southern directions at full speed and vanished. My friend and I were left baffled. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.4512;-84.153
