Strange light sequence followed by military fly by;2007-07-31 22:20:00;5-10 sec;Strange light sequence followed by military fly by On the night of July 31st, 2007 at approx 10:20 pm I was on my back deck in Fostoria Mi. It was a clear night so I was watching the sky for shooting stars and satellites.  It was at this Time that some strange lights appeared in the north east sky. The lights were a golden orange color and very bright. The first light appeared and steadily got brighter, and then it just went out. Immediately after, the next light came on just to the left of where the 1st one  was. It did the same thing as the 1st. When the 2 nd  light went out the 3rd came on just to the left of it until it reached its brightest point and it went out. The timing of the 3 lights were in perfect sequence, one  would appear dim then brighten and go out, then the next light came on brightened and went out, and then the third did the same.  The whole event took maybe 5- 10 seconds. The lights made NO Noise.  I could not tell if the lights were separate craft flying in a tight formation, or if the lights were coming on and going off along the side of a single craft. The lights were not far above the horizon and in the airspace between Fostoria Mi. and Clifford Mi.  I knew that the lights were not normal air traffic so I continued to watch the sky. I saw commercial air traffic above my home (Flint/Saginaw Airports). But at 10:50 pm (30 minutes after sighting) off to the north west I could see 2 aircraft flying in obvious formation heading right toward my home. As they approached, you could tell it was military fighter jets. When the fighters were getting very close to the area of the sighting the turned off the blinking lights and even kicked in afterburners. The fighters were flying at a pretty low altitude ( about 1/3 as high as commercial flights) and you could see the bright white afterburner flames. We do not get much military air traffic in the area. But when we do, they are never that low  and never have the afterburner flames shooting out. The ones this night were low, fast and loud enough to rattle the deck I was standing on. These fighters passed just between my home and where I had seen the strange lights.  I am not sure what the golden orange lights in the sky were, but I know that the military flying by was a direct result of the sighting.  I am a 41 year old male. I manage an office, and have a wife and 2 children. I know what various aircraft look like and spend a lot of time sky watching. I know what satellites look like as the move across the sky. What I witnessed on this night was not normal air traffic.;43.2675;-83.3834
orange lights 2nd consecutive night.;2007-08-01 22:15:00;3-5 seconds;orange lights 2nd consecutive night. This is a follow up to a previous report. On 8/1/07 I reported seeing orange lights in The sky between the towns of Fostoria Mi. and Clifford Mi. That sighting was at Around 10:20 pm on the night of 7/31/07. With a Military jet fighter fly by in the same area around 10:50pm.  On the night of 8/1/07 I witnessed the same type of orange lights again. This time the lights showed up at 10:15pm, but it was only 2 lights this time and they were farther apart and a little higher off the horizon. They were in around the same area of the sky as the night before. Again the first light appeared dim, then brightened and disappeared. Right after the first light went out the second one appeared above and to the left of the first one. It started dim, brightened then disappeared. The sighting only lasted seconds but was bright and very noticeable in the night sky.  This time there was no military aircraft involved.  In the previous report from the night of 7/31/07. I stated that it was hard to tell if I was seeing 1 craft with multiple lights or 3 separate craft in tight formation. Well now after the sighting on the second day and only seeing 2 lights that were father apart, I am inclined to say that it was 3 separate craft on the first night.  I will be keeping an eye out again this evening and plan on having the video recorder with me. If this happens for a 3rd consecutive night I will submit another report.;43.2675;-83.3834
