Orange sphere of light hovering several hundred feet above Fairchild Airforce Base.;2003-07-10 20:00:00;45 minutes;Orange sphere of light hovering several hundred feet above Fairchild Airforce Base. If the year is correct, the report should still be contained in the Spokane County Sheriff's Office data base. My wife and I were at home in Spokane, listening to our Police scanner when we suddenly heard frantic reports of a large orange colored light hovering over fairchild Airforce Base. Many Deputy Sheriffs on patrol observed the sphere of light and were discussing it on the police radio. From where we live, we could hear jets being put in the air with the unmistakable sound of after burners propelling them. Not long after the radio traffic concerning this light began, a deputy reported that the craft was moving off in a south easterly direction and soon afterwards, the shift supervisor for dispatch ordered talk of this incident silenced and they must have switched over to a tac frequency as we heard nothing more about it on the scanner. We fully expected this incident to be on the local news or in the local paper, but found no report had been made public,at least to our knowledge! I am not certain of the year, it may have been earlier or later by a year or two. I would love to find out what went on with this thing! By the way, when I was a kid living in Harrington, my older brother and some friends attempted to explore the old missle base, but too much water in the tunnel leading down stopped us at the corner where the strategic air command symbol was displayed on the wall! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  We have contacted the witness, hoping to receive a more accurate date for the incident.  The witness describes my missile site well, including both the emblem, and the water.  PD));47.6474;-117.5894
3 orbs in Airway Heights.;2012-03-17 20:45:00;40 seconds;3 orbs in Airway Heights. Husband and I were driving home from Spokane to Fairchild Airforce Base on Highway 2. We saw a light heading towards us.  Thinking it was an aircraft or helicopter we turned down the radio and opened the window.  There were no sound or trail as the first fiery orb came passing by. A few seconds after there were 2 other orange orbs following the first in the same direction.  The second orb was more glow like, and the first and third orb were fiery.  They headed from the south west towards north east.  I was unable to take a photograph.;47.6474;-117.5894
