Yard was lit up and a huge blinding bright light shaped like a sphere was moving towards the end of the street.;2016-03-17 05:30:00;10 minutes;Yard was lit up and a huge blinding bright light shaped like a sphere was moving towards the end of the street. I went to bed at or around 11:00 PM.  I have a sliding glass door covered with a white curtain right next to my bed.   I turned off the lights and got into bed and glanced at the sliding glass door.  I noticed that there were lights shining on the lower portion of the curtain. I thought that someone was outside with a flashlight pointing it towards my sliding glass door.  I was alone and so I was too  scared to look out through the glass to see who was out there.  Even though I was scared I went right to sleep.  I woke up at or around 5:30 AM.  The thing that woke me up, was that my left hand was freezing cold.  I wondered how my hand could be so cold when it was under the blankets.  I got up and went to the bathroom and when I got up I saw that the light had grown and that my entire window was now lit up with the light shining towards it.  This scared me more and I didn’t dare look out through the sliding glass door.  By the way, the sliding glass door leads to the back yard and there is no houses behind it and no streets facing that side of the house. I went into the adjacent room and looked out the window.  This window faced the side of the house and just around the corner from it is the back of my house.  The area was lit up as if there was lights on outside.  It was not coming from the next door neighbor’s house because no one lives there and there is no sensor lights on that house.   I then looked out the other window which faces the street.  I saw that it was dark across the street.  The lights on the house across the street were turned on as if they were up getting ready for work.  The houses next to that house were dark.  The house that had the lights on did not have a lit up yard as I did, the yard was lit but dim.   I then saw a light shining towards my house from the street and it looked like a car was coming.  I turned to see who it was and I saw a round light that was probably 6-8 feet diameter travelling toward the cul-de-sac.  The light was about 5 feet or so off of the ground and was so bright that it was blinding.   I waited for it to pass because I wanted to see what kind of truck it was.  When it passed my house, it disappeared.  At the same time the lights in the yard went out and it became dark.  I was left dumb founded and I couldn’t figure out if it disappeared because I was so blinded by the light or if it a new kind of truck with only one light. I couldn’t go back to sleep and nor could I make sense of what happened.  Later that day I asked the neighbors if they saw anything.  No one saw a thing and they all suggested that it might have been a UFO.   After thinking about it, I concluded that they might be correct.  I thought about it and remembered that UFOs have a lot of energy and concluded that if it was a UFO my Toyota Prius that is electric would have improved gas mileage.  Because my Prius measures mileage continuously, there was a record of mileage on the car.  I looked and saw that my highest mileage ever was 49 miles per gallon.  I took a day trip of 189 miles after this incident and my mileage was recorded at 75 miles per gallon.;38.4016;-120.6571
