I videotaped a square object floating within the tailing end of a storm cloud.;2017-04-05 20:00:00;2 seconds;Around 8 pm, on April 5th, 2017, I videotaped a square object floating within the tailing end of a stormcloud. I was outside Lapine, Alabama, near route 331, when I noticed a lone storm cloud on the northern horizon.  The cloud was slowly moving west to east.  Many cloud-to-cloud lightning bolts were flashing within the cloud, but few cloud to ground bolts were visible.  The lightning bolts were blue-violet in color.  Many low rumblings were coming from the cloud, but few could be connected to a single lightning bolt.  A person watching the cloud with me commented that the lightning activity was both unusually quiet and concentrated within the cloud.  They stopped watching the cloud and went inside before the object became visible.  They also noted that their dogs, normally afraid of lightning, were unusually calm during the storm. I decided to videotape the electrical activity visible in the center of the cloud a few minutes.  After recording the central portion of the cloud, I thought it might be a good idea to record the rear.  The sighting occured during the following seconds. During a fraction of a second a lightning bolt lit up the rear of the cloud.  When it did, what appeared to be the corner profile of a building-sized rectangle appeared.  A second brighter flash illuminated a wider area, revealing more of the object.  The object then disappeared from view.  Between the two flashes, the object appeared to change shape. I recorded more video of the cloud hoping to see the object again, but failed to get any more footage.  Other clouds similar to the first passed by to the south.  Two planes flew in a line southward over the area about 5 to 15 minutes afterwards. A person I know in the area claims that a wifi dongle had to be reset due to activity that night, and/but I can't tell if the object was the cause. I was told that two weather radars were down for maintenance during this time. I have sent screenshots from the video to the email address below, but they aren't very detailed.  I may send frames if I can get a video editing program for my phone. ((NUFORC Note:  We have reviewed the photos that were forwarded by the witness, and we see nothing that is suggestive of UFO activity.  PD));31.9691;-86.2825
