Two fireballs coming from the south and a brilliant white light moving in the east;2012-03-20 19:57:00;19:57 - 20:20;Two fireballs coming from the south and a brilliant white light moving in the east I went out for a walk around 7:40pm, just a leisurely nighttime stroll around my subdivision.  At about 7:50pm I was looking at the horizon when I noticed a faint orange flicker, I’ve seen this a few times in the past year or so.  The fireball was coming from the south southeast and was headed west northwest at a fairly slow rate of speed.  As it drew closer it was steadily getting brighter until it looked like a flaming meteor without a tail.  It continued along this path for about thirty to forty five seconds then it slowly faded out and in until it disappeared.  It didn’t fly so far away that I lost sight of it, it just faded out. About seven minutes later I noticed a very bright stationary object low on the eastern horizon that I thought was Venus. About thirty seconds after that I saw that, another fireball coming from and headed in the same direction as the other fireball. This one flew directly over me so I got a better look at it than the other. When it got directly overhead of me I could tell that it was an orange orb with an orange haze around it, it wasn’t a plane light or anything of the sort. It was of constant brightness, color and definition while above me, it also emitted these cone projections of translucent orange light at random spots around it and, similar to what a pulsar star would look like only it wasn’t spinning. This may explain the flickering it gives off at a distance that makes it look like a candle flame and both were completely silent. After the second orb/fireball faded away like the other I continued my walk. Looking east again I noticed “Venus” was gone.  Then about a minute later it reappeared lower on the horizon and stationary. It was a brilliant white light that glimmered like a flawless diamond would under intense light. I watched it for a few minutes and noticed it started moving out from over the house I used as a point of reference north towards some trees.  It continued along this path until it faded out like the fireballs did.  Also i should add that i saw a police helicopter going east a minute or so before the first fireball appeared.  All in all the whole three experiences lasted a total of about thirty to forty minutes.;38.811;-91.0332
