Objects of light, with a tail falling from the sky, then stopping mid-fall and moving independently around the area unlike an aircraft.;2011-10-21 19:00:00;10-12 Minutes;Objects of light, with a tail falling from the sky, then stopping mid-fall and moving independently around the area unlike an aircraft. I saw the objects as I was driving towards the interstate.  At first there were 4 objects falling from the sky,  that looked most like fireworks.  Each object had a “tail” streaming behind just like a firework that had just exploded in the sky and falling back to Earth.   As I continued to stare, it reminded me more of a comet, especially with the tail and because they were evenly spaced in the sky and falling at the same speed.  They looked more like concentrated balls of light than a firework explosion would.  The objects were higher in the sky but definitely at a very close range.   Suddenly, all at one time, the 4 objects stopped mid air (a short ways above the tree line). The “tail” behind them disappeared, and they were clearly circles of light floating, now not moving at all. Then they started moving side to side, up and down, in all directions. The movement was easy and fluid and when they moved the “tails” reappeared. I’m starring wide eyed, not knowing wha! t to make of what is actually happening, then it really got weird. The objects, together as if perfectly synchronized, moved to an aligned position. It wasn’t a straight line, but more like 3 in a line, then the 4th to the side, like it made a pattern. But the way they moved to this position was the strangest. Each object moved independently, but knew it was going to that particular spot. It reminded me of kids that file into a classroom with assigned seats. It’s as if you could tell they were communicating with each other. It wasn’t a star, and it definitely wasn’t any airplane of any kind. The movement of these objects, the quick speed the floating, the dynamics indicated that it in no way could be an aircraft.  Since I was getting on to the interstate, already in the turning lane, I couldn’t pull over to watch them. But as I drove onto the interstate, they were still there, floating close to the tree line. They were no longer in my line of vision, so there is no telling how long there were really there. My husband was in the car behind me, and saw the same exact thing. My mother was about 7 minutes ahead of me, going in the same direction, and she also saw the same situation. Above the objects in the sky was there was an actual plane. I’m not sure if they were watching the object. But it was there the entire time. I drove up I-459 North, and looking in the direction that I saw the objects (to the right side of the interstate), I thought I saw one of the objects again near the tree line, but I really can’t be sure of that. It was much more difficult to see from that side. There were however, a lot of planes in the sky. Planes that were not commercial airliners headed toward the airp! ort. But they seem to be staying around that same side of the interstate in the same area as the objects. I have never seen anything like this in my entire life, but I know it was definitely not a plane, not any sort of firework, it was not natural.;33.2937000000001;-86.7672000000002
