5 lights, maybe shapes, in a strange alignment, in the western evening sky;2016-10-18 18:15:00;5 minutes;5 lights, maybe shapes, in a strange alignment, in the western evening sky My wife took this picture on 18 Oct, 2016.  She didn’t show it to me until recently. Approximate time: 1815  General direction of travel:  west  There are 5 lights, or bright spots in the picture, to me the two on the left appear to be oval shaped, not sure if that is a result of distortion, or if that is the actual shape of these, objects, or whatever they are. She took the picture with her Samsung S5 smartphone, and I do not know how to get the GPS information, and the rest of the technical information associated with the photo. The picture was taken out of the front windshield of a 2011 Chevy Cruze between Franklin Grove IL, and Oregon IL. Near the corner of Flagg rd. and Daysville rd. About half way between Franklin Grove, and Oregon. My wife is a ((deeted)) for a small local ((deleted--business)), has worked there ((decades)) years,  I am a truck driver for ((name deleted)), formerly ((name deleted)), and have worked for them for ((several)) years.  I am also an aircraft aficionado with a good general knowledge of aircraft and their behavior.  I was a private pilot student, right after high school, with about 30 hours, including my ‘long cross country’ when I stopped lessons.  My neighbor built, and or modified several experimental aircraft in his garage right across the street, including ((deleted)) that they modified for aerobatic flight.  I have also been the passenger for quite a bit of aerobatic flight.  I am quite agnostic as to any alien visitation to earth.  I have driven on the night shift for 10 of my 30 years and have never seen anything in the sky that I couldn’t explain.  These lights, or whatever they are in this picture, I cannot explain, they don’t look like any aircraft, and I don’t think they are! planets or stars. We live approximately 75 miles west of Ohare Airport, so we are familiar with commercial air traffic and their associated landing and anti-collision lights, and generally the flight paths of inbound and outbound commercial air traffic from Ohare and Midway airports.  I don’t think these lights are from aircraft.;42.0121;-89.3482
Bright light shoots at car... time unaccounted for!;2019-04-15 00:00:00;5 minutes;Bright light shoots at car... time unaccounted for! I would like to know if anyone else has seen somthing similar... My step son and I were driving down route 64 in illinois.  All of a sudden we saw a huge bright light coming at us at an unreal speed. We starred at it we had no time to react.  In my head i was telling myself its a car in the wrong lane but somthing was telling me it wasnt.  Then all of a sudden what felt like 2 mins which actually made me late to my destination by tens mins so i know it was longer.  It flew straight at us and ten mins later I was still driving straight down 64 didn't crash but had no idea what we had been doing or where we were at for ten mins.  There is ten mins unaccounted for!  I know this for a fact!!  Where did we go... how did i drive straight with no recelection of ten mins of my time.  I had not drank any booze or took any drugs!  Now when I look in the sky or drive at night it creeps me out!  I didnt see any metal objects or little green men but I know what I did see and it wasn't are military!  I cannot account for that time!  And I still cant look at the sky at night for long periods of time.  I didn't feel like anything hurt me at all.  Oh and it was 100 percent completely quiet not one sound!;42.0121;-89.3482
