Saucer like object seen at night.;2009-06-29 23:50:00;23:50- 0:05;Saucer like object seen at night. I was leaving my friends house at roughly 11:50 pm on Monday the 29th. I said good-bye and walked to my car. Right before I got to my car I saw a light pretty much right above me at a angle. I stopped to see what it was. At first all I saw were the lights. There were two or three dots of light. The colors were red and blue. I stared at the object for a few seconds and then I saw the shape of it. It was like a Frisbee shaped object that was right above me. It started to move from side to side. I could tell that this was not an airplane or a helicopter right away.  It was fairly large at that time right above me. I ran back to the house and got my friend. When he came out the object moved towards the mountains a little bit and looked further away but was still fairly large. It was approximately the size of a quarter, maybe a little bigger. We watched it move from side to side quickly. It moved very fast.  The object then after a few minuets took off down the sky line at very fast speeds. It took a straight path down to the mountain line near his place. The object then stopped and proceeded to move in strange ways. It moved around the sky at high speeds that of which an aircraft could not do. My friend then ran back into the house to get his brother.  When his brother came out of the house the object moved around a bit more and slowly seemed to almost fade away, like turning invisible.  This object when it was over me made no sounds at all. It made no sounds when it moved around. I know what satellites, airplanes, helicopters and shooting stars look like and this was neither of them. When the object was over me I could make out the figure of the object, and what the bottom portion of it looked like. It was metal and had an odd shaped bottom. What we saw the other night was unlike anything I have ever seen before. I didn’t really believe in UFO’S etc but after seeing that I don’t know anymore. All I know was that it was something strange. We watched the sky for about 30 minuets after the object had disappeared but saw nothing else. What this object did was physically impossible for any other aircraft to do. We think that this is either a top secret aircraft of some sort, or something else we might not have been meant to see. There are no military bases or anything near us for probably hundreds of kilometers. Nothing else can explain what this was. I feel crazy to have even seen something like this and I’m sure no one will really believe this but I thought I might at least write somebody to just report what the three of us saw and hope to get an answer back.;49.4632;-117.5278
