Suddenly, the object started to move quite quickly in short abrupt movements back and forth.;2000-08-19 08:30:00;45 seconds;Suddenly, the object started to move quite quickly in short abrupt movements back and forth. 			EVENT ON 8/19/2000 @ approx. 8:30 am As I began my ride that Saturday morning, I decided to turn right and head up towards the small hills just North of me.  After going around the new home construction, the road turned left into Baxter Road and headed west towards the 15 freeway.   While traveling down Baxter Road approaching the 15 overpass, I noticed an object in the sky due North of my location.  I began to observe it trying to figure out exactly what it might be.  The most obvious to me was some kind of new kite? since I could not make out any contours or distinct edges.  It was dark, almost black, oval with what appeared to be a very short, wide tail. I continued to observe it for another 10-15 seconds or so wondering where the person was and trying to make out the string.   Suddenly, the object started to move quite quickly in short abrupt movements back and forth (possibly in a triangular shape?).  My thoughts went to that there was possibly two strings attached which could pull it in different directions.   As I strained to see the strings attached, the object suddenly, and without warning accelerated away from me to the southeast.  It accelerated so quickly that it turned into a blur and disappeared into thin air.  In trying to follow its movement, I turned while standing on my bicycle and ended up on the other side of the road as a result of my left arm overcompensating to my abrupt turn to the right.  I stopped and placed my foot on the ground turning completely around so that I might be able to bring it back into vision.  However, the object was completely gone from my view and could not be found anywhere in the sky. At that point, I realized what I had possibly witnessed and I continued to search for it in the sky.  I began to realize that the reason I couldn’t see any distinct edges was that the object was actually quite far from me.  That probably was also the reason why I didn’t hear anything (over the freeway noise).  Finally I got back onto my bicycle and continued my ride wondering if what I had just witnessed had been for real.  No matter how hard I tried to dismiss it, I kept on realizing that I HAD indeed witnessed something extraordinary, something that could in fact change the way I viewed things for the rest of my life. I am a 41 year old male with an electrical engineering degree currently employed in my field.  Married with three children, with interests in outdoor activities.  I did not have any previous experiences nor did I have any concrete belief's in UFO's...until now. ((NUFORC Note:  We invite the reader to compare the description here with what was reported over the Rhode Island shoreline at 2030 hrs. on 22JN00 by a commercial pilot.  The objects witnessed by the two respective observers seem quite similar.  PD));33.6056;-117.2662
