a ball of light that looked like a metor then broke into three objects ((NUFORC Note:  Suspected parachute jumpers. PD));2011-01-06 19:15:00;2 1/2 -3 min;a ball of light that looked like a metor then broke into three objects then floated and rotated around each other then disapeared At 7:30 pm on January 6, 2011 we ran outside and saw an object that looked like a meteor. It was going west and it was at a 45 degree off of the horizon. At first it looked like a decent sized meteor with a long tail that was a light orange kind of yellow and white it, was traveling threw the sky when it split into three equal pieces. They then kept descending but then they just stopped. They just hovered in the sky for about ten seconds then they started rotating as if they were rotating around something that went on for about twenty seconds, but there was nothing. Then they stopped and moved down again and just disappeared. They didn’t fizz out or die out they just disappeared. The whole thing went really slow. In total it happened for about 2 or 3 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Suspected parachute jumpers. PD));33.6056;-117.2662
A falling large fireball that broke into 3 hovering pieces before vanishing.  ((NUFORC Note:  Suspected parachute jumpers. PD));2011-01-06 19:20:00;45 to 60 seconds;Witnessed a falling large fireball that broke into three hovering pieces before vanishing Tuesday night 1/6/11.  7:20 PM. ((NUFORC Note:  Suspected parachute jumpers. PD)) 1/6/11 Wildomar, Ca. Approx .   7:20 PM  I was setting in my living room watching TV.  My chair faces the house front windows—drapes were open—and I noticed a fireball falling in the night sky.  I have windows running floor to ceiling in the front of my house.   I jumped up to run out the front door to get a better look—and yelled for my 14 year old daughter and her two friends to come out and look with me.    All 4 of us witnessed what appeared to be a fireball meteor falling from overhead due west. We all saw the object as it was about 45 degree angle from the horizon.  My house faces due west –and faces Lake Elsinore.    My house sets on a hillside about 2300 ft elevation.   The night sky was very clear and you could see the stars.   Earlier in the evening I noticed the moon was a small crescent sliver—but had already dropped below the horizon at the time of this sighting.   As the 4 of us continued to observe the falling object—I mentioned to the girls that it may be a meteor or a falling satellite—it appeared to falling directly over Lake elsinore—and falling straight down.  I first caught view of the object as it appeared to be about 45 degrees angle.  As the object continued falling—at about 30 degrees—the object split into 3 pieces.  I expected it to then fizzle out—but the three pieces then stopped in mid air—at about 25 degrees angle and hovered.   The pieces did not exhibit the fireball appearance –they were each a bright white light  and seemed to move indepe! ndent of each other—but all three setting on the same level—but lightly moving up and down relative to each other.   They them began a slow movement to the left—or a south direction.  As they continued to move towards the left  I lost sight of them behind a large tree in the yard across the street.  As I moved to the other side of my drive way to get a view from the other side of the tree—they had vanished.    The original fireball size appeared to be about 1/4th the size of the moon—if it were setting in that part of the sky ( the moon had already dropped below the horizon).  The three separate pieces looked to be a size if you were to break the original fireball into three pieces.  As the three pieces set hovering—they appeared to be in size –all three together—left to right—about the width of the moon.    The time duration of the event was probably about 45  seconds from when I first saw the object to when it split into three pieces—and then another 30 seconds watching t! he three pieces hovering, moving to the left, then vanishing. ! About 75 seconds in all.   My first reaction on seeing the fireball was that it was a large meteor or a falling satellite as there appeared to be quite a bit of debris coming off of the object and training behind it.  But—when it split into three pieces that hovered for a period of time—I became curious as to what it really was.   My daughter was able to get about 10 seconds of video of the object  on her EVO phone.  Her friend got 4 still photos on her cell phone.;33.6056;-117.2662
Large ball of glowing light with glittering tail breaks into three pieces, hovers in mid air and then vanishes without a trace.;2011-01-06 19:25:00;2 minutes;Large ball of glowing light with glittering tail breaks into three pieces, hovers in mid air and then vanishes without a trace. At about 7:25 pm on January 6, 2011, my dad looked out of our living room window and shouted for us to run outside.  I immediately looked at where he was pointing and saw what I originally thought was a very large meteor at about a 45 degree angle from where I stood outside on my side yard.  It was glowing immensely with white light and had a rather long tail composed of what my friends I thought looked like bits and pieces of flaming glitter. It was lightly bumpy, form what I could see, and had a white/yellow light radiating around it.   We all stormed outside and gazed up, marveling the spectacular glow. It was west in direction, traveling in a downward motion, much like a meteor.  The size was very large, about 1/5 of the moon (compared to how we see it in the sky).  The sphere traveled down for a good 20-25 seconds then broke into three equal pieces of glowing ball.  It continued to fall for 2-3 more seconds then abruptly stopped in mid air and hovered.  It just hovered there in the sky then began to rotate in a circle formation for a good 10-15 seconds.  The rotating was like the planets rotating around the sun, without the sun.  It hovered for about 25-30 seconds.  I then ran into my house to grab my cell phone to see if I may catch it on my camera then ran outside and began to film.  As soon as my camera picked up about 4 seconds of three hovering lights, it moved downward very slowly and began to head south, then vanished into thin air.  It did not disintegrate or break apart it vanished, like a magician in movies.   We looked and looked to see if maybe it hid behind a cloud or tree, but after a few minutes of looking, we knew it had gone for good. The whole event lasted about 1 and a half to 2 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Suspected parachute jumpers. PD));33.6056;-117.2662
A glowing sphere fell from the sky. split into 3 pieces, hovered i mid air for quite a while, then suddenly vanished;2011-01-06 19:30:00;2;A glowing sphere fell from the sky. split into 3 pieces, hovered i mid air for quite a while, then suddenly vanished On Thursday, January 6, 2011, at approximately 7:30pm we were sitting in my friend’s living room watching TV when her dad exclaimed there was a meteor outside so we all quickly ran outside and I observed a fairly large bright, white ball of fire, maybe about 1/5 of the size of the moon (the moon was not in the sky at the time), with a short, fiery tail of glittering matter trailing behind it. It was located about 45 degrees from the horizon in the west from our perspective.  It continued to fall slowly downward in the sky as a whole for about 20 seconds.  Then it suddenly split into 3 equally sized fiery balls and continued to fall at a slightly slower rate for about 15 seconds, when all 3 objects simultaneously stopped falling, the bright spheres where still as bright as before. They continued to hover in the middle of the sky and moved slightly to the left but did not move downward at all. Then they slowly started to revolve around in a horizontal circle. They only circled for about 7 seconds then stopped and continued to hover in the same spot. Then the 3 floating objects appeared to be moving backwards, away from us, slightly. Suddenly, one by one, all 3 balls quickly vanished into thin air, almost as if they zoomed off into the clouds extremely fast. They did not dissolve slowly or fade away, they abruptly disappeared into the night sky.  I would say the bright objects hovered in the sky for a total time of at least 1 minute.  The whole experience from start to finish lasted about 2 minutes. I did take 4 pictures with the camera on my cell phone.  I took one picture while the fiery ball was falling as one whole, another after the object split into 3 pieces, one more when the 3 spheres where revolving in a circle, and a last just after the objects vanished into the night. ((NUFORC Note:  Suspected parachute jumpers. PD));33.6056;-117.2662
