My father and I were coming back from a day of fishing and hunting on a lake NW of Cold Lake. It was approx., 9:30 at night, dark. We w;1979-09-15 21:30:00;45 minutes;My father and I were coming back from a day of fishing and hunting on a lake NW of Cold Lake. It was approx., 9:30 at night, dark.  We were in the middle of the lake when we saw 3 large discs, red and yellow in color. They were about 500 feet above us and did not make a sound, as we shut off the boat motor, thinking they were helicopters. No sound.  They hovered over us for about 15 minutes and then two of them went straight up turned 90 degrees, went around the one still hovering and then stopped. After watching for about another 10 minutes, we decided we had better get back to our camp.  The discs followed hovering above us. Once back at our camp, the discs went straight up until they were about the size of quarters. They then came straight down.  They seemed to come down in a clearing about a thousand yards away, as we could see the lights through the trees. This un-nerved us to the point were we sat outside our camper with our guns ready, watching the lights to see what may happen next. After about ten minutes, all three discs lifted straight up from the trees and once above the trees, went 90 degrees to the left and then went straight up until they disappeared from view.  The speed they left was amazing, faster than any jet I have seen. We waited another 5 minutes to see if they would come back, but they did not. We talked about what we saw and when we got home, my father contacted colleagues back at the Cold Lake Air Force Base to see if any flights, weather balloons, or any other objects were in the area about that time of night. Nothing was reported. After that, we didn't discuss with each other, or anyone else. About 20 years later, I asked my father about the incident and we agreed on what we saw that night.  He also mentioned that he didn't discuss the incident, as it had un-nerved him, as it was nothing he had ever encountered. I have not seen anything like that before, or since. I have to believe they were some sort of UFO, as the type of vehicles we encountered have not been developed by anyone that I am aware of. The most amazing thing that I have ever encountered.;54.4502;-110.2017
