Strange lights;1973-04-15 21:30:00;3hrs;Strange Lights Indeed  Upon returning home on a beautiful spring evening, in the approximate year of 1973, rounding the corner to my country abode I saw 3 lights above the forest. It was evident that these lights were round in shape. The time was approximately 9:30pm - it was dark by now. The colour emanating from them was like bright headlights, white with a slight yellow hue, yet they were above the trees. I am a mother of 6 children and of sound mind and character. I don’t make stuff up. I live near a very large, deep and pristine lake in NE Alberta, Canada.  My home is nestled in a forested area adjacent to one of the many bays of this lake, named Cold Lake. To the west of my home, approximately 4 miles, is the largest jet fighter Air Force Base in Canada. I am very used to and familiar with seeing and hearing these jet aircraft on a regular basis. What I witnessed this night was very different. After a few minutes of gazing upon this anomaly, one of the lights sped away in a westward direction. Its take-off or acceleration was like nothing I had ever seen in a conventional aircraft, jet, helicopter, prop-plane, whatever.  One could compare its take-off to the release of an arrow from a bow.  Also, there was absolutely no sound. I would estimate their distance away from me at ½ mile or less. This left 2 lights still in place above the trees. Given the estimate of ½ mile distance away, the actual size of the lights would likely be somewhat larger than virtual headlights. No structure, definition or appendage to the lights was visibly evident it was a dark night. Upon my arrival home, one block from my initial visual, my son, very excited, asked if I had noticed the lights above the trees over there? I responded with, “yes, of course! We discussed the matter briefly, including the one that got away and decided to investigate further. The lights were hovering over a marshy area. The water was lit up due to the proximity of these lights emitting upon it. The light would pulsate seemingly on a timed or regular basis. It is important to note that there are no roads where these lights appeared the only road is the one to my house. I state this so that no one will have notions that they were motor vehicles how could they be?  At the time of this sighting we had 5 dogs. Don’t ask why, we just did. As the light decreased from full intensity to zero light or pulsated from normal to no light, the dog’s hair would stand straight up on their backs and they would bark, acting erratic in nature. When the light returned to normal the dog’s behaviour did too. I said that my son and I were going to investigate further and so we did.  At approximately 10:00pm we decided to drive around to the top of a nearby knoll hoping to get a better view.  The lights were still visible but somehow appeared to have moved to a more distant location.  We watched them (the 2 remaining lights) for about 10 minutes and then decided to go home.  Upon attempting to start the car it was discovered that it was unable to turn over it was dead, so-to-speak - very uncharacteristic of this vehicle because the battery was new and maintained regularly.  We supposed that somehow these lights had an effect on the operation of our car.  So, we had to walk home. As the evening progressed we would periodically look outside to see if the lights were still present.  It was midnight when we finally went to bed and the lights continued in place. I must say that the whole experience gave me what I would define as a spooky or unnerving sense of emotion. We returned to our car the next morning it started without incident. Strangely enough, I spoke to a neighbour about this event.  Earlier in the evening, at about 7pm, he was travelling to his home and witnessed a light or lights travel immediately over his car at a high rate of speed.  Perhaps these lights were related or of the same group. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));54.4502;-110.2017
Large Manoeuvring Light which quickly accelerated out of sight;1998-07-26 00:00:00;2 mins;Large Manoeuvring Light which quickly accelerated out of sight Took Dog to lake for a swim, wife in Tow. At about six inches (at arms length) above the N.E. Horizon N54 28 30  W110 16 06 observed a large Bright Light travelling N.W. it's speed varied somewhat, then stopped, changed direction and proceeded out of sight quickly, becoming smaller until it was completely gone. this all happened within 2 minutes. I hold a Private pilots licence with a Night rating/endorsement and can comfortably state, It wasn't an aircraft, Boy's!;54.4502;-110.2017
bright light silently travelling from north to east various altitude.;2002-07-11 00:01:00;06 min;bright light silently travelling from north to east various altitude. Star close to straight North. About 5 degrees east of it, same magnitude, a light started to move east initialy level and then climbing.  originated approx 50 degrees from horizon.  at approximately 20 degrees east from initial position, still in a climb, light faded away only to reappear another 10 degres heading east.  Some heading change(apparently up and down), continued moving east and then slowly faded away still heading east apparently climbing.  Obsrved by a student pilot, a AEC officer in CAF for 20 years and a graphic artist, also scout leader used to sky observations.  the light finally faded approximately 20 degrees east from initial positon at about 60 degrees from horison.  No sound accompanied this phenomena.bright light traveling ((NUFORC Note:  Based on the observers' experience, we suspect that the report is quite credible.  The object probably was not a satellite if, in fact, it was in sight for approximately 6 minutes.  Almost certainly, a satellite would not be visible in the night sky for that long.  Please see other reports for this time and date.  PD));54.4502;-110.2017
It looked like a star and the it started to move all over the place, and eventually went so high up I couldn't see it anymore.;2004-05-27 23:00:00;10 minutes;It looked like a star and the it started to move all over the place, and eventually went so high up I couldn't see it anymore. I was sitting on my deck and I noticed that a star was moving.  At first i thought it was a shooting star but it was moving too slow, then I thought it was a plane or a helicopter, but it was too high.  It then started to swerve all over the place and then slowly faded as if it was moving higher upwards until I couldn't see it anymore. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));54.4502;-110.2017
Gold  color slow moving star no noise over CFB Cold Lake;2010-02-15 06:05:00;5 min;Gold  color slow moving star no noise over CFB Cold Lake Walking to work this morning at CFB Cold Lake and looked up and seen a slowly moving star coming from the South West 1000 meters high and gold in Color.  Observed it change course to head from over CFB Cold Lake to overhead of Grand Center Cold Lake and head out of sight heading North East.  Got to work and there is no aircraft activity here on the base yet this morning.;54.4502;-110.2017
Bright orange light changes direction abruptly.;2014-07-26 00:04:00;30-60 seconds;Bright orange light changes direction abruptly. My family and a couple of friends where enjoying a fire in the back yard.  (6 witnesses) At approx 12:00 my nephew pointed high in the east sky and asked what is that.  We all looked. It was a very bright orange light moving very similar to a satellite, but unusually bright, About 5 times brighter than the ISS. About 20 seconds of watching it go west, at approx imately directly overhead, it changed its heading to 90 degrees and moved south, without slowing down. Moving south after about 15 seconds it started to dim and finally faded completely out about 20 degrees above our tree line, also very similar to a satellite. If it wasn’t for the 90 degree turn, I would have thought it was the ISS with just the right angle. I’ve witnessed and identified ISS over 100 times since the early 2000’s.  This was way too bright.;54.4502;-110.2017
