Like a garbage can lid with a piece of watermelon on top hovering over the road. ((NUFORC Note:  Report from Francis Ridge.  PD));1970-08-30 11:00:00;90 seconds;&quotlike a garbage can lid with a piece of watermelon on top&quot, hovering over the road. The incident involved a man and his wife and seven-year-old daughter.  It occurred east of Vincennes, in a subdivision area.  The primary witness (who we will refer to as Mr. W, a good friend and neighbor of my brother Steven), was in the process of packing for a trip.  He was interrupted by his daughter who claimed she saw a strange object in the sky. Mr. W and his wife went outside and saw the object, as well.  He re-entered the house to get his 7x50 binoculars, and when he emerged, the object was now much closer.  He described it as a metallic, disc-shaped craft, and like a garbage can lid with a piece of watermelon on top, hovering over Wheatland Road.  The estimated size was 30' in diameter.  The witnesses also stated emphatically that someone else MUST have seen it, also. They had to, it was so low.  At the end of the 90 second period of observation the object finally dived and arced out of sight behind a tree line.  Estimated range: 1-4 miles.;38.6717;-87.5128000000001
Red and white lights in passing, unlit and rapid tracing of an object returning.;2015-09-15 03:15:00;10 minutes;Red and white lights in passing, unlit and rapid tracing of an object returning. I was standing out back as usual just taking a break from care planning to get some fresh air and love star gazing when I noticed a red and white light that I thought was simply the abrupt, flashing of a passing airplane.  However, something about the pattern seemed more controlled, deliberate, and smooth.  It moved even slower across the night sky than what you would see normally with an airplane.  There wasn’t any real consistency about the way it moved though.  It wasn’t moving in a straight line.   I continued to observe it go by until I could no longer see it past my house’s roof top.  This lasted for about 9 or so minutes.  It was just a few minutes later that an unlit object moved rapidly back from exactly the direction I had just seen the lit object disappear to go right back to where I first noticed the prior object before vanishing.  I don’t know if it was the same object or a different one, but I saw two totally separate events happen just moments apart. I know this needed to be shared.  I sought out somewhere to do so, and as much thought as I’ve put into trying to make sense of something so seemingly simple, I know what I saw wasn’t of this world.;38.6717;-87.5128000000001
