Light Signals to music. Ship. Creature.;2012-06-25 00:00:00;40 minutes;Light Signals to music. Ship. Creature. June 24 I had a feeling in my mind and body that I was seeing something that night. I tried explaining the feeling to my bestfriend... I told her that I'd show her what I had contact with 4 years ago. Something in me told me that I had to take her home, so I did. After I get home, I sit in my backyard until my other friend and his two friends come over. He also had contact with these ships 4 years ago. I can't explain it but once he got there, I give it 15 minutes. We see a triangle craft flashing lights at us TO MY MUSIC that was playing on my phone! I was lost in thought! I was going to take a picture but It moved away from sight. We decided to go to the spot 5 minutes from my house to be in the middle of nowhere to check the skies. We park beside a field of corn stock and the ship comes. But it moves across the sky slow. We get into the car to get closer, but it begins to leave. I stop the driver and I get out. It appears in another location, MAYBE over t! he Mississippi river. It sat there and opened the bottom hatch and a BEAM OF LIGHT shots down to the ground below it!!!! It slowly moves after that and another ship appears on the opposite side and they are slowly moving towards one another. Then they stop and flash red lights at us... Like it was a warning of some sort. Distracting us the whole time, we did not notice that they dropped something and whatever it was, IT CAME CLOSE TO US! Me and one other HEARD THE GROWL like noise. I looked in the tall field of corn and on top of that there was a white orb being followed by a red one, on ground level! It was maybe two car lenghts away from us. We left because of the growl and There is more, but it's strange signs. I have a feeling I will see more tonight. I don't know what to do, and there isn't really anyone to speak to about it because NOBODY will believe anything like this. I'm not saying that I've been followed for years but every 4 years something has happened. 8 years! ago i was abducted. 4 years ago i had my first ufo sky event.! this ye ar, i got very close to something they released. I'm afraid and I'm not sleeping. I hope you believe this.;34.9632;-90.1211
