In Midvale, Utah in the early morning;1994-01-14 07:10:00;1 min;In Midvale, Utah in the early morning I woke up to leave a sleep over with my friend.  We were waiting on the steps of another friends house and I pointed at a star.  The reason I noticed the star was that it was a really bright star and I had not noticed it before.  Seconds after I had pointed at the star it had turned into a saucer shaped object.  It took me a second to take in the infomation I had just seen.  It was a small flying object with lots of little colorful lights.  Within seconds fire was shooting out of the bottom of the saucer propelling it upward.  I had seen a lot of UFO television shows and I ran like hell for the house because of fear.  That was the last I had seen of the object.  My friend remained to watch it, but I cannot recall what he said.  I have seen or heard nothing of it since. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.6124;-111.8832
Multiple craft flying around in sporadic and synced path following chem trail.;2014-07-13 13:45:00;10 minutes;multiple craft flying around in sporadic and synced path following chem trail Approx Around 13:45 to 14:09 mountain time, I was washing my son in bath, I had stood up to get bath soap from the window and just happened to look out the window.  I noticed a chem trail being sprayed by plane and noticed below the trail shiny things in the air. So the plane had traveled and they were slowly following the path of the chem trail, but they would almost stop and fly around and around then move towards the plane or almost trying to catch up to it but taking their time. I know they were NOT birds because when they would change direction and altitude the different angles would hit the sun, causing them to reflect light or what light you'd expect from the sun, like a mirror.  So they seemed to be metal..actual material unknown. I had gotten excited so I ran downstairs and pointed it to my wife, 4 confirmed if she can or did see them and she said yes, I do see them.  There were about 9-16 or so, definitely more then ten (10), they all would fly around in circles following the east/southward path. They were hard to follow when going from upstairs to downstairs and back up again since that far away they'd blend in with the sky. I don't know exact altitude I'd guess 2 or 3 k feet up…;40.6124;-111.8832
