Strange objects in the night sky over Midvale (Salt Lake City), Utah;2006-08-17 22:05:00;40 minutes;Strange objects in the night sky over Midvale (Salt Lake City), Utah August 17th, 2006 -- a few minutes after 22:00 MST  This was at night, no moon, slightly hazy but the stars could be seen pretty well.  I was sitting outside of my house in Midvale (Salt Lake City) Utah having a cigarette.  After casually gazing at the southern sky for a few minutes I started noticing objects appearing from the east.  My first impression was that it was a flock of white birds, illuminated by the city lights, flying to the west.  But then they formed into a perfect triangle, changed course slightly, and traveled west then disappeared into the sky.  Frankly, I thought I was just seeing things or they were in fact a flock of birds.  Another wave of these white objects then appeared, formed into 3 triangles, then headed to the west.  At this point, I was convinced I was seeing UFOs.  I am 30 years old and have never dreamed that I would witness something so strange in the night sky.  Then I started seeing other types of objects.  They were very big objects that looked liked grey clouds, but they all had sharp edges and were with the same exact shape, these flew side by side and headed of towards the western sky.  They started coming wave after wave, mostly the white objects that were sometimes accompanied by the much larger grey objects.  At this point I was getting quite scared and simply could not believe what I was seeing.  Then I saw a group of red orbs that formed into a cluster ball, this was surrounded by some kind of light that resembled a corona or aura.  This headed in a slightly different direction but still slowly to the west.  When it traveled, it passed behind my neighbors house, then reappeared on the other side then faded after it traveled for a bit.  I was already stunned by witnessing the previous objects, but this one just blew me away.  After that happened there was nothing in the sky for a few minutes, then the waves of the white and grey objects passed close overhead.  This went stop and go and the entire experience lasted around 40 minutes.  During the time I was on the phone with my girlfriend and brother describing what I was seeing and was astounded to say the least.  I have always been a skeptic.  I don't believe in ghosts, voodoo, psychics and such things.  I have always had doubts about UFOs, but I always believed they could be possible.  I never thought that in my life I would see something like this and hopefully I will always remember.  This could not have been anything man made.  The way the objects were moving in the sky almost looked like they were alive.  They were completely silent as they grouped up in formation and flew towards the west.  It is hard to say how far the objects were considering that I have no idea what they were.  All of the objects were kind of faint, but you could still make them out because of their movement.  One of the white object clusters blinked several times then disappeared.  I sincerely hope somebody confirms this event, it was awesome and I would like to compare sightings.  I called FOX news to see if anyone else reported, but they said no.  I made this call at 23:15 MST.;40.6124;-111.8832
At 20:00 hrs (8:00 mst just to be sure on time accuracy), I was told by wife to go get gas in her vehicle. I came upon the stop sign co;2014-01-27 20:15:00;5 plus sec;At 20:00 hrs (8:00 mst just to be sure on time accuracy), I was told by wife to go get gas in her vehicle.  I came upon the stop sign coming out of our area,  I noticed lights, I'm always looking up I've seen cool things so I'm always looking up. I only noticed it because there is construction going on across from the stop sign, but they have massive lights there, it reflected from the bottom of the craft.  Once out of reflective range I still saw it and followed it with my eyes.  It is so hard to explain, it was going so slow but it was going fast at the same time.  It had to be less than 1.5 - 2.5 k feet up.  It was absolutely super quiet. I didn't see heat source, I didn't hear mechanical movements or propellers. It was my first, I yelled, I see you!  I NEVER saw night or flight lights, it just blended into the sky, I hope I've explained it well enough for others to understand,  I am a sober mined late 30's man whom knows the difference from commercia! l planes.  Unless , as my mind must be open minded to a possibility it could be a drone, but I say NO, it just was so quiet, and I know this again I had my head out the window when it all happened, I was spitting out the window.;40.6124;-111.8832
5-6 blue transparent lights membrane or wing coneccting them all moved very quickly from ground up outside kitchen window;2015-07-21 01:27:00;2-3 seconds;5-6 blue transperent lights membrane or wing coneccting them all moved very quickly from ground up outside kitchen window Walked upstairs looked out my kitchen window and saw 5-6 small deep blue lights with a lighter transparent blue wing or membrane attaching them all together right outside the window it came from the ground up and very quickly flashed in front of the window.  No sound or anything definitely not a reflection from any electronics or car lights I'm shocked from seeing this I have no idea what it could be I have never seen anything like it;40.6124;-111.8832
