We were heading west on the North Bend to Fall City Road. (203?) There were two parallel primary bright objects with multiple bright ob;1997-11-14 21:15:00;2 minutes;We were heading west on the North Bend to Fall City Road. (203?) There were two parallel primary bright objects with multiple bright objects following, much like one would expect of a comet or a shooting fireworks display. The tails were reddish in color extending quite far behind and again moving parallel. Low on the horizon the tails were perhaps the width of my palm (4) at arms length. The tails seemed to get shorter as the objects moved toward us. The objects were moving very slow, about the speed of a plane about to land, from a West-Southwest to a East Northeast direction. It seemed to come over Tiger or Cougar Mountain and disappear just to the north of Mt. Si.  They started very low on the horizon and moved up and over my shoulder. I had the distinct impression that I was watching something burning up.  My comment was it looks like a sattelight breaking apart and burning up, but again it was very low on the horizon. The tail was reddish but gave the feel of a headlight piercing fog.  However the sky was exceptionally clear. Observer(s): Male 48, Female 45, two children 13 and 11. Both my wife and I have college degrees with post graduate work. However no navigational or flight experience. Hope it helps ((Name deleted));47.5291;-121.8231
Two fast moving UFO's moving west to east 25 miles east of Seattle;2012-09-11 22:50:00;30 seconds;Two fast moving UFO's moving west to east 25 miles east of Seattle September 11, 2012  Snoqualmie, Washington,  25 miles east of Seattle 10:50 PM PDT  Dark night with no clouds evident.  Excellent visbility.   House located in the Snoqualmie Ridge area at 953 feet AGL.  Reasonably clear view of night sky with some obstruction from house and green belt located to the East of my home.   Was on my patio watching the night sky.  Observed two jetliners on an approach to the Seattle TCA flying from east to west with navigation lights evident and able to clearly hear them pass over the house.   At 10:50 I observed two objects moving in tandem at a high rate of speed headed west to east in a slightly descending trajectory.  Unable to tell how far away they were but it appeared they were at an altitude much higher than the traffic pattern for the commercial jets.  They were illuminated but it appeared to be reflected light as there were no lights or beacons on the objects.  I at first thought they were two meteorites that had broken apart and were going to burn up but as I observed them, they appeared to deviate from a straight course! and turned about twenty degrees to the south in tandem.  I lost sight of them as they went behind the green belt behind my home.   I am a private pilot and a pretty good judge of military hardware.  I did not see anything that would indicate that these were conventional military craft and I did not hear any sound as they passed.;47.5291;-121.8231
