Possible abduction.;2011-07-07 00:30:00;2 hours;Possible abduction. Dear Mr Davenport,   Missing time on July 1st, was something I won't forget, sitting on my front porch with husband at 7:45 pm, listening to music, hanging out.  Next thing we know we are in bed, we remember NOTHING. No memory, nothing.  Not even sure how we made it inside the house, everything was still on, stereo, TV, lights and the door was unlocked, which is not something we do.  I woke at 2:45 am totally confused, feeling all warped and the fear, fear very strong, but wasn't sure why.I was naked,  I do not sleep naked, EVER. This was not the norm for me. When I woke, I had the most intense pain in my neck, shooting through my upper back and up through my head.  I reached around with my left hand to hold my neck and there is a bubble of sorts and it was very painful to touch.  I could not lay there as it hurt so bad, so I sat up, and became so nauseous, dizzy and still confused.  I got up, holding my head, as the pain was incredible.  Got my bearings and walked to the bathroom which is just out the master bedroom door, and I looked in the mirror, and saw not me, but a warped me, as in, I could see me, but I didn't recognize the person staring back at me. I suddenly was overcome with even more dizziness and nausea,  I turned, and vomited like crazy for the next cpl hours.  My husband WOULD NOT wake up. I finally crawled back in bed 5 am after I went downstairs and locked the house, turned off the lights and was still very confused as to what happened.  My husband woke at 5 am, to feel the same way, only not vomiting, but very confused too, and not sure how or when we went to bed the night before. He is still VERY unsure what happened!   the whole next week I was terrified. beyond fearful.  I could not even go upstairs by myself to use restroom, take a shower alone in the house, NOTHING, I was so afraid.  We saw nothing, there is a void and it is eerie.  There is a feeling of being watched constantly. Thursday July 7th, again, I was sitting alone in living room, watching TV, and I was overcome by fear, I felt something was watching me again, I got very scared, (not like me at all) I sat there a few minutes only to hear a strange noise, not something I could identify, but I felt it from the upstairs, and I ran out of my house and to my neighbors house, I was scared again.  My husband was at work, I texted him to tell him I had a melt down and needed him.  He came home about 20 minutes later.  We sat and talked a bit, I calmed down, sorta.  Then we proceeded to bed to sleep. @ 11:30 pm.  I tossed and turned a bit, was very restless. It started at 0:30 am for me.  I was awake. I was lying in bed with husband, and I could feel fear, beyond fear, it was incredible to feel this way, though not a good way, but none the less, intense. husband rolled over onto his left side to go to sleep, I curled up behind him, and suddenly I could see these lights, little tiny lights, lines, shapes, all different colors, my heart began to race, and in my mind I could see flashes of monsters ugly ones, real strange looking.  I prayed so hard, I was so terrified, and yet I could only pray, husband was no longer awake and wasn't going to wake, I KNEW that. Hubby wouldn't wake up at all,  I was alone in this one. I felt a weird hand on my upper back, it rolled me over, I saw them.  Three of them, two of them were a little smaller, with bits of stringy hair, they were at the foot of my bed, and one was taller, on the right side of me, and felt very powerful no hair, but the eyes, dark, ugly and very hypnotic.  My right hand was forced for better words down to my privates and my left hand was forced onto my chest.  I felt an odd heat coming over my body, and then I was forced to roll onto my left side, my knees were forced to my chest and my hands now forced across my abdomen.  I felt a sensation like never before.  My stomach was moving, literally. like a rolling sensation. I felt a heat between my legs, it was very warm and it was a rod like thing going inside me, a warm liquid came out of it, I could feel it.  Then I was rolled back over onto my back, and the big being had in it's hands a small baby like being, I heard an incredible high pitched noise in my head.  Next ! thing I know I am waking at 5 am, I have an overwhelming sadness, tears coming out of my eyes, I KNOW, I just know I was visited.  A knowing/feeling/sensation that won't leave me.  BUT I am once again at peace, not afraid and no longer nervous, paranoid or anything, I am great actually.  Strange, I do not feel afraid. The next day, my nose, is sore,  It is still painful just to touch the right side of it, NOT sure why, but will be going to a doc to find out. Just and FYI, I have reported several eyewitness accounts to UFO sightings on your website, there were also witnesses, and I have called before due to another case involving my younger son,  I needed help, and was turned away. I want to KNOW what happened, and WHY!  thank you.;47.5291;-121.8231
