Large, Red, Slow Moving Light  In The Sky Above Snoqualmie, WA;2009-07-04 22:15:00;2 minutes;Large, Red, Slow Moving Light  In The Sky Above Snoqualmie, WA RED LIGHT ABOVE SNOQUALMIE, WA  On the 4th of July, 2009, my husband and I went to the Snoqualmie Casino in Snoqualmie, WA.  The casino is located on a hillside with an impressive view of the Snoqualmie Valley.  We drove to the top floor of the parking garage in hopes that we would be able to view the fireworks displays in the valley. We were not disappointed.  We enjoyed the beautiful displays across the Snoqualmie Valley.   We were nearly ready to go home when we noticed a large, red, oval light moving very slowly across the sky.  The light was high in the sky just north of Mt. Si, a mountain in the area that is 3,500 feet high.  We watched the craft move slowly across the sky toward Mt. Si.  The light was not blinking, but was a large, solid red light in the sky.  After watching the object for approximately two minutes, the craft suddenly turned and disappeared. Another couple was standing near us.  They also saw the object.  We began to discuss the large, red, slow moving object in the distant sky.  We all agreed that it was not an airplane, helicopter or fireworks. Excited and amazed, the other couple told us that they had seen the same type of craft the night before, July 3rd, while visiting their son in Sultan, WA.  They had left their son’s home in Sultan and observed two large, red, slow moving objects in the sky.  That night they called their son on a cell phone and he went outside to observe the two red lights in the sky.  They told us that the two lights moved slowly across the sky that night as well. However, they also moved up and down at different times and then disappeared.  This couple was shocked and surprised to see another red object in the sky the very next night. We estimate that the object was 7-8 miles from us at the time we saw it at about 10:15 PM.  It was approximately 3,000 feet high in the sky. Based on the distance away and the size of the object, we are convinced that the craft was incredibly large.  The shape was that of a big circle that had been slightly flattened. The edges of the object were not sharply defined, but somewhat irregular.;47.5291;-121.8231
