Observation of 2 brightly reddish glowing objects in night sky with no sound or discernible  characteristics of familiar aircraft.;2013-08-10 21:50:00;4-6 minutes;Observation of 2 brightly reddish glowing objects in night sky with no sound or discernible  characteristics of familiar aircraft. At 21:50 hours while my wife and I were riding our motorcycle in a southern direction, I noticed in the sky to the east two brightly glowing redish-orange objects one behind the other moving very, very slowly in a northeasterly direction.  Neither objects had blinking lights or any other familiar characteristics of known aircraft.   I immediately pulled off to the right side of the road as we were entering a rural village not more than 30-40 seconds after initially spotting the objects.   I pointed upwards to traffic behind me and oncoming traffic to which a few blinked their lights in acknowledgement.  We observed the objects for approximately 1 to 2 minutes and while doing so did not hear any discernible noise at all coming from the objects.  The objects did not look to be of a very high altitude although a good distance across the horizon from us.  There was a jet with its blinking lights noticeably higher in altitude above the two objects.  After observing the object for approximately 2 minutes, the trailing object moved in very slowly in an easterly direction and seemed to diminish in brightness and intensity until it vanished.   Approx. 30-40 seconds later, the lead object repeated the same actions as the trailing object prior.  This sighting has very, very much sparked our interest into what they may have been, but at the same time has left us with an uneasy and unsettling feeling.  These two objects were glowing with such an intensity without any discernible noise, and did not exhibit any trait or characteristics of any currently known aircraft that we are aware of.   I am a U.S. Army Active Duty Veteran and have been around many forms of military and commercial aircraft and I have never seen anything the likes of these two objects.  We unfortunately were not able to obtain any photos of these objects because our cell phone was in my wife's purse which was in turn inside one of the motorcycle's saddlebags at the time of the sighting.;41.0821;-77.5841
