A group of aliens went into my house and implanted me with a blue sphere, at night.;2009-05-15 00:00:00;lost time;A group of aliens went into my house and implanted me with a blue sphere, at night. This is a personal account of a time when my home, which I am still a current resident, was broken into and I was implanted by a being who I can only describe as a grey reptilian, with something like a small blue marble shaped object. I am going to be as descriptive as I can be, but I do not remember everything and I only have a crude drawing to depict some of what had happened. I was laying down in bed, on a mattress on the carpeted floor. In my room there was a home gym, an entertainment center with a television and a DVD player. I witnessed very bright lights outside of my bedroom window, and when I got up to see what was going on, they were unlocking the back door, the sliding glass door, when I retreated to my bedroom and locked the door. I then heard voices speaking to my in English telling me to make it not be so much of a struggle and give up peacefully.  Also, the object knocked out the electricity to my house. A being that was tall, and slim, and had what appeared to be grey skin entered into my room accompanied by at least one who is very short, something like up to my thighs (I am six feet tall), I immediately felt as though I was tranquilized and fell back onto the bed. I awoke again when a being calling himself a doctor of sorts, although he said that he didn’t go to Harvard or anything like that, was preparing a device which looked like a pistol, but bare bones, just a frame, a long slender metallic object used for inserting and a blue object, which was a small sphere. It proceeded to insert the blue sphere into my left nostril and what seemed like up into my brain through my nasal cavity until I heard a drilling noise and a crunch.  I was sedated, but I felt compelled to get up, walk to my bathroom and to look at myself in the mirror.  I then noticed profuse bleeding from my nose, I then fell unconscious, backward, into some other being who said that he would catch me, although I must have been very heavy for him, as he struggled to catch my falling body.  I still am not clear on whether or not I fell on the rim of the bath tub, although I seem to recollect the noise of that happening. I was numb. When I woke up, it seemed to me to be very late the next day, but admittedly I do not remember what day it was when I was implanted. I actually went later to get a MRI image of my brain, because I had remembered it shortly after, and the doctor said that something was wrong, and people in suits proceeded to confiscate the images, I was told to leave the premises, and I was not charged for the MRI scans, but was not allowed to see them. But I would like to give it another go, I would gladly submit to MRI images or X-Ray scans, or polygraph tests to verify to you that I am honest about this, I believe that this object is still inside. The one who put this object into my head, he said that they wouldn’t be able to remove it, because that would kill me, but that there would be scar tissue around where it will heal. This is really only one of several interactions, I am a multiple abductee. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date above is approximate.  PD));27.1808;-82.4822
