I was on wheel watch on a 90 ft. fishing Vesel early in the morning near Adak island. At this time Adak was still under navy control &;1996-08-10 02:30:00;12 minutes;I was on wheel watch on a 90 foot fishing Vesel early in the morning near Adak Island.  At this time, Adak was still under navy control & you were not permitted within 15 miles of the base.  We were fishing for black cod in the trenches by Tanaga & Kanaga. While driving the boat, I noticed lights on the horizon coming in our direction.  I assumed it was a freighter just because they are common going to Dutch Harbor.  It was not showing on the radar & was approaching very quickly.  I once again checked the radar & tried to hail the oncoming vessel on the radio.  I noticed we were on a collision course & then all our electronics were failing.  I put the boat in neutral & went to wake the captain that we were on a collision course with a huge vessel & our ship was having trouble with the generator.  The captain went to the wheelhouse & I went to the engine room to check for problems.  The engine was still running but no electrical output.  I then went back to the wheel house to inform the captain of the situation. As I climbed the steep stairs into the wheel house & noticed another crewmember had joined the captain. I thought it was weird that the captain was not at the helm.  He was on the port side with the other crewmember staring out the window. It was then I noticed that a gigantic Vessel was on our port side about 500 yards away.  My first thought was what kind of freighter was it.  I asked the captain what action should be taken & was silent looking at the other ship.  I went to the helm & sat in the chair & looked at the radar & set it to its lowest setting.  It was not working & neither of any other electronics. I then looked out at the other ship & was shocked to notice how small our boat was compared to the other vessel.  I then noticed the rotating lights were reflecting off the surface of the ocean.  I was astonished to then realize this Vessel we were looking at was in the air.  I asked the captain if it was the navy or military.  He said aliens.  For some reason, I wasn't scared but more in awe of what we were witnessing.  It had a green haze emanating around it, with different lights flashing around it.  I couldn't exactly define the shape of the Vessel other than it was enormous. It then slowly began to rise & turn away from us.  After a few seconds it sped away at incredible speed & vanished. After it left all our electronics came back online.  The captain put the boat in forward gear & headed towards the next fishing grounds.  The next day the other crewmember would not talk about what he seen last night.  The captain admitted to the rest of the crew what had happened. I spoke with other fishermen in Dutch Harbor about fishing out near Adak island.  If they encountered or seen mysterious lights.  I was told those craft have been seen out there for as long as anyone can remember. I still remember that encounter like it just happened.  After that day I knew man was not alone on earth. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));51.8741;-176.6274
