Bright light from sattelite sized object pans area in which we were camping;2001-06-21 00:00:00;45 min;Bright light from sattelite sized object pans area in which we were camping At approximately midnight, after my friends and I had decided to retire for the night. My boyfriend and friend became excited after seeing a satellite sized object move across the sky and then stop and become intensely brighter, then appearing to pan with this same bright light across the area.  At this time the circular object was to north of us.  After panning across the sky it dimmed as if someone had switched off a light and then became very small again and headed to the west.  After 20 to 30 minutes, my friend began to flash his flashlight upward to the sky overhead, wher I noticed to the south the same object, but much lower, repeating the signal back.  I told the other two and they confirmed this.  The light was larger and fairly closer this time.  Afterwards, it returned to the sattelite size and shot again to the west.  After becoming upset, we loaded up the truck and went back to Lewistown.  My friend riding in the back of the truck noticed the object again as we were leaving. He said it repeated a similar action to those of before. Each time the light was very bright, and much brighter than any star or planet in the sky.  It even outshone Jupiter which was clearly visible in the sky.  There were no clouds that evening to block our view.  After the first sighting, we noticed that within five to ten minuts afterwards, two planes intersected over the spot, one from the east and one from the west, almost as if investigating the incident.  This is meerely speculation though. ((NUFORC Note:  We observe that the flare that the witness describes might have been the phenomenon caused by Iridium satellites.  That can be checked at the website, <www.heavens-above.com>.  PD));47.0545;-109.4223
Husband saw a stream of what appeared to be low-flying satellites. ((NUFORC Note:  Starlink satellites?  PD)) ((anonymous report));2019-12-05 06:50:00;15 minutes;Just before sunrise, my husband was routinely sitting in the hot tub and saw a stream of what appeared to be low-flying satellites.  They were all appropriately spaced, flying at the same speed, in the same trajectory and made no sound.  He was quite surprised as he is out there daily and had never seen this type of thing before.  He called me out to see it and we counted 30 of them before the sunlight impacted our ability to see them any longer.;47.0545;-109.4223
4 ships appeared, then equally separated. Next a larger object appeared and they all disappeared quickly. I was out smoking and watched;2020-03-25 10:00:00;5 minutes;4 ships appeared, then equally separated.  Next a larger object appeared and they all disappeared quickly.  I was out smoking and watched this over the Judith Mountains.  Never seen this in 50 years.  I found this site to see if anything was reported.  I was going to call some agency but didn't want a bunch of nuts running around our place.;47.0545;-109.4223
