GEORGIA UFO GROUP Report/Tom Sheets:  Shape Changing Glowing Orb/Light;2004-08-03 05:16:00;Appx. 30 minutes;Shape Changing Glowing Orb/Light GEORGIA UFO GROUP   Preliminary Report of Observation of Unknown Light, Henry County Georgia-3Aug04, 5:16AM   The following account was given to this investigator via the UFO Hotline maintained by the Georgia UFO Group. This writer spent about 20 minutes debriefing the witness as he CONTINUED to observe this episode, which he said he had been watching for some 10 or so minutes before calling.   The witness is a 20 YOA male citizen of Stockbridge Georgia. While it is impossible to fully vet a witness without some form of in-depth investigation, during the conversation and questions, he seemed to be a sober minded and observant individual. He was in amazement while describing his observations to this investigator, indicating he'd never watched anything in the sky that performed in the manner he was witnessing.   WITNESS ACCOUNT---- On Tuesday, 3Aug04 at 5:16AM, this writer was reviewing reports previously filed to GUFOG when the UFO reporting phone rang.   The above described witness immediately explained that he had been outside of their Stockbridge home and observed an unusual LARGER than star-like light off in the distance toward the City of McDonough (Stockbridge is about 13 miles SE of Hartsfield Airport.....McDonough is about 8.7 miles SSE of Stockbridge). This light was also described as being about the size of a BB held at arm's length, definitely circular in shape, being about 1/4 of the way off of the horizon, and changing from glowing blue to yellow. Said light had been observed to move slowly, then DART up and to the right, then up and down, back and forth, moving about the width/length of witness' hand held at arm's length. The light reportedly passed behind a tree limb at one time. Witness was frustrated because he did not have a videocam or binoculars. Not knowing the exact distance to McDonough, the witness guessed the light might be about 2 miles away, and when asked, said definitely in the direction of McDonough (which is 8.7 miles SSE). The witness stated he was familiar with the various commercial air traffic all around the Hartsfield vicinity, but this was not similar to that. As the witness watched, he stated that the light seemed to change into a boomerang or V shape.   At that point, this writer decided to ring off and move to a location outside where a view toward that event location is possible. My location in Fayetteville is about 17 miles due west of McDonough. Efforts were made to observe in that direction with 7X50 and then 10X50 binoculars.......with negative results. There are some large trees obstructing part of that view toward McDonough.   WEATHER----Temperature 73 degree, little or no wind, predominantly clear, with some thin dissipating patches of Altocumulus directly over Fayetteville, but clear skies in the direction of McDonough and Stockbridge.   INVESTIGATOR COMMENTS--- Distant lights in the vicinity of a major international airport are often mistaken for something anomalous. (Hartsfield, generally about 13 and 20 miles to the NW from locations described). Additionally, weather conditions, optical illusion w/celestial bodies, as well as the natural eye phenomenon called autokinesis might also readily contribute to such an assumption.   (A subsequent phone call to the witness' residence on 9Aug04 found him to be at work. A short conversation with a family member seemed to indicate that the witness took some form of scoffing from his family for reporting his observations).   This FI feels that the Stockbridge report, while NOT of the unmistakable up close and personal variety, needs documentation for several reasons, to wit   1) The above described witness seemed sure of what he was observing, and described it in real time to this FI. PLUS there appeared to be sufficient CLEARLY OBSERVED and RADICAL movement, to include shape changing of the light, to PROBABLY preclude any tricks of the eye or other illusion in the clear mild weather   2) Additionally noticed by this FI were recent reports to NUFORC by Georgia witnesses...... these events being similar in nature to the aforementioned Stockbridge/McDonough case (19July04 Atlanta-Sphere 20July04 Lagrange-Unknown {Multiple Lights} 23July04 Atlanta-Sphere).   3) ODDLY ENOUGH, upon taking the initial call from the Stockbridge witness, this FI had been reviewing newly received written accounts from MULTIPLE witnesses that observed an ALMOST EXACT event on 10July04 in the vicinity of Cherry Log Georgia. Said group of witnesses were in a REMOTE mountainous part of Georgia. HOWEVER.....subsequent to the aerial portion of this mountain experience, their episode concluded with an encounter with an UNKNOWN GROUND BASED GLOW and STRANGE ODOR near the position of said witnesses. This Cherry Log Georgia case remains under investigation as GUFOG looks at the possibility of natural night orbs, spook lights etc., and local military operations, in an effort to identify the culprit. (Certain areas of this mountain region are used by the U.S. Army Ranger School for training purposes). If the causation in Cherry Log remains unknown to the point of indicating a suspected anomaly, the case will also be posted to the NUFORC data base upon completion of the investigation.   CONCLUSION-----Any Georgia residents in the vicinity of Stockbridge/McDonough, or any other location, that might have information regarding these events, please contact this investigator at 678-817-4555 or at <<<georgiaUFOgroup@webtv.net>>>   Please note that GUFOG, a small group composed of scientifically oriented active and retired Georgia law enforcement officers, WILL KEEP THE IDENTITY OF ALL WITNESSES COMPLETELY CONFIDENTIAL, per the group's SOPs.   Tom Sheets, Director-Georgia UFO Group--Office-678-817-4555<<<georgiaUFOgroup@webtv.net>>> ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Tom Sheets for sharing the report with NUFORC.  PD));33.5636999999992;-84.2112000000019
i was abducted;2007-10-10 01:00:00;1 hour;i was abducted   i was walking along when 3 blob like crafts shone through the clouds then i was lifted from the ground then an hour later i was in bed but i rememberd it all exept what happend afgter being lifted ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));33.5636999999992;-84.2112000000019
