I was on my way out the door of my house , when i stepped into the drive way of my house i noticed a redish/orange moon it was straight;2010-01-02 18:45:00;10 minutes;I was on my way out the door of my house , when i stepped into the drive way of my house i noticed a redish/orange moon it was straight across from my house over the tree line , i stared at it for a second and noticed there was a line that curved on the upper half of it , i stepped out into the drive way some more then i noticed the moon to my left , the moon was just a bit bigger than the object , but as soon as i noticed the moon , i looked back at the object in disbelife and then it started to make a sound as if an airplane engine powering up , then started to move slowly to my left towards the moon , but then it turned over to it's side looking a bit flate but not really so as it had a bit of a hump on the back area of the object , it changed in color as it gained speed , from redish/orange to a pale white , it turned over again , shape was that of a sphere and kind of did a manuver where it went out away from me then came in closer , as it came in close! r it lite up ( the description) was bright white in the middle and dull white around the middle and let off a bright white flash that circled it once made a flashing sound , then manuvered back out away from me , turned over flate again then back over to sphere shape and the brightness started to dim down as it got smaller , then grew smaller as a star in the distance  and just dissapeared ... i was 28 years old at the time of the event working as a landscaper , married man with three children;30.0843;-81.8629000000001
4 Red Balls/Speres floating over Clay county Florida.;2013-12-31 20:00:00;7 minutes;4 Red Balls/Speres floating over Clay county Florida. I'm a 38 year old stay at home mom.  College education. Worked in commercial real estate before staying at home with the children.  I'm an avid sky watcher.  It's not something I invest a lot of time in, but I'm always looking.  I'm fascinated with the general beauty of stars and night sky.   Went to the National Observatory south of Tucson and learned how to look at stars and find cool things like tracking a satellite.  It is of note that I live close to Cecil Wright Airfield and NAS JAX.  So I see all types of aircraft daily.  So when I had a errand to run before New Years, I took notice of the sky.  There were minor fireworks.  And stars in the sky.  But I noticed a red ball of light traveling at a steady speed.   As I'm not a pilot, I cannot judge the height or speed of this object.  But it appeared to float in the night sky.  At a steady speed.  Not high enough to be an airliner.  But maybe the height of an helicopter, but with no sound.  I was transfixed by this object, ! trying to put it as some sort of military object.   Then another floated behind it. The path looked like a northeast to southwest.  But again, I'm only guessing.  This was followed by 2 more for a total of 4.  It lasted about 7 minutes from what I witnessed. And I was able to get pictures with my iPhone 5s.  But the ball of light appears white/yellow in pictures, but was a very bright red with my naked eye.  The objects disappeared from sight within that 7 minute window.  And I've never seen anything like it.  Maybe it's a military exercise or something?  Very weird;30.0843;-81.8629000000001
Seven orange lights fly over SW Jacksonville;2016-01-30 20:00:00;6 minutess;Seven orange lights fly over SW Jacksonville Tonight, several of my neighbors and I witnessed 7 orange orbs of light cross over our homes traveling SE to NW.  They looked like balls of fire at first due to the color, but they were all the same size, followed the same path, and appeared to “burn out” or disappear from sight at the exact same place on the horizon.    They changed from orange to red a few times and there was no sound at all. I took a great video of it.  I’ve seen lots of the same sightings all over the world…what are these things??? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));30.0843;-81.8629000000001
Silent red ball of light moving from West to East until out of sight.;2019-06-22 23:50:00;20-25 seconds;Silent Red ball of light moving from West to East until out of sight. On the evening of June 22, 2019, at 23:50 hrs.  I was out side with my dog before we were in for the night. I noticed off to the western sky, just above the treeline, there was a smallish red ball shaped object moving into my line of sight.  As it moved across the sky I expected to see it burn out quickly as you would expect a meteor to do.  However it did not.  It did not also leave a trail of any kind as I have seen from personal meteor sightings in the past. As the red ball continued across the sky, I listened for the tell tale sound of a high flying and fast moving aircraft but heard nothing.  To the north, Mother Nature was putting on a light show but there was no sound coming from that either. I looked for wing lights blinking, or any other sign of lights or such coming from the object but saw nothing, just a glowing red light surrounding the object just as an object entering the atmosphere would glow red.  As I stated earlier, I kept expecting it to burn out, but no. It continued across the sky until it went all of the way across my range of sight and disappeared into the eastern horizon. In all, this sighting lasted no more than 20 to 25 seconds at most, from horizon to horizon. Not a sound was heard. Nothing trailed out from behind.  No blinking lights of any kind. It stayed the same redish color from the second I saw it until it went out of sight. It appeared to be a rather large object as well because when you look at aircraft lights they appear to be tiny dots. This did not.  Comparatively speaking, it is like comparing a period at the end of one of these sentences to the eraser on the end of a pencil.  Big difference.  This was the eraser and aircraft lights the period. The most eerie thing was the lack of sound.  I hear aircraft at altitude fly overhead all of the time and expected something appearing so big to make some kind of sound.  Nothing.;30.0843;-81.8629000000001
