A stationary object was seen in the western horrizon. The object ommited a blinding white light. After 13 minutes the object moved east;2000-03-23 02:15:00;13to15mins;A stationary object was seen in the western horrizon. The object ommited a blinding white light. After 13 minutes the object moved east and past over us.  Some stucture was seem in a rectangle form, continuing to move east changing into a red light. We were coming home from work, at 2:15am on March 23,2000 when we observed a blinding white light in the sky.  We turned on to Winding hill road the object was still there in the western sky. We then pulled over to get a better look at the object.  We killed the engine, then I got out of the car.  My wife stayed in the car she could see it from her window. There was a river to the right of us. To the left a corn field and a sand pit.  Above the sand pit the object was hovering about 700to1000 feet.  At arms legnth the object was approxamatly the size of a dime.  The light was as bright as a flood light, luminating rays of light, much like a planet. At times some rays seemed bluish.  To my left I heard machinery running (farm equipment)behind me I could hear the sound of tracktortrailer trucks on route 201A, no sound was coming from the object.  At about 2:27am the object rose very slow, then it started heading in our direction.  My wife started to become very nervous.  The white light then surrounded the object.  As it came closer my wife stepped out of the car.  On the bottom of the object there were three large orangish-yellow lights.  At this time the object was directly above us.  I could see a large rectangle structure with the orangish-yellow lights in the center, arround it a whitish light.  My wife saw the same form but was not sure how many lights there were.   There was a slight swooshing sound but it was unclear if it the object or the vehicles on the other roads.  The object headed east the lights got smaller and changed to a reddish dot, which dissapered into the horrizon.  My wife and I have never seen a plane or helicoptor like this, there were no blinking lights.  Hope you can help us figure out what this might be.;44.6902;-69.8252
Rectangle object with red and white lights.  Had a big white round light flash down toward us for a second.  ((anonymous report));2017-11-20 20:00:00;2 hours;Rectangle object with red and white lights.  Had a big white round light flash down toward us for a second. Out in back with my dog.  It was an amazingly clear night.  I was gazing up and looking around when I suddenly realize that there were these red and white lights that were just sitting there.  I looked and puzzled over it and they began to blink, the red lights were to the left and white to the right. I as one red went off a white light changed to a red. Then I realize they are attached to this flat surface and it looked almost like a car hood in the starlight, curved hood in a grey metal. I get my husband out and it had left or moved but we see it or another just behind some trees.   Suddenly, as we are looking upward there is this huge round flash of white light coming down but it was gone in a second.  Later that night I looked out the back and see four large round lights evenly spaced in a linear line.  They just there but one singular was opposite them, below was a cluster of smaller ones that periodically would blink, all perfectly round. These were not stars ! in any shape of light format. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.6902;-69.8252
