Huge ball of light traveled behind mountain tops, raised up briefly, accompanied by small colored lights, then left in electric flash.;1992-03-01 19:00:00;10-12 minutes;Huge ball of light traveled behind mountain tops, raised up briefly, accompanied by small colored lights, then left in electric flash. I have looked for years for a report on this matter. I’ve never found one. There were no reports of it in any major (or minor) newspapers in Nevada at the time that the event took place. I have recently, however, seen similar sightings listed that took place in different areas, so I decided to place my sighting here. I was driving on Interstate 80, in Nevada, heading north, between Trinity Junction (where Highway 95 to Fallon intersects I-80) and Lovelock, in the Humboldt Sink. It was approximately 7 p.m. but dark because of the date. I was driving a Ford pickup. I was about 11 miles south of Lovelock on I-80 when I spotted a glow behind the mountains to the south of the interstate, approximately three miles away. The interstate here runs southwest to northeast for about 10 miles, so the mountain range, also runs the same direction. The glow would sometimes grow dimmer, then brighter, but always like a ‘moon’ glow. It was incredibly bright. I drove along the interstate, watching the glow moving eastward along the mountain range. No light appeared above the mountain range at the point, it just moved northeastwardly. When it came to the end of the mountain range, it curved and started moving north, still keeping behind the next mountain range. I kept traveling on I-80, and it kept traveling just below the top of the next mountain range. Approximately 10 minutes later, at Lovelock, I got off at the main exit, which I believe is exit 106, still watching the light as it traveled at the same rate of speed that I did. I got off the freeway and pulled over at the side of the off ramp. I stood up in the door of the truck and watched the light over the cab of the truck. I was approximately three miles from the top of the mountain range at this point. The light lingered below the mountain tops for less than one minute, then suddenly rose up. The mountains in this range are from about 4800-6000 feet in altitude, and when the ball of light rose up, it dwarfed the mountains. The only way that I can describe the size of the round light is thus: if the world were flat, and I was standing at the edge of the world, and the full moon was rising and taking up the entire horizon, that is how large this light would be. It was a lighter color than a full moon, but was the same size and shape. I cannot accurately state how large the light was, but judging from Google Earth and trying to estimate the size, it may have been up to one mile in diameter. It was certainly not much less than one mile. As I stood watching it, small lights suddenly appeared around it. Small blue and red lights blinked off and on, moving rapidly around the giant ball of light. There may have been about 10-20 of these small lights. I cannot recall exactly. But they moved extremely fast. Suddenly the ball of light descended back down behind the mountain and began traveling south, in the direction from which it had came. The little colored lights stayed above the mountain tops but moved along with the initial light. The ball moved, not rapidly, not slowly, but at about the same speed it had been moving during the entire time that I had been watching it. It traveled this way for at least one minute. Suddenly a bright light flashed, like a gigantic arc welder lighting up the eastern sky around the light, a bright, electric-type blue light -- and the ball of light disappeared completely. The little colored lights stayed for a moment longer -- perhaps two or three seconds, and then they too just disappeared. I have never shared this with the media of any type. There is nothing located on the opposite side of the mountain range. Farther east lies the old mining town of Austin. There is a lot of military activity in the area Fallon Naval Air Station is located within 50 miles. Shortly afterwards, I worked with a man who had retired from the Navy and after retirement had worked at the military base. I told him about the incident. He said the military could have missiles that could act like this. But when I told him the size of the light, he became dumbfounded, and when I told him that the light turned around and changed its course, returning the direction from where it came, the only answer he had was “the military doesn’t have anything that can do that.” Evidently, the  light’s ability to maneuver in this manner was something that distinguished it from a missile. And there is no missile that could be this large or act in this manner. I have no idea what it was. I wish someone else had seen it. If anyone else did and reads this, I hope they respond so I don’t feel so alone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.1848;-118.4672
Light over NV desert extends 6 distinc beams of light before disappearing, leaving an “exhaust” trail;2018-10-06 20:30:00;20 minutes;Light over NV desert extends 6 distinc beams of light before disappearing, leaving an “exhaust” trail While driving on I-80 from Lovelock, a bright white light appeared towards the south west with what looked like a ring of smoke or mist around the light.  From the light came a beam shining down, over the time it was in sight though the lights began to change to 6 distinct beams all coming from the center of the light source.   As we drove closer the lights coming from the center began to point up and came to 2 distinct beams that were very bright.   After 15 minutes the light disappeared and left what looked like an exhaust trail.;40.1848;-118.4672
