4 red light in sky over Glenmoore Pa. 8/1/15  at 11:30 PM.;2015-08-01 23:30:00;60 seconds;4 red light in sky over Glenmoore Pa. 8/1/15  at 11:30 PM I was sitting on my front porch in Southeastern, PA, facing southeast at approx.11:30 pm on 8/1/15.  Their was a nearly full moon and the sky was mostly clear with no discernible surface wind.  The high clouds were moving very slowly, almost imperceptibly suggesting light winds aloft.  I was watching distant lightning (50-60 miles away) from a storm passing near the Cape May/Delaware Bay, NJ, area that I was also watching on my Accuweather radar app. I saw a bright red object flying by to my right, and assumed it was an airplane, since I live directly under the approach route for Philadelphia International Airport.   Immediately, I saw an identical red object about 1/4 mile behind the first object, and slightly to the right of the first object.  This second object appeared to be gaining on the first object and moved to the right.  It looked like 2 planes flying in a loose formation.  I judged them to be about 2 miles away.  I would estimate their airspeed at somewhere around 200 mph. I am a 19 year licensed pilot, and I immediately noticed 2 unusual things about the  objects they were completely silent and they weren't strobing.  This is unusual because all aircraft are required by the FAA to have a green position light on the right wing, a red position light on the left wing, a strobe light on the underside of the aircraft, and a white position light on the tail.  These objects I observed were just glowing a steady red.   Also, I see aircraft at this distance every day and there is always audible engine noise, especially with 2 planes that close together on a quiet night.  These objects were silent. I immediately picked up my binoculars and was able to observe the objects for about 10 seconds.  They were glowing steady bright red, then they slowly faded for about 3 seconds before completely disappearing. About 10 seconds after this I saw 2 more identical objects flying in exactly the same area of sky at the same speed and at the same distance from each other.  I watched them through my binoculars and they disappeared in exactly the same location as their predecessors. I have an app on my Iphone, Flight Radar 24, that shows all the air traffic in the sky.  I immediately looked to see if their was any traffic in the area at that time and it showed nothing at all within miles of that area. I have another Iphone app, Sky Guide, which shows where all the satellites are in the sky and it showed nothing at all above my home.  I see satellites, meteors, and objects like the Intl.Space Station all the time.  These 4 objects were very different. So I'm really perplexed.  What did I see?;40.0847;-75.7684
