Moving lights.;1990-01-01 19:00:00;5 minutes;Moving lights My friend ((male name deleted)) and I were on a hunting lease shortly before Operation Desert Storm.  ((male name deleted)) came to get me at the stand where I was hunting just after dark in his pickup, all excited about several fast moving llights he had just seen shooting across the sky.  I laughed and kidded him a little on our way back to camp.   At the camp I didn’t see what he had witnessed but shortly three lights appeared equal distance from each other perhaps a mile or more.  They were stationary.  Then they began to change colors and slowly fade out.   Then they appeared once again farther along in the sky but kept the same distance and spacing from each other almost as though they were connected.  They did this until they disappeared from view as they moved from left to right. I had worked in aircraft at then General Dynamics at FTW, but these were silent and in no way resembled anything I was familiar with, but felt somehow they were connect to “Desert Storm.”   Occasionally we still mention them in conversation.  They began dimly as orange and slowly increased in intensity as they became visible, and likewise decreased when they slowly became invisible. ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE OF REPORT)) Hello Mr Davenport, My friend, ((name deleted)) and I discussed the event although ((name deleted)) was somewhat reluctant.  We're older fellows now, with name deleted)) being ((seventies) and I will soon be ((seventies)), but we arrived at a date of Jan. 1st 1990 approximately 7 PM. Other than seeing the objects, the hunt was quite uneventful. Very Truly Yours, ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));32.3994;-98.8071
Saw a  bright light moving in the sky;2001-06-21 21:25:00;1 to 2 minutes;Saw a  bright light moving in the sky It was around dusk when I went outside with my binoculars hoping to catch a glimpes of mars. I had heard on the news that mars would be clearly visiable because it was so close to earth. As I was begining to pull out my binoculars, I looked to the east and saw a bright white light moving to the south east. At first I thought it was an airplane, then I looked at it with the binoculars. I could barely make out the objects shape, it appeared to be triangular or diamond shaped. This thing moved quickly and made no noise what so ever. I only saw the one white light at the bottom. I've seen enough aircraft, civilian and military, in my time to know this was not one of ours.;32.3994;-98.8071
Lights appearing in succession.;2009-01-29 19:45:00;15 minutes;Lights appearing in succession. To whom it may concern, I recently captured video of lights in the southern sky during late evening one day. They exhibited behavior not typical of airplanes or aircraft of any kind. They also did not exhibit behavior of falling debris such as a meteor or other object entering our atmosphere. I'm hoping the video i did capture will be of some use, but i will admit it's not very good. it was taken with my Canon Powershot digital camera while in video mode. At times i tried to zoom in and the picture would get blurry so i would have to zoom out and recenter on the lights  A light would appear..and something would seem to shoot off from it and then another  would appear next to it...in almost a perfectly straight line. At first this was slow, then at the end the lights would appear more rapidly and closer together. And then it stopped.I did not count how many appeared altogether as i was in awe. I have never witnessed thes lights in this type of formation, appearing one after another next to the other in a line. Myself and my father have seen these lights, or something similar in the same area of the sky at different times for the past 15 years or more.They do not appear often at all or for very long. Sometimes they just appear in different places and blink off and on, and sometimes they move. Thats the best explanation i have for the events that i witness. I also would like to apologize for the end of the video because i did not capture all of the event. It started a few minutes before, and as i was attempting to capture, my memory card became full and i had to stop to get another. When i did, thats when they started appearing in rapid succession and closer together and then suddenly they stopped. At all times and during every occurence there has been no sound coming from the direction in which the lights appear. If you are interested in this video i could send you a copy on cd-rom or dvd format by mail, however the file itself is much too large to email.it is approximately 102 megabytes in size as i have my camera set to maximum video resolution. I eagerly await your response.;32.3994;-98.8071
