the greatest light show of my life!!!;2003-08-02 01:00:00;20 minutes;the greatest light show of my life!!! my friend and i was coming home one night and desided to go the back way through lorreta lynns dude ranch. we took a road called burned house road. it is very hilly and radios dont pick up to good USUSALLY. well we was a few miles down this road and all the sudden the radio started picking up really good and we was glad because we liked the song. well as we came closer to the t in the road there was a bright light that went over the hill and we both saw it. we figured helicopter and just kept going with no thought really about it. as we went around the corner it turns from gravel to pavement and all the sudden there it was again,LOW, and it went over my truck. no sound nothing and it felt like 80mph winds shook the truck. my friend was driving and he didnt believe at the time in aliens well i had seen other things in the night sky close to this area before so it wasnt my first sighting. we kept going and i watched it go across this horse pasture. as we crossed the bridge over hurricane creek it seemed to turn towards us. by this time my friend was almost in tears. he just kept saying he was ready to go home. well we stopped because i wanted to see how close it would get, crazy i know, so i got in the driver seat and my buddy got in and locked the doors, lol, well i started flashing my headlights at the craft.it came much closer, but the closer it got the brighter this light was and it made sure it was in ur face so you couldnt really see. well by then the lights was flashing and changing colors and patterns, it was a light show like no other i have seen in my life. by then i was getting scared because it was probably within 500 yds above us, so we took off down the road scared shitless now. the road turns back to gravel and top speed is like 50 max. it follows .... and then it vears off to the right, we both just let out a sigh of relief. then as we went around the next corner there it was over the road wating on us. i hit the e brake and stopped dead in the road. i thought my buddy was gonna have a corinary literally. as we set there it just got higher in the sky and then just turned out like a light bulb and was gone. the local police sat out all the next night watching for it since i had some friends on the local force. several other of my sightings was out bakerville, tn just 15 or so miles further south. i do alot of camping and fishing on the duck river and buffalo river. both river bottoms have had many eye witness besides me. thanks for hearing my very true story. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));36.0984;-87.7975
