Saw a set of 3 bright lights float, and then explode in the N sky, looking from Lava Hot Springs, ID.;2017-03-14 22:10:00;8 minutes;Saw a set of three bright lights float, and then explode.  In the northhern sky, looking from Lava Hot Springs, ID. Dear sirs: At 10:10 pm, on Tuesday, the 14th of March, I stepped out side on my deck in Lava Hot Springs, ID, looking just to the right of north, toward the towns of Soda Springs ID, and Grace ID, I saw a set of bright lights.  It appeared to be moving in a floating drifting manner, its movements were slow and smooth, it was over the mountains to the north of Lava Hot Springs, ID, about 45 degrees above them the lights looked to me to be in a set of three, one red, one yellow, and the other sort of white.  I have seen a lot of jets, airplanes and helicopters, this was not one of them.   When I first spotted the lights, I called my mother out to come see, while I grabbed my binoculars for a better look.  The lights continued to drift to the left, and then to the right, then it seemed to move away.  As it did, I saw a high flying jet plane with flashing red and green lights blinking and heading east.   After the jet plane flew out of sight, the lights I was watching through my binoculars suddenly got bright, and then I saw it explode.  I saw a large ball of fire and two large sparks fall beneath it then it was gone, all through this there was no sound, not from the object or the high flying jet plane, nor were there any noise from the explosion, which  would tell me that it was a good distance from my location.   I was in the U.S. Coast Guard for 8 years, I have been taught to judge distances.  To me, this seemed to be about 12 to 15 miles away  witch would put it just over the town of Grace, ID, just outside of Soda Springs, ID. The first thing I did after I saw the explosion was to call 911 and report a explosion in the sky just north of Lava Hot Springs, ID.  I was told that they (the police would get back to me).  If and when they do, I'll send word to you.   After I called the police, I called the National UFO Hotline they told me to use a word program and post it to the report form.  Thank you for all of the hard work you have done!   ((name deleted));42.6225;-112.0185
