Multiple flashing lights moving in the sky.;2017-07-25 02:00:00;3 hours;Multiple Flashing lights moving in the sky. On July 25th, 2017, at approximately 2:20am, I went out on our back deck to smoke a cigarette. I went to the far end of the deck which faces east.  As I looked toward the tree line I noticed a strange multicolored light.  I was intrigued by the light so I continued to look at it.  I soon realized that the light was moving erratically.  Unsure I continued to watch. It began to move well above the tree line still moving up, down, side to side, and even in circular motions. I was awe struck, and knew no one would believe what I was seeing, so I went and woke my niece.  She witnessed the object, but went back to bed.  I was too captivated to stop watching. Not long after I seen the first object, I noticed that there was another moving light in the sky.  Both moving in the same manner with the same red, green, and white flashing lights.  Before long I had spotted five of these objects.  None of which could have been of natural occurrence. Around 4:18am one of these strange lights appeared just  on the other side of the tree line.  This one seemed very close.  It's light was a steady white, and it's movement was the same as the other objects.  It appeared so close that I went inside and grabbed a flashlight.  I could be mistaken, but it seemed as though the light would respond to the blinking of the flash light. At one point I counted as many as 11 of these lights, two of which seemed to inspect passing airplanes by approaching them closely. Something else that was strange during this event was that I witnessed what I believe to have been a total of nine meteors, but given what I witnessed and the way these lights would appear, I am unsure if they were meteors, or the objects joining the others. I am certain that someone else had to see the near, low flying, object I mentioned, because it hoovered above a state highway just behind our home.  It was too low, bright, and moving in such a manner to be mistaken for a star, and I could hear morning work traffic on the highway. This is true and accurate as I can tell it.  My witness will confirm the sighting of the first object.  This event took place for nearly three hours.;38.9483;-90.9121
