3 bright,orange objects with comet-like tails, movingtoward earth, then toward each other, thenhorizontally, east to s.west;1997-03-11 18:30:00;15 minutes;Summary : 3 bright, orange objects with comet-like tails, moving toward earth, then toward each other, then horizontally, east to s.west My 9 year old daughter and I were in the car and both saw an orange, bright object which appeared to be falling to earth.  It had a tail above it.  Then 2 other objects appeared moving toward the first one. They all had vapor trails, or tails.   Then, they all three changed course, moving together horizontal to the earth, from our left to right.  They stopped at one point and appeared to hang in the sky.   We had parked the car to look and I measured one of the objects against a tree limb, and it did not move for some minutes.   Gradually, they grew smaller as they moved away, but the orange color was clearly visible until they disappeared behind a mountain.       The conditions:  it was aclear evening, at sunset.  The moon was visiblea bove the objects in the sky.  No rain, or clouds at all, but no stars were yet visible.   It grew completely dark in the time we watched them.    I am a lawyer and my daughter is in 4th grade.  Neither of us has ever seen anything similar to this before.    Interestingly,by the time we reached our home, 4 military planes from the National Guard flew over usheading southwest, which is the direction the three objects had been heading.;38.3594424000001;-81.647724
50 plus fast moving objects in the sky over Charleston, WV.;2019-04-20 00:00:00;20 minutes;50 plus fast moving objects in the sky over Charleston WV My son and his girlfriend was on their way home from Dunbar, WV, last night, and when they entered downtown Charleston on I-77 at around 2 something a.m., his girlfriend, ((girl's name deleted)), noticed a couple of lights up in the sky, and she told me that one of them was going pretty fast in one direction, and  instantaneously it went into an opposite direction and did some zig zags in the sky.  Along their way home she continued watching them, and about 15-20 minutes later when they arrived home in Sissonville, WV, they came straight up to our home and they said, dad, you’ve got to come outside and see this, and I said, why, and my son said, just come outside. I said, ok what the heck! So, I went outside on my front porch and said, now, what is it that you want me to see? They said, come out into the yard. So, curious as hell as I was, I walked down int the front of my house and started gazing into the shy. I saw nothing, and then we walked back a few more feet in the fron! t of my house and then,they said look, look straight up and I did.  At first I didn’t see anything, probably because my eyes wasn’t focused yet. And then, I saw a light, then 2 light, and then 3.  All 3 were in a triangular formation. And then they said, dad, look there are more.  I looked, and yes I seen more coming behind the first three again in some form of a triangle. I thought, DAMN, WTF???!!!! WHATTHE HELL??!!  We continued watching and here came about 3 or 4 more, and then a few more, and a few more, we again continued watching, and they just kept coming.  The direction was coming from North West to West in an orderly fashion. It definitely was not a meteor or stars because they continued on in formation and faster than a jet. I live about 12-15 miles from the Charleston, WV, Yeager airport on a mountain and I see jets all day long, but never have I seen more than 3 or 4 in the sky at the same time. Well, we kept on watching, and they kept on coming.  All heading from NW TO W direction.  By the time I seen the last one, there must hav! e been 5 0 or more.  After I seen the last one, I went in to our home and tuned in to ALL of the News stations, thinking that there may be some kind of a terrorist attack or whatever. So, I checked each and every outlet that I could, even local, but NOTHING. Called my oldest brother Danny, and told him about it and then he told my other brother about it, and about a half hour later they group face timed me and wanted to know all about it. Well, I told them exactly what I just typed, and they were like, WOW!!! They said, you might want to report this to MUFON or to you, I said, they aren’t going to take it seriously. But, they continued to harp on it that I should atleast report it. So, I am, and if you’d be interested in checking this situation out here in Charleston, WV  out, than do as you may. I’d be very interested in ANYTHING that you would possibly find out about it!  I don’t have a cell phone right now that is active, but if you’d like to reach me, then you can call my brother ! ((name deleted))., at anytime at: 843-((telephone # deleted)). THANK YOU!;38.3594424000001;-81.647724
