An orange light, circled by two planes, then moves up and out of the sky and vanishes.;2001-02-14 18:55:00;10 minutes;An orange light, circled by two planes, then moves up and out of the sky and vanishes. As we were walking our dog, we looked up to see a stationary bright orange light in the sky.  It was very near the brightest star in the sky and almost as big.  Two similar looking airplanes in close proximity flew together and circled the area once.  Then the planes flew off in different directions.  Immediately following this, the light began to wane and flicker slightly and move up (which is the only way we can describe it) in a seemly westward direction, but definitely up.  It was also moving side to side in quick movements as it went away from us.  The light got smaller and smaller until it disappeared into the clear night sky.  As we saw it, it seemed to go out of the atmosphere as opposed to any direction imparticular.  We watched for several minutes afterward, but nothing returned.;40.5835;-124.1473
fifteen minute timer;2003-07-15 00:15:00;>1 hr;fifteen minute timer LIGHT WAS SEEN OVER MOON at about 55 minutes after the hour. as moon followed its pass, the light, for lack of better phrasing, passed about 15 minutes ahead in time, keeping roughly the same distance from the moon. ((NUFORC Note:  Mars in conjunction with the Moon.  PD));40.5835;-124.1473
A bright green light streeked from the sky down to a mountain.;2005-01-02 06:30:00;1 second;A bright green light streeked from the sky down to a mountain. After reading the report about a lady who saw a bright, red light streek across the sky, I decided to submit a similar expeirience I had. Me and my friend were driving home at around 6:30. We were taking the backroads near a small, local airport.  As we were driving, I looked towards the mountains, and for about a second, I saw a bright green light streek from the sky into the trees. It gave off a long, green trail, which lasted for less than a second after the object disapeared.  I don't think it could have been a plane, because I would have seen a fire from where I was when it crashed, it would have been on the news, and planes aren't glowing green. Plus, the object just dissapeared.  I don't think it could have been a flair or other object dropped from an aircraft, because It was going to fast and I did not see any other objects in the sky.  We do not live by any military installation or research centers. The town we live in is a slightly isolated one in the middle of the redwoods. I will e-mail an illustration of the object with the same subject name as the one I typed in the Summary Description field when I'm done drawing it. If any UFOCenter employees would like to email me any questions, I would be happy to answer them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));40.5835;-124.1473
5 different lights and sizes floating in our sky;2011-04-09 01:00:00;4 days;5 different lights and sizes floating in our sky The first time i saw the object i thought it was a star.But low for a star. It kept dimming in and out .At times it got real bright.  It also danced around alot.  It kept coming each night for 4 days now. Then one day a big one with 3 lights came two nights in a row.It was as big as three football fields.  It kept flashing its lights one two three. Then dimmed out also. Then about 3 others kept moving around the sky two were reddish colors one was sort of blue and then they all hovered at different parts of the sky. One was southeast of us the others were west and south west of us.Im freeking out over all this.  Before i went to bed one hovered over our place.  Also once there was a sonic boom that we thought was lighting.Days before i saw trails of what looked like jets but real low to be and wide.  There were two of them and i heard nothing.I didnt know who to tell and hope you can help me out.  Thanks;40.5835;-124.1473
3 weeks of nightly sightings of several white hot glowing UFOS.;2018-04-08 20:45:00;2 hours;3 weeks of nightly sightings of several white hot glowing UFOS. So this sighting may be a bit unique because it is current and ongoing.  The sighting I have entered in is the most significant one.  It actually goes back to April 3, 2018, until this morning (April 19, 2018).   On April 3, I was letting my dog out the side garage door facing east.  Up about 30 degrees in the sky was seemingly a very bright star which began to move.  It was very bright and did slow circles and a triangle pattern.  I watched for about ten minutes and went to let the chickens out and went around to the backyard and spotted another southwest a bit higher in angle in the sky.  I had to go to work so the sighting ended.  That night there were objects in the same location in the sky and one more due west.  It was a very clear night and star filled.  These stick out because of how bright they are.  White hot light that sparkles.   As I scanned the sky I noticed 4 more in other locations.  I didn't pay attention to the others however because of the significance of ! the other 3.  Every clear night and early morning since then I have spotted these and have spoken to a close friend and a few other people that have seen them.  The significant report that I have filled into the boxes is the Sunday night following the incident.  We contacted one another via text message and updated on what we were seeing.  The three main ones were in the same positions in the sky plus I spotted 9 more.  The three main ones have stayed in the same locations only deviating by a few miles sometimes getting sort of close and sometimes out towards the ocean.  They appear daily from approximately 20:00 to 6:00.  The pattern changed last night and they are no longer in the same locations.  I spotted one east and one west that seemed very close to town.  The flying patterns don't deviate much from circles to dipping up and down, sometimes dipping down and back up in a teardrop shape.  They seemingly look like they are scanning around or signaling something.  My parents live 12 miles south, and they have been seeing them west over the mountains towards the ocean.  These sightings are picking up attention in the area.  I didn't file a report at first because the photos and videos I have are only like stars in appearance and don't do them justice.  They should be seen in person.;40.5835;-124.1473
