Saw a craft streak across the sky in ohio.;2000-10-31 19:15:00;45 Min.;Saw a craft streak across the sky in ohio. We were driving on I-75 north, when we saw a flying object across the sky.  It was going from the east going west.  Then a spark came out of it, and it looked like fire, then it stopped.  We pulled to the side of the road and got out with binaculars and looked through the binaculars at the craft.  And then I gave them to ((name deleted)).  Then we got back in the jeep and we started driving off to the exit.  While we were looking at the ship/craft, it seemed like it was following us.  So we got off, and turned left going west.  We went down the Cygnet Rd. then we stopped over the bridge and I was looking through the binaculars once again.  I saw the ship, it was turning red, green, yellow and white.  Then, another car pulled up, and stopped in front of us and the woman got out and asked if we seen what she seen.  I said yes! so, I walked over to her and gave her the binaculars.  She looked and seen the same thing.  Then she got back into her car, because she had to ((deleted)), and told us where the ((deleted)) place was.  I walked back to the jeep, and looked up once again at the ship, and got in the car and looked through the binaculars once again.  Once again I saw red, green, yellow, white and blue.  Then, the ship seemed to go down into the tree and then come back up.  Then it got very red/dark red and then I got scared and got this feeling inside, and I looked at ((name deleted)) and said, Lets get out of here!  Then we started driving and I was looking back at the ship as we were going east to ((deleted)) where the woman works.  We waited for her to come back from ((deleted)).  Then ((deleted)) asked her what she seen.  We got back into the jeep and went back to see if it was still there, it was not. We started back on I75 going north when both of us at the same time got a sharp pain in our abdomin.  Mine was in the middle just below my ribs, and his was on the left side.  Then once we got home, he dropped me off, I went into the house sat down for a bit, and then I heard odd noises as if someone was whispering a m! umbled l anguage.  My father also heard it and I looked out the door and no-one was there!  That was about it. I am a ((deleted)) ((deleted)) is a ((deleted)) teacher;41.2422;-83.648
The ship crossed the sky, stopped shot up about a half mile, hovered for a while and changed a multitude of colors and departed with us;2000-10-31 19:15:00;45 Minutes;The ship crossed the sky, stopped shot up about a half mile, hovered for a while and changed a multitude of colors and departed with us At 7:15 p.m. we were heading North on I-75 just south of Cygnet, Ohio, when we saw what appeared to be a meteor coming across the horizon from the east and out of space.  It crossed over I-75 heading west, when an explosion or emission of somekind, lit behind it, illuminating the craft.  This event, looked not like an explosion proper, but rather orange, yellow and a sparkling gold bolt of lighting with many branches!   At that moment it came to a quick stop but quite a distance from the previous anomalous event.  This took all of 5 seconds.   At this point we stopped the vehicle and went for the video camera.  We tried to turn it on, but the battery was dead.  So we pulled out binoculars we took for the trip and started watching its movements.  I pulled out the binoculars and handed them to my friend ((deleted)), and when I turned around to look back at the craft, I saw a flash of white light, and then the ship moved up approximately a half mile.  That is where it stayed, until we decided to move in, and then it stayed with the car up to the Cygnet Rd. exit.   At this point, the object was hovering what looked to be a hundred feet above the trees.  We turned off onto the Cygnet exit, and turned left onto Cygnet.   We pulled the car over on the right hand side of the road, and started to observe the craft, at this point a woman named ((female name deleted)) stopped in front of us and asked us if we saw the previous events.   We exchanged names and numbers and watched the ship hover with the binaculars. She explained that she was on a pizza run, and she had to go, we agreed to meet back at her pizza shop after investigating the UFO.   At this point it was turning a multitude of colours, including red, blue, green, white, magenta and yellow.  It was also dimming and then get brighter.  So she departed, and we went in to investigate.   Once we got close enough, we stopped to investigate even more.   We observed it again change colours and reduce and increase in size (from dimming, we believe)   All of a sudden, it became an intense red, and Jim l ooked at me and said, Tim, let's go, I don't like the way that this is looking, and as he said that I said were going just then, I looked at the lights in the jeep and they were starting to dim and get brighter and the dim again.   I turned the jeep around and we drove as fast as we could go.  We kept a eye on it upon our departure, we went back to the pizza store to meet up with ((female name deleted)).  She arrived, we confirmed the story to her friends at the pizza store and then told her what happend.   Afterwards, we left to go and see if the ship was still there.   At that point it was gone.    We entered back onto the freeway, and all of a sudden we both developed pain in our abdominal region right below the rib cage.   Mine was off the left side, and Jim's was more in the center.  Later I looked at my side and it was inflamed and red.  I am a classical piano teacher Jim is a Carpenter;41.2422;-83.648
