This happened sometime in the early 80s as i was still in High School.I had taken our dog out,and had decided to sit on the porch for a;1982-06-01 17:00:00;10 minutes;This happened sometime in the early 80s as i was still in High School.I had taken our dog out,and had decided to sit on the porch for awhile.I was watching the dog when something in the sky caught my eye. Off to the west  i noticed a sphere shaped object that appeared to be glowing as a fire. I watched as it seemedto climb parralel to a radio tower (the tower is a 1/2 mile away,the object was further) for about 3-5 minutes.Then with no warning it seemed to pulse brighter,as it reached the top of a tower i was using as a guide/landmark. but it didnt disappear,it appeared to intenseify if you will....it started giving off what looked like miniature sized objects of itself,i watched as about 6-8 of these objects came off and flew off in different directions.After the objects left the Larger shape (which i believe to be a mothership of somekind) decreased its firey glow ,then moved straight about what looked to me 100' then took off toward the north at great speed. This was the 1st of 2 sightings like this i saw in that week. As i stated in the earlier summary this was only the first sighting of 2 i would see in that week.I will tell about the 2nd here.As usual i had taken the dog out about 1700-1800hrs. I noticed that the object i had seen a few days earlier was back. It was sitting adjacent to the towers again in almost the same exact location as it was previous.The Object appeared to be very large but distant.It kinda reminded me of a small sun or moon glowing a yellowish glow. After watching this it again pulsed really bright,but this time it didnt dispatch the smaller objects it was recalling them. I watched as 6-8 small objects exact duplicates of the larger one but smaller return to the larger object.after they had returned which took about 5-6 minutes i realized my parents were inside i hollered for them to come see the object i saw earlire in the week as i had told them of the previous sighting. After they had come on the porch the object again took off to the north at great speed.If memory serves this was a time when several objects had been seen in our area and sevral were reported to our local Air Force Base which has now closed.I have never seen this event again since.;31.2248796610169;-92.3222016949153
