Series of white lights in the southwestern sky.;2009-06-08 21:30:00;2-3 minutes;Series of white lights in the southwestern sky. I had just left the fire station and was driving westbound on Highway 28 east.  I noticed what appeared to be fireworks up ahead, they were in the west southwest sky.  I saw a large white light that turned into an a semi-circle of 4-5 smaller lights but same in light intensity.  They lasted only a few seconds.  After I saw this happen at least 2 more times I took out my camera and switched to video mode in case they appeared again.  While on a straight away I observed these lights again, they were in the southwest. While driving, I turned on the camera and zoomed in on the lights.  They were again 1 larger light then an arch/semi-circle of 4-5 smaller lights.  They didn't appear to pulse brighter/dimmer, they just seemed to light together then go out together.  They didn't look to me to be flares as they didn't change in elevation or go out separately, pulse as flares normally do.  The lights appeared to stay on the same elevation.   The video shows the light in the sky then go out. Not a lot of detail is available other then to show there were lights and that they went out together and no change of altitude was seen. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he sounded quite sincere and serious-minded to us.  He holds a job that saddles him with a considerable amount of responsibility.  PD));31.2248796610169;-92.3222016949153
Bright white light traveling beside a military transport.;2015-03-04 17:15:00;2-3 minutes;Bright white light traveling beside a military transport. On this afternoon, me and youngest daughter, aged 11, were watching the clouds and sunset as we normally do.  During this, I observed a C5a Galaxy military aircraft flying east to west, I observed this aircraft with binoculars for ID.  I commented how big the contrail was and my daughter thought it was very cool.   After it passed overhead, it turned to the northwest from my 12 o'clock position, I handed the binoculars to my daughter to watch it.  She then stated that there was something beside the plane, I asked flying beside or was it in different travel path.  She said no it was beside the aircraft, I asked if it was another plane and she stated she didn't see any wings on it that it looked like a light.  She then handed the binoculars to back to me.   I observed the light and it was white in color, when I saw it, it was no longer beside but had dropped back behind the C5.  It was at this point the light began a westward track and seemed very slow.  I observed no wings or tail.  The object was not flashing but a steady white light color.   I asked my daughter if she could she it without the binoculars and she stated no.  I looked without them and could not see it.  It was only visible with the binoculars.  I then handed them back to my daughter but she was unable to find it again.   We saw several aircraft that night including a Fed-Ex plane (ID'd by paint scheme with binoculars), all had contrails and were identifiable as winged aircraft.  This was not.   If I was to guess size, due to the distance I would be hesitant and guess near the size of the engines at the distance we saw.;31.2248796610169;-92.3222016949153
