One birght and three dark UFOs seen in the skies over Cadillac, Michigan;2007-08-26 20:30:00;2-3 minutes;One birght and three dark UFOs seen in the skies over Cadillac, Michigan I was taking pictures outside tonight, around 8:30 pm on August 26th, 2007. There were some odd cloud formations that I thought would be cool to post as stock on my Deviant Art account. I got a few pictures of some planes with their vapor trails from the cooling weather and when I looked over into the eastern part of the southern sky, I saw something odd. There was a very bright object in the sky, about the size of a large blimp, moving slowly through the sky. I say it was odd because not only was it so bright compared to the planes I had been photographing, but it also had no vapor trail. None of the other planes were without one. So I took a few pictures of it. I should have clicked my camera, a Nikon Coolpix 4200 to video, but I wasn't sure what I was seeing. I watched it for about 2 minutes, then went inside to tell my wife and mother about it. I was only inside maybe 15-20 seconds. When I stepped back out it had gone. At the original rate it was moving, had it held constant, it shouldn't have gone very far in that time. And if it was a plane, it should still have been in view in the areaI was looking in. But there was nothing. I went back inside and began looking at the pictures. The first one I looked at had everyone blinking in shock. As I zoomed in you could see the object, no vapor trail visible, and you could see from the light reflecting on it that it was ROUND! It looked like a big, silvery inner tube. I checked the other pictures out and all but one was too fuzzy to make out. As I went to crop one of the other pictures so you could get a better view of it, my hand slid wrong and enlarge the picture in a space above the UFO I was trying to crop. And I froze. My heart actually skipped a beat. In the sky above the bright UFO were 3 more dark objects. One was larger than the other and at an angle, with two smaller ones below it. I have cropped these with the bright UFO, and then separately so you can have an understanding of the perspective. The photos were taken in Cadillac, Michigan. ((NUFORC Note:;44.2504000000005;-85.4300000000002
