Saw a bright light, very high up, going up and down, stopping, zig zagging, and dissapearing upward;2014-08-27 21:52:00;2 minutes;Saw a bright light, very high up, going up and down, stopping, zig zagging, and disappearing upward I was walking in the parking lot of the Turtle Bay Resort on Oahu at the North Shore, looking at the stars.  I noticed a bright light in the sky at least twice as bright as the brightest star I could see.   As I was walking it seemed the light was moving, so I stopped and noticed it was moving west and was very high up.  At first I thought it might be a plane, but there was no blinking, just a solid white light.   The light began to turn toward the south and quickly ended up traveling eastward.  The light was moving very fast for how high it was, and it began to slow down.  The light dimmed a little, then proceeded to move in a zig zag motion continuing east. It slowed and zig zagged two more times.   The light then grew brighter and started moving faster east, then faded quickly.  It seemed that when the light grew in intensity it was descending and as it faded it was ascending.;21.6768;-157.9764
Multiple satellites connected with a solid streamer.  ((NUFORC Note:  Cluster of Starlink satellites.  PD));2019-11-12 19:00:00;2 minutes;Multiple satellites connected with a solid streamer Just outside of Turtle Bays outside restaurant. 7pm on the dot. I walked my son to the park benches near the water to watch the waves and I noticed 4 other people watching what appeared to be 20-30 white light satellites all in a perfect linear line orbiting the earth at a very high rate of speed. The lights did not flash in or out, brighten or dim. They stayed the same level of brightness throughout their orbit until the light was blocked from the Earth and they disappeared. The lights appeared to be connected with streamers from the first all the way to the rear. The streamers were the same diameter, level of brightness, and general distance from satellite to satellite as if they were in synchronization. The streamers also did not dim or get brighter with flairs of light. Everything was very consistent from one horizon to the other. It is important to state the altitude was also similar to one of a satellite, these were not close to standard aviation level! s. Good luck and look up.;21.6768;-157.9764
