Dancing Lights in sky as a child.;1987-03-01 01:00:00;1 hour;Dancing Lights in sky as a child. When I was 16 years old my bedroom windows faced south towards Boston. In the Winter I had a clear view from my window in Beachmont all the way to the Blue Hills in Quincy. (Across Logan Airport) Well one night I noticed in the sky pretty far away (I'd guess 10-20 miles) at about a 40 degree angle off the ground, two small but bright lights (about the intensity of Jupiter) chasing eachother in strange circles, zig zags, drops, changes of direction, reverses, stops and hovering. This went on for about an hour until the both zoomed upward and toward the west until they faded from view. I had the impression they must have been over quincy or farther south. I had seen airplanes out this window for 16 years up to that point and had never (nor have I since) seen anything like that. They were not airplanes. Just small, dancing, dots of lights.;42.4125;-71.0034
Light spotted cavorting in the sky near Revere.  ((NUFORC Note:  Report submitted by experienced amateur astronomer.  PD));2010-11-06 06:45:00;10 minutes;Light spotted cavorting in the sky near Revere On the morning of November 6th, 2010, at about 6:45 AM EDT (I remember the date specifically because the time changed the following morning), I stepped out on to my back deck to smoke a cigarette before leaving for work.  From the back deck, I have a view of a set of low hills to the north of the town where I live. I saw a bluish-white light travelling westward along the line of the hills.  Initially, I thought that there must be a road along the ridge and I was seeing a car travelling along it.  After several seconds, however, the light moved downward from my vantage point on another hill (meaning that the object appeared superimposed on the ridge line but was in fact between my location and the hills behind it) and moved back toward the east. After moving about 5 degrees eastward, the light moved upward, passing above the top of the hills from my vantage point, and then moved back westward.  The object did not rise to a high altitude because there are two radio towers visible to the north of my position, and the object did not appear to move higher than the top of either tower. I watched the object make numerous loops over a period of about ten minutes.  I estimate that the angular distance covered by the object from one side of the loop to the other was about five degrees.  The time required to cross this distance was five seconds-I timed it.  I later did a back of the envelope calculation to determine the object’s speed.  Assuming that the hills are three miles from my position, and that the end points of the object’s loop were equidistant from me (not true, but close enough to get an estimate), then we solve the triangle that results given that we know two sides and the included angle.  The distance from one side of the loop to the other is roughly one-quarter of a mile, and the object crossed this distance in five seconds.  The necessary speed works out to roughly 180 miles per hour. This speed is consistent with a small aircraft, but I could see no indication of lights other than the object itself, which appeared as a bluish-white light.  I’ve seen small biplane aircraft do aerobatic maneuvers at low altitude before, but only out in the country, and never over an area as densely settled as eastern Massachusetts.  And again, if it was an aircraft, where were the other lights?  The object appeared to me to be a light.  I did not see any suggestion of size or shape: what I saw was visible only as a point of light. There were low-lying clouds that morning. There was sufficient light to see by, but the sun had not yet come up frankly, the ambient light is not really relevant here anyway, because there is so much light pollution in eastern Massachusetts that I can see the outline of the hills even in the middle of the night because there are towns on the other side of them. I finally left off watching the object because I had to finish getting ready for work, but it was still making its loops. I am a college instructor of history, with more than 20 years worth of experience in amateur astronomy. In addition, I’ve spent 15 years working in planetariums.;42.4125;-71.0034
Bright light in sky zoomed by at an incredible speed.;2012-08-06 21:30:00;5 seconds;Bright light in sky zoomed by at an incredible speed. I was driving on a road surrounded by marsh so I had a great view of the sky. I looked up in the sky noticing the airplanes lights about to land at Logan when a bright light went by so fast it couldn't have been anything I ever saw before.  I thought maybe it could have been a comet or falling star but it looked like it was going up and was very bright and looked like a light.  It looked to be really low also.  It went into some clouds and then was gone.;42.4125;-71.0034
14 flashing lights sets of two's in a row above revere beach sky.;2014-09-01 20:30:00;5;14 flashing lights sets of twos in a row above revere beach sky Appeared to be 14 lights Mbe flashing in a row but in two's.  They were going pretty fast.  Definitely not planes we are near Logan Airport and see them 24/7.   We stopped the car to admire and take a picture and watched them pass.  Was extremely hard to focus on camera but was successful on getting two pictures!  I've never in my life have seen such a thing!  Amazed and confused!;42.4125;-71.0034
One of my friends saw a small white light and another red light next to the other one and he ask me if I could see it.;2015-09-27 12:30:00;10 minutes;We was at 107rc club flying RADIO CONTROL PLANES and one of my friends saw a small white light and another red light next to the other one and he ask me if I could see it and took few minutes so see it and was there a small white dot and other red dot in the blue sky.   Was far way but was there for around 10 minutes and we notice wasn't planes because also was plane at way less altitude flying going to land at Logan Airport.  Your field is around 7 miles from the airport. So I decide to search online about what was that and came across this web site.  So I decide to share what we saw it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.4125;-71.0034
