5-Foot Diameter Dull-Black Noiseless Sphere,  Buzzing Buildings;2002-08-08 15:00:00;1min 30 seconds;5-Foot Diameter Dull-Black Noiseless Sphere,  Buzzing Buildings On approximately August 8th, 2002, at approximately 3:00 pm, I was exiting a Dunkin Donuts shop on American Legion Highway, just down the street from Bell Circle (a traffic rotary) in Revere, Massachusetts.  The day was bright and sunny, with a blue sky and fluffy clouds.  The temperature was approximately 70 degrees.  It was a breezy day.  Upon exiting the store, I glanced across the 4-lane divided American Legion Highway toward the small Getty gas station directly across the highway from the donut shop.  My attention was immediately drawn to a solid black sphere, approximately the size of a large beach ball (about 5 feet in diameter) traveling no more than 30 feet in the air, coming from the direction of the Bell Circle traffic rotary. It was traveling in a straight line, at approximately 20 miles per hour, and its path was located behind the Getty station, heading in the direction of the 11-story Comfort Inn Hotel which is located just past the Getty station, if one is facing in a northerly direction in front of the station.  At first glance, I thought it was a child's large balloon, but the day was very breezy, and this object was traveling in a straight line, never once fluttering or wavering in its flight toward the gas station. The object was a dull, solid black in color, with absolutely no protrusions, or any other type of irregularities on it's surface... it was just a solid, dull black sphere.  As I watched the object, it continued its straight-line path toward the Comfort Inn Hotel. The traffic was light on the highway, and with the absence of vehicular traffic noise, I noted that I could hear no sound at all coming fron the object.  As it approached the Comfort Inn Hotel, its altitude was at about the 3rd story level, and as it got closer, it began to climb at approximately a 50-degree angle until it cleared the roof of the hotel, at which time it leveled off for a few seconds, then began climbing again at the same angle.  To get a better viewing angle, I crossed the highway and positioned myself directly behind the object, and I could see that it was still traveling in an absolute straight-line attitude, with a total absence of flutter or wavering, even though the tree branches and foliage were swaying with the breezes.  The object once again interrupted its climb, and began to descend at an approximately 40-degree angle, heading for the roof the New England Confectionary Company (NECCO Candy) building, located in the next lot north of the Comfort Inn, again if one is facing in a northerly direction next to the Getty station.  When the object came within 15-20 feet of the roof of the NECCO building, it again leveled off and traveled along the length of the roof, until it cleared the building.  At this point, the object once again began to climb on its 50-degree angle, in its straight-line attitude, heading for a large cloud.  It's speed never wavered from the approximate 20 miles per hour it was traveling when I first spotted it.  Still behind the object, I watched it climb toward the cloud until it was no longer visible.  The time-frame from when I first spotted the object, until it disappeared from view was approximately 1 1/2 minutes, as best I can recall.  There were no people on foot in the immediate vicinity, and no people in the few vehicles going by seemed to notice it, even though I was quite conspicuous in my observation of it, even pointing toward it to try and get the attention of someone in one of the vehicles.  As far as I could determine, I was the only one on the highway who saw the object, but I'm positive that someone MUST have seen it as it flew over the always-busy Bell Circle traffic rotary. I passed the rotary on my way home, but could see nobody on foot who may have seen the object.  To say that what I saw that day was strange and very highly unusual would be a monumental understatement!  It was a very exciting thing to see, and I can say without a doubt that this was no beach ball, child's balloon, or ANY balloon for that matter. This object, or craft, ot whatever it was, seemed to be intelligently controlled, in my personal opinion.  An exciting day in my life, and one that I'll never forget.  I assure all of you that this story is absolutely true. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness describes self as working in an industry that requires a substantial technical background.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.4125;-71.0034
Steady orange orb travelling north then straight up and disappeared.;2012-08-15 21:00:00;3 minutes;Steady orange orb travelling north then straight up and disappeared. Standing outside my front house and observed a slow moving silent steady orange orb traveling north. Suddenly this object moved vertically into the sky and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report appeared on a radio program, on the night of her sighting.  Object also witnessed by a law enforcement officer.  Object was seen to the south of Revere, which suggests that the object may have been in the vicinity of Boston's Logan Airport.  PD));42.4125;-71.0034
Two star like spherical objects glide across night sky deep in space.;2020-05-26 21:45:00;20 seconds;Two star like spherical objects glide across night sky deep in space. I was on the beach walking my dog. The night sky was as clear as I have ever seen it. It was so clear that I do not remember the last time I have seen this many stars in the sky. As I was staring up at the sky, I witnessed a small spherical object, the same brightness and distance as the stars, glide slowly across the sky until it disappeared. I thought I was seeing things, so I continued to stare up at the sky. Roughly 5 minutes later I witnessed the same thing happened again. I thought it could have been aircraft, but there were no flashing lights and these objects appeared to be deep into space and roughly the same size as the smaller stars. The second of the two objects that I saw had a periodic glare of bright light emitting from it, almost like the reflection of something off a rotating object.  I have witnessed meteor showers before, but this was nothing like it. These appeared to move slowly across the sky, but were moving very fast in relation to the position of the stars.;42.4125;-71.0034
