Multiple sighting in Campbell CA of spacecraft in detail;1981-03-01 22:00:00;3 minutes;Multiple sighting in Campbell CA of spacecraft in detail About this time in 1981 the following was observed. There had been sightings of lights and objects reported on the news at the local San Jose Airport. Even some friends were talking about the sitings. The next night after friends wer etalking we were sitting in a friends car outside of his house listening to the radio when we saw what appeared to be 3 lights go down behind the houses in the horizon. We both freaked and immediately drove in that direction but did not find anything and blew it of. A couple nights later we again were siting in the car but this time facing north listening to the radio when we saw a bright orange light approaching us. It appeared to be flying very low. My friend said it was a helicopter. Then all of a sudden it began to move back and forth eradictly. We both jumped out of the car as it flew directly overhead. It dimmed its lights and sat there motionless and silent overhead. It slowly turned off its lights and hovered above us. You could see all the detail of the ship. It had an observaton deck on the side and you could see inside a window and I noticed objects moving inside but could not make out any details other then something inside. The craft was probably about 1000 feet in the air. I would estimate that it was about 100 feet long. You could see dark burned looking edges on the craft. It was shaped like a cigar and had half domes in the back side of the craft that spun like gyros. In these gyros there was red and green lights. When the craft departed the gyros began to spin and the craft moved faster as the gyros spun. By this time my friend ran into the house to tell his parents while I just stood there staring. It finally took off and was instantly gone leaving a trail like Star trek. I was obviously freaked out. My friend ran out of the house and explained that his mom and dad were in the house watching the news as they were explaing that peopel were at the airport waiting to see the lights that were spotted the night before. We called the airport and they laughed. So they gave us the UFO report center number. I called and reported the sighting. To my surprise there is no record of our call. i have called back many time to check and checked all over many websites and have yet to see anything about it. Later that night I went to another friends house to tell him about it. We sat and looked for about an hour but saw nothing. When i got on my motorcycle to go home I noticed the orange ligth again towards the Santa Cruz Mountains. The light appeared to be moving towards my neighborhood again. I drove home quickly parked my bike on the side of the house and ran into the house. I looked out my window and the light was gone. The next day me and my friend told everyone. Everyone thought we were doing drugs. Even my aprents thought we were crazy or on drugs. About a wek later I was working as a custodian at a local school when I looked towards Los Gatos and saw the light. I went into a room and came out and it was gone. I was again kind of freaked out about it. I then put away all my equipment and was walking towards my bike when a truck load of friends came flying around the corner. They had just sighted the craft again at another friends house exactly where I was looking from the school. There was also anothe sighting for a short time early one evening but not competely confirmed because it was in a distance.;37.2810696969697;-121.957063636364
