Bright red light droping smaller orange lights from underneath, made a u turn heading southeast, dimed then winked out;2005-03-10 20:05:00;2 to 3 minutes;Bright red light droping smaller orange lights from underneath, made a u turn heading southeast, dimed then winked out At 10:05 p.m. mountian time I was getting out of my car and looked to the southeast and saw a very large bright red light.  I pointed it out to my grandson who was with me at the time. He asked me it if was an airplane. I watched it for a few seconds to be sure that it wasn't and told him no. I had he watch it while I got the 2 sets of binoculars out of my car and handed one to him.  We both watched it as is droped small orange lights down out of the bottom of it at least twice. All the time the light would get real bright then a few seconds later it would be so dim as to make it hard to see it with out aid.  As I watched it with unaided eyes it slowly moved in almost a u turn towards Boise Idaho witch is to the southeast of where I live. After a few seconds it dimed down to a very small point of light then winked out.  Lenght of sighting approx. 2 to 3 minutes. I am a field investigator for the International Community for Alien Research. My grandson is a 10 year old 5th grade student.;43.9106;-116.489
4 red/orange lights moving towards the next in line upwards untill all disappearing one at a time;2011-12-26 19:45:00;3 minutes;4 red/orange lights moving towards the next in line upwards untill all disappearing one at a time I turned on to our road and in the Northweswt sky I saw 4 bright red/orange lights they all looked to be the same distance apart like ballons on a string. I ran in the house and got my husband and there were only 3 but as we watched the bottom one (3) move  towards the second one and then it was gone leaving only two that one moved towards the last one left and then they were all gone. it was the strangest thing because you thought maybe helicopter/plane but we could here no noise and by the time the third one disappeared into the second one we knew the second one was going to move towards the last one and disappear and sure enough that is what happened.  And you could ask yourself maybe it disappeared in a cloud but they were all plain as day and you could see it move and disappear the last one was there until the next to last moved towards and reached it.  I tried to take pictures but nothing on my digital camera I was sure I had taken pictures (maybe in the excitment I missed the button);43.9106;-116.489
Two lights following in succession, one blue, one white.;2014-04-19 21:45:00;15 minutes;Two lights following in succession, one blue, one white. My cousin and I were outside talking and I was looking up at the sky, like I usually do at night, and I saw two lights.   I pointed them out to her, and we watched as they flew in a south by south easterly direction.  The lights were traveling at the same speed and stayed in a line and were an equal distance apart.   The leading light was a very bright white, like a LED flashlight white, and the following light was dimmer and a cobalt blue.  I believe they were on the same craft, but it is possible that they were two separate crafts.   There was no distortion of the stars that it passed or an identifiable silhouette of the craft, which leads me to believe that it could have been two separate crafts.;43.9106;-116.489
Diamond shaped light hovering over hills, radio station fuzzed out.;2016-02-20 16:00:00;4 minutes;Diamond shaped light hovering over hills, radio station fuzzed out. Sighted off the highway over the hills between Gem and Ada County.  First appeared as a diamond of light, but upon getting closer, looked to be spherical with lights along the side. It just hovered there.  The radio station went fuzzy for a moment as our car passed it, and then all was normal. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.9106;-116.489
three white orbs in a triangle formation slowly got closer then zoom off into the sky;2017-04-17 22:00:00;20-40 seconds;three white orbs in a triangle formation slowly got closer then zoom off into the sky I was at my Grandmothers house having some fun outside with my brother, we had a coyote caller and we were screwing around with them... if you hit the right pitch the would howl back  anyways he went to use it one more time and he didn't hit the pitch right, he and I were waiting to see if we would get a response. He then pointed in the sky and said look, there was tree lights that were like a very light yellow white-ish color, in a triangle formation, they started to move closer and closer together... about a few seconds after they got pretty close they shot up and disappeared,  about 15 minutes after my brother and i went inside with terrible headaches and nausea. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.9106;-116.489
