Craft seen coming through clouds at 45-dgree angle and then jetting off at another 45-degree angle.;2008-10-15 18:30:00;15 seconds;Craft seen coming through clouds at 45-dgree angle and then jetting off at another 45-degree angle. On October 15th, 2008 just after sunset at approximately, 6:30p.m. (18:30) I was having a conversation with my family and friends in our living room. From my vantage point, (on sofa looking through the rear door out onto our deck facing south, southeast) I witnessed an extremely large oval shaped object punch through a low deck of thick clouds. This object traveled somewhat slowly for about five seconds at a 45-degree angle towards the earth. At first I didn’t know what I was seeing and jumped from the sofa expecting that an enormous military craft was going to crash many miles away. I say this because I’ve never seen anything this giant in the sky before. To me, it appeared to be as large as an aircraft carrier and moved with that kind of ‘heaviness’ or ‘substance’. It was big, oval perhaps. Once on my feet my family reacted by asking what I was looking at and I replied that I really didn’t know, but to stay there…in case there was about to be an explosion. By this time…a few seconds later, I was throwing open the back door and was on the deck. I never lost sight of it. The craft began to speed up somewhat, crossed behind a tree close to me obscuring it for maybe a second. Once it cleared the tree (the tree was in my yard,..not far away as the craft seemed to be) the craft stopped mid-flight…just stopped. If there were humans in that thing,…they would have turned to jelly. Then there was a flash of the reddest, red I’ve ever seen and it shot off to the horizon like a lightning bolt. This final movement was at another 45-degree angle to its angle of descent. It was a relatively clear evening with some low cirrus clouds…just before twilight. I have never witnessed anything I couldn’t identify in the sky in my life. I am an avid amateur astronomer and am familiar with objects that appear in the sky…day and night. I am also a professional photographer and have never witnessed or photographed the color ‘red’ that the craft emitted before it jetted off. None of my family saw the thing and that’s why I have not reported it. I know with no proof of fact,..it’s just a story. Yet, my family and friends DID see my reaction to it and they can tell you I’ve not moved that quickly in years. The reason I report this now is that my wife just read today about some sightings in Stephenville, TX. I watched the amateur video footage and saw something that resembled that color ‘red’ in the lights that were recorded. My wife requested me to report what I’d seen. Hope this helps,  Scott Palmer;35.0728;-87.4238
