Multiple UFO sighting with possible contact;2011-08-24 22:00:00;1.5 HRS;Multiple UFO sighting with possible contact UFO SIGHTING 8/23/11  On August 23, 2011 at approximately 22:00 hours I stepped outside to have a cigarette. As I gazed at the sky I noticed a strange bright light, brighter than a star in the South Southwest Sky just under and to the left of the Big Dipper.  It seemed as if it may have been 10 to 20 miles away.  It had multicolored lights  moving around the bright light horizontally while the bright white light was pulsating in a rhythmic fashion.  The multicolored lights changed color almost as if the colors were smoothly changing from color to color like a prism or color wheel.  This immediately got my attention. I continued to watch for 15 minutes and noticed that it did not move, at least not that I could perceive. I then went and got my wife whom saw it herself and made me aware that there were 2 additional lights pulsating in unison with the initial anomaly.  The other 2 lights were smaller and only white with no other colors like the initial anomaly.  A three formed a triangle. The other 2 were only visible for 10 – 15 minutes.  When my wife and I confirmed at 22:30 hrs that it had not moved I called my friend who lives 20 miles away and in the direction of the object.  While on the phone with my friend, I described the area of the sky it was in and he was able to locate it.  We were very excited as this is a topic we are interested in and have been sky watchers for some time.  The points that compelled our belief that it was a UFO were as follows:   1. they did not move.  2. No conventional aircraft has lights that are blue, green, red, yellow, etc. &  3. It seemed way too high of an al! titude to be a helicopter. I then went inside the house and ended the phone call with an understanding that he would continue to watch it and call me if he saw any changes.  At about 23:30 I took the dog out and noticed it was gone. I scanned the sky and noticed it was now resting in another area of the sky.  If it were originally at 7 o’clock it was now at 11 o’clock and not moving. I observed for 10 – 15 minutes. This is where it gets strange. I consciously focused on the object and asked a series of questions in my mind. “What are you?”, “What are your intentions?”, “Where did you come from?”, “I want to know”. Immediately, my son came running out the front door in a panic. He told me when he came down stairs for a drink he saw a white hooded figure out of the corner of his eye. He said it looked like a white towel floating in the air and it moved. He said when he turned to look at it, it vanished. He was visibly shaken. I listened to his description then comforted him and tucked him in bed. Bear in mind my wife was sleeping at this point. I played around on the internet and went to bed at about 1 AM. The next morning my wife tells me she came downstairs in the middle of the night and saw a hooded white figure with no face in the same spot in the office as my son had seen. They had not spoken of this to each other. The difference was that she saw it facing her with just a black area where a face should be. She was visibly shaken and had goose bumps as she recounted her experience. She said that although it was very real and bizarre, she felt at peace and it did not scare her. We did not talk about this around our son as he is too young for these things. The possibility of one of them contaminating the other’s memory was very small as I made every attempt to control my personal investigation of the white figure. I had them go into separate rooms and draw what they had seen. They drew very similar pictures. The figure had human shape and only visible from the waist area up. It stood approximately 6’ tall. It moved when my son saw it. It seemingly looked at my wife. Obviously this incident shook us up a bit. I don’t know what the significance of it is is but I do know they are related. We have never, in 7 years in this house, seen anything out of the ordinary. We are sane people. We are confused.;38.9253;-75.5889
