Me and my buddy were driving south from up north DE, we werw approximately in Milford almost to Lewes and as we were driving I being in;1999-06-01 19:00:00;15-30 seconds;Me and my buddy were driving south from up north DE, we werw approximately in Milford almost to Lewes and as we were driving I being in the passenger seat was looking up at thw sky and I saw a blue light that looked just like a shooting star size and everything except it was moving much much slower across the sky, from.right to left, moving upper right going downward left at about 45ยบ angle, it did have a short tail behind it and eventually after watching it for a good 30 seconds it finally disappeared behind trees in the distance from what I could see.  I actually was waiting for a loud bang or an explosion in the car distance because I didn't know if it maybe was a bomb or a meteor etc etc.  I was a little freaked out, being I've never seen anything like it before and haven't since.   Again,  it was like a really slow shooting star but In our atmosphere and going downward,  blue with a short tail behind it.  Was definitely  experience.   I asked my buddy if he ! had also seen it and he caught the last second before gone cause he was driving and it was night time.  I've always wondered what I saw that night.  Looked online through the last year's just hoping someone else posted the same thing somewhere but still haven't so I guess I'm alone in it.  This is complete truth and I wish we had the phones we got now days because I definitely would have had it on camera.  We were driving down rt1 going back down the beaches coming from Wilmington, DE, so straight south and it was pretty much straight ahead but just up to ths righta and ahead, was really cool looking. Just crazy to me that no-one else seen this blue streak of light I saw that night. Fyi, the date and time is not prefect, it was between early 1999 to beginning of 2000, and even possible that it may have been middle 1998.  I seen one other person on this site that did see a blue green light around the same time in 1998 Just wish I remembered exactly what month and day at least.  Thanks for the time and hopefully someone else remembers seeing ! this same light.   Sincerely ((initials deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.9187;-75.4291
Three family members saw a green fireball, about the size of a tennis ball, travel E to W for 3 seconds, with trailing red-orange spark;2008-08-03 22:00:00;3 seconds;Three family members saw a green fireball, about the size of a tennis ball, travel E to W for 3 seconds, with trailing red-orange spark Three members of our family were sitting on our deck, enjoying the cool breeze, and were trying to see the ISS, which was supposed to come over. We didn't see the ISS, but my wife saw a green fireball, which was trailing red-orange sparks, and a long white tail, with green and red mixed in. She said Look. My son and granddaughter looked up in time to see the object. It was traveling from east to west. It appeared about 60-70 degrees above the southern horizon. It lasted about 3 seconds. What was interesting, was that it was long enough, for my son and granddaughter to react, and observe it. Unfortunately, I had gone inside to check on the internet, regarding the time of the ISS passage, and missed it. It was the first time the three had ever seen a fireball. The object looked like the size of a tennis ball, held at arms length, and the tail was as wide as the fireball was thick. The object eventually disappeared over our roof, as our deck is on the east side of our house. Therefore, we don't know if it continued to be  visible. However, my wife is sure it was visible for about 3 seconds, at least. What was strange, though, is that it seemed to travel parallel to the ground, not descending, as one would expect, if it were entering the atmosphere.;38.9187;-75.4291
