flashing light high in sky.;1999-09-05 21:33:00;00:03;((NUFORC Note:  Report is not inconsistent with sighting of either a tumbling rocket booster, or an Iridium satellite.  Either can be a truly eye-catching event in the night sky.)) flashing light high in sky. 	On Sunday the fifth of September, at 21:33 hours, I was in my front yard, satellite spotting.  I do this just to keep an eye on the sky.  On this night I spotted what looked, at first, as a standard satellite silently moving from the north to the south.  As it passed, from my vantage, just west of Altair.  I watched it pass to the south, I attempted to located it in my binoculars, and I was caught off guard as a bright strobe light went off.  I quickly tried to identify this object as an aircraft, I say quickly because it was still moving very fast, but I could not see any other running or marker lights.  The object displayed three levels of luminosity.  First it was dim, like a normal satellite, then the strobe went off, after which the luminosity was in-between.  I tried to keep it in view, but after a few more seconds, even with the flashing strobe, it vanished.  I am sorry that I could not give exact times, I had to turn on a flashlight to see my watch which read 21:33.  I know that I am not a trained observer, and may not have conveyed or missed what you might be considered valuable information, but I hope you might find this report worth some type of interest.;37.6771;-113.062
Bright Light from the heavens illuminated me like a spotlight, dims and disappears;2002-08-10 21:30:00;10 sec;Bright Light from the heavens illuminated me like a spotlight, dims and disappears My friend and I were watching the stars. We were seated approximately 3 feet apart. Something caught my attention. I looked up into a light so bright it left me seeing spots for several minutes. My friend was looking in my direction and said I was engulfed in a glow of light like a stage light but the light never touched him. After a few seconds the light dimmed and appeared to be a sattelite moving north to south about 20 degrees until it disappeared.;37.6771;-113.062
stead single white dot heading southeast then rose straight up and vanished;2010-05-14 21:35:00;2min;stead single white dot heading southeast then rose straight up and vanished Outside I was walking my guests to their truck while on the stairs we saw a little round white light heading southeast at a steady pace.   No other colored lights or flashing lights were seen as it moved across the sky.  As it got near the mountains it started rise or head up because the light started to become more and more faint and it disapeared;37.6771;-113.062
Bright, white, star-like UFO over Cedar City at 1500 on sunny day.;2011-10-11 15:00:00;8 seconds;Bright, white, star-like UFO over Cedar City at 1500 on sunny day. I saw a faint white light, like a dim star, but it was the middle of the day against the blue, sunny sky while driving north on I-15. I was in construction, so I had to keep looking away, but I looked down then back up and it grew brighter and brighter, until it looked like a very bright planet but a little bigger. I thought it was a plane, banking, with the sun reflecting off of it, but it dimmed again, grew bright again, then disappeared. I kept looking for a plane for minutes after and there was nothing.  Only other thing I think it could've been naturally was a meteor that was coming straight at me and burned up, as it didn't move, it hovered.  Amazing as a skeptic... very excited, as it was my first UFO experience!;37.6771;-113.062
Solid, alternating green and red lights hover and move in a consistent area.;2015-09-29 21:00:00;5-10 minutes;Solid, alternating green and red lights hover and move in a consistent area. A pair of hovering lights was seen north-north west of Cedar City.  They appeared to be a few miles away.  At a glance, it seemed like one solid, bright green light hovering in the sky. Then we noticed it change from a bright solid red to a bright solid green.   Upon using binoculars, we found that it was actually a pair of red or green lights.  The object hovered for several seconds, moved quickly and linearly in a random direction, then hovered again, motionless in the sky.  It repeated in this fashion several times.  At regular intervals, the lights changed back and forth from solid green to solid red. This could have been some sort of drone, but I've never seen anything quite like it before.  We lost sight of the aircraft when it appeared to be landing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.6771;-113.062
A star-like light which diverged into two lights which moved apart from one another and faded from view in the night sky.;2019-08-10 22:10:00;5 seconds;A star-like light which diverged into two lights which moved apart from one another and faded from view in the night sky. My girlfriend and I stepped out onto my front porch and I immediately looked up at the stars as I usually do. I noticed an out of place very bright star with an apparent magnitude of around 1 in the northeastern sky, about 60 degrees above the horizon. Almost immediately after spotting it, the light broke into two lights of an apparent magnitude of about 0. These lights moved away from one another at a steady velocity and both faded in brightness until they were no longer visible.  One moved northwards, the other southwards. They each moved across about 1/10 of the sky before they faded from sight in less than 5 seconds. I saw them diverge and move apart, and when I pointed it out my girlfriend commented on the bright moving light, as she only saw one. We are both college students with a paper published in the field of astronomy, and have both spent a lot of time looking at stars and the night sky. These objects moved similarly to a satellite, but the bright! ness was unusual. Unless I happened to look up as two unusually bright satellites crossed paths, I cannot think of any explanation for their identity.;37.6771;-113.062
