Unknown object seen in sky, with lighted tail.  Changed directions and altitude,rapidly. Had appx 30 meter tail that looked like spark;1999-07-23 23:00:00;5-10 min.;Unknown object seen in sky, with lighted tail.  Changed directions and altitude,rapidly. Had appx 30 meter tail that looked like sparks Around 11:00pm, we were driving south bound on I15, between St. George and Cedar City, Utah.  We saw what looked like a firework shoot up into the air, we watched as it continued to climb at great speed.  It then stopped and seemed to be hovering in one place for appx 10 sec. then it shot completly horizontal to the left.  It then stopped and began moving upward again, it hesitated again,then started what looked to be a 'nose dive.'  It got so close to the ground we thought it was a plane crashing, then suddenly it shot straight up.(similar to the motion of a yo-yo) Then the tail of light disapeared.  When the tail went out, we could see one flashing blue light, and one flashing red light, and what looked to be 4 flashing yellow lights. It seemed to be airplane lights, but the thing that made us wonder was the speed at which it traveled, verticaly and horizontaly, and the way it would hover or hesitate, there didn't seem to be a possible way that a personal prop plane or jet could manuver this way, and there was no sound. This happened for about 5 minutes.  There were several people pulled off to the side of the road looking and taking pictures.  We did take 3-4 pictures, but they have not been developed yet. What we saw was an object which seemed to be the size of a small prop plane, with a appx 30 meter tail of what seemed to be sparks.  There was no sound.  It was able to move unlike any flying object that we know of.;37.6771;-113.062
3 of us photographed multiple  red, blue, green white obj.s in night sky for about 2 hrs then toward the W a huge moon-like object.;2005-01-22 20:00:00;2 hours;3 of us photographed multiple  red, blue, green white objects in night sky for about 2 hrs then toward the West a huge moon-like object January 22, 2005  Just after sundown, near dark and dark, we were out in the yard just North of Cedar City, Utah, and seen several star-like lights in the sky but they were moving back and forth and all around.  We went into the house and got the binoculars and camera. While looking through the binoculars you could see multi-colored lights, red, blue, yellow, green, white and what appeared to be dark colored windows in the sides of the objects.  Each object was a different shape and size, with very bizarre shapes. We took several photographs of these objects that finally moved toward the West and stopped again near a giant white light that looked like a 3/4  odd shaped moon.  We also photographed this white light and continued to watch the colored objects moving around - then all of a sudden they all disappeared. We still have these photos of the objects but they have to be magnified on the computer to see the windows and all of the colored lights.  Someone may want to look at these photos and possibly blow them up for a closer examination.;37.6771;-113.062
Pure white, floating 747  or 737.;2008-10-15 16:00:00;30 seconds;Pure white, floating 747  or 737. I was traveling from Salt Lake City, Utah to Mesquite, Nevada.  I was going down I-15, when I noticed a huge jet going NE.  It looked like a 747, to me.  As I watched it, I noticed something unsettling.  The jet was pure white, with no markings anywhere, whatsoever.  I was looking for a Presidential seal actually, because Bush was a lame duck, and I thought he might be sneaking in a trip to Zions National Park, which is a short drive from Cedar City.  However, the longer I looked at the jet, the weirder things go.  I mean, it was only about 200 feet up, traveling below the line of a mesa...and, it was going about 50-75 miles per hour, AT MOST.  Also, it should be noted that the local airport there was (A) not in the area of the jet, and (B)it just looked like it was FLOATING, not flying.  It made no noise. I am posting this, as I read of someone on your site who saw something very similar.  I continued to watch it...then, thought it may be a good idea to watch where I was going.  I looked up again, and it was gone. I was absolutly flabbergasted.  I know a jet when I see one, and they are usually higher than 200 feet, and they usually fly more than 50 mph, don't they???;37.6771;-113.062
Odd yellow light came closer and appeared to have a non-plane type movement, pulsed.  ((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering space debris.  PD));2015-12-22 19:05:00;5 minutes;Odd yellow light came closer and appeared to have a non-plane type movement, pulsed or had lights rotating around it. I was driving 10 miles west of Cedar City, UT at 7:05 in the evening.  Headed west and saw peculiar light in the SW sky.  Watched it, because it didn't look like a plane or planet. Developed a tail and thought it was a meteor.  But it didn't burn out, it kept going and getting closer.   As it became closer (heading towards east s/e) the tail was lights that revolved around the object or maybe the object seemed to pulse.  The lights were multicolored and the object would disappear for periods. 5-10 seconds at a time.  Appeared to be beneath clouds, as I originally thought it might be going behind clouds.   Pulled over and shut off truck to get better look.  After disappearing and then reappearing 3-4 times it disappeared for good.  It was difficult to follow optically for some reason. Like it was shifting or out of focus.  After I got home I could see no sign of it but another plane was moving in the same direction.  Couldn't tell what type of plane that was. ((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering space debris.  PD));37.6771;-113.062
