Bright light over Cedar City Utah nightly around 8pm.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of a star, we suspect.  PD));2011-10-16 21:00:00;10 to 20 min;Bright light over Cedar City Utah nightly around 8pm Somewhere between 8pm and 8:15pm a very bright white object, round when using a telescope appears over cedar city.  It comes from a different location each time, but mostly comes from either the north or the west, goes in a straight line across the city then when it gets over the mountain it begins to dim.  It first turns yellow then red then with a small flash like a camera flash it disappears. It has been happening nightly to several times a week for the past 2 months. The color of the bright white is like a very bright halogen.  Brighter than any star or moon or sun. It’s white light is just as bright if it is coming towards us or going away from us.  It’s intensity never changes. There are no blinking lights of red or any other color. It is steady and strong till it dims and disappears. There is an airport nearby but no airplane has anywhere near this bright intensity. It is probably around 10,000 feet, moves very smoothly. No beams of light come from it. The light is just itself glowing brightly. When viewed via binoculars or telescope the shape cannot be seen until it dims and turns yellow or red. Then it is clearly a round object. The flash is almost as if it is entering some type of fast transport mode either leaving with a speed beyond visible sight or entering something and disappearing. It was first noticed by my wife and I while dropping kids off at grandmas. Then the following day it came again. Since them we make it a nightly ritual to be outside by 8 to wait for it. When seen it is enormous. Larger than any star or plane in the area. It is relevant to 2 or 3 times the size of Jupiter as seen from our yard. The intensity of the light gives it a starry appearance with offshoots of brilliance. Last night we had the whole family over, 8 of us and we all watched it as it came over then disappeared over the landslide area in the canyon. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of a star, we suspect.  PD));37.6771;-113.062
Noiseless, extremely fast pair of lights.;2013-10-22 20:55:00;7 seconds;Noiseless, extremely fast pair of lights. Every evening I step outside, if it's clear, and stare at the sky for 5 minutes or so.  This particular evening I was looking at a couple of jetliners crossing the sky when, immediately over my head I observed two dim lights, next to each other, moving quite rapidly from North to South.  It was probably only five seconds or so until this thing was out of sight as it was moving extremely fast, unlike the planes that seemed to crawl across the sky.  This object made no sound whatsoever.  I went out an hour later and was lucky enough to observe the ISS flying over, but did not see the object again. Whatever it was was VERY fast and was definitely a structured flying object.;37.6771;-113.062
