Observed Bizarre UFO Hovering over Trees-Lake- & then Flew right over our head while watching the meteor shower.;2016-08-12 01:00:00;20 minutes;Observed Bizarre UFO Hovering over Trees-Lake, & then Flew right over our head while watching the meteor shower I went with 4 friends to watch the meteor shower at Lincoln Woods in Lincoln, RI,.  We parked in a neighborhood, and walked through the woods, until we got to a large dirt square opening with benches.  The area was overlooking a lake/pond.  We all were just chillin/hanging out, looking for meteors.. which I had never seen before, so it was very cool.  I was laying on the ground on my back, and I had two friends on the bench and the others were just standing around at the time. my friend was saying there was this super bright light that was rising across the lake.  I got off the ground to see what she was talking about, because she was trying to figure out if it was actually rising or if it was a meteor or what. so we all started watching this bright light and at first it kind of looked like it could belong to a tower or something... but then it started rising way more over the trees... same size same brightness... and we were just like what is that... and then it start! ed coming toward us...like it all of a sudden was hovering over the middle of the lake it came from being the bright light rising then all of sudden was right over the lake:.. I was saying holy **** like we are going to get sucked up, like I didn't know what we were going to do, it was very low to the ground compared to how you see objects fly.... but then it just flew right over our heads .... it was a triangle and had green red and white lights or something along those lines... they were verryyy bright and they had a few different colors which I think was green red and white but maybe was plus or minus a color ... anyways I couldn't stop thinking about this and like what the heck was that so I googled if anyone else has seen anything like that and found this website;41.9073;-71.4351
