Brilliant orange orb like object with flickering fiery tail fluctuating orange light, nearly rocket like exhaust.;2013-07-03 21:45:00;5-7 minutes;Brilliant orange orb like object with flickering fiery tail fluctuating orange light, nearly rocket like exhaust. Addendum to original filing of 07/05/2013  Re: Date of sighting was in error the actual date of sighting was 07/03/2013 21:45 pm, day was mistakenly reported as July 4th actual date of sighting was July 3rd. 2013 This is the only change in the account. Corrected version below. Reported to:  http://www.nuforc.org/  on July 5th 2013   On July 3rd 2013 at or about 9:45 p.m. I was watching fireworks from my yard on the North side of my garage. I live in Crestline, Ohio. As I watched the fireworks display at the local High School from my yard I noticed what I thought was even more fireworks out of the corner of my eye, through the tree limbs and leaves to my right. As the Glow of these extra fire works became more noticeable for some reason, I began to watch them or as it turned out to watch it. I observed a large glowing object with a fluctuating orange semi structured, moving orb like craft. I call it a craft because it was definitely under intelligent control. The object left the obscured view from the trees and leaves and showed itself to be moving slightly slower than a small private plane and as the object entered clear sky after a short light misty rain, an orange spherical like object with a fluctuating tail, resembling a rocket engine exhaust flame, slowly navigated from the eastern sky at maybe 3000 ft about the lower altitude of a small private plane. I estimate the size to be similar to the size of  a small Cessna at that altitude coming from the direction of  north Mansfield, Ohio as this orange slow comet like object,  with a flickering orange tail approached the center of the village of Crestline the craft made a gentle course correction to due north towards Cleveland from the east to west trajectory the craft had been on.  When the craft was directly overhead there was no sound from any jet engine or a prop. In fact there was no sound at all. It seemed to me only a helicopter could go that slowly and not fall out of the sky but there was no pressure wave from any rotors. And helicopters don't usually glow orange and have a flickering definitely orange tail. This all happened with in the space/time of about 5-7 minutes and the craft gradually and gently increased it's altitude, disappeared into the northern night sky seemingly on its way to Cleveland.  This object was so unusual it drew my attention to it, I have never seen anything like it in the night sky other than a very distant meteor but meteors do not change course and usually have a bluish cast and remain in one trajectory. I have no idea what this object was. I do think this observation merits reporting because of the uniqueness of the circumstances. Make of it, what you will, perhaps more sightings of this object will come to light near the same date and time and geographical location. For me it will remain a UFO for the time being. I do not drink or use drugs. I was sitting on a lawn chair in alight misty rain watching the fireworks display when I noticed the object.  JM Crestline, Ohio  7-5-2013 report date;40.7961;-82.7352000000001
Large orange craft with flickering fiery orange tail over fire works field. UFO Under intelligent control.;2013-07-04 21:45:00;5-7 minutes;Large orange craft with flickering fiery orange tail over fire works field. UFO Under intelligent control. On July 4th 2013 at or about 9:45 p.m. I was watching fireworks from my yard on the North side of my garage. I live in Crestline, Ohio.  As I watched the fireworks display at the local High School from my yard I noticed what I thought was even more fireworks out of the corner of my eye, through the tree limbs and leaves to my right.  As the Glow of these extra fire works became more noticeable for some reason, I began to watch them or as it turned out to watch it. I observed a large glowing object with a fluctuating orange semi structured, moving orb like craft. I call it a craft because it was definitely under intelligent control.  The object left the obscured view from the trees and leaves and showed itself to be moving slightly slower than a small private plane and as the object entered clear sky after a short light misty rain, an orange spherical like object with a fluctuating tail, resembling a rocket engine exhaust flame, slowly navigated from the eastern sky at maybe 3000 ft about the lower altitude of a small private plane. I estimate the size to be similar to the size of  a small Cessna at that altitude coming from the direction of  north Mansfield, Ohio as this orange slow comet like object,  with a flickering orange tail approached the center of the village of Crestline and the fire works display field, the craft made a gentle course correction to due north towards Cleveland from the east to west trajectory the craft had be! en on.  When the craft was directly overhead there was no sound from any jet engine or a prop. In fact there was no sound at all. It seemed to me only a helicopter could go that slowly and not fall out of the sky but there was no pressure wave from any rotors. And helicopters don't usually glow orange and have a flickering definitely orange tail. This all happened with in the space/time of about 5-7 minutes and the craft gradually and gently increased it's altitude, disappeared into the northern night sky seemingly on its way to Cleveland.  This object was so unusual it drew my attention to it, I have never seen anything like it in the night sky other than a very distant meteor but meteors do not change course and usually have a bluish cast and remain in one trajectory. I have no idea what this object was. I do think this observation merits reporting because of the uniqueness of the circumstances. Make of it, what you will, perhaps more sightings of this object will come to light near the same date and time and geographical location. For me it will remain a UFO for the time being. I do not drink or use drugs, I was eating watermelon in a lawn chair enjoying the fireworks in a light misty rain. I could not discern the actual shape of the craft itself only the dimensions of the bright flickering rocket engine like orange glow from what I assume was directly behind the craft.   Crestline, Ohio  7-4-2013 21:45;40.7961;-82.7352000000001
