I saw a saucer shaped, somewhat transparent object moving through the air very slowly about 200 feet from my house for about 1 minute.;1990-10-31 18:30:00;30seconds to 1 minute;I saw a saucer shaped, somewhat transparent object moving through the air very slowly about 200 feet from my house for about 1 minute. Ok here is my story.  It was Halloween which is why I remember the exact date, but don't exactly remember which year.  Around 6:00 to 6:30 my friend and I were going to be going out trick or treating and we were at my house getting ready and we went into the kitchen.  My friend was the first one to spot it.  He said to me hey look out the window, look at that, do you see it?    Well at first I didn't even know what he was talking about.  Then I saw what he was referring to.  Keep in mind there was still a little light left outside and the sun was just setting.  I could see this object in the sky, which was actually pretty close.  I would say about 200 feet away.   The object did seem to have a similar shape that people seem to describe when they see so called UFO's.  Now here is the part that I have never heard anyone describe.  The object seemed to be almost invisible, but you could still see it.  If you have seen the movie predator where the creature could turn invisible, well it had a similar type transparency.  So we both just sat there looking out the window at this strange thing and it was not horizontal with the ground, but leaning to its side and was slowly moving to our right.  Then it slowly started moving up and to the right and then it started to move behind some trees and the neighbor's house and that was it.... it was gone.  To this day I don't know why I didn't go run behind my neighbor’s house and try to continue watching it.  Well that is my story, which I am sure most people will think that I am full of crap, but have a clear memory of the event and I know what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));38.7326;-76.5826
