Blinding green light lit up my bedroom with the blinds fully closed..with no noise.;1997-07-10 01:30:00;15 minutes;Blinding green light lit up my bedroom with the blinds fully closed..with no noise. I was asleep this July evening, and around 1:30 AM I was suddenly awakened to my entire bedroom glowing a bright neon green. The levelore blinds were closed, but it didnt seem to matter. The walk-in closet was bright green, as was the bathroom.  My bedroom door was open, and the hallway was pitch black. My boyfriend was asleep next to me, and I tried like hell to wake him up..but he wouldnt.   As I looked around the room, I thought I was going to see little grey men. There was no noise whatsoever. Since my boyfriend wouldnt wake up I had this feeling something was going to happen, so I got up really quick and ran down the hallway.  I rounded the corner to the living room, and glanced at the clock. I had heard of missing time and wanted to document it in my mind. The living room was dark as it should be.  As I grabbed the doorknob to the deck, I knew the green light in the bedroom quit.  There was never any noise, and Im not sure how I knew that light was gone.   I looked back at the clock and it had only been a few minutes..so I wasnt missing any time.  I went back down the hallway and stood in the bedroom doorway, and said my boyfriends name. He sat up and said  What.  He is a very light sleeper, and it doesnt take him much to wake up. I told him what happened and he thought there was someone in the house.  I explained to him about the green glow, and that I tried to wake him up.  He had bruising on his shoulder as a result of me shaking him.  In the morning I phoned the manager of the apartments and the Sheriff.  A deputy came out and took a report.  We determined that there is no way a beam of green light came from the apartment building in front of us that would be strong enough to not only penetrate the blinds, but light up the closet and the bathroom with no noise, nor would anyone know I was enroute to the living room to open the door to the deck.   It was a very frightening night for me, and not one I will ever forget.  I was amazed however that the Sheriff's deputy actually took me seriously. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.1456971830985;-122.288996244131
We watched the object hovering for about 12 minutes when it streaked out of sight, it was alarming;2005-07-31 15:15:00;10-12 minutes;We watched the object hovering for about 12 minutes when it streaked out of sight, it was alarming Approximately 3:15PM while at my friends home, I was directed by her to an object in the sky. Clear blue skies with no visible clouds was the background to the object we became curious about.  It was too far up or away to make out a shape but, I went to get her binoculars & through them was able to distinguish it as Silver object with a bright Turf Green & red-orange light.  It's location was North-East of the home & we looked up at it at an approximate 45-50* angle.  We thought it was a hot air balloon but thought it was odd for it to be so high.  It seemed to just hover at the same altitude & location for 8-10 minutes from when we spotted it then it began to get smaller or further away for a couple minutes becoming harder to find when we looked away but, still visible without the binoculars.  A small jet passed flying Northwest almost intersecting our view of the object & then shortly after that a commercial jet flying higher & a similar direction passed both giving us the impression that the object was both further away & at a higher altitude.  About 12-13 minutes into the sighting the object streaked out of my sight (One thousand Two) & it was gone. T his really startled me since I had resolved myself to this object being a balloon.  Its direction of exit was downward to my right at approximately 15-20 degrees which might have been South to South Easterly.  We watched the two Jets fly by earlier from a closer distance & they were slow compared to the speed at which this object Zoomed out of sight. I then called 911. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.1456971830985;-122.288996244131
If just was dark for a few seconds. we did not hear a air liner outside.;2015-06-22 14:00:00;1 second;if just was dark for a few seconds. we did not hear an air liner outside. my daughter and I where standing in the dining room. then the hole back yard went dark.  we do live close to an airport. If it where a airliner it must have been real big. we could not see the trees in the back yard. no clouds in the sky. 2:00 in the afternoon;47.1456971830985;-122.288996244131
Two bright orange lights moving to the south, southwest.;2015-07-04 23:00:00;30-60 seconds;Two bright orange lights moving to the south, southwest. On the evening of July 4th at around 11:30 P.M.  My wife and I were standing on our deck in our back yard watching the neighbors firework displays.  I looked to the east, through the trees and saw what appeared to be a solid orange light moving in a south, southwest direction at a speed relatively close to an to a commercial jet. A couple of months ago I made a report to this site about a triangular object with an exceptionally bright solid white light.  As that object moved to the south and disappeared, the light turned to an orange and the object disappeared.  The orange light on this craft was exactly like the light of the triangular craft from my first report. I realized it was something different when I noticed that it had no blinking lights and was definitely not part of a fireworks display.  I quickly pointed it out to my wife and she was somewhat baffled as to what it could be.  She only caught a short view, maybe 5-10 seconds before it disappeared behind the trees.  I ran into the house, grabbed the binoculars from the table and ran out the front door to pick up it's trajectory.   Once outside, I immediately, picked up the object but just as I put the binoculars on it, it disappeared completely. I lowered the binoculars to see if I could see it with a wider field of view and I spotted a second light of the exact same type, coming out from behind the trees and following the same course as the original, but it appeared to be further in the distance as it looked somewhat smaller. I started to raise the binoculars again and this light also disappeared. I scanned the area just the same and one thing stood out, the sky was completely cl! ear where both objects disappeared and the stars in the background were completely visible, there was no obstruction to block my view of either object.  The whole incident probably lasted right at or under one minute. These two objects were coming from the northeast and they disappeared very near to where I lost sight of the first object back in April. As with the first sighting, these objects made no sound. When I asked my wife what she thought, she said that they looked similar to lights on an airplane but she agreed that it was weird that they wouldn't have any blinking lights or that their lights would be orange. It's possible that rising smoke from all of the fireworks could have given them an orange hue but about ten minutes later a commercial jetliner crossed the path that they had taken and it looked white with two blinking lights. It was very clear that the lights that we saw were completely different. The lights, even in orange looked exceptionally bright.  I stated in my first report that we live near joint base Lewis/McChord and we've seen plenty of military traffic go over our home. This was nothing like anything we've seen. I scanned some other reports from our general location and noticed that I'm not the only one who has described similar objects. Just wondering if they could be testing something at the base? This base isn't normally known for that I kind of activity but I have a limited knowledge of what they do there on the Air Force side.  The sky was clear, no wind and just for the record, I don't drink, do drugs or take medication of any kind.  I'm not saying that these things are extra terrestrial, most things have a logical explanation, but this one has me stumped.  If you have any suggestions I would be open to hear them. Until then I guess I'll keep looking in that area to see if this happens regularly.  One last question regarding the lights. If there was no obstruction in my view, which there was not, I have never heard of an aircraft, much less two, that suddenly turn off all of their exterior lights when flying at night. If it were a plane, why would they do that?;47.1456971830985;-122.288996244131
Loud electronic sound coming from the area towards (soon to be) vanlerop park and E Pioneer and heading towards Orting, could not see.;2017-09-03 22:45:00;5 minutes;Loud electronic sound coming from the area towards (soon to be) vanlerop park and E Pioneer and heading towards Orting, could not see. My brother, boyfriend and I heard a loud, growing and indescribable electronic sound out of an upstairs window of our house facing vanlirop field and East Pioneer.  We could not locate or see a source (it was pretty dark).  We ran outside to our backyard towards the sound and by then it was heard off to the left further up pioneer toward Orting, fading into the distance.  It seemed too loud to be coming from a car, we could hear normal car sounds and this wasn't relative to any of them.;47.1456971830985;-122.288996244131
