Military flyovers more common, no miltary base for miles;2010-04-01 15:10:00;10 minutes;Military flyovers more common, no miltary base for miles i was in my house when i heard a rumbling, Sounded like a jet, nothing out of the ordinary how ever it was loud and distintive so i figure its either a low flying jet heading into bradley international airport (south west of me), or a miltary jet heading to West Over air force Reserve base(northern of me). So i step outside and look up to the west and see the jet and the jet trail, but i'm still hearing the nose and notice almost parrell is a second jet. some distance away i would have to say but seeing to jets matching speed and general direction strikes me as odd, and as they fade away under the tree line the noise i can still hear, and i look to the east, to 2 more jets. They're not to low, normal distance from ground for normal everday jets. Exceptthey're cruising quit fast, with both direction and speed i know they're niether circling to land at bradely nor west over.  I notice with the one now diretly over head from the wing span, general shape, and th! e spilt in each jet trail after the exuast that these birds have 2 engines per wing, and the cool flat grey of the air force, maybe a c-5 or a c-17 again not out of the ordinary, except they're going fast from an odd to vector to an unknown destination and even wehn we first entered the war in iraq i've never seen more then 2 of these in the air like this at the same time.  Thats when i noticed a 5th? aircraft for the last set as they head west in between the 2, this one was either smaller or higher up, no sign of the ussal jet trail and was matching speed. However as they're heading towards the sun i figure it could just of been a glare as it soon disapeared.  In the Last year when comes to air traffic, i've seen a few things out of place in terms of military aircraft.  most things are ussal, A-10's flying either from bradley air national gaurd or from West Over (both currently deployed in the middle east)C-5,s C-17, C-130/ac=130s, black hawks (CT home of skikorsky afterall) and chinooks.  but then theres times were things are odd, i remember seeing here abotu a report in neiboring enfield about 4 f-15s flying overhead, and i remember that night with my brother seeing and hearing them but with being night i could not identify them as f-15's but just airfighters in formation minimal lights on them going rather fast and low in both a residential area and a general area for comercial airfact to circle.  Back here in somers myself and a friend witnessed in daylight back in janruary a fligth of 3 f-15's crusing low enough to read USAF on each wing headed towards west over, and last summer my self and my neighbors got to see a little ar! iel show by a lone f-22 doing barel rolls and the short at high speeds and low altitude.  I know of not, in terms of air bases, anywhere out here that support f-22's.  In short what is certain is air traffic in terms of military has picked up alot latley, and they're quite noticable.;42.0016;-72.4597
Red/orange fireball but with what seemed like edges of structure underneath. Moved west for 20 seconds perhaps, paused, dipped.;2013-07-17 09:15:00;1 minute;Red orange fireball but with what seemed like edges of structure underneath.   Moved west for 20 seconds perhaps, paused then dipped briefly, and then rose and disappeared;42.0016;-72.4597
Irregular military activity in civilian airspace;2014-07-17 14:40:00;20 minutes ongoing;irregular military activity in civilian airspace this is not really a ufo report but more of irregular military activity in a rather none military area. I witnessed first a pair of UH-60 Blackhawk gunships with flyby wire missiles loaded traveling southward which is odd.  Being on the other side of the state from Skiorsky it not odd to occasionally see a single hawk in the air, but to see 2 let alone armed gunships in the air is rare.  What happens next is what makes me wonder.  flying low enough as to either land, or to be below the radar screen a c-130 flys east to west and this is not the first time i've seen one of these flying in this direction and altitude in the last month more actually the 7th time.  There is no air base in the region that supports these aircraft certainly not in a east to west manner that they are flying.  There is the westover air force reserve base however it is north of my location and the distance is too soon for the planes to be on a landing approach, these c-130's have been flying lower then normal air traffic approaching the much closer bradley international airport and are on an intersect course with normal air traffic, which i also find to be very odd, as the FFA tends to be anal when military planes due such a thing.;42.0016;-72.4597
