I witnessed a spherical shaped object over Maysville, North Carolina on the morning of April 19, 2006;2006-04-19 08:30:00;10 seconds;I witnessed a spherical shaped object over Maysville, North Carolina on the morning of April 19, 2006 I was a passenger in a minivan travelling northwest on NC State Road 58 with four other people.  The van was travelling at approximately 45 mph. I was sitting in the front seat and my view was through a clear windshield. The other passengers did not see the object.  I did not alert them to my sighting because there were family members who would have been skeptical or fearful.  I have extensive knowledge of aviation (general, commercial and military). I am able to recognize any airbreathing craft at great distances  My vision is 20/20. It was a clear morning with unlimited ceiling and visibilty in excess of 20 miles.  The temperature was approximately 60 degrees Farenheit with high pressure moving into Eastern North Carolina.  I saw what appeared to be a spherical, metallic object that reflected sunlight.  The object was to the West/Southwest of my moving position.  No sound or apparent movement was noticed during my observation. There was a row of pine trees along the roadside but the object was unobstructed for nearly ten seconds.  The object was approximately at an azimuth of 35 degrees. It would have been relatively smaller than the size of my thumb with full arm extension. As the van proceeded my view became obstructed by the pine trees.  When the van emerged from the tree line, the object was not visible.  The amount of time that elapsed between the tree line obstruction and our emergence was less than 10 seconds.  We would have travelled less than a quarter of a mile but still would have seen the object if it were relatively stationary to my viewpoint (i.e. a celestial body or high altitude aircraft.  I tried to look back through the side window on the driver's side but did not see the object.  I looked directly overhead and then looked out the passenger's side window.  The object was not visible in any direction. The van's roof was the most significant obstruction at this point. We drove on towards Route 64 and Interstate 95 for our ride back to Massachusetts.  I did not see the obect again after the intitial sighting.;34.8663;-77.2347
