Object with a white and red light appeared to be dancing in the sky.  At times it would make quick moves up/down and diagonally, and ;1999-12-27 00:00:00;30 min+;Object with a white and red light appeared to be dancing in the sky.  At times it would make quick moves up/down and diagonally, and then move randomly again. My wife noticed a light in the night sky. The night was clear and the event was witnessed from our livingroom window. The object appeared to have a white and red light.  At first, she thought it was a plane.  It is very common to see planes in the sky due to the air traffic between the Portland, Me and Boston airports. We usually can determine an airplane in the sky by the lights and the way they appear to move.  What made this so interresting is this object moved distinctly different than the planes.  She watched it for about 15 minutes, then woke me up to take a look. I immediately could tell this was no ordinary plane.  It appeared to be dancing, or moving in random directions, not fast and not in right angles.  It would periodically seem to move quickly up or down, and diagonally, but not far. From our vantage point, we were looking toward the northeast.  There were other air traffic in the sky, but these were normal airliners from the aiports.  There were no other objects in the immediate vicinity. We could not determine any features of the object  just the lights.  I estimate the object to be approximately 2 - 5 miles away and about 45 degrees up past the horizon. My sister-in-law who lives adjecent to us has said she has seen this in the past also. My wife is 34 years old, administrative specialist for a major supermarket chain. I am 35 years old, ex-navy, submarine, nuclear reactor operator.  I am currently a technical trainer for a semiconductor equipment company. I am baffled as to what this was.  It appears that this object is not an airplane, commercial or military.  My only explaination is maybe a remote control airplane (like a toy), but why at midnight?;43.2268;-70.7827
Red, silent fast moving lights heading east and northeast toward coast.  ((anonymous report));2016-06-03 21:00:00;3-4 minutes;Red, silent fast moving lights heading east and northeast toward coast. I actually do not believe in extraterrestrial spacecraft. This is just something flying that was unidentifiable to me. I was out looking at Mars through my telescope.  It was low on the horizon in the southeast, just above the tree line.  I was waiting for Saturn to rise, when I saw a bright red light flying in my direction, from the southeast.  We have a lot of air traffic near our house due to our proximity to Pease.   As it got closer I noticed there were two lights flying staggered.  I thought, this is cool, a couple of military aircraft.  But then I noticed there was no jet or helicopter sound.   As I said, we have a lot of air traffic, but it is always loud.   At the height these were flying, there should have been either a thunderous roar of jet engines or loud thumping of helicopter blades, but they were silent.   They became obscured by a large tree in my yard, so I went into my neighbors yard to keep track of them.  When I got around the tree, one had broken off and headed east, and the other headed northeast.   I pulled out my cell phone and recorded the one heading northeast.  Didn't catch anything viewable, it was too dark.  Not sure what they were.  Maybe afterburners on jets very high up?  But they only seemed a lot lower?  But why would I see bright red as they were heading toward me?   There were no other lights.  No blinking or other colors.  Just solid red. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.2268;-70.7827
the 1st object was flashing red, white, and green light. It was not moving at all. It was near Mt, Aggementicus. It had another to the;2016-10-06 09:15:00;20 minutes;the 1st object was flashing red, white, and green light.  It was not moving at all.  It was near Mt, Aggementicus.  It had another to the left of it.  It was red and green flashing.  The 3rd 1 cam racing from the south, and parked below #2.  A bunch of flashes were exchanged, and the 3rd 1 took off back to the south..  The 2nd 1 just drifted away..  The 1st 1 stayed still, just flashing red, white and green..  It was still there when I left..;43.2268;-70.7827
Huge white light hovering above field, before vanishing almost instantly.;2019-07-01 22:30:00;~15 seconds;Huge white light hovering above field, before vanishing almost instantly. Was driving with two friends down Aggie Road, we noticed a large glowing light above the field, not flashing, not moving. Just a big white light reminiscent of a star.  At first, we thought it was the North star, before realizing it was far too big.  We then thought it was a plane or a drone, but then it shrunk at almost an instant (as though it was traveling away from us very quickly) and vanished.  Happened too quick for any of us to photograph.;43.2268;-70.7827
