We saw something over 300ft long in the sky , that didn't have a sound to it and moving at high speed.;2012-03-01 22:27:00;3 minutes;We saw something over 300 ft long in the sky , that didn't have a sound to it and moving at high speed. PLEASE READ! Last night in Hagerstown, Indiana around 10:27 three friends and I saw an object in the sky that had to be over 300 feet long. I asked what are those lights, and my buddy said its the water tower.  I said water towers don't move. I was at the top of the hill in our town, and sped up to get a better look. We went under the town bridge an stopped the car. We rolled down windows and turned flashers on. We turned car off and continued to look out window. It was so big it looked like a a passenger plane but was only 50ft above the tree tops. There was no noise at all, only a large light in the front and some red lights in back an we could barley see the middle. There was something that was in middle that looked like circles but cant say to be for sure. It was moving at a high speed, and by the time we had a phones out, it wouldn't pick up.  We watched it keep going and it kinda turned and then it was gone. We sat in car freaking out. I dropped off frien! ds and went home and told my father. I looked on computer to try to find the FAA number but it wasn't there, due to prank calls and probably they wouldn't give out info like that to a normal person.  I have school so after school kept trying to find a number. One of my buddy's believe in them and told me about the sight. I called number and found out about this report.  I was told I should have reported to news, police, or anything but I wanted this to be official and not have the paper hang up on me or police about prank calls. We know Moorland, Indiana test fighter planes around our area, but there is no planes around this area that are that big or that low around here. We don't know what we saw, and all we want is somebody to help us. Even though were teenagers and have a reputation of making stories up, we know what we saw and just ask for help. Thank you for reading this and taking your time.;39.9246;-85.1597
