Absolutely no characteristics of any aircraft I have ever seen, or any description availible of a craft on this site.;2007-07-16 22:00:00;2:00;Absolutely no characteristics of any aircraft I have ever seen, or any description availible of a craft on this site. My girlfriend and I were on our nightly walk around our neighborhood, clear skies, relatively dark, consellations were very visible, very little light pollution (as the majority of the street lights were not working). Typically, there are a few commercial airliners passing over per night, very high and easy to recognize, usually off in the distance enough for the sound of the jet engines to be very faint. We noticed what we thought initially was an aircraft, flying uncharacteristically low. After a moment, we realized that this aircraft was far too low to be a commercial jet, and the sound it was producing was unlike anything I had heard come out of any aircraft previously. If I had to put words to it, one could compare the sound to a very low pitched buzzing, almost as if the sound, whatever it was, was being projected out of an aluminum garbage can. It was audible, however if a person was inside one of the homes, they would not have been woken up by it. The noise, however, was not the definitive characteristic that really threw us off. The shape and the lighting...primarily where the lights were on the body of the aircraft. There were three lights on the bottom, in a straight line. Two lights, very far apart from one another, on the 'front' of the craft, vertically aligned, spread far apart from one another at first they acted as what seemed to be spotlights, however when the object passed overhead, we realized that the lights were projecting 360 degrees, which seemed downright impossible. There were also lights that strobed around the aircraft, not circular, but more on the lines of a diagonal 'connect the dots'. The craft was changing course steadily, however the lights did not move from their original place, making it clear in my mind that this aircraft was moving without banking to make a turn, implying there were no rudders, nor jet propultion required to pilot this aircraft. Eventually, visibility of the aircraft was obstructed by trees, allowing us to see the lights only. The aircraft broke off to the right, and left our line of sight.;42.5821769230769;-71.0954653846154
