The object that I saw in the night sky  was round, flashing different colors and moved around in the same area for 28mins.;2002-04-16 01:00:00;appox. 45 min.;The object that I saw in the night sky  was round, flashing different colors and moved around in the same area for 28mins. I am a female, 27 years old, and I am a field installer for telecommunications. I live in Eastern Kentucky about six miles outside of a small town with a population of about 3200.  The place I live at is a rural area with wooded hills surrounding the house I live in with my husband.  At approximately 1:00 a.m. on the morning of Tuesday, April 16, 2002 I walked outside onto my front porch to bring my cat inside.  It was a cool night but not cold and the sky was very clear.  The stars were bright- no clouds.  I glanced up in the sky to the left of my house which would be east and an object flashing in the distance and above the trees on the hill caught my eye.  At first I thought it was an airplane but almost immediately dismissed the idea when I noticed that it was not moving across the sky like an airplane would but rather it was sort of bouncing around a bit and moving erratically.  What also startled me was that it was flashing different colors.  At first it appeared light blue then would change to white and then green and then reddish.  It appeared round in shape and small.  I watched in shock for about two minutes as it hovered and moved around in the same spot in the sky, flashing and appearing different colors.  After I realized that it couldn't possibly be a star or an airplane or helicopter the thought occurred to me that I should call someone and get them to come over and see this.  I thought that if I was the only one to see it no one would believe me when I told them about it.  So I called my friend who lives about one and half miles away and told her what I was seeing and asked her to come over and bring her video camera.  My husband was gone at the time.  She arrived in about six or seven minutes and we stood in the yard and videotaped the object for about twenty eight minutes.  The object would just hover in one spot at times and then move around erratically all the while flashing and seeming to flash different colors.  But it stayed in the same general area to the east and above the sa! me tree line.  It appeared far away so the shape was hard to make out but upon viewing the video footage later in slow motion it appeared to be round.  During the time that we were filming my husband returned home and watched it also.  It never left our sight the entire time but watching it through the camcorder it could only be seen when it flashed white or light blue.  We were all amazed and could not figure out what it was.  When we decided we had enough footage of it my friend and I decided that we needed to get her adapter that allows playback of the videotape in a VCR that she had left at home so we left to get it and when we returned to my house it was gone.  We have watched the video footage of it over and over again and still can't figure out what we have seen.  When it is watched in slow motion the movement of the object is much more visible and unbelieveable.  It also appears to change shape and color as it zig-zags around.  We have never witnessed anything like this before.  I am a very open-minded person and have always believed other stories of sightings but I never thought I would see something like I saw.  I would love an explanation of what I saw that night.  But I know that it can't be dismissed as simply an airplane or helicopter or the like.  And I know I'll never forget what we saw as long as I live.;37.9227;-83.261
