lights in the sky;2001-08-27 22:10:00;25 min;lights in the sky my friend and i were out on my deck.  I had told her a few days before I had seen some lights  with no sound. we had't talked about it that day . She thought i was nuts.  at 2210 we saw a light in the sky moving faster than a plane. within a few minutes we saw another one traveling on the same path .  The third one came out of nowere,it got very bright and started to move in the same way.  after about 6sec. it changed derection for a few seconds than it back to its firts corse. The forth one was at the same hight in the sky but went the other way. there was no sound. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a satellite, perhaps an Iridium.  PD));46.5024999999994;-87.5794999999998
Large sphere of light with smaller &quotprobe&quot;2015-02-15 22:00:00;2 hours;Large sphere of light with smaller &quotprobe&quot My wife and I were in bed during winter of 2015 when, at around 10pm, my son called excited. He said something like “Dad! Look out your window and tell me what you see!!”  He was calling from a friend’s home on US 28 perhaps 15 miles away. I got up and looked out the window immediately viewing a large whitish light at about a 45 degree angle to the west. It was large.  At one point I held my arm at length and compared the light to the width of my thumb.  It as slightly wider and I am 6’ 4” tall with large hands.  My son said that his friend’s dad and girlfriend had left for a small mountain closer to the object near Marquette.  My son said he and some friends wanted to come to our house to get closer to the object and watch the object.  We are up on a high hill a good 200 feet over the surrounding area.  I have a 3 rd story tower  and went up the stairs to look out to the west. I watched the object while I waited for my son.  It stayed in one spot the entire time. ! Eventually my son and a couple of friends arrived.  One had a pair of binoculars.  They thought it looked not much larger than where they watched it the 15 or so miles back to the East.  The light did nothing.  Eventually my teen daughter eventually came home from work and came up to the tower.  She was immediately shocked by the globe of light. We all watched the light perhaps another hour or so. My wife and step son also joined.  I went outside a couple of times to walk down the driveway and to look and listen.  It was absolutely silent.  It looked like white light but sometimes we thought we could see other colors emitted but, if that was the case, it was very subtle and maybe just an artifact. After watching this thing not move for so long we were suddenly alarmed to realize it was starting to move.  It was very slow and steady moving at about the same height off to the west .  After a few minutes it reached a ridge line approximately two miles away. Here it stopped. My son was watching with the binoculars.  He says excitedly,  “Dad...see if you see what I’m seeing” as he handed me the binoculars.  I focused on the object and noticed a very small white globe descending from the larger object and moving down at a perfect trajectory at about 45 degrees to the ground.  At about half way to the tree tops it abruptly turned the opposite direction to the south as it appeared to drop below the trees. Moments later it returned to the main object!  Then the entire object dropped straight down below the back side of the hillside.  We all exclaimed “it gone!”.  But a moment later it came straight back up to about the same height  and began moving to the south where it eventually! disappeared into the distance. People I have told this to say “helicopter”, but there was nothing but silence on a clear starry cold winter night.  And I don’t believe my son could have seen something as small as a helicopter miles away that looked nearly the same side when he arrived at my house.  The small “probe” that dropped from the main object was the strangest part to me.;46.5024999999994;-87.5794999999998
