Only yards away from a tribe of UFO's for one full minute or so in Mt. Kisco, New York;2000-10-15 04:00:00;1 minute;Only yards away from a tribe of UFO's for one full minute or so in Mt. Kisco, New York On this particular night/morning around 4:00am-4:30am I was driving my taxi from New Rochelle to Mt. Kisco, New York with 4 mexicans I picked up from a bar in New Rochelle.  It was a clear dark night as I was traveling on the Hutchison Parkway merging on to the 684 Highway northbound.  I always travel on the 684 with my highbeams on at night. As Iam driving on the 684 and get past exit 3, half way to exit 4 which is about at least 2 miles between exit 3 and exit 4, the last mile to exit 4 was like day time bright, and I even shut off my highbeams.  I was looking around to see where they installed these new lights and could not find nothing to explain where these lights were coming from.  Well I dropped off my customers at Mt.Kisco and rushed back in about 10  minutes to see exactly where those lights were coming from.  When I got back on the 684 southbound it was like pitch black again.  Could not understand what happen to those bright lights that just disappeared.  Well I turned my highbeams on again and I was looking around everywhere to see what just happened.  Could not find anything to explain where those extremely brights were coming from.  Well here comes the good part of this story.  The next day I woke up around 4-5 o'clock in the evening and turned on my TV.  At 6:00pm the news came on and the Anchor Reporter had news coming in from Arizona that over 200 people called the Arizona police to report sightings of about 7-8 bright disc flying in formation in Arizona through the evening sky.  Those bright lights that I saw at 4-4:30am in the morning that same day in Mt.Kisco were probably the same lights those 200 people saw who called the Arizona police that evening in Arizona.  In Mt.Kisco between Northbound and Southbound between exit 3 and 4 there are mountains of trees about maybe 20 to 30 yards wide.  These UFO's were hiding above those trees in Mt.Kisco while I was traveling that night. I was only yards away from a tribe of aliens from another world for just a short minute or so, interesting experience. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));41.201;-73.7336
Red lights traveling over Northern Westchester, NY.;2012-11-22 20:45:00;2 minutes;Red lights traveling over Northern Westchester, NY At approximately 8:45PM on Thanksgiving night 2012, I was outside with my daughter, facing east and witnessed 3 bright red glowing lights in the sky.  They were moving at a rapid pace, from east to north, beginning low in the horizon and then moving upward quickly and begin to move more slowly.  They reached a very high point in the sky, and then just stopped moving and hung motionless.  The lights dimmed and disappeared after 20 seconds, first the highest one, and then the other two lights.  There were no sounds emitted, there were not fire sparks or tail.  The time elapsed from when I first saw the lights to the time the last one disappeared was approximately 1 minute 30 seconds.  The night was very clear, there were no clouds.  Wind was minimal. As I continued to wonder what I just saw, I witnessed another red glowing light coming from the horizon out of the east on almost the same trajectory as the first lights I had seen.  The light was traveling quickly in a horizontal trajectory, and then began to move upward and slow its pace.  Then a second red light appeared, as well as a third with similar trajectory.  These lights also traveled quickly horizontally and then began to move upward toward the first light that was hanging motionless in the sky in practically the same position that the first set of lights were sighted.  The second and third lights began to slow as they ascended, and then hung motionless in the sky.  Again, there were no sounds emitted, there were no fire sparks or tail to any of these lights.  They appeared to dim and disappear after a minute.  This second sighting of lights occurred approximately 2 minutes after the first set of lights disappeared. 	The distance of these lights from the ground were quite far away.  The lights were very red, very bright, although their altitude appeared to be that of a high flying aircraft.;41.201;-73.7336
