light blue sphere connected to glowing red/orange cylinder at rear, travelling south.;1982-09-09 16:10:00;30 sec;light blue sphere connected to glowing red/orange cylinder at rear, travelling south. Towards evening in early September 1982 just before my son Michael was born on the 10th I was upstairs in my house in Mount Kiscolooking out of the bedroom window facing west. The sky was a clear blue, but slightly at and above the tree line I noticed a red glow in the sky. I thought someone had set off a firework and I looked more intently. The red glow was moving from right to left in my field of view (or southwards) I thought this was very strange and then I saw that there was an aircraft in front of the glow, but it had no wings. The front part was a glowing light blue sphere and attached to the sphere at the rear was a brightly glowing/pulsating orange/red cylinder the length of which was about twice the diameter of the blue sphere. The diameter of the cylinder was about one quarter of the diameter of the sphere and projected straight back parallel to the direction of flight for about two or three sphere diameters. I thought to myself that the cylinder was the power source driving the sphere forward. There was no noise. Without any reference it is always difficult to tell whether an object traveling in space is far or near, especially if the surfaces are smooth. However, I estimated that it was about the size of a Boeing 747 or larger and flying at 2000ft in altitude at about 500 mph. It was only in view about 10 or 15 seconds altogether. Of course, it could have been larger and further away, but probably not smaller or nearer as it was behind the tree branches on my property. When it disappeared from view I rushed downstairs and exclaimed to my wife that I had seen a UFO. She looked at me very skeptically. However, the next day in the New York Times there was a small mention that an unidentified craft had been sighted by several people. It had been tracked on radar as coming over the Canadian border flying south until it reached Atlanta and then it turned abruptly east and headed out into the Atlantic. There were various nutty explanations given by learned people who had not even seen it. E.g. Mars in the ascendant! ((NUFORC Note:  Date in September 1982 is approximate.  We have corresponded with this witness, and he describes self as having considerable education and technical knowledge.  PD));41.201;-73.7336
