Bright light hovering in sky at night with rotating fan around.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a sighting of Venus.  PD));2016-12-27 19:45:00;2 hours;Bright light hovering in sky at night with rotating fan around.  The light at the center of object changed brightness. My cousin and I were driving around our ranch 30 miles south of the town of Texhoma in the Panhandle of Texas on the night of December 27th, 2016, from about 7:00 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.  Below is a detailed account of an object we saw in the sky that night. I will email videos. At about 7:15 p.m., I commented on how bright the stars were to my cousin and while looking at the sky I noticed a bright light in the west-northwest direction from us that was too large and too bright to be a star in the sky.  I commented on it, but my cousin and I didn’t think too much of it as we thought it was a plane passing through.  A few minutes passed by, and I turned my attention back to the stars and noticed the light again.  It didn’t appear to have moved from when I initially saw it just a few minutes before.  We talked about how that was kind of odd so we watched it for maybe 2-3 minutes.  It was hard to gauge the distance between us and the object being that it was already dark outside.  I would estimate it was somewhere around 5-10 miles away.  The object appeared to be moving but at a pretty slow pace.  At this point in the night the object looked like a big circular bright light in the sky.   ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a sighting of Venus.  PD)) We quickly lost interest in the object again and ended up driving about 40 miles north to another ranch of ours located on the north side of Texhoma.  It was about 8:15 p.m. and I looked up to the sky and saw the object again.  It was in the west-southwest part of the sky at this point, which makes me think it did not move a whole lot.  It was noticeably closer making it much bigger and brighter than just an hour before.  My cousin and I both witnessed this and we also noticed that there appeared to be something spinning around the light.  It appeared to be like a fan or a mill and it was moving very fast around the circular light but it was not lit up so it wasn’t as clear.  This really got our attention so we pulled over and got out to watch it for around 20 minutes.  It was moving back and forth at the same slow pace but not getting much closer to us or following any sort of pattern.  The light was a whitish yellow with instances of slow and subtle hues of red and orange.  It appeared to change brightness and sometimes the circle would get bigger and the light would be less concentrated and then it would almost insta! ntly shr ink to about half its size and at the same time become much brighter.  After looking at it in awe for around 20 minutes we got back in the vehicle and started driving back to town.  We began going west directly at the light but it appeared further and further away as we headed directly toward it.  We then hit the main highway and hopped on it going south back to town for the night.  The object faded off into the distance behind us. The only thing that I can think of in this part of the world that would be that high in the sky are the grain elevators, which have lights on them.  However they have many lights all over them.  I am stumped.  I can confidently say it was a flying object.  However, I have never seen anything like it and I have seen thousands of planes go over our land in the day and at night in complete darkness.  I was able to snap a couple pictures and videos of the object while at the ranch north of town.  I will email to the address provided on the site.  The email will be labeled “UFO TEXAS PANHANDLE”. Thanks  ((initials deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Venus in the southwest sky??  PD));36.5057;-101.7918
