Unexplained single bright light passes overhead in Alabama suburban neighborhood.;2012-12-13 19:15:00;3 seconds;Unexplained single bright light passes overhead in Alabama suburban neighborhood. This sounds a little implausible but obviously I am taking the time to report this, and may have been the only witness (also I have never seen a UFO before, although I once saw a satellite move across the sky late at night). I was driving alone past a crowded mall last night about 7:15pm CST (right in front of the Brookwood Village Mall, just south of Birmingham in Homewood, Alabama)-hardly the place where one would expect to see a UFO.  Being just before Christmas, there was a lot of light from passing vehicles and of course from the mall itself. All of a sudden, I became aware of a single bright light passing rapidly overhead, directly over my car maybe 2-3,000 feet up or possibly higher than that, moving in the same direction as my car.  As quickly as I saw it (I did NOT imagine a bright light moving overhead), it was gone, so it was moving quite fast. In all, the whole incident couldn't have lasted more than 3 seconds. In my best judgment, no way that was a plane, a satellite, or even a reflection on my windshield, which was my first thought, since I plainly saw an isolated light up in the sky outside the car, and obviously very bright (like a ball of light) in order to show up over the ambient light from the mall and passing vehicles.  I had the car windows rolled up, so I wasn't able to hear anything to be honest. Since I live nearby, I know planes don't customarily fly over the Brookwood Village, much less that low, so that is obviously not a flight path.  There is no way the light could have been from a military jet, a private jet or even a regular plane, since I would have noticed lights on its wings, or a blinking tail light etc. and again it was moving far too fast to be a plane.  This was a SINGLE bright light (the color of a car headlamp) which was moving very rapidly. I have no idea what it could have been, but thought you'd like to know.  I started to call 911, but decided against it, so I don't know if anyone else has reported this.;33.4663;-86.808
Bright light flickering & moving--stationary for a while then would move a little from time to time.  NOT a star.;2015-08-10 03:00:00;1 hour +;Bright light flickering & moving - stationary for a while then would move a little from time to time. NOT a star. Bright light like a star but much brighter, a little bigger and moving, and light(s) flickering.    First seen above treeline (still far away), and gradually moved higher up in the sky.  Would be still for a while and then move a little.  It's now 4:30 a.m. and it is still there.   NOT a star.  I tried to take a photo, but it was too far away to get. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the object may have been a twinkling star, but cannot be certain.  Original date was flawed.  Possible hoax??  PD));33.4663;-86.808
