Saw low flying noiseless aircraft with only 3 window lights seen on a full moon night showing shadow of wingless Lear Jet size at 1k'.;2007-07-28 22:00:00;3 seconds;Saw low flying noiseless aircraft with only 3 window lights seen on a full moon night showing shadow of wingless Lear Jet size at 1k'. I'm a 66 years old native Virginian and retired police officer from Anchorage, Alaska. I had my own small plane in Alaska so am somewhat knowledgeable of aircraft. I was sitting on my back porch about 10 PM on Saturday, July 28, 2007 when I saw what appeared to be a low flying aircraft without any noise traveling south at a high speed. It was traveling at least 3 to 4 times faster than a small airplane would at about 1,000 feet, so I would guess between 300 and 400 MPH if at that altitude. If it were higher it obviously would have been a greater speed. If I had been driving a car I would have thought it to be a low flying Lear Jet sized aircraft without running lights, but I was on my back porch in the quiet country. I have no close neighbors or noise polluting source. The noisless aircraft had 3 round lights in a row that appeared to be windows lit up brightly. There were no red or green running lights, nothing but the window lights. The full moon slightly shadowed what appeared to be an oblong fuselage but no wings could be seen (but could have existed). It traveled south in a level straight line at about a 40 degree angle above the horizon. It passed behind a large backyard Chestnut tree and I waited to see it emerge on the other side. It didn't, so must have turned south or north over my house, where I would not have been able to see it. It is unlikely that the aircraft was small because of the 3 windows and speed. I'd estimate it about the size of a Lear Jet at 1,000 feet. It is unlikely the aircraft was coasting without power because there are no landing areas nearby for one that large and I would have heard it power up. There is a small grass private airstrip about 1.5 miles south but it couldn't have landed there. The nearest airport large enough is about 10 miles north and the aircraft could not have made it a fraction of that distance without power. I do not believe in UFOs from another world. However, I do believe it was an aircraft, possibly a small noiseless jet, that could be a secrete. If this is the case, I can't believe it would be flying over Patrick County, Virginia on a full moon night where it could be observed. There were no media reports related to what I saw and it is very puzzling. It isn't like any UFOs that I have read about in the past. Any ideas?  Ed.;36.65;-80.24
