An UFO generated intense orange light with sound, modulated those synchronously for 20 sec, while hanging above our house.;2017-07-24 03:00:00;15-20 seconds;An UFO generated intense orange light with sound, modulated those synchronously for 20 sec, while hanging above our house. Reporting an UFO sighting on July 24, 2017 around 3:00 am. On July 24, 2017, both my wife and I woke up around 2:30 am with loud thunders from lightning.  As we tried to sleep, we heard a few more thunders around the Drummond North area.   Then, suddenly, we heard a loud sound and the intensity of that sound was increasing and decreasing periodically with a time period of 2 or 3 seconds.  Our ears were able to detect that periodic nature of the sound.  Then a bright orange beam of light entered our room through a window.  The intensity of that orange light became brighter and darker in synchronization with ups and downs of the loudness of the sound.  As this event was unfolding, we both thought that lightning might have started fire at a power transformer somewhere.  So, I asked my wife to call 911, and I ran to the window. After removing the curtain of a window, I saw that a cylindrical structure hanging between our house and a neighbor’s house at a height of about 40 to 50 feet above my window.  The approximate size of that cylindrical structure could be about 5 feet in height and 2 feet in diameter.  That structure was generating both the sound and the light beams, and their intensities were modulated synchronously.  The sound had the characteristics of running a huge blower whose speed was changing periodically in a very controlled manner.  The light was so intense that at its peak value that I was getting blinded by it.  Our backward was lighted up as if the sun’s rays on a clear midday have become orange and pulsing. As I tried to look directly at that cylindrical surface, I could only see some window-like features on that structure when the light intensity was low.  The beam of light was practically coming from all over the structure.  Instead of calling 911, my wife was so puzzled by the event that she unknowingly ran to another window and witnessed that bewildering event. Suddenly, the whole thing stopped.  That cylindrical structure just disappeared in front of my eyes, and the world around us appeared to be the same as before.  Approximately, whole event took probably between 15 to 20 seconds to unfold. I realized later that while that event was progressing, not a single dog barked in our area. We do not have a dog, but all of our neighbors do, and their dogs will bark even if a moderately loud car enters our area at night. In the morning when I was looking up and tried to identify the area where I saw that cylindrical structure, I realized that there is no electrical or any other overhead line has gone through that area or close to that area.  The trees around that area have no burning sign, at all.   As if nothing has happened last night.;39.6706657794677;-75.7219904942969
