Oval-Shaped Bioluminescent Green Craft;2016-08-16 02:00:00;1 minute or less;Oval-Shaped Bioluminescent Green Craft This sighting occurred while I was staying with my parents in the suburbs of Pike Creek.  During this time, I was visiting with my slightly older cousin, who only lived five minutes away at my aunt and uncle's house, which is also in the suburbs.  He lived in his parents' basement, which had a door leading to their backyard, and it overlooked a small field.  While hanging out, we would frequently use the door to go outside and smoke cigarettes, as we were both heavy cigarette smokers at the time.  On this particular occasion, my cousin and I were in his parents' backyard smoking cigarettes and conversing as usual, when all of a sudden, my cousin stopped mid-conversation, and proceeded to point to the sky, and he began to exclaim: Oh......oh......oh....my....God!  I immediately looked up to see a glowing green craft that was more oval-shaped that spherical.  The color of the craft was gorgeous, and I can only describe its color as a bioluminescent! green.  The craft was flying over the field that the backyard overlooked.  Then, it accelerated at a high rate of speed until we could no longer see it.  What I also found interesting, was that the craft gained even more speed when it emitted a small flame that was approximately halfway between the bottom and back of the craft.  The flame was comparable to a rocket or a jet, which was yellowish/orange/red.  When the craft began to emit the flame, my cousin and I could even hear the ppffffftttttt sound that the jet-like flame was making due to the fact that it was approximately 2:00 A.M. and its almost always quiet that late at night in the Delaware suburbs.  P.S.:  Approximately 1 to 2 years after this particular sighting, I had witnessed a similar craft (bioluminescent green, oval-shaped) on two other occasions however, on both occasions I was alone on my parent's deck smoking cigarettes late at night, so there would be no one to corroborate my story for those other two sightings.  The other two sightings were even quicker than the sighting I had with my cousin and had occurred within 6 months of each other.  P.P.S.:  Roughly 2 years ago, my cousin (who witnessed the craft with me in my first account) and his father (my uncle) witnessed a silver cube-shaped craft in broad daylight while they were working in their garage.  During this sighting, my cousin took a picture of it on his phone, and I will make sure to get the picture from him.  I can personally attest to the existence of this picture, as it depicted this silver cube-shaped craft that had a long grayish / smoke-like trail behind it.  The trail was almost cigar-shaped, and it emitted from the back of the craft.  My cousin and uncle stated that the craft was moving at a high rate of speed, and it appeared to disappear along with the long trail in an instant.  My uncle is an avid airplane enthusiast who once had a pilots license.  He frequently enjoys looking up at the sky and identifying the airplanes that are flying about by their appearance and sound.  He told me that he had never seen anything like this, and both him an! d my cousin seemed extremely perplexed and somewhat uncomfortable with what they saw.  Every now and then, I bring up their sighting of the cube-shaped craft during family get-togethers, and they both get slightly uncomfortable but, I believe that I could get them to report their experience on this website.;39.6706657794677;-75.7219904942969
My husband and i were driving and a light caught our eye and looked over at it and it hoverd then got further and further in a matter o;2017-02-26 19:00:00;1-2 mins;My husband and i were driving and a light caught our eye and looked over at it and it hoverd then got further and further in a matter of seconds;39.6706657794677;-75.7219904942969
