UFO sighted in Lubbock County.;2008-03-25 21:50:00;5 minutes;UFO sighted in Lubbock County. My husband and I are retired and we saw what we believed to be a UFO.  We live in Wolfforth, Texas, which is just South of Lubbock, Texas,  Lubbock County.   On Tuesday March 25, 2008 at 9:50 pm  We were sitting in our living room when I saw very bright lights through our living room window.   I watched it for a while thinking that it was an airplane but it was moving too slowly.  I went to the window to see it more closely.  It was moving southeast over Wolfforth, but not in a straight line.  It was dark and I could not see anything but the brilliant white lights on it.  It had several clusters of brilliant white lights.  I called my husband to come look at it.  He looked at it and said that it looked like a UFO.  It was approximately 2 miles away and somewhat low to the ground.  After opening the window and listening, we realized there was no sound coming from it No motor noise noted.  It moved slowly from Northwest to Southeast and then just vanished.  Total time that we watched it was approximately 5 minutes.  I do not believe that it was an airplaine because it was flying too slowely and too close to the ground.  It did not fly in a straight line.  There was no noise from any type of engine.  It was silent. The lights were brilliant white lights-not like those on an airplaine.  It was very large.  I asked my husband if he thought it could be a hot air balloon of some sort and he did not think so because it was much larger. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and we found her to be seemingly quite credible.  PD));33.5094;-102.002
A blueish doughnut shape light suddenly appear and come down at me then suddenly disappear in a flash.;2014-06-13 22:30:00;7 seconds;a blueish doughnut shape light suddenly appear and come down at me then suddenly disappear in a flash I was standing outside on back patio deck staring South off what I was certain was the Big Dipper.  While fixated on the sky an unusual circle of light appeared and came right at me.  The light was blueish in color and hollow in the middle like the shape of a doughnut.   At first I thought it was a falling star or a meteor coming right at me.  The light became about the size of a vollyball before vanishing right before my eyes.   This happened all in about 7-8 seconds that I could account for. I wasn't sure if what happened was really happening.   I told my wife about it 2 days later because it has troubled me since.;33.5094;-102.002
