Daytime sight;2001-03-18 14:15:00;almost 5 minute;Daytime sight It was a post frontal day here in nothern Indiana. I was doing some spring cleaning in my barn. After taking some stuff to my burn pile I was looking at my barn trim because I have to fix it this summer. The sky was clear as a bell. I caught in my eye a white streak. It surprized me so I followed it with my eye. I walked past the trees into my side field to get a better look. My sons and I star gaze at night and we have seen satilites. Much to my amaze there was three objects. They moved at the speed of satilites. A jet was flying underneath them tracking west so I new they were very high. They acted like they were chasing each other with one sort of holding back. Four times they made a triangle and then darted around more. This lasted for almost five minutes. After the stunts they went to the northwest and I lost them in my sight.  This was during the middle of the day. We can see real well in the sky. Out in the country. I don't know why I am doing this but it was real I don't know what it was but it happened. ((NUFORC Note:  Anonymous source.  PD));41.3458;-85.4155
Large stationary craft Northwest of Albion;2016-10-14 17:00:00;<2 minutes;Large stationary craft Northwest of Albion I was approaching the intersection of 100 S and 50 W. when a woman turned in in front of me and pulled up next to the field where I could see her looking at something.  I looked over to the field and noticed a large stationary craft at quite a distance north northwest of Albion IN.  I went north to see if I could get a closer clearer image for a picture, but when I came through the trees it was gone (maximum of 2 minutes.  The sky was clear blue with silver cast and I had 180 degree field of vision and there was no trace of it despite looking all across the sky over the next ten minutes. Size was difficult to tell based on distance but I know it was at least as big as 2 Goodyear blimps.  Color was hard to tell but I could discern metallic silvery white with some red orange but that could have been sun reflecting off the top.  The shape was like two ovals connected at the end creating 2 levels.;41.3458;-85.4155
