The object appeared to be a large wing shape and white, and had sort of a faint glow as if light was reflecting off of it.;2009-09-02 21:30:00;30 - 45 seconds;On September 2, 2009, my wife and I were sitting out on the back patio as we do every night. It was around 9:30 pm, a little later than our usual time.  The moon was almost full and very bright, the skies were perfectly clear and very low humidity for us here in Louisiana. Jupiter was bright and almost parallel at the time we were looking up. We were about to give up and go inside when I caught a glimpse of something that I first thought was a shooting star. I quickly pointed at it and told the wife to look before it faded away. But, it did not fade away.  I then though it was one of the plentiful White Cranes we have here in Louisiana, but I quickly realized it was not flapping any wings. My wife and I started asking each other what is that?  The object appeared to be a large wing shape and white, and had sort of a faint glow as if light was reflecting off of it. It was moving at a very fast speed, coming from the east headed directly west. It did not very the speed, or waiver off of its direct course. We were able to view it until it just faded in the west sky. We were both stunned at what we just saw. We love to star gaze and watch for meteors and satellites, and I'm an avid NASA site watcher and I always know when the ISS or Shuttle are in viewing range, and we watch it every chance we have. But this was so different. As we stood there reflecting on what just happened, we started re-playing it out loud to each other, trying to make a logical explanation of what it could have been, either a plan, a bird, whatever, but we were completely puzzled and amazed.. Here are some details that we recalled and discussed that really made this sighting even more mysterious to us. When it first appeared over the house it was already visible. The moon was very bright so if it was a low flying object it would not have been reflecting the moon light from the bottom, which made it appear to be glowing from within itself. It was not a bird because the wings never moved, it was moving very fast (faster moving than the ISS sightings) and it never fluttered or altered from its direct line of flight. It made absolutely no sound. There were no white, red, green, or blinking lights on it. We live in the flight pattern to the airport just 10 miles away, so we are very familiar with what aircraft looks like on its approach. When it faded from view, it was some where around 10 to 15 degrees above the horizon in the west sky, and I know from my many years of keeping up with the ISS, it would never be moving from east to west. Also, if it would have been a ! low flying object, it would have disappeared due to obstructions such as houses in the neighbor hood or the trees in the woods just west of us. So, since after nearly 50 years of looking at the skies, and since this was the first time I ever saw anything I could not apply logic to, I felt I needed to write this down, share it, and hope to find out if anyone else saw it, or anything similar to it. I would love it if someone could explain what it was.;30.6551;-91.1365999999999
4 low hovering changing lights in the sky;2011-12-30 18:18:00;6 minutes;4 low hovering changing lights in the sky We saw 2 pair of bright lights flying low in the sky... the airport is not far away but these craft were lower than any plane or copter we're used to seeing.  The first pair was a set of red lights closely spaced together, the left one a little higher than the right one,  they were close together than they flew west about 500 ft.  we followed them with the car and stopped in front of them and took video footage.  they hovered then made their way back east and disappeared from sight...  2 more came from the west these did go back and forth (west to east and back) like the first 2 these just followed the same path as the previous two.  Each one changed colors from red to white to yellow.;30.6551;-91.1365999999999
