I saw a bright silver, top shaped craft, which was stationary, and it affected my radio, and then reaslly moved fast.;1975-07-15 09:30:00;2-4 minutes;I saw a bright silver, top shaped craft, which was stationary, and it affected my radio, and then reaslly moved fast. I was driving down Eden Road in Mason, on a Saturday morning. I just had finished going to a Sunday school bus meeting.   As I was driving towards town I noticed off to my right a really shiny object,(like a top) hovering around the Family Life Radio Station tower. It was hovering just about 50-75 feet off the ground.  It was a bright sunny day, and I was first thinking, why would anyone have a weather balloon here. I  thought, why isn't it moving, because balloons move. This was not moving when I first saw it.  As I approached Tomlinson Road, (the radio station tower was located on that road, maybe about half a mile straight down from Eden Road), I kept watching the object. It was a very bright silver, glistening in the sun.  It had no windows, no lights, nothing except that it was really a bright silver.  It wasn't moving, just staying still.  I was listening to that radio station, (WUNN), and I came to the intersection of Eden and Tomlinson. When I got to the intersection, the radio station went completely static so I couldn't hear it at all.  Then the object started to move and I decided to try to follow it.  It really started to speed up and I know I was doing 60 mph and it just flew off and I couldn't keep up.  I saw no engine or anything to make it move that fast.  I went home and called the Capital City airport and asked them if they had any reports of an object shaped like a top reported to them. They acted like I was a little nuts, but they said they had nothing reported to them.  Even though it has been about 30 years since I saw it, it is still like it was yesterday, since it was such a strange thing to see. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));42.5784;-84.4551
