Saw a light circling a mountain.;2008-11-17 04:00:00;10 minutes;Saw a light circling a mountain. I was sitting on a pulloff looking over the rondout reservoir and noticed a bright blue shooting star.  Shortly after, i noticed a light moving from behind a mountain on the horizon.  I originally thought it was a plane but it then started circling the mountain at great speeds.  I stepped out of my car and heard nothing, so i got back in and watched.  After a few minutes the object rose up into the sky and dimmed, after about 3 or 4 seconds it lit up instantly and started doing bigger faster circles around the mountain, even coming close to the reservoir at times.  Once i saw the object's circles starting to get closer to me i got scared and turned my car on and drove home, very frightened.;41.8815;-74.5143
Faster than satellite, constant speed, constant direction changing bright to dim randomly for 5 to 10 sec at a time.;2013-06-16 21:50:00;30 seconds;Faster than satellite, constant speed, constant direction changing bright to dim randomly for 5 to 10 sec at a time I've seen this type of object four times now in different locations, but the one that I can site the time and date is this event.   My fiance' and I arrived at my parents house after visiting with family, we had my grandmother's wake.  We got out of the car and were marveling at the stars.  They were extremely bright that night.  I could see many satellites, planets, a few meteors passed by, but this light moving at a constant speed appears high up in the sky.  It (they) move faster than a satellite, do not blink but become very bright, then dim randomly at intervals of say 5 to 10 seconds, but there is no pattern.  At one event where I saw one of these lights when it went dim it looked reddish, when bright it looked white.  They move across the sky not changing direction.  I watch the stars every night when its clear and have never seen this type of object until starting around the end of May 2013 up until last week.  This seems reoccurring, not just a random! event seeming that I've seen this type of light four times, my fiance' being there twice to witness it with me.  I'd like to know what it is if it can be explained.  It certainly doesn't look like any satellite I've ever seen.;41.8815;-74.5143
