May 25, 2008 (9:30 pm) translucent football cuts through cloud layer, no lights.;2008-05-25 21:00:00;8 seconds (roughly);May 25, 2008 (9:30 pm) translucent football cuts through cloud layer, no lights. I am reporting this for my girlfriend. This is the second sighting she has witnessed in the Newtown Square area. She is an excellent observer. I was on the phone with her during the time it happened. It was around 9:30 pm to be exact. Looking due south she observed the thin cloud layer being parted at a high rate of speed. She tells me that the object itself looks football shaped from her vantage point and it was translucent like a frosted glass. She could make out the dark sky through it but could see enough of the object to see it was there. It was moving twice the speed of a commercial jet liner. It was cutting the clouds until she could no longer see it.  For the record, her first sighting was much more dramatic than this one. I was at work and she called me very scared from inside our parked car behind the apartment complex (same area from which she saw this recent one). She told me she just saw a UFO. The object was literally in town. Newtown Square is about a 40 minute drive from Philly's edge. Pike's (or major streets) run away from the metropolitan area in a grid (somewhat). West Chester Pike links outside Philly to West Chester, PA. So it's a pretty well travelled road even early in the morning. This is why it's a wonder that this craft would make itself so apparent. The obect was seen (my guess) about a football field away from where she was. Nothing blocked her sight of it. It was about 3 am and she was watching the dog in the back yard. The back yard consists of a parking lot for tenants and a grass area that runs up to a fence. Standing on the egde of the grass looking towards the south the lights of the object caught her eye. She said it may have come from overhead, it was travelling east and slowed down over the town and descended perhaps half of a football field and hovered over the top of a bank that sits on an intersection in town. The underside of the object was lit up from the sulphur street lights but since cloud coverage was so low, the street light bounced back down and slightly lit the top of the craft up as well. It was egg shaped and possibly a white to off-white color because of the way the light lit it up. There were two sets of rotating lights that were possibly around the entire vehicle. One set(row) was on the bottom and one(row) was towards the top. She says that from what she could see of the craft there were four lights visible in each row, whether the lights went all the way around the craft, she didn't know. The lights looked as if they were pulsing in patterns counterclockwise around the object? That's assuming the lights went all the way around it. She says the object hovered there for 15 to 20 seconds then moved behind ! some tre es. At that point she jumped into our car with the dog and locked the doors until she could calm down (which took some time) and then fled back into the apartment. That's when she called me to report her sighting. This happened last February '07.;39.9817;-75.4072000000001
