2 UFOs sighted in Chester Springs, PA Christmas Day 2012;2012-12-25 13:30:00;2 hours;2 UFOs sighted in Chester Springs, PA Christmas Day 2012 On Christmas Day, 2012, my mother, my husband and I took the kids outside to ride on their new power wheel.  As we were standing outside, I noticed a dark spot in the sky that was not moving.  It was hovering in the same spot, as birds and planes were visible in the same sky. We went into the house after being outside for a half hour, and then kept peeking out the window to see if the object was still there.  It was.  Soon after, our power went out for about a minute, at most.  Nothing else was going on that would cause the power to go out.  Within thirty minutes of being inside, my mom noticed twinkling lights in the sky below the dark object that we initially saw.  We immediately went outside onto the deck and I took some video of what we were seeing. In the video, you can see multiple flashing lights in a horizontal pattern, hovering in the same general spot.  At certain points, you could then see the same line of lights tilting and then going vertical.  We definitely got the impression that lighted object is probably disc shaped.  We stood outside for at least 20 minutes watching these lights.  Based on the fact that we live below a flight path and see commercial airliners flying overhead constantly, we would guess that the object with the lights was very large since the lights went so far across the sky. The clouds began to roll in and the flashing lights disappeared.  After the flashing lights disappeared, I took a still shot of the dark object.  After uploading the image to the computer and zooming in, I would describe the shape of this object to be more of a chevron-shaped object.  Within a half hour, the dark object was not visible anymore either. My husband and I are both college educated, professional, rational people.  Neither one of us has ever seen anything like this before, and can’t seem to find any other explanation for what we saw in the sky today.;40.0978;-75.6398
