On January 24, 2014 at 8:00pm heading North on I5 at exit 40 I witnessed an 6 unidentified flying crafts. I know what I saw that night;2013-01-24 20:00:00;3 seconds;On January 24, 2014, at 8:00pm, heading North on I5 at exit 40, I witnessed an 6 unidentified flying crafts.  I know what I saw that night and I know it wasn't man made.  I know what stars look like, the pretty white sparkling stars in the night sky, also some in red and blue color, I know how fast commercial planes go and how all of them blink red lights with steady speeds, and usually flys straight in the sky, I know government air craft can move in all types of ways and speeds, but what I saw last night on I-5 north at Exit 40 wasn't any of these types of aircrafts or stars in the night sky I've ever seen.  What I witness and saw was beyond anything of this world, or anything I  could ever imagine or believe.  There was a cluster of 6 orange/red objects that moved in a way, and in speeds that I can't explain, describe or ever imagine.  Right in front of my front windshield I seen these objects in the clear sky moving in incredible speeds backwards and forwards, side to side, up and down, diagonal, and circling each other in a way no air craft on earth could ever do.  These 6 objects were so present and visible in the night sky that I knew they were roughly 2inches from each other doing amazing movements and speeds, like dancing or playing tag with each other, but far enough away I couldn't see the actual shape, size, or structure of these crafts.  I know with everything I know, everything I've seen, and everything in my whole entire life of existence that these were unidentified air crafts and NOT from our world.  This is the only way I can describe what I saw last night.  I don't have proof because it lasted for a few seconds and vanished from my eyes My mind is in such an unbelievably amount of shock, fear, questions, and amazement that I'm completely numb from head to toe.  I watch these shows of people who experience UFO's in the daylight and the night sky, and thought to myself how amazing it would be to be apart of what those people experienced, but never EVER did I EVER think I would witness and be apart of that as well.   I know what I'm saying sounds crazy, and most of you will be thinking yeah right, whatever, your crazy, but if I had even 1% of doubt with what I saw and witnessed I wouldn't announce it for the world to hear, but I know without a doubt in my mind, 100%, I completely know what I saw and witnessed last night.   I'm writing this post to share it publicly in hopes someone witnessed it as well and shares what they saw as well.  I know we are not alone.  I am a 100% believer we are being visited and I'm not the only one who has witnessed unidentified air crafts.  I'm just another person who is willing, wanting, and not scared to share my experience with the world!;46.1406;-122.8856
Extremely bright, orange orb traveling steadily N to S.;2013-04-27 02:00:00;2 minutes;Extremely bright, orange orb traveling steadily N to S At approx 2am on Saturday 4-27-13 my husband, our roommate, and myself were outside in the hot tub. We spotted a very large very bright orange orb coming from the north heading south.  It was clear outside, almost no wind, yet this object seemed to have it's own propulsion, it did not seem to be carried by the wind, ect.  It was silent and had no emissions, yet traveled at a steady pace. It did not seem very far away(not up with the stars)and was the brightest color of orange you can imagine, almost like flameless fire or some sort of neon.  I am in the medical field, my husband is in the tech field, and our roommate is in construction.  We all agree with what we saw, and are still amazed by our experience;46.1406;-122.8856
Perfect White Brilliant Light flew across the sky;2019-09-19 19:45:00;20-30 seconds;Perfect White Brilliant Light flew across the sky perfect circle, bright white... brighter than all other aircraft / stars in the early night (just got dark outside) sky.  other planes were in the air... this was much much brighter, and had absolutely no blinking lights on it.  it flew in a straight line from west to east.  as it disappeared from our view behind treeline, i noticed 1 fast moving jet flying toward its direction from my north/nw (maybe from seattle)  the object flew straight...at same speed probably abiut 100 mph+);46.1406;-122.8856
