Back in 1996 in kelso washington,i saw a cylinder inthe night sky at first it was grey then it turned and it was yellowish orange.;1996-04-15 23:00:00;2 minutes;Back in 1996 in kelso washington,i saw a cylinder inthe night sky at first it was grey then it turned and it was yellowish orange. It was back in 1996 when I was about 15 years old in kelso washington,when I saw a long yellowish orange cylinder in the night sky. It wasn't a perfect cylinder, it was like a Zepplin blimp with the nose being a little more rounded,and no cockpit underneath. I lost sight of it because of a few houses so I ran out into the street and it was gone. There was no noise coming from the craft it looked really big and like it was a couple miles away. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the alleged incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information.  PD));46.1406;-122.8856
Very Big UFO over I-5 in Kelso;2009-09-12 19:58:00;30 seconds;Very Big UFO over I-5 in Kelso Driving North on I-5 at about milemarker 38.  I noticed a very white sphere hovering just west of the freeway, northbound, at about 20 degrees above the freeway.  It was very bright and stationary.  In about 10 seconds it moved around the sky, but not streaking, it was just in one place, then another, all within about a 5 inch range of my vision.  I tapped my wife who was in the passenger seat sleeping, and i pointed to it.  Just as I pointed to it, it started to move around faster, from one place to another.  Then, quickly, it started to move from east to west at a very high speed, then went at a 45 degree angle to the ground.   At no time was there any other colors in the object, and there was no apparent streak as seen with a meteor.  My wife doesn't believe in UFO's.  She said What was that  I said UFO. she said, no way, that had to have been a rocket or something, is there military bases in the area?...  Shortly after, I noticed two airplanes in the vicinity with police lighting on them.  It was a very wild experience.  At the time, the sun was set, but the area was getting thick with thunder storms.  Where the object was seen, it started in a dark part of the sky, but ended in the more lit area of the sky.;46.1406;-122.8856
Bright lantern shaped object hovered for awhile then darted across the sky.;2011-07-03 21:45:00;5 minutes;Bright lantern shaped object hovered for awhile then darted across the sky. My wife and I had decided to take our two boys out bowling in Kelso, Wa.  We bowled a few games and hung out for about an hour and a half.  It was getting near closing time so we decided to head home.  We live in Winlock, Wa so we had to get on I-5 South.  Within a minute and a half of getting on the freeway, there were fireworks blowing off all along the highway and I was telling the kids to check it out. As we were driving along, there were a ton of fireworks going off to our left.  My wife and I were watching out the window when we saw it.  I’m not sure which one of us noticed it first, but my wife and I, as well as the kids all became very aware of what we were seeing.  There was an object, amber in color, almost red that was shaped similar to a lantern, hovering above where the fireworks were going off. What caught my attention was the size of it.  At first, I thought it was a firework about to go off and I thought in my head, this is going to be a really cool one.  Suddenly my wife says, Do you see that? and pointed at the object.  It was literally hovering in the sky, when all of the sudden it shoots over the trees in an extremely quick motion.  It looked like a giant glowing lantern.  We slowed down to almost 25 mph on the freeway and were watching this thing for a good minute.   As soon as it got out of site, we sped to the nearest exit and turned around to go back and see it.  My wife had our camera out at this point too. When we got back on the freeway, we could see the object crossing the highway at what appeared to be no more than five hundred feet in the sky.  It made it’s way to the opposite side of the freeway and then moved very fast toward the hills before it was out of site.  We tried to follow it, but it was too fast and our kids were becoming very scared. I’ve seen a lot of aircraft, but nothing like this before.  It had no conventional shape.  It hovered for at least fifteen seconds and the moved horizontally across the sky.  When we regained view of it, it was much too fast to keep up with.;46.1406;-122.8856
