Strange humanoid encounter. No crafts seen.;2013-01-27 21:00:00;~2 minutes;Strange humanoid encounter. No crafts seen. I am a 40 year old male from Kelso WA.  On Sunday night, January 27th 2013, about 9pm, I was taking a walk.  When I am out walking, I am very observant, always looking to the right and left.  I don't want someone coming up on me, possibly to rob me.  I try to stay on guard.  I did not see anyone around.  All of a sudden, I look to my left and there is this girl.  It was like she appeared out of no where.  I did not hear her approaching.  She was about 4 feet from me.  Normally if someone is walking close by, I can hear them.  The girl appeared to be in her early 20's.  She was about 5' tall and small framed.  I could tell she was an adult and not a child.  She had shoulder length bright blonde hair that looked almost white.  Her eyes were black with no white showing.  She was wearing sweat pants and a hoodie, but the hood was not covering her head.   When I saw her, I said, Hi, how you doing this evening?  She mumbled something, but I could not hear what she said.  She moved her head back and forth as she stood there checking me out curiously.  I felt there was something not quite right about her and felt a definite chill.  Though it was cold outside, the chill was not due to the weather.  I cautiously took a few steps towards her and she backed up.  In a moment she took off running, but not like any human or animal I had ever seen.  She ran with a fluid movement and there was no sound as her feet hit the ground.  She disappeared out of sight.   Something just did not see right about her.  I have never seen anyone like her before or since.;46.1406;-122.8856
Falling fire looking object with a whiteshape on top of fire then went up fast;2016-12-16 18:30:00;4 minutes;Falling fire looking object with a whiteshape on top of fire then went up fast Was in back yard looked south saw a fire looking movement and colors but looked like above it was a white shape told my wife to go to the front of the house something was falling from the sky she tell it's coming this way north stopped at treeline and to off up at a high right then slowed;46.1406;-122.8856
