On a summer day, in broad daylight, at a public park on a busy road, numerous witnesses, missing time and my brand new VW.;1975-08-04 14:00:00;About 1 Hour;On a summer day, in broad daylight, at a public park on a busy road, numerous witnesses, missing time and my brand new VW. I'm reporting the following in the interest of historical purpose only. In the summer of 1975, a very frightening event occurred to me and three of my friends.  It involved a landed UFO at a small park, in broad daylight, on a summer day, within sight of a main north-south highway, just north of Warren, OH. This happened while returning to Warren from a day trip to Geneva on the Lake, driving my new, Miami Blue VW Beetle, which I had received as a graduation gift a few months before.  I wanted to treat my friends to a ride up to lake Erie to my aunt and uncle's summer rental house for a day of fun and show off my ride in the process. Returning to Warren that afternoon, early to mid afternoon, my car was literally slowed to a stop, turned around, and driven for me about 150 yards to a place beside a small lake which I recollect to be the Willow Lake area.  I recall it being near the intersection of Grand Army of the Republic Highway and State Route 45. The craft, if that was what it was, was very large.  I recall it being silver, but whoever was in charge of that little shindig probably had the power to make me think it was a giant cinnamon bun if they so choose. I remember only parts of the event but I recall two of my friends screaming in sheer terror, blaming me for their predicament and recalling numerous other people in and out of their cars at the site for the same purpose as us.  Whatever it was. Then, we were heading back down route 45, on a fine Northeast Ohio summer day, in my new car, on the way home. This was in broad daylight.  There were many people. I'm either blocking what happened or I really can't recall. The four of us never got together again all at once ever again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.3833;-80.8543
