((NUFORC Note:  Vandenberg AFB missile launch.  PD))  Point of light leaves an expanding glowing pear-shaped cloud of gasses.;2005-09-22 19:20:00;3 minutes ?;((NUFORC Note:  Vandenberg AFB missile launch.  PD)) Point of light leaves an expanding glowing pear-shaped cloud of gasses, visible in N.County San Diego. When first seen, there was a pear shaped glowing fan of gasses behind a single bright fireball.  The fireball was moving approximately North to South.  Behind the globe of expanding gasses, there was a contrail? twisting off to the west/north-west.  The westernmost end of the twisty trail was red with the fading sunlight.  The trail became a very bright white as it got more twisty and blended into the expanding pear of gasses.  After about two mintes, the point of light disappeared, no new gasses were added to the pear, though it continued to expand in size and fade in intensity.  The twisty trail stayed bright for several more minutes, the colors shifting as the sun set.  After twienty mintes, nothing remain visible of the twisty trail.  Attempting to follow the point of light to the south, about three minutes after it disappeared, it appeared again, continueing in a straight line.  The new pear of gasses forming behind it glowed reddish (like the sunset).  My guess would be a meteor skipping across the top of the atmosphere.  The initial outgassing causing it to spin, spewing its gasses into the twisty trail.  Finally just melting away on each skip into the atmosphere.  On the other hand, it may have been something totally else.  If you know, I'd like to hear back what it really is.  It occurs to me that the oldest part of the trail was the red of sunset, suggesting that it may have been low in the atmosphere.  From mid trail on, including hte initial pear of gasses, it was bright white, suggesting it was in full sunlight, not scattered throught he atmosphere.  I don't know what kind of object would do this starting at a low altitude.  Thanks. ((NUFORC Note:  Vandenberg AFB missile launch.  PD));33.0313;-116.8579
