Star-like lights moving in incredible and unorthodox ways;2004-10-20 01:00:00;20-30 minutes;Star-like lights moving in incredible and unorthodox ways It was a very dark night in rural Kentucky.  I was at a festival on a farm, with several hundred people in attendance.   The sky was cloudless and no city lights interfered with the view.   I was standing on a hillside and looking out over a small valley with another small hill dotted with trees about 200 to 300 yards away.  Above the trees I could see a sky full of stars, some bright, others dimmer, and many others that faint speckled color you get on such clear and crisp evenings in the autumn and in rural areas.   As I looked up into the sky, I noticed that an object the size of a dimmer star was moving, but in an up and down, back and forth, and s like fashion.  And, it was moving as if it was like a laser pointer in that it was not the speed of an airplane but simply too swift and too unorthodox.   After it caught my attention, I watched some more and tried to fix on it so get to an approximate distance.  What was really curious was that it seems to be among the stars but if that were true, it was moving at 100's of light years a second, which was simply both impossible and most likely to be measured by every astronomer on the planet.   It clearly had to be within earth's atmosphere, or just on the edge of space.  On the other hand, if that was the case, and using either the speed of high altitude plants or satellites as a gauge, it was moving over a few 100,000 miles per hour, which was impossible both because of lack of technology and its maneuverability.  It seemed playful.  When I concluded this, I noticed a second light that it seemed to be playing with.  They would chase, do the loop-the-loop, squiggle, zig-zag (but not with sharp angled cuts), and move otherwise chaotic or seemingly randomly.   After about 10 minutes I was convinced I was seeing something, but still wanted to confirm what I was seeing was real, or at least could call on one witness later on to confirm it.   I called a friend over and pointed it out to him.  He too saw them, stood for a minute, remarked on how curious they were, but then left to chat up a female near a bonfire.  I stayed and watched some more.   I guess that they had to be about 20-30 miles away but this guess still played havoc with the idea that they seemed equal size or visual appearance to a somewhat faint star.   Whatever they were, they were there, they were not airplanes, helicopters, satelites, or weather balloons.  They did not hover.  If they moved slowly like an airplane one would not have noticed them.   But, from the place I was at, they also were faint enough not to draw attention from the crowd.  No other details could be made expect that they were lights moving in incredibly unorthodox fashion and did so for about 20 to 30 minutes...maybe longer, but then I remember the women over by the bonfire and went to join them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));37.8032999999999;-84.8606999999999
Green light lit up the entire sky and a small light moved horizontally before fading out;2009-02-13 22:15:00;10 seconds;Green light lit up the entire sky and a small light moved horizontally before fading out I was riding with a close friend and co-worker from Louisville to Burnside, KY to spend the weekend at Lake Cumberland. Somewhere close to the midpoint of our trip the entire sky lit up with a teal green light (the EXACT location is somewhat of an estimate - I used the GPS on my Blackberry to mark the location on Google Maps but I guess I didn't save the location as a favorite and lost it). I don't know what I was thinking at the time, but I must have thought it was a shooting star or lighting or something along those lines because as soon as the light in the sky faded I leaned forward so I could look up. I scanned the sky fairly quickly left to right and right under the headliner (I'm estimating 60 or 70 degrees up from the horizon) I saw a greenish light fading out. It appeared about the same size as an average star in the sky aside from its color. As soon as I spotted it, it was already fading out (I watched that particular spot in the sky for 2 or 3 seconds max).  I leaned back in my seat and I didn't say anything immediately until the driver said something along the lines of what the ____ was that? or did you see that?. He described the light in the sky nearly identically to how I did and after we talked about that for a moment I realized that it didn't just light up in one spot like a flare or shooting star, but it lit up the ENTIRE sky. We were riding in his Expedition so we had plenty of surface area on the windows around us, but I couldn't fathom what would have lit the sky up to the point where I saw it out peripherally as well.  Also, I guess he leaned forward before I did or locked onto the object before I did (I don't know which one as I wasn't looking at him or paying any attention to his movements because I was completely focused on what was going on) but he saw the object moving horizontally across the sky before its light faded out. He said he leaned forward just enough to see it moving (from his perspective) about 2 inches under the point where the headliner and top of the windshield meet and it moved in a line almost completely parallel to this point.  The sky was slightly overcast but I did notice that stars were fairly visible at that time. We were in the car another 90 minutes and I distinctly remember the sky being almost crystal clear when we got to the cabin at Lake Cumberland (we were fairly high in the hills there and had a great view). There weren't many cars on the road at the time (Highway 127) but I did notice a car that was about 300 yds up ahead tapped their brakes a couple of times as soon as the sky lit up.;37.8032999999999;-84.8606999999999
