neon multi-colored jellyfish type hovering object in Oregon late 70's -first report of this incident;1978-12-15 20:00:00;possibly 4- 5 seconds;neon multi-colored jellyfish type hovering object in Oregon late 70's -first report of this incident Very clear, close up colorful moving object shaped like a giant jellyfish hovering in forest.  This is very old that was never reported I don't think I ever made a formal report of this before -- I really don't know why not-- maybe I thought people would judge me in a bad way.  Anyhow, my brother and I saw the object from the back seat of our car as we were on a trip with our parents from Nevada to Oregon.... it was really late and the other kids in the car were asleep.. but not us 2.  It was between about 1977 and 1979 and I think it was on Christmas break or possibly summer break... exact date and year or time of night I am not sure of, but the sight was definitely clear.  It was possibly 30 meters or so from us on the right hand side of the road down in the forest... we were situated at a level slightly higher than the object and the road was pretty curvy.  The thing was about 10 feet across maybe... dome shaped with hanging down undulating legs.  The whole thing was like neon -  glowing in the dark  - even the legs. The top dome had different  colored (I think oval) lights going all the way around the dome.  It was so long ago I wish I had drawn an exact likeness, but I definitley remember these things.  It was such a beautiful object hovering just above the forest floor.  We only saw it for a moment but it was clear... no distant nebulous lights or anything.  Still, my brother and I really had not discussed it much over our lifetime. I think we might have tried to tell our parents later on, but they must have laughed it off and no report was made.  My brother and I are both highly educated. We are not red-neck storytellers or something.  I have no wish of any notoriety at all. I am just curious.  I even called my brother this evening to ask about it and he laughed and said yeah that octopus thing ...that was definitely strange.  (He was 2 years younger at the time we saw it and maybe had a less clear memory of it, but he definitely confirmed that he had never seen anything like it and he still thinks it very odd).  I would like to know if anyone has seen this specific type of object besides us. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));44.3156;-121.5175
I stepped from my room to see a large vertically oriented.  ((anonymous report));2019-07-10 10:00:00;15 minutes;Wednesday July 10, 2019. Sisters, Oregon  At approximately 10:00 AM - 12:00 PM I stepped from my room to see a large vertically oriented  tube-like object.  I stood looking at it puzzled, before I captured the following images in my iPhone. I can only logically interpret what I witnessed it as a possible high altitude balloon, as the form would slightly change.  The top appeared to be solid and would at times glow (possible light reflection from the sun).  The middle section appeared amorphous,  The bottom/lower segment also appeared to be solid and reflective or illuminated. However, I could not positively identify the aerial phenomenon. ((NUFORC Note:  High-quality photo submitted by witness, which shows a silver-colored tube, apparently hovering motionless in the sky.  PD));44.3156;-121.5175
