My Mother her boyfriend and myself seen a spaceship like the one from Close Encounters of the 3rd kind hovering for like 5 minutes;1991-06-10 23:35:00;5 minutes;My Mother her boyfriend and myself seen a spaceship like the one from Close Encounters of the 3rd kind hovering for like 5 minutes On June 10th, 1991, I was at my home in Levittown on the couch watching Len Berman sports it was running late because there was a parade in NYC honoring the troops Operation Welcome Home who had returned from the Gulf war.  My mother was saying goodbye to her boyfriend outside because he worked for Newsday and was going to work.  My mothers boyfriend was at the end of my driveway (I heard this after the fact because I was still inside watching TV) and said come over here and take a look at this to my mother, when she came to the end of my driveway and looked into the sky where he was pointing she yelled Oh my god and ran inside to get me and screamed into the house ((name deleted)) there is a UFO outside ((name deleted)) there is a UFO outside.  Thinking that my mothers boyfriend had some prank in store for me when I went outside I followed her out the door she ran into the middle of the street where her boyfriend was now standing and when I reached the point where I can see it in the sky I was in awe.  It was a spaceship about the size of a football field hovering but moving very slowly to the right.  The ship made no sound and looked similar to the ship from close encounters of the 3rd kind. I saw the ship briefly because it was between two houses mine and my neighbors and it finally made its way between the trees and at that very moment my dog ran out the door that I left open and took off down the street.  My mother told me to get into the car and her boyfriend left in his car and we took off in the direction that the UFO would have been from where we saw it.  We traveled in the car and got as far as route 110 in farmingdale but we never seen the UFO again. My dog was in front of my house upon our return about an hour later. I went to school the next day, I was 16 at the time and told my story to my class in Science which was appropriate since my teacher was pretty out there.  I was laughed at from my class when a girl in my class who never spoke said Oh my god my mother saw the same thing last night and I thought she was crazy.  The girl lived on Prairie Lane two blocks over from my location on Chapel Lane. The class got pretty shocked and I felt validated in my class and started to say see I told ya.  After school I was walking home from school with my two friends telling them about my experience the night before and telling them about what happened in my class but still was continued to be made fun of.  My friend lived on Saddle Lane one block from where I lived and when I walked into my door my phone rang and it was my friend I just walked home with and he said first off don't tell me I told you so but my neighbor ran over to me when I got to my house telling me that his father seen a UFO last night with the same description as me and at the same time that it happened to me.  I told him I told you so and that is the last time anything has came from this story but it has changed my life.  One thing I can tell anyone reading this is that it wasn't a blimp, plane, or helicopter it was a spacecraft and if I had it on film it would be the best footage of a UFO ever captured by far.  For months after I stood at my driveway with my camcorder waiting for a return of the UFO but it never was seen again I am now 33 years old.;40.7279;-73.5118000000002
Quick ascending flaming object;2020-10-17 20:20:00;10 minutes;Quick ascending flaming object There was a circular shape ascending and engulfed in flames. This last a few minutes. Then it descended and burned out. The trail of burned out smoke descended them. It was one craft. Very brightly lit as if on fire. Then was quickly extinguished. Almost like a lantern.;40.7279;-73.5118000000002
