2 large, bright Orange/Amber circular lights seen by two retired-teachers;2012-11-14 18:35:00;3 minutes;2 large, bright Orange/Amber circular lights seen by two retired-teachers Observers: Husband and wife, retired teachers   Sighting 11/14/12   My wife and I were pulling into our driveway returning home from dinner.  Looking back along the side our house and and through part of a neighbor's tree in the back which had few leaves on it, we both noticed two roundish, perfectly-fixed, large orange/amber lights in the sky. The lights were in a southerly direction behind our house, and positioned at about a 45 degree angle, a good distance apart.  They looked nothing like airplanes and were (4-5x) bigger than stars, almost the size of the street lights we have on the poles here but more orange.  The light from the objects were not surrounded by a container as were the street lights. It was purer and steadier.  NO pulsing or twinkling of any type was noticed.  Their size, color and smooth output made them highly unusual. The lights were so peculiar, as I stopped the car I immediately jumped out and ran to the back of the house to try to get a better look.  I got to the left-side of our swing set and could see the highest light, but the lower light  to the right was partially blocked by an evergreen tree in another neighbor's yard behind us.  I moved around to the other side of the swing set to see them better.  I had the impression the two lights may have drifted _very_ slightly to the right, but observed they had kept that same, exact 45 degree angle and distance apart, as though they were connected together. About that time, a plane flew underneath what I was watching. I could see the plane and its blinking lights clearly.  It in no-way resembled the orange lights.  Nothing on it was even close to the same color or size, and the lights I was watching appeared further away than that plane.  Additionally, those lights were _much_ larger than anything flashing on the plane or any of the stars in view.   After that the lights disappeared and my wife and I went inside.   I went out a minute later to take another look, walked around the outside of the house, but they were still gone.;40.7279;-73.5118000000002
On 2 consecutive nights saw first a single red light then 2 white lights in the sky near a carnival.;2014-05-25 21:55:00;1 minutes;On 2 consecutive nights saw first a single red light then 2 white lights in the sky near a carnival. I let my dog out each night approx the same time.  At about 9:55pm I let her out into the yard.  I noticed a red circular light coming from the southwest going in a straight path going to the northwest and then it just disappeared over the high school.  It was a silent, singular light.  We had a carnival across the street and the Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach that weekend.  I don't know if that attracted this thing.  Lucky for me, my son was in the kitchen and I called him to look so I had a witness. The next night at about the same time I saw a silent circular white light along the same path but then another circular light came from the north going south and they passed each other.   I couldn't watch both of them so I continued looking at the one going north.  Again it disappeared over the high school.   I did not have another witness for this night.   The next evening the carnival was gone and there were no additional silent lights in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.7279;-73.5118000000002
