At approximately 4:30 pm I was just sitting on the deck watching planes and looked up because I saw a commercial liner and I just watch;2006-05-06 16:30:00;approx 15 mins;At approximately 4:30 pm I was just sitting on the deck watching planes and looked up because I saw a commercial liner and I just watched it's vapor trail(no particular reason). At that point I noticed a fast moving object that was much higher than the commercial plane so I'm certain well above 32k feet. I focused on this object which seemed shiny which is why i noticed it.  So, i ran to get my camera with a 160-480mm zoom lens, and even with that it was still hard to get a clean image of the object.  As I'm focusing i noticed another similar object moving fast toward the first object I saw, and it caught up.  At that point they blended together so it now looked like a single object. Now, at this point the sky is very clear and blue and the (now joined) single object continued to move until it reached above a cloud (not thick, so it wasn't hard to see through it)  At this point the object stopped above this very high cloud.  I realized that this could not be a satelite, and I don't believe weather balloons can be controlled in this manner (go/stop/change direction)?    After the object stopped over the cloud, it was there for approximately 3-4 minutes after which it started moving back in the direction it came from, after I looked away to re adjust my eyes (staring hard to focus)  I then noticed another similar object so my guess is it may have been a third one. The best description I can give is they just looked like spheres (only shapes i could make out). I did not have my battery in the digital slr, but I really don't think it would have shown anything of significance. Although my wife was home she was aware I was looking at something but she didn't look. Now I am somewhat aware of how high commercial airliners fly and am very familiar with seeing them at great heights. I can't confirm or even saw any details on the objects, just somewhat fast moving objects that looked spherical and I'm ceratain it was higher than what any commercial planes fly. I've never witnessed or reported such events but i figure I may as well.;42.3895190476191;-83.2925666666667
