First of all - I would like to preface this by saying that I was NOT a direct witness to this, but I viewed a cell phone photo of the o;2009-07-17 21:55:00;10 to 15 minutes;First of all - I would like to preface this by saying that I was NOT a direct witness to this, but I viewed a cell phone photo of the object(s) in question - and I also talked to multiple witnesses, one of which is a male relative who wishes to remain anonymous and uninvolved with reporting this incident. The events are as follows:  On the evening of July 17, 2009 - at approximately ten minutes after 10:00 PM, I was sitting on my front porch having a cigarette. I am in my 40s and reside with my immediate family and my older sister's immediate family. My older sister suddenly came out of the house talking on her cell phone to my (male relative), who was telling her about what he was seeing while on route to my residence. I heard her exclaim something to the effect FIREBALLS?! - What do mean Fireballs? - What, they're in the sky?!. She continued discussing it over the phone and then the call ended and she walked back into the house. A short time later my (male relative) pulled up in his car and got out - and we began to talk about what he had seen. According to him - he was on the corner intersections of S. Main St., And Oxford State Road across from the Mcdonalds restaurant when he noticed people watching three objects in the dark night time sky. He described the objects as little black balls with greenish white fire like jet exhaust that wrapped around each of them , and that the jet exhaust would blast out - and then suck right back into them. He said that he observed one of them drop from the formation of the three - nearly to ground level, and the rise right back up and return to formation (it did this only once according to him). I asked him if he had gotten a cell phone picture of this - and he replied that he had, but it didn't turn out so he deleted it. He described the objects as large and bright. He went into the house - and I remained on the porch, and a short time later my neighbors returned home across the street. There were two cars of people - and one was a car full of kids (assuming his kids and their friends / relatives?). They got out of the car and were screaming about what THEY had seen as well. I yelled at them that my (male relative) had also just seen the very same thing - and I walked across the street to discuss it with them. They showed me a cell phone picture of a formation of three identical, ethereal looking boomering shaped lights (not lights in a boomerang formation - but each light was shaped like a boomerang or more accurately a chevron - like a wide letter v. I asked them if they were green and they said No - they were more whitish looking. They also revealed a detail that my (male relative) did not reveal, and that was that these objects were trailed by - or dropped from - a larger object or other objects behind them and just behind, or beneath the low cloud cover.These other - or this other object they described as three red lights in a smiley face type of configuration. They described it - and the other objects as being big. Both they - and my (male relative) confirmed that the original objects were lost from sight when they eventually dropped to ground level. And - both parties relayed to me that the objects first initially appeared out of nowhere to begin with. Inquiries to the Middletown Police department should be made - as well as inquiries to discover other potential witnesses as well - as the objects were apparantly noticed by multiple parties in the area, and were quite obvious. Although I wish to remain anonymous - a graphic of the photo - and a map of the area will be submitted to you momentarily. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report elects to remain anonymous provides minimal contact information.  PD));39.5134780722891;-84.3970595180719
Orange light witnessed by 2 residents of Middletown, Ohio that split into 4 objects.;2013-06-25 22:30:00;90 seconds;Orange light witnessed by 2 residents of Middletown, Ohio that split into 4 objects. My boyfriend and I viewed an orange light that split into (4) equal parts. The parts were shaped like equal parts of a solid cylindrical object, only longer and more narrow.  They resembled the slices of an orange, if you peeled it and pulled it apart along the natural separations.  The four parts then disappeared without smoke, noise, or any movement. Previous to this event, my boyfriend witnessed the aforementioned orange light moving with great speed across the night sky.  At that point, he ran into the house to get my attention, and we both witnessed this orange light split into 4 objects. I am a 47 year old woman of mixed ancestry (African American, Indian, of the subcontinent, Scottish, and Native American, possibly of Cherokee origin.)  I have 4 children, and have never committed any crimes.  I am a graduate of Miami University of Ohio, and I have a Bachelor of Arts degree in Social Gerontology.  I work for a company that provides housing for older adults and families as a social services coordinator. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.5134780722891;-84.3970595180719
