There may have been two objects.  I noticed what appeared to be two planets VERY close together in the sky at about 25-30 degrees above;1999-02-23 19:45:00;30 minutes;((NUFORC:  Since the objects reported appear to have been stationary, we presume that the witness may be describing the planetary conjunction, visible in the southwestern sky at this time.)) There may have been two objects.  I noticed what appeared to be two planets VERY close together in the sky at about 25-30 degrees above the horizon, one directly above the other above the other, about a finger nail's width at arms length apart.  Top light was bright and white, bottom was less bright and orange. I noticed these objects from a second story bedroom window at approximately 1945 on Feb 23 1999.  I had a clear, unobstructed view, the sky was clear and the moon was about a quarter full, fairly high in the sky, with a large round but fairly dim halo around it, but the objects did not display this halo. I believed them to be a planetary conjunction at first, but was surprised that I had not heard about this occurrence ahead of time, because it was very unusual and dramatic, and hadn't noticed anything like this the night before.  The objects appeared to be stationary.  The top light was bright enough to cause a starburst pattern in my glasses, which frankly annoyed me because I wanted a better view and could not get one because of the distortion.  The bottom object appeared to be a planet, I assumed Mars due to the orange coloring, and the top object was what I thought might be Venus, except that it was substantially brighter than I recall seeing it.  Neither object flashed or twinkled in any way.  I watched for approximately five minutes and then returned to work on my computer. My wife arrived home at about 2015.  I asked her if she had seen these objects and she stated that she had, just prior to pulling into the driveway.  I went back to the window to get another look, and both objects were gone.  I went outside to see if they had somehow moved out of view, which seemed unlikely if they were planets, but could no longer see them.  While I was watching, I noticed what was probably an airliner with an unusually bright pattern of flashing lights traveling west to east.  Ordinarily, I am not able to see aircraft structure at night, but in this case there seemed to be a wide body visible even when the lights were not flashing.  I do not necessarily believe that this aircraft was related to the other two objects, but it was unusual enough to catch my attention. The following morning (today actually, 24 Feb 99) on my way to work, I turned on the radio expecting to hear about the objects of the previous night and was surprised to hear that at approximately 0630 there were wide spread reports of fireballs and bright lights seen in various locations in northern Michigan.  I did not witness these objects, although I was awake when they occurred.  State Police are saying that these objects were probably meteors.  No mention was made of the objects of the previous night.;44.6482;-85.8119
At about 11:15 pm on July 4th, while watching a fireworks display in a rural area south of Interlochen, MI, I noticed a fast moving lig;2000-07-04 23:15:00;2 - 3 Minutes;At about 11:15 pm on July 4th, while watching a fireworks display in a rural area south of Interlochen, MI, I noticed a fast moving lig At about 11:15 pm on July 4th, while watching a fireworks display in a rural area south of Interlochen, MI, I noticed a fast moving light traveling south to north in an unsteady, wobbly flight path.  Approximately a minute later I observerd a second light traveling along the same flight path, demonstrating the same flight characteristics.  The lights were fairly dim, about as bright as an average star, and about the same size.  Neither light blinked, flashed or twinkled in any way.  Both objects were at about 70 degrees above the horizon, and and managed to travel from mid-sky to the northern horizon in about 15 seconds.  Both objects appeared to wobble or weave slightly as they traveled, and made no discernable sound. It is highly unlikely that this was a firework of any kind.  The display we were watching was a non professional one, and at this point there had been a lull of about five minutes since the last firework had been launched.  They could not have been sparks because they lasted too long, and their flight path started down wind of the launch site. In all probability I would not have noticed these objects had I not been focused on the sky since they were not particularly bright, and would probably not have been visible at all near city lights.  The only thing that made them eye catching was the speed at which they moved and the wobbling motion. I believe that I was the only one that noticed the first object, but the second object was seen by three other people in our group.;44.6482;-85.8119
