Red light or ball at low altitude moving at the speed of a helicopter but with no sound whatsoever.;2013-12-25 21:30:00;5-10 Minutes;Red light or ball at low altitude moving at the speed of a helicopter but with no sound whatsoever. At about 9:30pm on Christmas day  I was walking the dog in a northerly direction up our street and noticed at a distance what appeared to be a low flying plane or helicopter except that the light/s were very unusual (the sky was clear and the temp was about 60 degrees F).  It was flying at a low altitude about a mile or two in front of me in a SSE direction.  It gradually circled west and flew directly towards me from the east.  I figured it was a police helicopter or similar but there was no sound.  By this time I was returning to my house heading south back down our street when it flew directly overhead heading west.  I fully expected to hear some kind of engine noise but there was no sound whatsoever. It was mostly a bright red light and moving at about 75mph like the speed of a helicopter.  I witnessed this for about a minute or two until it disappeared heading west towards the coast.  I hurried back down the street to my house thinking how I was going to explain this to my wife.  As I approached the driveway I looked up and there it was again heading east to west but slightly north of me, not directly overhead.  I rushed in to the house and persuaded my wife and son to quickly come outside so they could witness it too.  Sure enough they saw it as clear as I did the first time and the three of us watched it fade into the darkness heading west. I figured it may have circled around twice but it is quite possible the second sighting could have been another identical object because I never saw it circle back from the first time.  I went and fetched my binoculars and stayed outside for a while but never saw it again.  It is hard to determine the size of it but the closest thing would be a helicopter. It was mostly red with hints of orange and yellow like a fireball but it flew smoothly and slowly like a light aircraft.  I am retired, educated and well traveled and was skeptical about UFO's until that moment.  I am still trying to convince myself it was a man powered craft but the evidence supports the UFO theory.  Being Christmas day I thought of convincing my six year old son that it was Santa in his sleigh but thought better of it!  He said Dad, I think it's an alien.;28.2987000000001;-82.6902000000005
Bright ball in the sky. Looks like a bunch of little light balls being sucked into the center. Like moths that are hovering.;2015-05-08 23:46:00;>1 hour;Bright ball in the sky.  Looks like a bunch of little light balls being sucked into the center.  Like moths that are hovering around a bright light, then get swallowed by the light when they get close to it.   Still out there now probably be a while before it leaves.  BE ON HIGHGROUND easily hidden by trees and roofs. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));28.2987000000001;-82.6902000000005
