3 brilliant stationary lights on nearby hillside went out and blue lights shot up and out of canyon with a sonic boom;2012-07-01 23:30:00;9-11 minutes;3 brilliant stationary lights on nearby hillside went out and blue lights shot up and out of canyon with a sonic boom It was shortly before midnight, July 1, 2012, when I and two employees, saw 3 huge, stationary white lights on the side of a hill overlooking my farm in remote section of southwest New Mexico. We were stringing lights at the front gate with a ladder propped up in the bed of a pickup truck facing east. When I turned toward the west to grab another strand, I saw the lights approximately 150 yards away, each appearing to be the size of my tractor. I hollered for my help to head for the barn and I took off running on foot as the lights went out one at a time. Before I reached the barn, I heard a very loud sonic boom. My two employees reached the barn shortly afterwards and said they saw blue lights shoot straight up and streak at an unearthly speed south down the canyon. My father was a Navy fighter pilot in Korea and Vietnam where he was CO of the first squadron of A-7 Corsairs. So I am familiar with the sound a jet makes breaking the sound barrier. At the time I was 55 years old and a former journalist having studied at the University of Arizona in Tucson. My two employees were ages 26 and 28. We were all sober as we were precariously holding the ladder with one of them 25 feet above the ground wrapping the lights around the steel gate support. We were awaiting my son’s arrival from Phoenix and as usual he was quite late. I was terrified to be out at night for some time after the event. But a week later we climbed up the side of the hill to a bench where we had seen it, but there was no sign anything had been there. I don’t know that anyone else saw it because I doubt my neighbor would have been out at that time of night and I doubt they would have believed me. I have never reported the incident because I was unaware of your website until I read about it in the Wall Street Journal Sept. 2, 2020. I do know there are UAPs and am quite pleased to report that I have not seen another since.;33.3048;-108.7743
