Red and white huvering lights over Fort Mcmurray, Alberta.;2011-07-27 00:19:00;0:19- 0:37;Red and white huvering lights over Fort Mcmurray, Alberta. My boyfriend and I went out for a smoke on the balcony around 12:19 am.  My boyfriend was looking up at the night’s sky and pointed out this unknown object in the sky.   At first we thought it was a satellite, then noticed that there were 3 white lights really close together flashing, and a bit of red was also flashing in the center of the 3 white lights.  We thought it could have been a plane but the movement of the object was strange.  It would move slowly diagonally and sit there in the sky a bit and then it moved back to where it was before repeating this movement several times, but sometimes in the opposite direction. That’s when we decided to go and grab the camera and snap some photos.  It was hard to take a picture of the object, half the time it wouldn’t appear on the camera.  Our roommate came home and we asked him if he saw it too and what he thought of it.  He wasn’t too sure all he said he knew it wasn’t a plane because of the positioning of the lights and thought it wasn’t a satellite because of the red flashing light. Half hour later we went inside to look at the pictures we managed to take.  When we zoomed in on the picture a green light located above the red light appeared looking as if it were attached. When looking from the patio the green light wasn’t noticeable.  After viewing the picture we went back out to see if it was still there. Luckily, it was and we took a few more pictures.  We zoomed in on another picture and this time when we zoomed in on the picture the green light wasn’t there but the red was still present.  Instead of being an oval/circular shape, it was in the shape of a disk on an angle with the red light on top of this disk. We have never noticed this object in the night’s sky before.  Tomorrow night we will be going back out onto the patio at the same time to see if it is still there.;56.7048000000001;-111.284605194805
