a bright star looking object that glowed brighter then dissapeared;1999-07-01 15:30:00;2 minutes;a bright star looking object that glowed brighter then dissapeared me and my wife were driving along a back road, just talking. it was clear and pretty day. we were heading west and you couldn't notice these two lights in the sky. i already new what they were, because i had seen it before one night. i ask my wife did she see them? she said yes. i told her that  is what i seen one night. i couldn't beleive it, i am actually seeing it again. i went into town and asked people that were standing out did they see them? no one seemed to notice. the first time i seen it was a few years earlier. i was laying out early one morning(3am-4am)in my girlfriends driveway. at first, i thought it was a shooting star, but it didn't burn out. then i thought it was a plane, maybe a jet. it was moving quickly. but i know that planes have red & blue lights on the wings and i think a red light on the tail. this object had no other colored lights. i didn't think anything strange untill it started glowing really bright. it went from what looked like a star to a street light in the sky. at that point i sat up, i was laying on my back. i asked my girlfriend did she see that plane go into a cloud and started glowing. i probably sat another hour starring into the sky waiting for it to come out the clouds. it never did.it kinda scared me. i thought it may have been a space shuttle blowing up. the light in the sky was so intense, it put you in mind of the beams you hear people joking about coming from spaceships. the one that comes down and picks you up but only it was in the sky. that made me wonder if i had been abducted. but i know that i didn't feel any different or feel like i had been anywhere. my girlfriend didn't see anything. the 2nd time i seen it me and my now wife was traveling a back road. we were taking the long way into town. about 3 mile out of town i seen them in the sky. i touched my wife and told her ther they are, that's what i seen that night. i had been telling her about it for years. there were 2 softball size(from where we was) bright light in the sky. we both seen them. t! hey zig zag a little bit in front of us, just out of sight to tell what they really were. then one went into a cloud then glowed and dissapeared. the other just glowed in the open and dissapeared. we both made sure we really saw what we did, or stories matched. i didn't tell, her but again i wondered had we been abducted. but i think they were just letting me know that i really seen what i had seen that night. i had tears in my eyes but i wasn't scared. nobody in town had seen a thing. i told my wife that there was no way we were the only people to see light that bright in the sky during the middle of the day(3pm). if any know what the lights  are i would love to hear it. thanks for listening FRED   they didn't make any noise both times i seen them;33.019;-92.7334
