Object with bright pulsating white lights seen on skidmore road  in Lagrange;2010-04-22 23:00:00;3 to 5 minutes;Object with bright pulsating white lights seen on skidmore road  in Lagrange I was driving home from a friends house in pleasant valley going into Lagrange. It was a quarter to 11 at night I decided to take a longer way home down back roads. As i came to a stop sign at the intersection of mountain road and skidmore road, as i came to the stop sign in front of me across the rd was an object over a field with a green , red and 2 bright pulsating white lights, it could have been between 500 ft to 1000 feet above the ground since it was dark i could not see a shape but it could have been a cigar shape. I could not tell if it was hovering or just moving very slowly towards me i took a right onto skidmore rd. At this point the object was behind me but i could see it out of my driver side window as it was more on my left side but behind me, I  drove a little over 2 miles to the next rd as i was driving i kept looking back and it seemed to be moving in my direction but at a slow speed i passed 2 other cars on skidmore rd they were going towa! rds it i assume they had to see this thing. The red light was blinking the green light was stationary and the 2 white lights were just pulsating slowly back and forth with each other, these were the brightest lights iv`e ever seen and i havent seen pulsating lights like this, even though they were bright nothing else was lit up not even this object. As soon as i seen this thing i could tell it was not a plane. There is an airport not far from here just across the river and its also used by the military so i see commercial and military cargo planes a lot over here, this thing was moving north west not even in the direction of the airport. Right before i made the turn off skidmore rd i looked back again and it was gone. Up to this point i seen this thing for the whole 2 mile drive by looking out my driver side window. I know about other sightings around here from friends and family, one of them even though not a recent sighting was on this same rd.;41.6572;-73.7411
