It was an unexplainable phenominon that had 1 explination, UFO's.;2009-01-15 01:00:00;5 minutes each;It was an unexplainable phenominon that had 1 explination, UFO's. Sometime in January of last year 2009, my boyfriend and I were walking through a field at about one in the morning, in the back of a park by where we live.  At the back of the field there are woods to the left that go behind apartments but also go down a steep hill that connects to someone’s field for their horses. As we were walking closer and closer to the woods I suddenly saw the entire woods light up as if there was a giant flashlight beam over everything.  I stopped walking and asked my boyfriend, who is that?  I thought it had to be a person and when he looked at the woods he saw the light right before it disappeared. We were frozen to the spot, it was the scariest thing id ever seen and then my boyfriend noticed a light on our feet, it looked like a bluish light from one of those high powered flashlights and we thought it was the cops, we were in the park after hours, but when I looked all around me and no one was there, no cop was shouting at us and the light was a perfect circle around us like someone was above us so we looked up and of course saw nothing but that was even worse than seeing something so we ran full speed down the field. We didn’t stop till we were all the way at the other end but my boyfriend looked back while we were running and he said he saw an orb of orange light gliding down the field, when I looked it was gone but we started running again anyways because we were afraid of being chased. We didn’t go back to the park for awhile but a couple weeks later when I wasn’t afraid anymore we went back.  That night my boyfriend and I had an argument so we sat under the pavilion to talk about it.   I had my back to the field but he was facing it and he pointed towards the woods and told me to look because he saw a bright orange light in the sky.  I looked but the light was gone.  I stared at the spot for a minute and then looked away when he said it came back and this time it was there.  The light was small,  from our view point it looked like the size of a beach ball. After about fifteen or twenty seconds the light started to expand.  It just got bigger and brighter, and then the most amazing unexplainable thing happened.  It seemed to unfold and it went from a big ball of light into exactly what you would picture a UFO to look like, a saucer shaped hover craft, except the light was so bright that it didn’t have a defined shape.  It was like the sun on earth, it blurred the vision around the UFO and after five or ten seconds it started to descend behind the woods and I assume it landed in the field behind it.  My boyfriend and I wanted to get closer, to go find it but I refused to go in the woods at night.   Since then I haven’t ever seen anything like that but I honestly now believe aliens or someone not like us is out there, watching, or maybe waiting for something. What I saw has inspired me to look up a lot of information on aliens and I think when these UFO’s are seen it is by choice to determine when or if ever it will be acceptable for aliens to walk among us.;38.7976394982086;-90.2888969175655
