two story rectangle flys low and silent over the city of Florissant;2000-01-05 02:00:00;3-5 seconds;two story rectangle flys low and silent over the city of Florissant On 1-5-02 I was driving home from a friends house on HWY 67 (Lindbergh Blvd.) Traveling South bond towards the City of Florissant border with the City of Hazelwood approximately 1 mile from HWY 270 and within 5 miles of Lambert International Airport.  I noticed a Florissant police officer had a motorist pulled over to the right of the road and was walking back towards his cruiser.  He was looking up towards the sky near a grocery store with his mouth wide open.  I started to look towards the direction he was gazing and that is when I saw the object.  It appeared to me to be a two story rectangle with very large windows on the side of the object.  It appeared to be very dark or black in color.  I did notice some lights but can’t tell you the exact place they were situated on the craft as it was night and very hard to tell where the edges began and ended.  The exterior lights were bright and seemed to have a bluish hue to them like you see on some of the newer BMW or Mercedes cars.  The object was flying nearly directly over the Schnuck’s market (grocer)  at approximately 100-200 feet ( very low like a police helicopter height ).  The object was almost silent, maybe a slight hum as it flew in front of my car.  What caught my attention in the short time I saw the object was that the interior of the object was dimly lit up enough that I could see inside the windows I described above.  I couldn’t tell much detail other than the interior was massive.  I would estimate the total size of the object to be the size of a football field.  I make this assumption because it nearly spanned the entire roadway ( 4 lanes plus a turn lane ) as it crossed my path.  The strangest thing about my encounter was that as it floated by I noticed movement in one of the rear windows.  I can’t say how many total windows there were on the craft.  In the one I saw into, it looked as if a person was moving from the inside towards the window to look out in the general direction of me and the police officers car with its flashing lights.  I didn’t report this story initially to anyone except I did tell my friends and my now wife the next day after my sighting.  About 3 years later I happened to be watching the Discovery channel and saw a documentary that had several police officers from Ill. Talking about witnessing the same object on the same day a few hours after my encounter.  I have since given my statement to a local videographer  (WWW.DBARKERTV.com) who did some interviews with Melvin Knoll, and the P.O. in Illinois.  Mr. Barker has recently done a video interview with me as well about the incident.;38.7976394982086;-90.2888969175655
Dark Rectangle sighting in heavly populated St. Louis county flying low and silent;2000-01-05 02:00:00;3-10 seconds;Dark Rectangle sighting in heavly populated St. Louis county flying low and silent Traveling south bound on Hwy 67 towards the Hazelwood border I noticed a Florissant police officer had a motorist pulled over to the right of the roadway.  Upon closer examination I noticed the officer walking back to his car and saw him looking towards the sky near a grocery store.  I looked towards that direction and saw a huge black rectangle with large windows on the side.  The interior of the object was light up well enough that I could tell the mass of the object was very large.  I would estimate the object to be as wide as a five lane highway or at least 100 yards wide.  I seem to remember seeing other hyper bright ( xeon or blueish in color like the new BMW cars headlights ) lights on the exterior of the object.  The object passed about 200 feet off the ground nearly directly over the Schnucks store flew over hwy 67 and out of my sight.  The object made no sound as it flew overhead.  As it passed I noticed movement inside of the back windows of the object and thought I saw someone move from the interior portion of the craft to look out the window ( perhaps to see the lights of the police car ).  My immediate impression was that this was some sort of military stealth blimp.  I do recall other colored lights on the exterior of the object, but can’t be certain of the configuration or more specifics because my attention was diverted to the large window and the movement I discussed.  The next day I told my friends I had visited that evening and my then girlfriend about my experience.  I hadn’t reported it to anyone else initially until I saw a documentary on the police officers who followed a similar object on the exact same night.  This year I contacted Darryl Barker (a local producer who has a website on the incident) here in St. Louis and spoke with him about my sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Mr. Darryl Barker for directing this witness to our site.  We have viewed the footage presented by Mr. Barker on October 02, 2004, in Edwardsville, IL, and we agree that the case is quite interesting.  PD));38.7976394982086;-90.2888969175655
MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  It appeared to me to be a 2 story rectangle w/ large windows on the side of the obj.;2002-01-05 02:00:00;2 to 5 seconds;I was driving home from a friends house on HWY 67 (Lindbergh Blvd.) Traveling South bond towards the City of Florissant border with the City of Hazelwood approximately 1 mile from HWY 270 and within 5 miles of Lambert International Airport.  I noticed a Florissant police officer had a motorist pulled over to the right of the road and was walking back towards his cruiser.  He was looking up towards the sky near a grocery store with his mouth wide open.  I started to look towards the direction he was gazing and that is when I saw the object.  It appeared to me to be a two story rectangle with very large windows on the side of the object.  It appeared to be very dark or black in color.  I did notice some lights but cant tell you the exact place they were situated on the craft as it was night and very hard to tell where the edges began and ended.  The exterior lights were bright and seemed to have a bluish hue to them like you see on some of the newer BMW or Mercedes cars.  The object was flying nearly directly over the Schnucks market at approximately 100-200 feet(very low like a police helicopter height ). The object was almost silent, maybe a slight hum as it flew in front of my car.  What caught my attention in the short time I saw the object was that the interior of the object was dimly lit up enough that I could see inside the windows I described above.  I couldnt tell much detail other than the interior was massive.  I would estimate the total size of the object to be the size of a football field.  I make this assumption because it nearly spanned the entire roadway (4 lanes plus a turn lane ) as it crossed my path.  The strangest thing about my encounter was that as it floated by I noticed movement in one of the rear windows.  I cant say how many total windows there were on the craft.  In the one I saw into, it looked as if a person was moving from the inside towards the window to look out in the general direction of me and the police officers car with its flashing lights.  I didnt report this story initially to anyone except I did tell my friends and my now wife the next day after my sighting.  About 3 years later I happened to be watching the Discovery channel and saw a documentary that had several police officers from Ill. Talking about witnessing the same object on the same day a few hours after my encounter.  I have since given my statement to a local videographer  (WWW.DBARKERTV.com) who did some interviews with Melvin Knoll, and the P.O. in Illinois.  Mr. Barker has recently done a video interview with me as well about the incident. I contacted Ill P.D. and they told me the officer who saw the object was now dead I've never seen my account published except on D.Barkers site. ((Report received by Missouri Investigators Group. UFOMIG@yahoo.com   http://ufomig.bravehost.com). ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));38.7976394982086;-90.2888969175655
