Similar orange lights viewed simultaneously by people in two states in two time zones, (IA and FL).;2000-07-04 22:15:00;<5 minutes;Similar orange lights viewed simultaneously by people in two states in two time zones, (IA and FL). Myself, my wife and two children were out in our driveway lighting fireworks.  We had been doing this for over an hour when my son yelled at us to look at that firework! What appeared to be a skydiver (I thought) with a bright orange flare, was spiraling, but not really downwards!  We could all see the smoke from the trail.  Being a pilot, I thought there was certainly an explanation for this.  I guessed it to be about 10000 feet AGL, and for over two minutes it illuminated the clouds and did not descend.  Seemingly, at about three minutes, it appeared to travel downward in wide, slow descending circles.  Then at about four + minutes, it went out.  I didn't think anything at all about this, other than how strange...But today, I received a letter from my brother in Des Moines, Iowa.  (his note posted here): about 9:15 on the 4th, i saw a strange light in the sky. at the climax of the lion's park fireworks show, i noticed a bright red light on a cloud just west of ny circle. it looked like a lasar light on the bottom of the cloud, but it didn't go into it. strange. the guy in the driveway next to mine said, what's that light? I said I thought it was a lasar...then it started to move OFF the cloud and was in the blackness between two clouds. The clouds were moving NE slowly and the light moved independently on a more easterly tack, very slowly...like the clouds. it came to a dead stop directly overhead...i walked up about fifty feet to mary and our neighbors who were watching the fireworks. what's that? I said...they all looked at it and it began to move slowly to the east again...it went behind a couple of clouds, emerging into the void between. still bright red. definitely not a reflection from the sun, which was way down by then. constant brightness no fluctuation. the 15 yr old neighbor kid ran in to get his telescope. i went in for the binoculars, which i couldn't find immediately and I went back out. The light had moved further east, and the neighbor lady said she saw a bright red spot leave from it and shoot off to the north quickly. her 10 yr old son said he saw this too. about this time the telescope comes out, and the kid fixed the position...when i looked at it now, it was over dsm. the color changed from red to orange to yellow to white, blinked a couple times and went out...like a switch. we didn't see it again. i called news 13...the guy there said several other people called to describe the same light. no explanation...never saw anything in the paper either. haven't told this to anyone else except you. don't want to end up in a loony UFO bin and i'm glad there were other witnesses. cool huh? --------- This was my brothers account of what I'm now wondering is a related incident??? My being in Florida (EST 10:15) and his being in Iowa (CST 9:15).  Could this be the same event viewed simultaneously from Iowa and Florida?  Certainly there would be other reports from anyplace in between, but I didn't see any on your sight! Crazy!;27.8404163323786;-82.3151696275067
Riverview/Brandon FL, 1 strange light that changed direction and color from white to red and green.;2013-10-31 20:17:00;3 minutes;Riverview/Brandon FL, 1 strange light that changed direction and color from white to red and green On 31 Oct 2013 at approximately 20:17 hours in Riverview, FL, while handing out candy with my wife and 3 year old daughter, I witnessed what I thought to be a fly over of the International Space Station again (it passed over our area a couple of days ago).  It was a bright light moving from Northwest to Southeast just as fast as the space station did but then it started to slow down, stop, change from a bright white to a red and green light, back to dim white, slowly move east, then slowly move north again.  I thought this to be extremely odd and that’s when I called my wife over to witness it with me.  We stood at the end of our driveway looking north and watched it change color and patterns a couple of times.  I asked my wife to film it with her Samsung Galaxy S III phone but because of the distance and with the light coming from my house (to inform trick-or-treater’s that we are handing out candy) the strange light in the sky didn’t show up on her phone.  At approximately 20:20 is when my next door neighbor came out from her house to see if there were any more kids going to stop by.  I asked her to come out to the end of her driveway with us to see if she knew what it was.  She thought it was odd as well but didn’t want to think too much about it.  We stood at the end of her driveway for about a minute and that’s when the strange light moved slowly north and behind some thin clouds moving in.  Soon after that, the strange light moved past the horizon of our home and out of view. My wife and I had hoped that it would have been seen by other parents out with their kids during this night and perhaps it would have been reported to a local media station, but after thinking about it, who really wants to report anything like this on Halloween? My thought process was to report it on this website in hopes it would produce some intelligent feedback. Kinda odd, but don’t want to think about it too much.  Would like to see if there is any feedback though.;27.8404163323786;-82.3151696275067
Glowing figure appears in sky and power goes out in the subdivision, i would like to know what i saw.;2014-05-11 01:30:00;15 minutes;glowing figure appears in sky and power goes out in the subdivision, i would like to know what i saw. i was just laying in bed watching tv when i herd a wierd noise outside not really explainable, but right after i herd the noise all the power went out, I looked outside to see if any others lost power.   The whole street was dark when I noticed what looked like just a glowing circle in the sky at first i just thought it was a helicopter because it was just sitting there but there was no other lights on it.   it slowly started moving away and once it got about id say a mile away the power came back on, which i thought was very weird.  I never really belived in this kinda thing until early this morning.   I'd like to talk to someone else that would know something instead of people that think I just lost my mind.;27.8404163323786;-82.3151696275067
Round, possibly saucer shaped, with red lights rotating around it.;2021-01-01 00:00:00;1 minute;Round, possibly saucer shaped, with red lights rotating around it. I noticed a red light approaching that slowly dimmed as it got closer. I thought it was a satellite, as my father and I often go satellite watching. I called him over to take a look at it. We watched the object make an overhead approach, and as it got closer to the moon overhead, my father noted it was moving awfully fast to be a satellite. It passed in front of the moon, and that was when we saw a round object silhouetted by the moonlight.  The object flew straight at a level altitude, headed toward the direction of MacDill AFB.  It was round, presumably gray in color (hard to tell as it was midnight/new years), with a red light rotating around it. I'm unsure whether there was one or two red lights moving around it, but I believe there were two red lights rotating around it. It made no noise. Since it was New Years, my father was slightly drunk. I was not drunk. We both saw the object very clearly. I was on video call with my girlfriend, showing her the fireworks. She did not witness the object, however she did witness our reaction to seeing the object.;27.8404163323786;-82.3151696275067
