Saw a bright red pulsing light hovering in the distance.  Turned off on a dirt side road to see if we could get closer to it.;1993-07-15 23:00:00;20 minutes;Saw a bright red pulsing light hovering in the distance.  Turned off on a dirt side road to see if we could get closer to it. It was 11:00 pm and we were going home from a class reunion. We were between Bridgeport and Grand Coulee Wa and had come over a hill and in the distance saw a pulsating bright red light. It was hovering about a hundred feet off of the ground. I saw it first and asked my wife what is was. She said it was an airplane. I replied that it was no airplane. It was just a light about the same color as a red strobe on an airplane but it was not blinking like a strobe light. It was more like a slow pulsating light that would go from dim to bright in a slow pulse. We turned off on an improved dirt road that led towards the object so we could get a closer look at it. It was hovering over a large set of power lines that transmits power from Grand Coulee Dam. It let us get within 200 yards of it, maybe less, and it took off. It stayed at that distance in front of us matching my speed exactly. I sped up as fast as I felt was safe on a dirt road and it would speed up accordingly. We chased it for about three miles trying to get closer to it. It crossed the road and went out over a wheat field away from the road so I stopped at the point that it crossed the road. As soon as I stopped it stopped. I rolled down my window to see if I could hear it making any noises. The only noise that I heard was the sound of crickets. I sat there wondering what to do next as it was just hovering there. My 13 year old daughter was very frightened at this point as we were out in the middle of nowhere with no lights or houses and she had seen movies about alien abductions. I had been out in this area many times before so I new the way the road went. It wound around the back side of where the object was hovering. I thought that if I took off quickly and got around the other side of it that maybe we could see the shape of it as it passed overhead. I started up the car and took off quickly. The object took off at the same time and ended up passing over the road way ahead of me. It evidently was tired of the cat and mouse game at this point and traveled faster than it had before. The last we saw of it it was streaking north at a great rate of speed.;47.9389;-118.9969
