Formation of very large silent red-orange elliptical lights over Lake Ariel PA 8/19/12;2012-08-19 23:00:00;20 minutes;Formation of very large silent red-orange elliptical lights over Lake Ariel PA 8/19/12 Hi.  There are five of us here.  I am using a keyboard that is hard to type on.  We found your site after searching after what we saw last night.  We are one retired PhD scientist, two retired NY media persons, and two currently working media and not for profit people  We are staying at a summer house at Lake Ariel PA.   Last night at 11 PM two of us saw a large red to red orange ellipse move across the sky, slowly with no sound.  It looked like a the tail light of a car and was about 30 times larger than stars or the strobe and other light on airplanes seen in same area/time.  Two of us roused the other three from the house.  By the time they came this orb was fading after moving in a south to east direction farther and farther away.  BUT then, we suddenly saw a formation of five exactly the same orbs coming from the same direction and moving in the same trajectory as the first one.  All five of us watched these five move slowly across the sky, which is a l! arge expanse over the small lake in front of this summer house.  One of us ran inside to find the telescope that this house has.  Eventually by 11:15 or so these five had also moved south to east, fading out as they moved that direction.  Then after about 5 more minutes another, single orb came over, following exactly the same trajectory as the other six.  We all thought all this was extremely strange.  We fiddled with the telescope but could not get a fix before this last orb followed all its predecessors off to the east.  As soon as we got up today we started googling.  We saw a lot of reports including your request.  You can reach us here or me at kurtjohnsonisd@yahoo.com.  We also want to note that the other odd thing last night, though it may have no connection, was that someone in the country neighborhood was shooting off firecrackers in large amount nearby… bang bang bang etc. not a usual thing in these quiet woods, although they were not shooting off any fireworks i! n the sky.  We could just hear all the bangs… or maybe it was ! someone shooting at the orbs.. But we think it was firecrackers…… So two anomalous things last night.  Glad we found all your reports made us feel we were not imagining what we all saw.  It was pretty memorable.   Also a regular airplane with regular white strobe, red and green light seemed to chase the last orb.  We also filed this report because of the number of similar recent reports once we checked.;41.4396;-75.4315999999999
