Not like anything any one else has reported...NONE of the characteristics listed below;2000-03-28 22:20:00;15 Sec.;Not like anything any one else has reported...NONE of the characteristics listed below Corinth, Texas March 28,2000 Time :10:20 PM CST Note : This happened after the storm hit Ft.Worth,Texas I saw two objects. The first was two frames..like picture frames, no pictures, just the frames. They were about 2 feet x 1 1/2 feet in size. The frame part looked to be about 2 inches wide. The frame part glowed a fluorescence green.... The other object looked like neon tubing in the shape of a spiral funnel..like a tornado.. it was a white blue.. like lightning. The size of this funnel from my angle looked like it was about 2 feet in diameter and about 3 feet in height. The two frames went up at about a 45 degree angle to maybe 1000 feet. The frames came together, and formed one bar. Then the funnel thing appeared and the frames (bar) disappeared into the funnel, then the funnel was gone. The dark black cloud above was very low. I heard nothing..no sound of any kind. All of this took about 5 seconds. I shook my head.. thinking what the....I looked back to where I saw the first two frames and damm... two more frames..just like the first two..and they did the same thing as the first set of frames. I looked back... for more frames, I waited for maybe 5 minutes but that was it. This event occurred two times within 15 seconds. I was about 75 feet to 100 feet from where all of this happened. I did NOT see anything that resembled any kind of life as we know it. Nor, did I see any vehicle, spacecraft or otherwise. The warehouse lot has a lot of transformers, the kind you see on utility poles, spools of wire, conduit,and other things a company like this might have. I do not know if the equipment in this lot has anything to do with this event or not. I was at work then this happened AND of course no one else came out to take a break with me, so I was alone. Was this a probe of some kind, from some where??? Did the weather have anything to do with it? While the weather guys are watching the weather..maybe some of us should be watching for...ET??;33.1788;-97.06795
