Unknown object over Santa Monica, CA.;2004-12-18 13:00:00;40 Minutes;Unknown object over Santa Monica, CA. Sighting took place at Lincoln and Montana street with clear blue skies. When I first sighted the object it looked like a bright white star, at very high altitude, and was motionless.  Then it started moving at a steady speed which appeared to be slow, and then stopped and remained motionless again for a couple minutes.  It then proceeded to continue on its course when another craft, which looked much smaller and at a higher altitude traveling in a direction toward the first observed craft at a much higher speed, intersected with it and continued on its course until it disappeared. At this point another object that was egg shaped and wingless with no contrail was sighted coming from the south going in a direction towards the first sighted object it did not appear to be chasing the first object or even related to it, the main aspect I noticed was the absence of wings. (Over Santa Monica there is a lot of conventional aircraft traffic and it is easy to see wings even on very high altitude aircrafts).  The first craft's flight path consisted of a huge triangle pattern over the skies, covering almost the entire field of view:  the first leg of the flight path was the high altitude part in a northerly direction it had almost traveled out of the field of view when it came to a stop for about five to ten minutes, then changed direction and came back toward us in a southwest path, lowering its altitude, moving slow, getting brighter and bigger until we could observe it as  a delta shaped object with constant rotation a martini glass shape would best describe it (without the stem), with one side of the triangle being rounded and the other two sides coming to a point.  While observing the object at this lower altitude and rotation another dot of light object could be seen closing on it and intersecting with it, after which the main craft hovered a while and then started heading northeast, eventually traveling out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and he sounded exceptionally credible to us.  PD));34.030354031065;-118.474957673815
