Metallic sphere over Los Angeles International Airport.;1998-03-10 07:00:00;1:30;Metallic sphere over Los Angeles International Airport. On Mar 10, 1998 at approximately 5:30 a.m. my wife woke me, she was very excited and wanted to show me a light in the sky to the south of Santa Monica, she was sure it was something unusual.  I went out my front door with her and looked up, it was a very brilliant white light, I told her it was just a star (I'm forever a skeptic), we had planned a flight to Las Vegas that morning and I had to check weather and file my flight plan.  As I was making coffee (first priority), I kept checking the light up in the sky, it didn't appear to move at the time.  After I had prepared for the flight we walked out to the street to get in my truck and leave and to my surprise when I looked up in the sky, the light from earlier was now lower on the horizen and appeared to be directly over the north complex of LAX, it now looked like a large metallic sphere. I couldn't believe what I was seeing, nor could my wife(and of course, she told me so). I grabbed my binoculars from my vehicle to view the sphere and it was definitely metallic, was no longer glowing and was just hovering, at about 2500 ft.  I am a commercial pilot and have been around aircraft since I was a child, this was nothing like I have ever seen.  To estimate the size I referenced it against a 747-400 above and behind the object traveling southeast and roughly state 50 ft in diameter, and thats very rough.  The sphere very slowly decended to a slightly lower altitude as we observed it, I decided that I was just going to go ahead and leave for the airport, assuming that if it was anything of significance it would be all over the news, but of course after returning that afternoon and watching the news, nothing.  That is the first and only time I have ever witnessed something like that, and it really has sparked my curiosity about such sightings.  There is a NASA photo that looks exactly like what we witnessed that I came across on UFOevidence.org:   http://www.ufoevidence.org/photographs/section/space/Photo142.htm.;34.030354031065;-118.474957673815
The craft came from the West out over the Pacific Ocean.  It was flying much higher than the Commercial Jet Traffic over Los Angeles.;2004-03-17 12:15:00;2 minutes;The craft came from the West out over the Pacific Ocean.  It was flying much higher than the Commercial Jet Traffic over Los Angeles.  It looked like 4 shiny metallic spheres traveling at a very high velocity together.  They passed over the Los Angeles Valley then went over the Mountains to the east of Burbank heading East - North East.  Less than 2 minutes passed from the time I spotted the obect ofver the Pacific to the time it went over Los Angeles and over the mountain East of Burbank and out of sight.  The craft was much bigger than a Commerical Jet and as it rotated up it formed the classical Chevron Shape.  I've made several 3D renderings of what I saw to help explain. ((NUFORC Note:  Graphic provided by witness.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) The craft or possibly crafts came from the West out over the Pacific Ocean. It was flying much higher than the Commercial Jet Traffic over Los Angeles. It looked like 4 shiny metallic spheres traveling at a very high velocity together. They passed over the Los Angeles Valley then went over the Mountains to the east of Burbank heading East - North East. Less than 2 minutes passed from the time I spotted the obect over the Pacific to the time it went over Los Angeles and over the mountains East of Burbank and out of sight. The craft was much bigger than a Commerical Jet and as it rotated up it formed the classical Chevron Shape.  I've made several 3D renderings of what I saw to help explain. UFO1_1:  View of approching craft from over the Pacific - balls parallel to the ground UFO2_2:  Chevron shape it formed when it rotated upward UFO3_3:  Object rotates back to 4 balls together flying parallel to the ground UFO4_4:  Object slightly rotated That is what I saw and it was a crystal clear windless day.  The craft appeared a metallic/chrome in color.  The very high craft appeared much larger than the lower flying Commercial Planes approaching LAX.  There have to be some pilot reports on this incident...it was a clear day with unlimited visibility. ((END #1)) ((ADDENDUM #2)) Peter, This is the second UFO that I have seen.  When I was about 14 in Lexington Kentucky in the early eighties, my brother's friend left our house one evening.  He yelled for us to come outside and see a UFO.  When we went out the night sky was full of clouds like I have never seen.  They all drooped down like cotton balls all the way across the sky.  When we all looked up there was this gigantic Orange ball of light moving silently through these clouds illuminating a huge portion of them.  We could only see the bottom of the sphere as it went in and out of the low clouds.  It stayed at a steady altitude and speed, beacuse it was the formation of the low droopy clouds that masked the upper part of the craft.  The craft itself had to be at least 50 yards wide as it passed over our heads.  It also had these long pole like extensions, like spikes, with different colored lights on the end of them.  This event was on the News in Lexington, Kentucky that evening, and hundreds of people saw this thing, propmting lots of calls to the military. Hope this little tidbit helps your research! 1 Question:  Did anyone elso report what I saw on 3/17??? 2 Question:  Is this a type of craft reported before, because I thought I saw it on a UFO special the other night on The History Channel??? 3 : I also have a friend that told me him and his brother have been abducted since they were very young...he lives in Evansville, IN if you want me to put you in contact with him.   ((END #2));34.030354031065;-118.474957673815
They were transparent, but they clearly had a shape to them like soap bubbles.;2004-05-14 22:00:00;1minute;It's Friday night and a beautiful night in Santa Monica. So we decided to go with our three dogs upstairs to our apartment roof top and watch the stars. We were laying on deck chairs facing the sky. My dog was on my lap and she could not take her eyes off the sky. Looking passed her gaze, I saw five huge spheres in the distance silently gliding rapidly and gracefully above me, having come from the direction of the pier. I was struck at first watching them. Then I alerted my boyfriend and he saw them too. We watched them as they headed north out of our view. At first thought we both thought they were bubbles. But, no way they were too big. Then balloons entered our minds, but no way. They didn't move like balloons. They were in formation and they were gliding rapidly in a straight line (faster than the planes in the sky) in uniform across the sky. They gave off no noise. They weren't giving off any reflective light. They were transparent, but they clearly had a shape to them like soap bubbles.;34.030354031065;-118.474957673815
Shiny silver sphere moving at steady pace and altitude;2005-06-19 14:00:00;5 minutes;Shiny silver sphere moving at steady pace and altitude My friend and I were waiting outside of a restaurant (at lunchtime, in broad daylight) when he spotted something in the sky and pointed it out.  At first, I thought it was just an errant helium balloon -- we see those floating in the same way often enough.  But as we watched, we realized it couldn't be a balloon.  The object appeared to be shiny, silver and spherical.  We were unable to judge the size or distance, but it did not seem to be moving up or down (as a helium balloon would).  It moved across the sky (approx. west to east) at a steady pace and altitude -- perhaps at the speed of an airplane.;34.030354031065;-118.474957673815
Dark grey sphere over Pacific Coast Highway - Santa Monica CA.;2006-09-02 15:00:00;10 minutes;Dark grey sphere over Pacific Coast Highway - Santa Monica CA. While watching red-tailed hawks from the Palisades Park in Santa Monica CA. observed a dark grey spherical object approximately 500 feet over Pacific Coast Highway. Object caught my attention due to it's lack of motion. I assumed it was a tethered balloon, but given the variable wind conditions along the coast, from the west around 7 to 12 knots, I would have expected some wobbling or  other motion from a tethered balloon.  I was facing west and the object was about 80° up from my vantage point. I observed it for about 5 to 10 minutes. I never saw any buffeting you'd expect with having a tethered balloon and variable wind conditions. Size was about a pea at arms distance.  Having a tethered object of any kind in that area would be at the very least reckless as it's common for low flying air craft such as helicopters and ad banner planes to fly through the area. That location is about 2 miles WNW up the coast from the very busy Santa Monica airport and it's common for aircraft to traverse at or below 500 feet going up or down the coast over the ocean to pass the western part of the airport departure route (typically runway 21).  I ran out of time and had to leave the area. Always been a curiosity. Haven't seen any thing similar at that location, but I did see a similar object about 2 months ago, 2 miles inland. I observed it through my 10x80 binoculars. It was partially obscured by some clouds. Probably less than 20 seconds of observation time. Similar attitude. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.030354031065;-118.474957673815
