A bright light moving erraticlly toward us was then was chased by two fighter jets.;1991-08-16 23:00:00;20 min +/-;A bright light moving erraticlly toward us was then was chased by two fighter jets. I was camping in the town forest with two of my friends. It was a clear night with many stars visible beyond the canopy of the trees. We suddenly noticed a light in the sky brighter than the other stars. We first thought it may be Venus, usually the brightest object in the sky at night. The light began to move slowly from side to side that suggested it may be a helicopter, only there was no sound. I would guess that the object was a mile from us but moving toward us. It made erratic movements. For example, it would move very fast in one direction, stop suddenly, then move in the opposite direction. The object was very close to us now but it still looked like a bright star. We also heard no sound coming from it. Then suddenly it came to a stop, and sped to the south of us faster than any manmade flying object I've ever seen. Maybe a minute or two after, two fighter jets flew in the direction of the object at top speed. It was the only time we heard any sound. At the time of this incident the naval air base in Weymouth, MA was still oporational and I believe the fighter jets were scrambled from there. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.1194;-70.8611
Driving home from dinner, my wife and I noticed three lights in the sky, one was clearly a helicopter, the other a plane but third seem;2014-11-15 19:30:00;5 minutes;Driving home from dinner, my wife and I noticed three lights in the sky, one was clearly a helicopter, the other a plane but third seemed odd. This odd light appeared to be standing still while the other two were circling or staying at least as close as they could to it. Anyway, this suspicious white light went dim, then shifted to a shade of blue and then unexpectedly streaked across the sky at a rate I've never seen before and then it disappeared into the night...  It was an unbelievable event to witness between the both of us. I can only describe the object a white ball of light at first then as a blue colored shooting star but as it started to move it had a halo shape to it with a blue rim leaving a quickly diminishing trail. The other two lights immediately vacated the airspace as if nothing happened.;42.1194;-70.8611
