Chevron - Triangles- Large V shape all within 15-20 mins.  ((NUFORC Note:  Resolved.  Caused by launching of sky lanterns.  PD));2016-10-08 20:45:00;15 minutes;Chevron - Triangles- Large V shape all within 15-20 mins. ((NUFORC Note:  Resolved.  Caused by launching of sky lanterns at a wedding ceremony.  PD)) I was in a local parking lot talking in the phone with a friend.  It's a parking lot with several businesses in it, restaurants and stores.  I was facing east.  Around 8:45 p.m. I started to see about 30- 40 lights shoot up into the sky.  There was roof tops in my way but it appeared to be shooting up from ground maybe 500 feet away from me.  They were orange/yellow color.  After shooting up and the lights moving down the sky, forming a chevron like pattern, I was able to snap 2 different photos from my cell.  I then decided to drive towards where this was happening, because I wanted to get a closer look, and also was trying to figure out what it was that I was seeing.  So as I was driving towards it, the lights went into triangle shapes, and then I saw a HUGE V.  The V was stationary.  By that time I had pulled into another parking lot and had a great view, got out of my car and went to take a photo, the lights from the V then shut off, only 1 remained.  I snapped a photo of that.  The one light remained for about 5-10 minutes before phasing out.  I could clearly see what looked like a mothership above the V lights.  The other lights I saw that took formation, different formations, seem to be like smaller craft going to the bigger craft.  The thing is, no one else seem to see it that night or at least I've not heard any reports.  I kept checking  social media, I asked a few people if they saw anything in the sky that night, no one else seems to of seen it.  I reached out to four different ex military men, some are family, a couple friends. I showed them the photos, and they have all said they have never seen anything like it and that when you zoom in the photos I have, it is pretty crazy and creepy.  You can clearly see several smaller aircraft.  I can say it's left me a little unsettled, as I KNOW what I saw, but still can't believe what I saw!;39.4251;-81.4613
