Two Triangular black objects moving low to the ground and very quickly in a northeast direction.;2001-08-29 21:20:00;1 minute;Two Triangular black objects moving low to the ground and very quickly in a northeast direction. I was traveling east twards my home at around 9:20 at night. I was nearing the area walmart, and was in a fairly commercial area, there were several cars infront of me, and several behind me. I looked twards the southwest, which is tward the walmart, and I noticed what I thought was an Airplane from the local airport. it had lights on it, just like a plane, but as it got closer something just seemed out of place, it was traveling very fast, and its shape just didnt look right, it was still far away, but getting closer to me and was going at a very rapid pace. I watched it and tried to keep my eyes on the road so I wouldnt crash into anything. I realized that it was definatly not a routine flight from the airport, and it was coming from the wrong direction, it was now flying directly twards my car from the right side. it had a total of 5 lights on it, it had a blue light on the very front of it, a white light just below the blue one, 2 white lights on either side, and a flashing light in the center of it. as it flew directly over my car, I slowed down, and I noticed other cars in front of mine slow down also, so I know I was not the only one who saw it. It finally passed over my car, and I could see it out of my drivers side window. there was no sound at all except for the cars passing by, I could see the shape very clearly now, It was totally black against the moonlit sky, it was definatly triangular and was wide in its shape, the back had no indications of exhaust, there was no smoke either, the back was concave in shape looking sorta like a bomerang but more triangular. I could see only 4 lights on it, the 3 white ones, and the blueish white flashing light in the center, as it passed by, I was shocked when a second one quickly followed the first same shape and same lights. They both were moving at the same speed, and same height above the ground, they seemed to be seperated by about 1000 feet. and couldnt have been more than 1000 feet above the ground there was no sound, and they were moving very fast probably above 300 to 400 mph. I lost sight of them above the top of a hill, and I never saw them agian.;39.4251;-81.4613
