I was standing on the platform of the 7 subway train in Woodside, NY (61st / Woodside stop).  I'm about 15 mins by subway from NYC.  Th;2009-04-02 11:30:00;1 minute;I was standing on the platform of the 7 subway train in Woodside, NY (61st/Woodside stop).  I'm about 15 mins by subway from NYC.  The stop I was on happens to be outdoors, the 7 train is mostly an elevated train. I was looking from the subway platform on a beautiful sunnny day at all the different airplanes flying in, out, and around La Guardia Airport. Some airplanes were flying very high, others, mid altitude, others landing.  Suddenly I noticed a silver ball moving from what I thought was east to west and a steady speed and not higher than any of the airplanes flying.  My first reaction was, wow, a balloon, but then I noticed how the ball was extremely shiny, almost as it had it's own shine or the sun was shinning on a metallic object not a silver balloon.  Suddenly the ball came to a complete stop for about 3 secs and then started to go back to where it came from at a higher rate of speed than before.  That's when I realized this was quite unusual.  It was not an airplane, helicopter, or any aircraft I've ever seen.   As the UFO changed direction I jumped on the Manhattan bound train that had arrived at the station and continued to watch the ball until it was out of site from the train. This is the first time I see something as unusual as this.  Could a balloon change direction completely like that? the speed always seemed quite steady, almost as if something were pushing it, moving it a along.;40.7465;-73.909
An enormous purple/indigo oval shaped light seen peering through the clouds.  ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights.  PD));2016-01-16 19:54:00;10 minutes;An enormous purple/indigo oval shaped light seen peering through the clouds. My girlfriend pointed out an odd color in the sky.  As I observed the area, I saw a light, purple or indigo color, that was fading in and out through the clouds.  We decided to walk towards the shape, in a North East direction  to get a better view and as I kept watching, it appeared to be a large oval shape the size of my hand at arms distance.   We stopped by the Brooklyn Queens Expressway at 65th Street near a park where where our view was unobstructed and at that point we saw a airplane fly under it.   It was a mesmerizing sight to see the plane fly under the object, but have none of the blue rays reflect on it, which led me to believe the object was very far away.   Another exceptional observation was to consider the scale of the shape compared to plane.  The plane appeared to be the size of an ant compared to the object which gave me a sense that the shape was a lot further and a lot larger than the plane.  Soon after the plane flew by, the object disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights.  PD));40.7465;-73.909
We saw a large, oval bright blue light in the sky that stayed for about 10 minutes.  ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights.  PD));2016-01-16 19:54:00;10 minutes;We saw a large, oval bright blue light in the sky that stayed for about 10 minutes. My boyfriend and I were walking in a North East Direction when I noticed a strange light in the sky.  It was dark and cloudy outside, but there was an unusual color in the sky, what looked like a purple, blue oval shaped light.  The object was large, about the size a hand held at arm's length and hidden behind clouds.   At first we speculated that it could be a spotlight, but there was no ray coming from the ground leading up and clouds moved in front of the light, obscuring our vision of the object, leading me to believe that it could be a large, bright object that was far away.   We watched and took several pictures and walked in the direction of the light.  When taking the last pictures, my phone camera acted strangely, with the rays of light coming from other lit objects going from the normal, scattered pattern to a straight up and down pattern, stopping at the lit object.  After 10 minutes, the light disappeared.;40.7465;-73.909
