Ufo battles highflying jet explodes over Perry county leaving oil mist on everything early mourning;2017-12-05 03:30:00;2 1/2 hours;Ufo battles highflying jet explodes over Perry county leaving oil mist on everything early mourning Closely around 3am I hear the sounds of jet afterburners roaring.  Not usually strange event. 30 minutes later I realise that the sound of jet engines is still there and growing louder. Somethings wrong.  Outside I go with weapons in hand.  Understanding nature of warfare. Once outside to the north I hear full engagement of some kind of emp weapon over and over and over.  Sounds of airial battle I can only compare to star wars scenes for lack of any known event before.  Situation is continuing with 1 more flyby of ultra highflying jet as the afterburner roar into the west again for another 30 minutes.  After the jet passes emp sounds end. Daylight starts to break and a white saucer cloud slowly drifts into view from east to dead north in view.  The craft/cloud explodes upward in series of layers like a nuclear bomb. Just barely starting to see blue skies  of mourning as these rings expand outward and away from the eventbefore it really registers in my mind this cloud of oily mist stings my check.  I snap out of amazement and run indoors out of the fog mist. I'm certain 100% of event with hard evidence reported citywide.  My girlfriend 3 blocks away tells me of oil drops covering her car before I say a word.  Oddly it was the start of a 2 week deep freeze that night.;34.9701;-92.8436
Ufo battles highflying jet explodes over Perry county leaving oil mist on everything early morning.;2017-12-05 03:30:00;2 1/2 hours;Ufo battles highflying jet explodes over Perry county leaving oil mist on everything early mourning Closely around 3am I hear the sounds of jet afterburners roaring.  Not usually strange event. 30 minutes later I realise that the sound of jet engines is still there and growing louder.  Somethings wrong.  Outside I go with weapons in hand.  Understanding nature of warfare. Once outside to the north I hear full engagement of some kind of emp weapon over and over and over.  Sounds of airial battle I can only compare to star wars scenes for lack of any known event before.  Situation is continuing with 1 more flyby of ultra highflying jet as the afterburner roar into the west again for another 30 minutes.  After the jet passes emp sounds end.  Daylight starts to break and a white saucer cloud slowly drifts into view from east to dead north in view.  The craft/cloud explodes upward in series of layers like a nuclear bomb.  Just barely starting to see blue skies  of mourning as these rings expand outward and away from the eventbefore it really registers in my mind this cloud of oily mist stings my check.  I snap out of amazement and run indoors out of the fog mist. I'm certain 100% of event with hard evidence reported citywide.  My girlfriend 3 blocks away tells me of oil drops covering her car before I say a word.  Oddly it was the start of a 2 week deep freeze that night.;34.9701;-92.8436
