July 4th, 1983: disk shaped object with colored lights over Southeast Texas;1983-07-03 00:00:00;10-15 mins;July 4th, 1983: disk shaped object with colored lights over Southeast Texas I've never talked of this with anyone outside my family.  I didn't want folks to think I was a nut or something.  But, I've never forgotten what happened the July 4th weekend in 1983.   I was in junior high.  We were having our annual family reunion that weekend. It was the girls turn to camp out in the backyard.  I'd never slept on the ground before.  So, I couldn't sleep, but my cousins sure could.   Anyway, after awhile lying awake in the tent, I heard a low droning sound.  Sort of like a low droning hum.  Had I been asleep I probably would not have heard it.  I got up and went outside of the tent and looking up through the young pine tree (I wasn't coming out from under it) and above dad's storage barn, I saw an object just above the larger trees.  It was disk shaped and had colored lights on the bottom.  It wasn't moving very fast.   Going back into the tent I tried to wake my cousins, without sucess.  I went back outside the tent and watched the object move slow and steady in a ENE direction.  I went back into the tent obviously scared and was finally able to waken my cousins. They had no idea what I was trying to tell them.  I know I must have scared them too because I remember us all running toward my grandmother's mobile home (she lived behind our house then).  But, my mother met us at the back door of our house.   The electricity went out and we ran as fast as we could to get inside. The lights were out only a few minutes.   Needless to say we all slept on the floor inside after that.  It has bothered me that I was the only one to see it.   Since that night when I've asked my mother what woke her up, she always say the she just got up and the lights went out and she knew she needed to open the door for us.   I've never reported this to any organization or any person outside my family.  But, I'll always be curious about what I saw that night and wonder if there will ever be an explanation.;30.2781;-94.2167000000003
