Dark Orb Moves Erratically over the Beach -- Outer Banks, NC;2005-06-27 21:25:00;60-90 seconds;Dark Orb Moves Erratically over the Beach -- Outer Banks, NC I went outside (alone) on my screened-in front porch to sneak a cigarette (I’ve been trying to drop the habit).  I was facing south looking towards the side of the K-Mart store a few houses down at the end of my street wishing to myself that there were not so many lights on that street when, off in the distance, I (barely) noticed this orb-like object.  My first idea was that it was a planet, though that did not make rational sense because it appeared much closer than a planet would to the naked eye.  Suddenly, this object moved sideways to the right, then the left, then upwards a bit and again erratically sideways, sometimes hovering for a second or two but then always resuming its path in moving up.  By this point, my heart began racing because I realized that what I was seeing did not make any sense.  I stood there and watched the object as it continued this erratic pattern across the sky until my view was obscured by the roof over my porch.  I ran outside to the other side of the house so that I was facing east and again found the object continuing its path.  Some people on the beach (I live 2 blocks from the beach) set off some fireworks (the low-grade kind that can be bought at any store around here).  The fireworks shot into the sky a distance roughly equal to 4 or 5 two-story houses.  The orb, by this point, had moved north/northeast past the fireworks and--even with the extra light in the sky, the object did not appear to reflect the light.  For a moment after the fireworks, the object seemed to move a little fast and within seconds of that it disappeared into the clouds.  I stood there in awe for a few seconds waiting for any possible reappearance, but nothing.  Immediately afterwards, I called my family to share what I had just seen.  I am still unable to make rational sense of this.  The object made no sound and moved steadily as if on a path, but erratically.  Additionally, the object did not seem to give off any colors as an airplane or helicopter would.  The object was perfectly round, which is why I describe it as an orb.  Because it was night, it was hard to tell if the object itself was colored, the only way I can describe it is that it seemed to blend in with the night sky.  The only reason I noticed the shape is because it had a faint, but distinct outline which seemed to give off a soft glow.  By glow, I do not mean that the object itself was glowing.  I mean the only glow was in the outline.  Beyond that, the only other description I can offer is that the object appeared to have been a dark or matte metallic.;36.0082;-75.6795000000001
Orange orb the color of fire lights up, expands in size, then shrinks back to nothingness and disappears, like an explosion in space.;2014-01-04 05:43:00;2-3 seconds;Orange orb the color of fire lights up, expands in size, then shrinks back to nothingness and disappears, like an explosion in space. Around 5:40am local time +/-5 minutes, while looking up at the stars before getting into my car to go to work, I saw something a stationary object that looked like a star increase its intensity with an orange glow the color of fire that expanded in size for a few seconds as it got brighter until the star sized object became larger than any planet in the night sky. (Approx 4x the size of Venus on the horizon, but this was almost directly overhead at about 75deg off the horizon towards the NE.  Then it faded back down in size and intensity and disappeared.  It didn't move from it's spot in the sky. Just got big and orange and then disappeared.  My immediate thought was that it was  a stationary explosion in space, like a satellite exploded or something.  I didn't think UFO until later when I heard other people talking about the orange orbs.;36.0082;-75.6795000000001
