These things were definitly in our area that  particular week hovering very low just above the tree lines and houses.;2000-08-03 22:00:00;5to10 min.;These things were definitly in our area that  particular week hovering very low just above the tree lines and houses. I was on my way home from my Thurs. night Bible study,and I was pulling into my driveway, when I saw a siting, that I was able to show a witness, my mom, to come outside quick, ( I had actually seen another one on the 30th of July while driving home with my mom around 11:30-12:00 p.m., but she didn't see it because she was driving, and it was above the next house down from ours on a country stretch, before we pulled in our drive that night), We were able to see one of them with great visability and another one further in the distance. They were hovering for a long period of time, they had lights, to me ,it seemed like it looked like a tophat or some upright cylinder also at the same time I saw a pulsating star in another direction and also a very strange light in the middle of the woods beside our house;41.2123;-85.7097
Floating, spinning pyramid flies into my home, leaving entrance and exit marks in the window.;2013-09-12 00:00:00;3 minutes;Floating, spinning pyramid flies into my home, leaving entrance and exit marks in the window. The Floating Spinning Tetrahedron September, 2013   The incident happened about 3 weeks ago.  The whole family was asleep and my son and his cousins had fallen asleep in the bedroom while playing the game cube.  I fell asleep in the living room on the floor.  I remember waking up and being fully awake I could not see the clock, so I did not know the time but it was late at night and past 1:00am because I had fallen asleep at about that time after checking on the children.  I was fully awake and noticed that a light was coming in from the kitchen window.  I didn’t think anything was amiss at first until I realized the light was becoming brighter and was an intense shade of blue.  It was then a spinning tetrahedron (pyramid shaped) entered in through the window.  It passed right through the window.  It was spinning very fast and was about the size of a Rubik’s cube, that I am sure we all have played with at one time.  I know it was blue and was also emitting a blue light but I remember I could not see the light emanating from the pyramid but it seemed to be the source, sort of like looking at the light from a flashlight but the light is coming from outside the flashlight it was really strange.   I started to feel afraid, especially for the children, when in my head I heard, “Do not be afraid, we will not harm you or your house.”  I was no longer afraid but I could not move, I don’t know if from shock or if something was stopping me, but I did not move.  The pyramid then went slowly past the doorway and into the bedroom, where the boys were and I could not see it but I could see the blue light.  Then after what seemed to be only a few seconds it came back into the doorway and into my field of view and went out the window again.  I could see the light fading from the window it was moving away and up. I seemed to gather my senses back and leapt up from the floor and bolted into the bedroom.  I made sure they were all breathing and sleeping.  Everything was fine so I ran back to the window hoping to get a glimpse ! of this thing again but it was gone.  I then went back to my bed on the floor and lie down and fell asleep so fast I am sure I broke some kind of record.  I did not even dream any more that night.  I guess I just soaked the experience into my brain.  I do remember, vividly, that now, as I looked at the pyramid as it was spinning and bobbing it looked exactly like a Star of David, if you can believe that. A few weeks after the flying, spinning pyramid incident.  Something caught my eye in the window where it came in.  I noticed that the window was....deformed, for lack of a better term at the moment.  The first 3 photos show the window and you can barely make out the pyramid shaped indentations where it left its mark.  The last 3 photos are from an idea I had of giving it a background, roughly the same color, using a shirt of mine, LOL.  The effect was rather weird, take a look. As with anything of this nature, take it with a grain of salt, but It still occupies my thoughts a lot, as the window pane is still there and I look at it daily, LOL.  This is, by far, the strangest series of events that happened to me, but I don't think it will be the last, LOL, lucky me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.2123;-85.7097
