Flying disk over Corona del Mar / Newport Beach, California;2007-05-10 21:30:00;15 minutes;Flying disk over Corona del Mar / Newport Beach, California On several occasions since last fall I have witnessed a small flying disk maneuvering in the night sky above a section of the Pacific Coast Highway between Jamboree Road and MacArthur Blvd in the California coastal city of Corona del Mar (Newport Beach).  The disk appears to be approximately 5 feet in diameter, and has the shape of a classic 1950’s style flying saucer.   The upper portion of the craft is outlined with a row of very bright and highly visible (white) LED lights. The disk appears to be powered by some form of electrically generated propulsion system, as it emits a steady and distinct “humming “ sound as it passes overhead.  The disk is able to ascend and descend vertically with startling speed, and is very agile and maneuverable in flight, performing banks and maneuvers not associated with conventional craft. For these reasons (and of course, due to the small size of the object) it is clear that the disk is unoccupied, operating under the remote control of an individual, or individuals located nearby.  It is quite shocking and disturbing to witness this object in flight.  It resembles neither aircraft nor helicopter in appearance or operation, and clearly demonstrates its superiority to both in terms of maneuverability and its prowess in rapid acceleration and deceleration.  One is not accustomed to seeing such an unusual object passing above what is otherwise a typical California beach town.  I most recently witnessed the object hovering in the sky just west of Newport Center (an outdoor shopping plaza flanked by a ring of office parks) on the 10th of May at approximately 9:30 in the evening.  I grabbed my Mini DV video camera from the house and drove over to a neighborhood park to get some footage of the object before it left the area.  I shot several minutes of the object in flight, and then watched it land on an expanse of grass adjacent to the Newport Center signage pylons.   Soon after the craft landed, its lights were powered down and its operator (presumably) retrieved it in the dark.  I quickly left my discreet vantage point in the nearby park, returned home, and began viewing the footage – highlights of which I am forwarding to your organization via email.  I think you will find the resulting video to be very interesting, as the camera’s 40x zoom lens allowed me to zoom in close on the disk at times, and also to pull back far enough to include recognizable objects such as buildings, traffic lights, and the signage pylons in the frame.;33.6008;-117.8775
Circular shaped bright lighted object flying over Corona del Mar, CA;2007-11-04 20:45:00;8 minutes;Circular shaped bright lighted object flying over Corona del Mar, CA We saw a circular/oval shaped object move in the sky - not too far off the ground. It moved in different directions and in a way a normal craft would not move. It was outlined with very bright white lights. It was seen between Goldenrod and Spyglass in Corona del Mar. We managed to shoot a few seconds by video, but craft was hard to catch.;33.6008;-117.8775
