Chevron-shaped retinal after-image after looking at the sun with eyes closed.;1978-07-15 12:00:00;2 minutes;Chevron shaped retinal after-image after looking at the sun with eyes closed. This is really a report of 3 observations of chevron shaped lights. 1.  In the late 70s, there was a report of strange night-time lights published in the newspaper we received at our rural home.  This must have been the Des Moines Register.  They included a photo in the report.  My memory of the photo is that it showed about 5 chevron shaped white lights against a black sky.  The chevon shapes (shallow Vs) each had one very distinctive characteristic one side of each V had an offset, or kink, in it — it wasn’t straight.  This offset was in just one side.  The other side of the V was straight.  It should be possible to find this document however,  I’m afraid my estimate when this happened is +/- several years. 2.  A short time later, perhaps a month or two, I was outside and looked up at the sun with my eyes closed.  I noticed nothing unusual, but when I looked away I saw several vivid and sharp chevron shaped retinal after-images.  There were about 3.  They were the exact same shape as those in the newspaper report.  The retinal after-images slowly faded and were gone in a minute or so.  The approximate date and time of this observation is what I entered on the report form. 3.  About 2 years ago, I was outside my current home.  It was sunny but I did not look at the sun. Suddenly a chevron shaped after-image appeared.  There was only 1 V this time.   It was similar to those I saw 40 years earlier but not identical.  One side of the V was straight and the other was not.  But instead of a simple offset it was wrinkled. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));41.4771;-95.3527
AT ABOUT 20:23 ON 1 DEC. 2000 (I BELEIVE) I was driving westbound in an 18 wheeler on I-80 at mile marker 60, near Avoca Iowa, when  I;2000-12-01 20:23:00;1.5-2MIN;AT ABOUT 20:23 ON 1 DEC. 2000 (I BELEIVE) I was driving westbound in an 18 wheeler on I-80 at mile marker 60, near Avoca Iowa, when  I saw what appeared to be something fall into the apmosphear to the south of me. At that time the russin robot shutel was haveing trouble and I assumed that it had come apart and fallen in to the aptmospher, leaving a green trail as it fell to earth.  How wrong I was, because a couple of seconds later, a lot of little white dots appeared and lit up the plasma arround them, leaving a multi-colord trail. Each one of the little dots was either obove or below the one in front. These craft were traveling in a south to north direction and passed over I-80. I had reached for my camera but was to engrosed in counting the things to take a picture.I had counted 26 and quiting counting. When they had had passed accross me,I grabbed the camera and got out of the truck, but, they had turned off their beautiful light show and disappeared from my sight. These little craft could have easely been seen from Offet Air Force base in Omaha NE. The whole show lasted about 1.5 to 2 min. There were cars and other trucks stopped to watch the show. I got on the C.B. and asked if anyone else had seen this little display and one driver came back and said it was a  meateor shower and I said no way, that was controled flight besides, I have never seen meators in formation before.I would like to know if anyone else had reported this. I can be contacted at 253-((number deleted)). ((NUFORC Note:  Date of event is approximate.  PD));41.4771;-95.3527
