Two orange lights, larger than a star, about 15 minutes apart, moving NE to SW, second actually three lights in 10x50 binoculars.;2014-10-10 19:30:00;10-15 minutes;Two orange lights, larger than a star, about 15 minutes apart, moving NE to SW, second actually three lights in 10x50 binoculars. I don’t usual visit UFO websites and rarely see something that I can’t logically explain (I am an engineer and tend to be very grounded and logical), but what I saw on October 10, 2014, truly has me wondering.  It was not a Chinese lantern, typical aircraft, star, or shooting star/meteor.  The only logical explanation seems to be some kind of unusual craft, either from this world or another (and I find the latter to fall into the category of “what’s left after excluding what you know it is not, no matter how extraordinary, must be true”.....though I still find it difficult to consider this possibility). I was camping in the Finger Lakes Region of New York.  While looking east about an hour after sunset, I saw a large bright orange light moving at approximately the same speed as a satellite that one can see by the sun’s reflection as it passes overhead.  The orange light was moving from NE to SW and was inclined at about a 45 degree angle from ground.  There was no sound coming from the light.  I watched for about a minute as it moved through a clearing in the trees.  I thought perhaps it was a satellite, but it was much brighter and a different color than other satellites I have seen, and at one point it appeared to slow down and its course appeared to shift slightly and briefly before resuming its previous speed and course.  I thought it was possibly a plane, but there were no navigation lights or beacons.  When I saw the speed/course change, I thought possibly it was a helicopter with a search light, though not sure why it would be orange, and it did not seem low enough or bright enough for searching. The light appeared to glow like a star or planet. There were no shimmering or fireball effects, and no tail as from something falling through the atmosphere. The brightness was constant. Again, no sound. About 10 to 15 minutes later, I retrieved my 10x50 binoculars to do some star gazing when I saw a second orange light that appeared in the same location and on the same course as the first light. When I looked at it through my binoculars, I saw that the orange light was actually three orange lights clustered in a tight triangular formation. (This triangular formation was not visible without the binoculars.) These three lights appeared to just be glowing no shimmering or fireball effects. It made me think of the glow of rocket engines when you are too far away to see the flames (or the engine glow of spaceship engines in countless sci-fi movies/shows). I watched the second light for about a minute as it also moved through a clearing in the trees. The second light did not appear to change course, speed or brightness.  I started to ask my friend if he saw the lights when he asked me the same thing.  He also has an engineering background and is very logical and not prone to wild assumptions.  Unfortunately there was not enough time for him to view them through the binoculars, so only I saw that the second light was not just a single light. I have been periodically checking on-line for the past few days for other reports of sightings or news of these lights.  The only thing that I have found that is similar is a UFO report in MA (orange light traveling NE to SW).  This other sighting date/time/description seems right to possibly be the same lights I saw assuming they transited over both MA and NY.;42.6079;-77.2097
