V-shaped formation of objects photographed....;2007-07-04 20:20:00;4-5 seconds;V-shaped formation of objects photographed.... On the evening of Wednesday, July 4th, I got a strange feeling that I was being watched.   I had photographed a cigar shaped UFO about two week prior following repeated helicopter flyovers and the sighting of a fast moving disc, which was submitted to your site as well as to MUFON.   This was the same sort of feeling...a powerful sense of presence.    I grabbed my Sony DSC-H5 digital SLR with 2x telephoto and 10x internal optical zoom.   I set the internal zoom to approx. 3.5x and to the automatic setting.   I began to shoot a series of bursts at treetop level...the camera will shoot anywhere from 3 to 5 images in quick succession, usually less than a second apart.   One of the final series of 'bursts' captured a V-shaped formation of at least nine objects in the second of five shots.   I did not see anything when I shot the images.   I was making sure to not photograph birds as I first framed the shot and focused through the viewscreen and then visually scanned the skies before hitting the shutter button.   There were no birds in sight.   The fourth image also showed an object sittng just above a branch.   I later put together a rough animated gif (which is being sent to you) in the hopes that I can be told that these are bugs that fly in formation and then do zig zagging maneuvers. Speaking of maneuvers...the Blue Angels were in SE Michigan that evening, temporarily based at Willow Run Airport approx. 30 miles to the east of my location.   They did a flyover at the start of the Detroit Tigers-Cleveland Indians game at Comerica Park in Detroit.   I did not hear any aircraft when shooting these images... This series of photos as well as the previous cigar shaped object photographed have occurred in the skies which seem to be a main air corridor for large commercial and cargo jets flying eastward out of Chicago.    These objects are flying around in relatively busy airspace.   I would think that the FAA should be concerned.;42.123;-84.3533
