silver, gray, twice car size, round discus, silent, gas ring around craft, white lights around middle, windows?, green/blue light;2001-10-28 00:28:00;Not sure, 15 minutes or s;silver, gray, twice car size, round discus, silent, gas ring around craft, white lights around middle, windows?, green/blue light My fiance and I were coming from dropping a friend off at her house. We exitted the ramp from highway 64 onto Airport Road (AND NO IT WAS NOT AN AIRPLANE) and began to on the first right towards my aparmtent. I casually glanced up (he was driving and I was in passenger seat) and hovering below the powerlines maybe only 10-15 feet above my car was a gray/silver UFO. It was twice the size of my car, round, discus shape I suppose, with white lights around the middle and a red light on the bottom. I want to say there was a green or blue light but it is fuzzy. It also had silver like 'windows' all around it. The light on the car and inside flickered several times but he engine did not stop. I have not wanted to talk about it...and don't know why I am now. I screamed for him to stop and rolled down my window. There was no sound, acutally everything was erily silent. No cars, noise, people...nothing. I noticed around the craft was a gas-like ring. Similar to the phenomenon in the summer on hot asphault when heat is rising (it's the best I can do to describe it). It began to lower itself slowly behind the powerlines and some trees. Unfortunately my fiance revved up the car and took off. I was screaming for him to turn around.  He finally did...but we saw no sign of it and he wouldn't let me go into the woods. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, althought the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));37.7492;-81.0725
Silver disk. lights in middle, windows, gaseous haze around disk;2001-10-28 00:28:00;15  minutes;Silver disk. lights in middle, windows, gaseous haze around disk This is to update the data I gave about my previous entry. I wanted to clarify that this is the exact date and time I saw the craft. It was the night we 'fall back' one hour and I remember looking at the clock seconds before I saw the disk. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) My apologies, the autofill on my computer entered the wrong town and zip. Very sorry, everything else is accurate and was just an update to verify that the time and date were correct. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that we never received the original report.  We have invited the witness to send a complete report.  PD));37.7492;-81.0725
