Cylinder shaped craft in Wichita Falls, TX. Faded away...;2011-04-02 20:00:00;3-5 minutes;Cylinder shaped craft in Wichita Falls, TX.  Faded away... My husband and I were driving West on Southwest Parkway in Wichita Falls, TX on 4/2/11 around 8 PM when I noticed what looked like an airplane flying at an unusually high altitude. I didn't think much of it until I noticed that it had no visible wings and didn't appear to be moving. I know when you fly in the same direction as a plane it can appear that it isn't moving, but after we made a few turns, we realized it wasn't moving like a plane.  It left no contrail, and it was a perfectly clear, dry Spring day at dusk. I pointed it out to my husband who began watching it as he drove along.  After a minute of us both watching, the object slowly disappeared, as if someone turned down it's brightness, versus it turning in a different direction, or flying off into the distance.  It didn't get smaller, it just uniformly faded. My husband was witness to this event.  We have a major air force base here in town, so I'm not going to assume it was extra-terrestrial, but I've never seen an airplane do that, commercial or otherwise. I suppose you could say it was cigar or cylinder shaped, but in a way it almost looked like a Zeppelin.  It was hard to tell cause as I said, it was at a high altitude.  But as I also said, it really didn't look like or act like a commercial airliner.  It was either white or silver, also hard to tell cause it could have been reflecting (or I suppose even putting off) light. My husband and I are both college educated, middle class, 20-somethings who are skeptical of usual claims, but open to the possibility of them being legitimate.  He is from the area, and I grew up in Atlanta, Georgia.  My husband also claims he saw one in the area almost ten years ago while he was fishing, but it looked like a different type of craft, 3 dots in a triangle shape, more reflective than shiny.  That incidence occurred over a period of several hours.;33.922256217346;-98.512189759666
