small red rectangle in texas;2006-11-01 23:00:00;2 min;small red rectangle in texas It was about 11pm on a saturday night in november.  I live on the second floor of a two story appartment.  I had to smoke a cigarette, so I went to the balcony.  It was november in texas, so the wind was blowing pretty hard.  My balcony faces a large open area where the appartment swimming pool is located.   As I was lighting my cigarette, I noticed something coming from over the building on my right.  It was only about three or four feet wide and rectangular, almost a perfect square.  It had a dull red appearance.  It moved by me pretty fast only about twenty or so feet in front of me.  It looked like it came from over the building, it dipped down in front of me, and started rising pretty fast.   Normally, on a windy texas night i wouldn't have thought much about that, but it moved in a straight line, and was definately three dimensional.   As i mentioned before, it was moving pretty fast and flew by me as i was lighting my cig.  I kept watching it and it changed direction and started going skyward, again it was moving in a completly straight line.  Only once it got some altitude and some distance did it start to get a white glow to it, and i was able to follow it in the sky for quite awhile, definatly longer than i should have for an object of that size.   By this time i was trying to figure out what in Heavens name this thing was.  It couldn't have been paper, since in the wind paper wouldn't have kept its shape, and plus it was a complete square.  It couldn't have been a box, since the wind wasn't THAT strong, and again it would have been knocked around instead of moving in a straight line.  Plus, boxes don't glow.   As i mentioned before, i followed it for quite awhile, i smoked the majority of my cigarette watching it, and then it just dissappeared.   I noticed a plane was in the sky on an intercept course to the object, and when it dissapeared, the plane changed course.   I live near an Air Force base and i wonder if the plane was a military plane. If anyone has had a similar experiance, I would like to hear about, partly just to confirm my sanity. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));33.922256217346;-98.512189759666
