Ufo spotted two days before possible MIB and electrical/radio interference and large owl sighting;2017-06-23 22:00:00;Unknown;Ufo spotted two days before possible MIB and electrical/radio interference and large owl sighting It started a few days ago.  I was watering my plants on the front porch, when I saw this bright object in the sky.  At first I thought it was a meteor, and I told my father's girlfriend to come look.  She saw it as well, my father merely glanced at it from the backyard and said it was a plane or something.  It was flying near Baker's Corner store in Longview, WA.  I knew it wasn't a plane crashing down or a meteor because it had no smoke billowing from it.  I recorded the part where it shaped into a ball from its fireball shape.  It was a very bright silver metallic that reflected in the sunset.  However, the recording is saved onto my snapchat so I am unable to post here... Yesterday, my friends and I went to Willow Grove Beach in Longview.  We stopped at Baker's Corner like we normally do to get tea and such for the hot day ahead of us (we have had record heat already).  When we got to the grove, however, this man came up to us in a van and told us that the park was closing in ten minutes.  I wanted to tell him, Oh, okay, thank you, but all that came out was, Oh and I turned around and walked to the beach.   I don't know what came over me, but I was very afraid of him, as were my friends.  We swam for a while with some friends, and once our friends were with us they stopped patrolling.  During our time in the water we noticed that there was a party taking place further down the beach and the security had not stopped to inform them of the curfew.  We stayed for maybe 30 min until another van came down the trail with its light flashing.  They were headed for us, so we rushed out of the water to my friend's truck.  They followed slowl! y down the trail.  They were both wearing sunglasses and they were pale, I didn't look at them long.  We left and went to eat at a restaurant in the sister town, but after dinner, I realized I had forgotten my purse.  It wasn't in the restaurant, so we had to drive all the way back to willow.  My chest hurt as we got closer to our destination, it was almost hard to breathe.  My friends seemed nervous as well.  It might have been because of the creepy security men before, but it felt much heavier than that.   As we started down the 2 mile stretch of road to the beach, the truck began acting strange.  The lights flickered and turned off then on and the brights turned on etc., and at first I thought it was my friend messing with the lights until she said, Did you guys see that?  I looked up from my phone which was glitching out and focused on the lights on the road.  They turned off for a moment, the radio was disrupted, and it was eerily quiet.   Then the internal lights turned on brighter than I had seen them and the windshield wipers started ging at full speed, the gages twitched and flickered and then everything went dark.  We could see under the moon and decided to turn around in a farmers driveway right before the boat launch.  The lights came back and we took off.   We all felt sick and sufficiently spooked, and as we turned left back towards the highway, a huge white owl swooped down behind the truck and into the tall grass on the other side of the road.  We got back to our friends after midnight, which was strange because the grove isn't very far from where she lived. What do you all think?  Is there a correlation between the strange curfew and the strange security van men?  The owl?  The ufo?;46.1478000000001;-122.9711
