Object close to ground with erratic color and shape patterns.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Sirius.  PD));2008-12-08 22:37:00;45 mins;Object close to ground with erratic color and shape patterns My boyfriend and I were watching TV on a Monday evening  at about  10:37 pm pst a very bright multi colored light caught my eye. The lights were visible through his back patio door, which faces east with about 15 miles of visibility into the horizon.  The object was hovering about 1.5 miles off of the ground and was about 3 miles away.  It was over a residential neighborhood.  Initially, I thought that it was a reflection of Christmas lights through the patio door from a neighbor’s house across the street.  We opened the patio door and observed the object, which emitted no sound and what looked like white lights coming in towards the object.  The object changed shape from a distorted diamond shape, to oval, to circular, to arms of light outstretching from the middle to one giant ball of bright light.  We witnessed colors such as blue, green, amber, red, purple, and almost every color of the rainbow coming from the object.  The light patterns were completely erratic and random with no steady pattern.  The image maintained position for about 15 minutes but changed shapes and colors frequently.  As earlier stated, there were white balls of light that looked like they were being sucked towards the object and at that moment, above our heads, a comet shot in the direction towards the object.  This comet was low and extremely bright, and unlike any I have ever seen.  We went into the house and turned out all of the lights and watched the object change formations.  Then, it just started disappearing into the east, like it was being sucked up into a vacuum tube.  The momentum seemed very quick, and within a second, it was gone.  We sat there in amazement, trying to figure out what we just saw.  As we were watching the sky, the object came back in the same sucking type motion back towards the west.  The patterns, such as color and shapes, remained the same erratic pattern as before, but the object was higher into the sky.  It stayed for only about 7 minutes this time, and then disappeared in the s! ame fash ion as before.  After disappearing the second time, the object did not return.  We continued to watch the sky until 2400, but the object never returned.  We recorded about 22 seconds of poor quality footage on a nikon camera with video options, but could not zoom in.  On the recording, you can see multi colored and moving lights in the distance. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Sirius.  PD));46.1478000000001;-122.9711
Orange-colored diamond shaped objects.;2014-12-16 21:00:00;15 minutes;Orange colored diamond shaped objects. There were 2 orange tented glowing objects in the sky above my house.  They were hovering atop of one another very close.  One of the ufo's seemed much bigger than the others.  The 2 ufo's slowly disappeared and another one appeared as soon as the other 2 were gone.  The 3rd ufo hovered just the same and looked like the others.;46.1478000000001;-122.9711
