Witnessed 5 red lights in the sky that, a minute later, became one, then disappeared.;2013-01-01 01:30:00;1:30-1:40;Witnessed 5 red lights in the sky that, a minute later, became one, then disappeared. My Mother and I were on our way back home from a New Year’s Eve party.  We were on our way back to her apartment.  My husband, brother, and two young children were in another vehicle and were just ahead of us. Up in the clear dark sky was a formation of five red fire ball looking lights.  It did not have an actual shape.  They were too close to be helicopters and too large to be an airplane.  It also was not far from the ground, about fifteen stories high.  At first my mother thought they could have been a firework that had just exploded and the lit up particles were falling to the ground.  But they continued to stay in the sky.  We pulled over to watch the lights for about a minute or so.  They were not really moving too fast.  We got back on the road and arrived at her apartment about a minute later.  I looked up in the sky and there was only one light.  I came back out after eating and there were no lights to be found. I have checked the local newspapers and searched the internet to see if anyone else might have seen and/or reported these lights.  So far nothing can be found.  We were not the only people driving around last night who could have possibly seen this occurrence.  My husband and brother also saw the lights in the sky and wondered what in the world they were.  I’m a skeptic on these kinds of things.  But I just can’t get over what I witnessed last night.  Hopefully with this post maybe someone else can help identify what it was or possibly witnessed it too.;46.1478000000001;-122.9711
Long period of flashing lights traveling in a signle file line formation. ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-12 05:15:00;30 minutes;Long period of flashing lights traveling in a signle file line formation. There I was going outside for a smoke when out of the corner of my eye I see what looks like a plane flying overhead with the flashing lights until a second later I see another one... and another... and another!  For 30 minutes solid the strange flashing lights flew overhead in a single file line formation from over the pacific ocean, heading from the west to the east inland, without a single sound.  I thought I was going crazy so I went inside, woke my mom up, and got her mobile phone from her to take a short video and to make sure I wasn't going crazy. Not even she had seen anything like this before.  There were many flashing lights following very closely to the single file line formation, clearly going in the same direction, almost as if it was an inexperienced pilot going off the directed flight path. 2 even crossed paths, not colliding, but clearly still traveling in the same direction. The only answer anyone could give me on the internet were Elon's Starlink schedule but after watching a video of Elon's Starlink schedule and view I can say with confidence that it wasn't a group of satellites orbiting in a single file line formation for 30 minutes straight. I've never seen anything like this before in all my almost 30 years of living.  There were so many flashing lights flying overhead that my mom couldn't tell they were flashing until after she'd completely woken up and watched the small video I captured while watching later that morning. She thinks it was a military exercise but I've never seen nor heard of a military exercise being conducted in such a plainly obvious formation. These flashing lights moved way too fast to be satellites in visible orbit. They were almost all in sync aside from the randoms me and my mom spotted flying in close proximity to the others traveling from the west to the east. These flashing lights went on so long that they were still visible as the sun peaked and started hiding the night sky.  Thank you for taking the time to read about what I have seen and experienced.;46.1478000000001;-122.9711
