Very bright round ball of light, moving fast and low. No tail. Traveling W.to E.;1999-05-24 22:15:00;2 seconds;Very bright round ball of light, moving fast and low. No tail. Traveling W.to E. It was 10:15 PM on Monday night as my boyfriend and I we're driving home along a road with trees on both sides. We both noticed a bright white, round, object moving West to East. It was traveling fast and seemed low. It lasted for a few seconds and we both said at the same time, did you see that. The sky was very clear out that night.;48.5769;-117.8602
At ~8:30 pm I went out and turned off the yard light.  I noticed a light that blinked different colors. ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius? PD));2016-01-01 20:30:00;1 hour;We live in rural Stevens County, WA.   At around 8:30 pm, I went out and turned off the yard light. I noticed a light that blinked different colors.  Red blue white.  It kind of jumped around in the sky.   I went in the house getting my roommate who came outside with me.  She grabbed the binoculars.  Looking through the binoculars we could see the colors better. ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius?  PD));48.5769;-117.8602
Orangish light flying very fast and in odd manner during fireworks show.;2019-07-04 22:00:00;30 minutes;Orangish light flying very fast and in odd manner during fireworks show Was watching the fireworks this Fourth of July with my ex boyfriend, when I noticed an orangish light just above the tree line.  It would be visible and then disappear, I watched it do that 3 times.  At first, he thought it was something related to the fireworks that I was seeing, but he realized it was not fireworks when the light came back and moving fast, from south to north then abruptly making a sharp turn and headed east, then it just vanished.  This happened a couple of times before I had the presence of mind to get my phone and try to capture it on video.  Literally the moment I started to video it, it vanished. Waited and waited, but it didn't come back. Until after the next weird ass thing happened.  As I'm looking for this light, I see an enormous blue laser light cutting across the sky.  I've never seen s laser that was that big, nor have I seen a blue one.  My house is situated on a hill overlooking the valley, the orangish light had been over the mount! ains to the west and the laser came from the north (either from Colville Mountain or very close).  The laser beam was very big and the intensity was so strong, it stretched across the sky. It was very brief, though.  I have talked to a third person who also witnessed the laser, but from another location.  After the laser went out, I noticed the orangish light was back, but now it was in the vicinity of where I had seen the laser.  Once again, it flew along the tree line, back and forth a few times before it disappeared.  I did get some video of what was happening, the quality is horrible (I am not an accomplished camera operator), but the light I was seeing is distinguishable.  You can even see when it changes to an almost red color.  Forgive the fact that my ex is totally bombed and providing non-stop commentary in the back ground :)  I really do not know what I saw, only that it did not look like anything I've ever seen before.;48.5769;-117.8602
