Four orange fireballs seen over Wautoma, WI;2011-11-14 15:08:00;15 minutes;Four orange fireballs seen over Wautoma, WI At dusk on November 14, 2011, just south of Wautoma, WI, I was leaving my bowhunting tree stand and walking towards my car.  As I looked up into the darkening sky I saw 4 bright orangish, yellow fireballs in a diamond formation.   These flashes of light all appeared very low in the sky.  Immediately they got much brighter and larger but stayed in the same general position for a second or two.  They then disappeared as quickly as they had appeared.  The light seemed to fade out and slightly upwards and the scene was over in 3 seconds. About 20 seconds later as I was staring dumbfounded at the sky wondering where they went, 2 fighter jets came flying in to the exact vicinity where the ufo's disappeared.  They were very high and not identifiable to the visible eye as fighter jets but the roar of the engines were so loud and the speed at which they traveled was so fast there is no question that is what they were.  These 2 jets then began combing the sky, from the east towards the west, and back and forth for the next 30 minutes, at least.    Once I realized they were fighter jets searching for the ufo's I called my hunting partner who was 7 miles away from my position.  I knew nobody would believe me so I wanted my cynical friend to see the jets.  Well we were talking on the phone and he heard and spied the jets too.  Within another minute or two both of us identified 3 orange fireballs, now much further to the west.  From my location they were in a line and they once again only appeared for a few seconds, brightened, and then quickly faded away.  My friend counted 3 also and was saying that there was another orange fireball, the fourth, more directly above him.  I could not see that one.  However, the fighter jets were combing the sky where they disappeared, they were clearly tracking and trying to follow the ufos. It was also Monday night football and the Packers were playing the Vikings at 7:30 PM.  They were supposed to have a fighter jet flyover before the game, which never happened, my brothers were at the game and no jets did the pre game flyover, they were all busy with the ufos. About 8:30 PM, we were watching the packer game in the cabin.  I thought I could hear more fighter jets and looked out the window.  Both of us saw another orange globe of light west of Wautoma that disappeared seconds after seeing it.  I went outside and could see the flashing lights and hear the roar of two jets that were still combing the sky.   I am 26 years old, college educated at UW-La Crosse and an avid outdoor enthusiast.  I am open to the possibilites of extra terrestrials and this confirmed it.  Why else would fighter jets be racing across the central Wisconsin sky and not performing at the packer/viking monday night football game which is one of the biggest events of Wisconsin's year?;44.0681999999999;-89.2636000000002
