Slow moving bright light moving across early morning sky!;2005-10-22 06:10:00;60 Minutes;Slow moving bright light moving across early morning sky! While I was outside having a smoke it was around 6:10 am people were driving off to work or to breakfast, I was enjoying the moon and stars also mars was directly west just above the horizion the moon was at 1200 high.  Then while looking at mars a light came out of nowhere just to the left of mars it and started moving toward south and slowly turning easterly it was moving slow it was not a plane or jet it just had the one light and it did not blink, my neighbor just backed out of the driveway and took off and a lady giving her dog a early morning walk just went by my house, I was standing on the steps which face west and walked down to the middle of my driveway and I was looking for this light, and it had stopped directly to the south just above the horizion! It just sat there I watched it and it watched me the light was moving around back and forth up and down just floating in the sky and it looked like little white lights would go around it once in a while and seems to give off some sort of light flashes it was bright there was like light branching off the top to the left and right of the object, kind of like when you squint your eyes and look at a light. It was about 6:30 now I went in the house to lay down I was still tired too earlty to get up yet. I dozed off and woke up about 7:05am sure enough the light was still up there moving around and bobbing up and down, then just all of a sudden it vanished just as strange as it appeared! There was no engine noise the whole time I had been viewing it and it was approx. the height of the smaller planes when they go by I know it was not a star or a plane or jet or satlelite!  Thanks, keep looking up everybody they are out there!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));45.0822;-93.139
Triangle formation of lights visible for five to ten seconds.;2013-07-03 23:00:00;10 seconds;Triangle formation of lights visible for five to ten seconds. Three very bright lights forming an equilateral triangle.  They were intensely bright and white.  I noticed them because the lights were brighter than the stars.   I work nights and am outside frequently during work.  I am very familiar with stars and constellations.   A few seconds after I noticed the lights and had determined that they could not be stars one of the lights went out.   A light then streaked accross the sky in the same area.  I don't know if it was the light that had blinked out.   The other two lights then went out simultaneously.   I waited awhile and nothing more happened.;45.0822;-93.139
