Triangle figure with 3 bright lights flying low at almost 6AM;2003-12-27 05:30:00;10 minutes;Triangle figure with 3 bright lights flying low at almost 6AM I was driving home at 530AM and half way down my street i noticed something flying very low.  At first I thought it was a local helicopter, but then as I drove closer to it I realized it was not anything like a plane.  I stopped in the middle of the road to take a good glance at it. It was a triangle figure with three bright lights at each corner of it with a strobe effect red light in the middle.  It was going very fast but gliding very smoothly and it was relativley proportioned low in the sky for a flying device.  I freaked out and speed the half of a mile home.  My house is surronded by fields mind you...so when I got home I was really freaked out.  I started to get out of my car and I heard noises like someone/something was tapping my car and someone/something was dragging their feet on my driveway (which consists of rocks)  So I heard the noise of feet scraping against rocks.  I called my mother and woke her up and had her come open the side door and start to walk outside so whatever was making noises in my driveway would disappear.  I went into my house safley, and began to look out the window and saw the same triangle figure except it was going in the opposite direction than I origianlly saw it.   I then glanced outside a couple mintues later and saw another triangle figure with a blue light, and a couple mintues later another figure with a green light.  So i dont know if it was the same triangle figure and it changed it's middle light? Or if theyre were three triangle figures in the sky.  I was really freaked out by the situation and I still am.  I get scared driving down my street in the dark, I am afraid I will see it again.  And I am not so lucky that I live near fields...which it is rumoured that the UFO's like to land there.  It is not a plesant expierence to go through.  Im scared ((deleted)).;43.1864999999999;-77.8028000000001
Black Triangular Craft with Seven Dim Lights Sighted Over Spencerport, NY;2005-07-02 23:30:00;2 minutes;Black Triangular Craft with Seven Dim Lights Sighted Over Spencerport, NY The evening was unusually cool and very clear, so my husband and I decided to go out onto the back patio to enjoy some relief from the heat and relax while looking at the stars.  We sat in our loungers watching the sky for about a 1/2 hour or so, but only saw the usual satillite or two, and a shooting star.  Then, just before we were getting ready to head in, I caught something out of the corner of my eye moving in the sky toward us from over our house, coming from the South East, headed North West. As I focused on it, I could see the outline of a black, triagular craft, with seven yellowish, very dim lights on the bottom.  Three of the lights were along the bottom left, three along the bottom right and then one light at the tip. The body was very black against the sky and the underside lights looked just like round, recessed lighting you'd put in your house, but with the dimmer turned way down.  It blended so well with the sky that had I not been staring straight up, I probably would not have seen it.  As it moved, the bottom of the craft seemed to always be facing us, since you could not see any depth to it...it looked very thin and flat.  At this point, I started pointing up and yelling for my husband to look ...he did and to my surprise, he saw exactly what I did...a big, black triangle, flying quite low, at what appeared to be just a few thousand feet.  It made absolutely no noise and moved very smoothly like a glider through the sky.  It came from over the front of our house, passed over our backyard and then disappeared as it moved behind the trees at the back of our property.  As for the speed, it was moving moderately fast, but slow enough that we were able to view it for 1 1/2 - 2 minutes.  I had seen something very strange in the sky many years ago, but was alone at the time and had no one with me in order to do a reality check.  This time, though, I could not believe that my husband was actually seeing the same thing that I was.  Those few minutes were very surreal. The whole experience was quite exciting, yet very disquieting at the same time -- what was it that we saw?????  My husband and I are both well educated, respected technical professionals in our mid-30s, with steady jobs, a stable home life and we own our home.  We very rarely drink, if ever, and do not do drugs.;43.1864999999999;-77.8028000000001
