Large, highly bright and changing lighting, shape changing, increbable speed UFO captured on phone video. Felton Delaware;2008-09-29 21:25:00;5 minutes;Large, highly bright and changing lighting, shape changing, increbable speed UFO captured on phone video. Felton Delaware I was going to go pick up my friend and this thing that looked like an airplane flew over my car in the driveway really, really, low.  It had about 8 huge headlights that were white and really bright and a blinking red light in the center of it.  I actually stopped to look at it because it was so strange.  When I went and got my friend I told her about it and she said I was stupid.  On our way back to my house I pointed it out to her and it was hovering over some woods on my road, it was very big.  My friend started freaking out and I tried to follow it.  When I stopped in the neighborhood next to mine to sit and watch for it, I was outside my other friend’s house and told him to come outside.  He came outside and we stood and waited for it to appear, at this point all of it’s white head lights were off, and we could only see the blinking read light.  All of the sudden the thing turned around and all of the lights were back on.  It was headed straight towards us and was still very low so I got back in my car and went home to tell my parents.  I recorded it on my cell phone but it is a very shaky picture because I was nervous. As the father of the above witness, I can confirm the video phone evidence is very impressive.;39.0225;-75.5925
Coming from upstate new york we left here at 5:30pm. Tryed to get into the first entrance of the camping ground around 11:20pm. It was;2010-08-21 23:45:00;1 minute;Coming from upstate new york we left here at 5:30pm.  Tryed to get into the first entrance of the camping ground around 11:20pm. It was locked so we started following the signs which were the color brown that said campground hoping we would find another way into the park. I am pretty sure we were actually on killens pond road at this time. When my girlfriend stopped the car to get her flip flops out of the back. I was still sitting int the car. I got impatient and got out of the passenger side. Cause we were not completely off the road she had pulled up on the right hand side of the road but the left hand side of the car was sticking out into the the road and she had the back door open. About 20 feet over the tree lines was this pretty big traingle and about 50 feet to 75 feet on back of all the lights in this odd shaped traingle was this blinking red light making this vehicle the size of a football field not making a sound. I was screaming ufo my girlfriend ! was just saying o my god o my god. It wasn't hovering but wasn't moving right either. It's hard to explain. It was like the way it went out below the trees it was changing shape. I seen houses in that direction and im hoping someone else got a look at this again we were on the road with the brown signs that say campgrounds looking over to the left side was a huge field then the tree line and houses. I was standing in the middle of the road after the thing disappeared and not one car passed the whole time. If someone in delaware seen this thing I would like you to contact me, I live in upstate new york. The only reason why this is so unbelievable to me is cause it was so big and so close and it did not make a noise, nothing it was so swift. The lights were not extremely bright but I really couldn't get the shape of it. I know that red light in the back of it was connected by the way it moved with the object. But it was like it was so far away and out of place. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.0225;-75.5925
