Flying object with 3 red, rear end tail lights in the shape of a triangle that illuminated in and out of brightness.;2011-11-18 21:30:00;1 minute;Flying object with 3 red, rear end tail lights in the shape of a triangle that illuminated in and out of brightness. I heard a loud humming/engine noise through the screen door of my apartment so I stepped out onto my third story balcony and saw a low flying aircraft that appeared to be in the shape of a cylinder, but I cannot confirm this shape due to how dark it was outside.  The object headed NW and held a very steady altitude and speed, almost as if it was on cruise control. What was most noticeable were the lights on the rear end of the craft.  From my vantage point, I watched the object from behind and had a clear visual of the back end of the object.  It appeared to have a large panel of lights on the rear end of it.  In the center of the panel were three red lights in the shape of a triangle that illuminated in and out slowly.  There were other white lights that surrounded the triangular shaped lights in the center but these did not dim in and out as the red ones did. I watched the object until it disappeared behind a tree line.  The light characteristics, altitude and speed remained constant throughout the entire duration of the sighting. I am an avid stargazer and night sky observer and am very familiar with the characteristics of airplanes and helicopters, especially at night.  What I saw this particular night did not fit either of those descriptions.;39.3184000000001;-82.1012
Stationery r, w, g lights 1hr+ NE Athens, OH.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly twinkling star??  PD));2015-09-23 23:00:00;On going;Stationery r, w, g lights 1hr+ NE Athens OH About 070 from 1/2 mile south of Ohio University.  Elev angle constant about 25 degrees above horizon.  Stationary.  Red, white,  green lighting appears to be mechanically generated.  Craft position unchanged over one hour observation.  Illumination level brighter than Venus or Vega.  I don't see any planets above the horizon on my sky view phone app.  Three planets are indicated as well below horizon.  No clouds.  Cool temp mid 50s.  Minimal air movement.  Red and green light swap sides as if autorotation craft was changing headings 180 degrees.  No apparent pattern to that.  White above r & g but no space discernible between top to bottom.  Too distant for iPhone camera.  Easily seen lights detail w binocs 7x50. ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE)) Addendum to earlier after calling hotline:  Orange changing to amber lights were added for last 30 minutes of observation.  The amber lights tended to obscure the red and green lights when they strived on.  Lights disappeared with no apparent change in position.  I was watching through binocs and lights were there and then they were not.  There was no change in position.  Stars changed position but it did not.  I took rapid exposures with iPhone (15 / sec?).  Resolution is so poor colors can't be discerned.  About all the pics demonstrate is the dimming and brightening of a white light.    W r/g     r/g or/amb      or/amb ((END ADDENDUM));39.3184000000001;-82.1012
