Three dot formation overtaken by fourth object manuvering at ease at a very high rate of speed.;2001-06-09 00:45:00;15-20 sec.;Three dot formation overtaken by fourth object manuvering at ease at a very high rate of speed. As was our normal routine on the weekends, my gilfriend and I would sit out on the dock and look for satellites on the beautiful clear nights. This particular night my girlfriend pointed to a small group of what looked to be satellites moving across the lower eastern sky. The night was extremely clear so what we were viewing was without question objects at satellite height moving south at a clear constant, no flashing lights, no noise. The formation was as three objects, one leading two more following. The two following were in a stack formation. Picture if you will four dots forming a box with the top right dot not visable (right angle formation). We observed this for just a couple of seconds when my girlfriend pointed to a fourth object trailing from the north moving on the same plane but at a very high rate of speed easily catching up to the formation. It closed the gap so fast that it made my girlfriend exclaim that it was going to collide with the lower rear object. But without any hesitation the object dipped below and overtook the bottom rear object turning upward toward the top rear object circling over the top as to make a half figure eight then heading downward and toward the leading object. These movements were flowing,no jerky movement,as if doodling on paper. Never slowing or moving out of formation the three objects remained on a steady course. The fourth object overtook the leading object and narrowly missing it passed below it excelerating twice to three times the speed of the formation. Now the fourth object was now heading in a southwestern direction. That fourth object was out of view in just a blink of an eye. The three in formation stayed on course as if programed to do so eventually disapearing to the southern night sky. I know that what I saw was extroidinary. Nothing made on planet earth moves at that speed with that kind of movement at that height with someone or something at the controls. But if we do have aircraft capable of such flight we are being kept in the dark ages by a organization much more powerful and secretative than anyone could possibly imagine. To this day my girlfriend is still quite scared and somewhat reluctant to talk about that night. Also, what we viewed that night we told to my parents and family that very morning. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));44.0949;-85.939
