Close Encounter with 2 UFO's.;2015-08-28 22:57:00;3 minutes;My Mom had a close encounter with 2 UFO's last night (Friday) 8-28-2015 between 10:57 P.M and 10:59 P.M.  The following is her account of the encounter.....  She was sitting in our vehicle in a dark parking lot, waiting for me to get out of work to pick me up.  Suddenly the parking lot began to light up with a bright amber color.   This got her attention so she got out of vehicle and stood on the running board looking up in awe and unable to believe what she was witnessing.  2 UFO's that were different sizes, one really big and one small, they were clear circular-shaped objects with amber fire inside of them and they were descending from the north of Lawton and completely silent and floating much like helium filled balloons and then they were hovering at tree top level for just about 2 minutes and then they filled in with red fire and rapidly floated high in the sky almost straight up but with slight angle northward back to where they came from.   Also, Mom said she felt bad because she was wishing that these UFO's wouldn't go away because she wanted us guy's to get to see them too.  The following is what myself and 2 other guy's seen at exactly 11 P.M. when we clocked out of work and walked down the (wind tunnel) out of Welch's right up in the sky in our line of sight we seen 2 bright red light's, one big and one small moving northward (away from us) to us it looked like 2 planes following each other, it was kind of unusual/odd but we all passed them off as airplanes in the distance.   Not until we made our way to the parking lot did we hear my Mom's account of what she had just seen did we realize how unusual this really was!  This was not airplanes, helicopters or hot air balloons.  So it had to have been Alien Spacecrafts !!!!  I believe that these Alien's were curious about the area there because of the Lawton water tower and all of the giant outdoor round-shaped juice storage tanks at Welch's so they came down to check it all out.;42.1509;-85.8313
