At approximately 10:30 p.m. which ran to 11 03 which is the 2300 hour. Call was made to 911 Van Buren county dispatch to see if anyone;2019-11-22 23:03:00;20 minutes;At approximately 10:30 p.m. which ran to 11 03 which is the 2300 hour. Call was made to 911 Van Buren county dispatch to see if anyone else had noticed strange lights and occurrences within the atmosphere above the Van Buren county area towards the Lakeshore which occurred at about 5 to 8000 feet above sea level. Former military aviator with vast experience witness strange occurrencesand attempted to contact the FAA which was closed at 11 and the Kalamazoo international airport. The lights that were witnessed initially discovered by his spouse moving in an easterly direction coming from the West over the boundaries of Decatur township and Porter township in Lawton Michigan the lights that were seen where multiple in the sky as the sky was very clear and luminescent with multiple Stars however the lights that were seen we're altering and multi changing very fastwhat's led into the question the shape of the aircraft that were being witnessed it appeared that t! hey were cigar shaped at a distance long and cylindrical larger than an average aircraft without fixed wings there was one main light that was off in the distance that seemed to be stationary during the entire doing of this anomaly which added an ominous and unsettling feeling coming and going around it attempting to use cellular video cellular video the capture what was being witnessed in the sky this reporting individual made several attempts to adequately identify the unknown anomalies currently at the time of this writing the main lights in the distance that are alternating are still relevant and predominant the smaller lights in aircraft if that's what they can be called have been no longer visible as they were as they were. Upon retrieving a set of Minolta binoculars binoculars this writer adjusted this looking device to see clearly into the night sky upon doing so the first aircraft which was actually cylindrical in shape move quickly over the top of his location and! disappeared in the distance in a relatively short time withou! t any so und however a second aircraft came in the opposite direction a short time later and shook the home without really giving a sound the spouse of the writer was inside the home and clearly stated she heard something big come over the house. It is something that I have never seen in my lifetime very intrigued yet terrifying. Dogs in the distance can be heard barking continually yet when the call was placed to the 911 dispatch no other report has been given to them at that time as per the operator that took fielded the call. After hanging up immediately a call was made to the FAA but their office had been closed other than seeing the bright lights and as the aircraft or cylindrical object moved over the home which was obviously the size have a Navy destroyer or or frigate something that large was impossible to be explained as it went over...you could not hear the aircraft but you could feel the vibration of it almost as if it was a magnified presence which had some sort of cloaki! ng technology or you can see the framework the framework of The Craft and its lights clearly it looked as if it was interdimensional within itself and as it picked up speed it look to have deployed something really really wide coming out that could be only described as wing. The distance that you can see from this location is over 20 miles on a clear night the object disappeared within a matter of moments heading towards the Lakeshore beyond the coloma st.joe area... It is left this writer an experienced professional military man speechless and dumbfoundead having experienced many unique aircraft throughout a long military career nothing that I have seen could be described other than a flying massive grain silo. Which so difficult to describe the mechanics of looking inside of it as it went over the home it was utterly amazing. I'm refusing to go back outside to even look at it because I cannot believe it for myself and I witnessed it with my own eyes.;42.1509;-85.8313
