Green glowing fireballs in the woods near Bankson Lake in Lawton, MI;1997-06-15 00:30:00;I only observed for 5-10 ;Green glowing fireballs in the woods near Bankson Lake in Lawton, MI I thought I had entered a report to this website a couple of years ago.  I do not see my report, I guess I'll send again.  On two separate occasions when I was 16 years old, in the summer of 1997, I saw green glowing fireballs in the woods of Lawton, Michigan.  Something got me thinking about it again--every once in awhile when I wonder about it, I will do a search for fireballs ball lightning and swamp gas and the pictures and descriptions I find don't really describe what I saw.  I don't know what I saw.  I know it absolutely terrified me because I didn't know what it was, and it seemed to move with an intelligence, that is what really frightened me.  That it did not seem to be moving randomly or as something seen in nature, but like it was exploring and moving in a very deliberate way around the trees--up very high, down very low, close to our window, farther away.  Each time, there were 2+ balls, although I can't say exactly how many, because we were in a! cabin looking out the window and not getting a full vantage point.  Basically we were frozen in fear in our beds, watching out the window. The approximate size of the balls I would compare to an appliance like an average size washer or dryer or stove.  Even just writing about it and thinking about it makes me feel a little freaked out. I just did not get a good impression from these things.  Both times we saw it, it was sometime between midnight and 1 am, when we were staying up late talking with the lights out.  Both times we watched for awhile until we had the courage to jump up and turn the lights on (with the lights on you couldn't see out the window into the blackness).  Both times I checked the woods behind the cabin the next morning, and saw nothing but the most unremarkable leaves, trees, brambles...completely homogeneous, unremarkable woods for as far as you could see!!  This location was in the woods near Bankson Lake in Lawton, MI. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));42.1509;-85.8313
