The lights moved in reverse, forward, up and down.;2004-08-24 05:45:00;3 MINUTES;The lights moved in reverse, forward, up and down. On a Tuesday morning, August 24, 2004, at approximately 5:45 a.m. I was driving to work when I saw a light in the sky in the southern hemisphere. I had stopped my truck just a short distance before reaching the end of my road to adjust my seat since my son had used the truck the night before and had repositioned it for himself. This is when I first saw the light. I didn't think much of it since I see planes all the time. After adjusting my seat I continued driving a short distance (about 60 ft.) before reaching the stop sign where I'd turn left (east) to go to work. Once I stopped at the stop sign I noticed something unusual about the light...now there were about 8-10  lights real close together in a arch or 3/4 shaped shaped round pattern (there were lights inside the 'arch' too) . I thought this is weird. Then these lights went in reverse, forward, up and down and were blinking at an extremely rapid pace...or at least much faster than a plane light . The lights were blinking independent of one another..not all at the same time...each point of light about the size of a round pencil eraser and were about 30 degrees above the tree leval. They looked like they were close to the beach even though I couldn't tell for sure since a wooded area faced me. I thought Oh my God...what is this?!! Then they slowly drifted below the horizon. From my position there are woods facing me just across the road where I was stopped which extend southward for about a mile or less...beyond that are subdivisions. The beach/Gulf of Mexico is only about 6 minutes south of my home and I work about 3 minutes from home. The fire station is in between my house and work. I asked one of the firemen who comes regularly in the store where I work if he'd seen these lights. He just made fun of me and laughed about me seeing an u.f.o. Funny thing is I never said it was an u.f.o....I just said they were strange lights which moved in an erratic pattern.  Now here comes an even weirder part to this scene. I had a dream just before waking up that morning about visiting my Mom in the hospital. She has been deceased since 1996. I don't recall any conversation in the dream. however I remember feeling tired in the dream and decided to lay down on the lounge chair (in the dream) that extends out to form a mini 'bed'. I was laying on my side facing the wall when I felt a hand touch the back of head. Then the hand touched my upper back. Then I felt these hands and arms scoop under my body and lift me up VERY gently. I never felt any fear. What I felt was a VERY LOVING male presence caring for me. When he lifted me up it felt as though it was completely effortless...like there was no gravity beneath me...I guess like a floating sensation even though I could still feel these arms beneath my body. Then the dream ended. I woke up, dressed for work, got in my truck and WHAM...the lights appeared!!  Mrs. ((name and contact information deleted));30.3574;-89.1649
It was 4:25 a.m. on Wednesday 12/15/04 and I was preparing to set out for work. I had taken some water outside to de-ice my truck winds;2004-12-15 04:35:00;5 minutes;It was 4:25 a.m. on Wednesday 12/15/04 and I was preparing to set out for work. I had taken some water outside to de-ice my truck windshield and turn on the engine to allow it to become warm enough to use the heater. Having done so I went back in the house for a few minutes. Then I went back outside and was standing on my porch when I noticed some (?) clustered lights in the western hemisphere. I just figured it was a plane, however I stood there and watched these lights which appeared low on the horizon. After a couple of minutes they didn't seem to be getting closer, but neither did they appear to be getting further away. Then all of a sudden a single light (about half way between where I was located and where the other lights were)appeared and SHOT DOWN at an angle and then SHOT UP...IN A CHECKMARK FASHION. This particular light lasted only a few seconds. The clustered lights beyond this were still there. I was in shock...I have never seen this happen before! If it was a 'falling star' it certainly wouldn't have shot up again!! I was in awe and shock of what I just witnessed. After a couple moments I got in my truck and headed for work. Within less than 1 minute after leaving (I was heading east), a plane was approaching from behind me and to my north and this plane was flying east. I couldn't see how this could be the same clustered lights I had seen previously because of the distance it had been during the sighting and it didn't seem possible it could have approaced me that quick. Even if they are one and the same it doesn't explain the other single light which shot down and up in the checkmark fashion!!;30.3574;-89.1649
Satellites, drones or something else?;2017-01-20 05:45:00;Few minutes;Were they satellites, drones or something else?  This morning, around 5:45 a.m., when my son and I were standing in my driveway and we were about to get in my truck, so I could take him to work, he said Look.....there's a satellite .  I looked up and sure enough we could see a light above us that was about the size of Venus  It was moving slowly, but then it stopped nearly right above us.   Then I noticed another light moving, however much, much smaller and it stopped as well.  Then both began moving again.  We couldn't continue to watch them since he would have been late for work.  This isn't the first time some kind of object 'hovered' above my property.  The last time it was daylight and there was a witness standing beside me this time too.  The object was triangle in shape, the right and left side the same length and the bottom shorter than the 2 sides.  It also appeared to be somewhat transparent...kind of a silver / grey color.  I turned my eyes away fr! om it for a moment, and when I looked back up, it had disappeared.  I guess we had watched it for about 2-3 minutes.  Kind of makes you think someone is spying on you.;30.3574;-89.1649
A bright green light came from the east qnd went down in the west;2019-04-24 22:21:00;3 seconds;A bright green light came from the east qnd went down in the west;30.3574;-89.1649
