I was driving through this wildlife conservation area route 60 towards Fl's toll road, there was hardly anyone on the road, very eery, ;2000-04-08 01:30:00;5-10 minutes;I was driving through this wildlife conservation area route 60 towards Fl's toll road, there was hardly anyone on the road, very eery, the ground was covered in mist yet the sky was clear. About 10 minutes before the actual siting I was driving along & I approached an overpass, which I thought was strange being out in the middle of a wildlife conservation area but I passed under it, I saw the sides of the bridge, the sound of going under a bridge was there as well as the shadow that bridges cause, all these things were there, but after I passed under it I looked in my rearview window & there was no bridge at all, there was nothing there. I slowed my car & looked behind me to get a better look, but strangely enough, the bridge wasn't there, but I SWEAR it was there!  Well, I continued driving yet now more alert, out of the edge of the trees (Beach trees mind you, these were not as tall as normal trees) I saw a strange formation with bluish white lights just above the trees. I past it & slammed on my brakes & got out of my car to see what it was. I had to get out in the middle of the street to see it over the trees & there it was, nothing was holding it up, it just hovered there. It was just over the trees, it was very big & low to the ground, if I had been on the highest tree I think (assuming) that I would be able to touch it. The craft was a diamond shape, I drew it when I returned home. There was a big bluish light on the bottom of the craft that covered most of the underneath & along the sides/edges of thecraft were the same bluish white lights yet smaller. The light was very bright but it didn't hurt my eyes to look at it, it just illuminated the craft. I just stood there looking at it & b/t the lights was this scaffolding of metal, but the brightest most beautifully colored chrome silver I'd ever seen. It was really beautiful. There was no sound emitting from it, the night was silent. I just stood there watching it, hypnotized it seemed by it & then all of a sudden I was overcome with a fear/ terror that I had never before experienced in my entire life. I ran to my car, my heart was racing & I sped away. I kept feeling as if I should turn around & go back but that strange fear kept me from doing so.   About 5 miles down from that a van came racing up behind me, VERY fast & passed me continuing to speed away- my hunch is that they saw the same thing I did & got the heck away from there! *I do not take drugs of any kind & I was completely sober during this whole experience. That's why it impacted me so much, it happened exactly as I have related it here.* **Do you have any explanation or other sitings that were reported thatsame time, place, & night? Any information would GREATLY be appreciated!!! I'm sorry I just gave the full description above. I didn't know that this was here! The summary description is that I saw a diamond shaped craft illuminated with a bluish-white light & no sound came from it & nothing held it up. It was very big & low to the ground, about 13-14 feet above me off to the left of me, just over the trees.;27.6355276243094;-80.4172723756905
