Small saucer shape with bottom primary light source and rotation located outside of Andalusia, AL.;2009-03-20 03:30:00;5 minutes;Small saucer shape with bottom primary light source and rotation located outside of Andalusia, Al. Me and a friend were on our way back from spending the day in Florida.It was very late (3:30 am), and my friend was sleeping deeply.  I too was so tired that my eyes were getting to heavy to hold open.  I had the radio turned very loud and singing trying to stay awake.  I was only 15 minutes from home.  Driving through a community called Carolina just outside Andalusia I thought I saw lighting in the clouds but no signs of rain in the area.  I assumed it was just another scattered shower with flickering lighting.  No big deal. I drove on and there is a house on the left side of the road that had a bright blue light in the front yard.  I thought it was a bug lamp in a new color.  I was driving by so the blue light seemed to be moving and not connected to anything, but since I was moving in my car I just thought it was me and my eyes were playing games on me since I was so sleepy.  I keep driving when I noticed something else a little odd.  Above the tree tops was alot of flickering light. My thoughts were, What crazy contruction crew would be working at 3:30 in the morning.  It was bright and flickering continously.  Within a few seconds I realized that the lights were moving ajacent with me and then consider it to be a helicopter with a ultra bright light possibly looking for something (I assumed a drug force looking for possible drug related plants or vegetation.)  It was the most logical thing I could think of at the time.  I was more focused to get home til I realized I started to feel like I was being followed by this. Here is where I had a rude awakening..... I realize this helicopter is getting ahead of me due to it speeding up slightly, and I am slowing down alittle because I'm getting curious.  It was just out of my direct vision.  Then it came out from behind the trees over the road.  I could see a bright white light coming from the bottom and it is about the length of a football field ahead of me.  It still seems to be a helicopter........ til I saw it tip to the side with the bottom toward me.  That is when I realized this thing is not anything my logic can assume or suggest.  It was, in fact, a small round saucer shaped craft.  The most common form that is seen on tv.  I start hitting, pushing, and shaking my friend to get her up and she is waking up so slowing even though I am in a clear panic.  See,  this thing is over the road.  I driving toward this thing..... under this thing.  Behind me is a hour before any town.  Andalusia is ahead... 8 minutes away.  I'm going home. I never turned down the radio so I can't tell you if there was any sound coming from it.  I can tell you that I drove under this thing without blinking and it was very beautiful.  It had a primary light source on the bottom center of the craft, there were smaller lights around the sides and it rotated quickly causing the flickering.  I remember that the light felt unusual on my eyes and the brightness didn't seem to hurt my eyes.  At this time I'm in a full blown panic and floored my gas and drove going 70 to 75 mph home.  I did not want to go too fast I lost control of the car.  My friend never saw what I saw.  She does remember seeing the flickering light in the back windshield and always assumed it was an elabrate hoax I pulled. However, at the moment of my passing under the craft, there was a small orangy red car on the road heading in the opposite direction. I know this car saw it to, because it slowed way down and looked like they were debating going under it.  I don't know what happen to the craft or the car.  All that happened almost directly under the craft and I was under a panic and just could not believe what I just saw. I made it home.  I could not sleep despite my exhaustion.  My friend drove herself home still convinced I'm lieing.  The next afternoon, I told my husband about every detail and he believed me.  I am a believer in God and the Bible.  This seems to have no place in reality of a Christian faith.  So, my husband knows I would not make this up.  My reply to this whole experience:  Even the truth about God is against logic but not reasoning.  God has absolute knowledge and I believe it is not in us to understand things that we cannot relate to therefore we disregard it. I cannot disregard it since see is believeing, but I know we're are not alone.  I can't say that gives me peace.  Actually, I have alway loved traveling at night with no traffic.  Since the experience I don't travel past city limits at night. I would like to be able to talk to someone about this in a serious conversation and maybe have a better understanding of it all.  Please contact me through mail.  I don't give out my phone number.;31.3025414634147;-86.4913243902439
