Four bright stars form smiley face then quickly move away and disappear.;2014-10-22 05:45:00;10 minutes;Four bright stars form smiley face then quickly move away and disappear. UFO Sighting report – 10-22-2014, 5:30 AM in Andalusia Alabama. I got up early this morning and was standing outside enjoying the clear night sky. It was about 5:30 to 5:45. I was facing to the WNW and looking up at about 75 to 80 degrees. (almost straight up). I noticed that Orion was very prominent and that almost straight North or maybe NNW of Orion, I noticed what looked like a big smiley face in the sky with four stars in it. It made me smile. I thought to myself that it looked really cool and pondered why I had not noticed it before. I watched for maybe 15 to 20 seconds and then two of the stars (lights?) moved in exact opposite directions the one on the left went straight towards Orion and the second from the right headed what I’ll say is Northerly.  It seemed to be the exact opposite direction from the far left star.  I watched them moved for almost a minute.  The one on the right seemed to stop moving, the one on the left kept going and it seemed like maybe (since it was well far away by now and very dim) it had some sort of a tail.  The star on the right remained in the same position. I was watching it steadily.  Especially since the left one had moved and disappeared, I wanted to see what it would do.  After about 30 Seconds I noticed that it too was moving.  Only it was or seemed to be moving straight away and getting smaller and dimmer. It disappeared quickly. (10 Seconds?). Holy Cow! The only star left in the smiley face was the second from the left. It was also the brightest of the four original lights.  It seemed to be staying stationary.  I started wondering if there were other lights in the night sky moving around so I started to check out the rest of the sky. When I started watching the smiley face, there was a very very dim glow in the east from the sunrise.  So dim that if I was a rooster I would have waited a few more minutes to crow.  The sky was clear and all of the stars toward the west were still very bright. I looked all over the rest of the visible night sky and nothing caught my attention, so I looked back at the smiley face fourth star.  And it was completely GONE.  That’s it that’s all I know. IT would be nice to know what this was and if anyone else saw this.;31.3025414634147;-86.4913243902439
