My thoughts were it was a blimp or something like that but it looked too real to be a blimp.;1978-07-02 08:00:00;5 minutes;July 2 1978: The craft I witnessed was saucer shape and there were lights illuminating around the bottom.  It was very large and right above a drive-in movie, which was having a swap & shop where there were at least 100 people.   I was two blocks away in my front yard and watched with amazement.  I ran up the block and watched the craft as long as I could until it finally went out of site.  I asked people at the swap & shop if they had seen the saucer and no one had seen anything.  I couldn't understand why or how this could be, because it was about as big as the drive in itself.   The saucer was hovering over the drive-in for five minutes or so then moved on west slowly.  My thoughts were it was a blimp or something like that but it looked too real to be a blimp.   It was very real and I seem to be the only one who saw it.  Now that is strange.  But true!;39.0038863112378;-94.7085401657068
My mother and I saw a disk shaped object rise above the horizon, east of 78th street on I-70. Object then turned into a bluish white li;1998-09-06 21:20:00;1 minute;My mother and I saw a disk shaped object rise above the horizon, east of 78th street on I-70. Object then turned into a bluish white light and rapidly ascended straight up until it disappeared. My mother and I were travelling east on I-70 highway from the 78th street exit, when at approximately 21:20 hours we observed a disk shaped object, very dark in color almost matching the night sky, slowly rise above the horizon directly in front of us. The object appeared to be about 1 mile from our location and 1,000ft. above the ground. It was the size of a small airplane. All of a sudden, there was a flash of light, and the object glowed a bluish white. At that point it rapidly ascended straight up until it disappeared. The entire event happened in about a minute.;39.0038863112378;-94.7085401657068
Possible abduction, witnessed several hovering discs from the ground.;2011-05-20 01:30:00;?;Possible abduction, witnessed several hovering discs from the ground   The night this happened, my husband and I were up pretty late watching a movie. It ended about 1:30 AM, and I went up to bed. My husband was crashed out in the basement, so I decided to leave him there. I climbed into my bed next to my daughter (who frequently sneaks out of her bed to sleep with me). I must have been exhausted and just crashed, which is odd for me, because it usually takes several minutes to get to sleep, even when it's late. The next morning, I woke up extremely dehydrated and recalled a very startling and vivid “dream” of being around aliens and UFOs. This was so startling, and unlike any other dream that I’ve ever had, so I decided to explore other options, such as an actual abduction. I’ve heard of the UFO/alien phenomena, but had never given it much consideration till this event. I don't recall being beamed up but I clearly remember being taken somehow to a place with a lot of hallways. Then I remember feeling like I was being instructed to urinate in a long and wide tube with strange markings on the side. I think the markings indicated measurements or something. The last thing I remember was being on the ground, outside, in what looked like a vacant/abandoned parking lot. I remember the concrete had lots of cracks in it like it was old and worn. There were evergreen trees surrounding this place. There were other people standing around me with cages of small animals, like house cats, birds, dogs, etc. I got the feeling like these people around me were going to release them. I remember feeling like it was approaching morning, but it was still dark outside. I looked up in the sky and noticed several (at least four) UFO craft very near above the ground of this parking lot, just hovering. There were three red lights coming from the bottom of them that ! blurred or blinked till they became one light beam. It's very hard to explain. These craft were larger than I’d have expected for what you see on television. I guess I’d always pictured them being the size of a small bus, but these were the size of a large home. I don’t remember ever being inside of the craft, but being inside of a building or structure near this lot. The other people there, like me, weren't completely in reality. It was like we were in a trance. I remember standing in this lot, looking up, and seeing one UFO fly high, stop, fly a little bit to the left, stop, fly higher, stop, and then flew off and vanished. So, after looking up at these UFOs from the ground, I remember it all of a sudden clicking (like a switch had been turned on) that this wasn't normal... And I remember taking off running as fast as I could. I had just snapped back to reality. As soon as I started to run, I recall the others, which I assumed had also been taken, almost clicking too and ! scattering in all directions. The last thing I recall is some ! kind of luminescent beam of sorts encasing me as I ran. I woke up very dehydrated, a bit weak, and still tired, but I remembered this almost like it had really happened. After that night, I had a minor sore throat and occasional minor pains in my abdomen. This lasted about two weeks, off and on. Ordinarily, I would have chalked this up to just being a dream or my subconscious manifesting my fears in an odd way, but the next day, my daughter said something extremely startling to me...Mommy, who were those boys that came and took you when you were sleeping? I questioned her a little, but I didn't want to push it with her, so I sort of left it be. She didn't seem particularly worried or concerned about it, just curious. (She was just shy of 4 years old at the time.) I’ve since asked her about it off and on, and she doesn’t appear to recall much more than she already said. Since then, I’ve started to attend MUFON meetings and I joined a group for experiencers and have been speaking with the leader, who is also a regression therapist. I haven’t shared this with anybody outside of this small group about this experience. I’m pretty sure my peers, family, and friends would think I’m crazy, so I would like to keep this somewhat anonymous. Upon reflection of this event, I started to piece together a few of my memories from childhood, and start questioning them more. For example, I remember a period of missing time when I was about 12 years old, where there were several hours unaccounted for. I had never even thought to question the “missing time” or even heard that phrase till after this last event occurred. If any of this seems relevant, please feel free to contact me, but I would appreciate my name being withheld from any public report.;39.0038863112378;-94.7085401657068
3 UFOs in clouds, chasing each other.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible advertising lights?  PD));2014-11-10 18:35:00;15 minutes;3 UFOs in clouds, chasing each other. 3 UFOs I spotted from my window.  Circling quickly like they were chasing each other in perfect alignment at fast speeds in a tight circle.  They were just above the clouds but could still see the shape.  Round objects with what seemed to be a second level on top.  They then darted away and returned with the same chase pattern. Repeated this over and over and then would suddenly chase in reverse direction.  This continued for 15 minutes. I never saw them return. I do not know the color as they were covered by the clouds.  Could only decipher the shape. I know they were flying faster than a plane and no plane or helicopter could have made such tight quick turns, nor could they reverse directions so quickly. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible advertising lights?  PD));39.0038863112378;-94.7085401657068
Silent vibrating disc flashes, and disappears.;2016-06-23 13:16:00;8-10 seconds;silent vibrating disc flashes and dissappears Thursday June 23, 116pm – Kansas City, KS.  I was driving to a Drs apt and I was headed west on Ruby Av from 14th st. after a stop sign at 14th & Ruby. In the sky, directly west, was a shiny white disc-shaped craft floating slowly from south to north. It had no lights of any color, and it looked as though it was vibrating at times (briefly). I slowed to watch the object, and had it in my sight for about 8 to ten seconds, then I went under an overpass, and I emerged just in time to see it flash very  brightly two times and vanish.  The object made NO sound. There were several other vehicles and pedestrians in the area, even a car in about 25ft ahead of me driving with 2 passengers, but no one else seemed to be reacting as if they saw it. It wasn’t very high in the sky: lower than most planes fly.  My heart was POUNDING! – I looked for other people’s reactions, but I don’t think anyone else saw it. Great experience, though.;39.0038863112378;-94.7085401657068
