Disintegrating object.;1995-10-01 17:00:00;less than 5 minutes;Disintegrating object. I was driving on a main thoroughfare in my city one sunny sunday in October of 1995. In the eastern sky I notced a metallic saucer shaped object travelling towards the north at a fairly high rate of speed.Being inside my automobile and on a busy street, I have no idea if the craft could be heard or not. It did not appear to be close enough to the ground to hear any sound anyway.I was amazed at this scenario as I am absolutely certain it was no conventional aircraft of any kind. I immediately began to honk my horn and even rolled my window down in an effort to garner another witness to this phenomena. Despite the volume of traffic on that busy thoroughfare(13th Street), I was unable to attract anyones attention. To this day, I find that circumstance very peculiar to say the least. I continued driving and abruptly pulled into the nearest parking lot so as to watch further. By this time the object had disappeared behind some trees only to reappear as two having split in half.There also appeared to be what seemed to resemble smoke trails behind each component.  They also looked to have been closer to the horizon, but I cannot be certain of that fact due to the possiblity of them being much farther away than they appeared. (due to the curvature of the earth). They simply disappeared below the horizon. I find it very difficult to believe that I was the only witness to this, nevertheless, I have been unable to locate any other witness(es). I do not consider myself a UFO enthusiast on any level. I have had 4 sightings in my lifetime, this was by far the most intriguing of them all. I do not read on the subject with the exception of the Gulf Breeze Sightings back in 1992. I did however report this to a guest on the Art Bell show a number of years ago (perhaps 2 or 3) and he replied that it was probably a meteor. I am certain this was no meteor. I am an amateur astronomer and have seen many meteors. Aside from that fact, again, this was in a bright, cloudless, sunny sky. I never really made the effort to report it to anyone else after this experience. In fact, I reported it then as I am doing so now only after the happenstance of venturing onto an interested party of which I never really sought out. The first reporting occurred after I had listened to an ArtBell show during one of my many bouts of insomnia. This time I ventured onto your website link from the CoastToCoast website. As far as my background is concerned, I am a college degreed individual, seriously and sober minded, and not given to hyperbole or fantasy. My exposure to any occult activities have been passive only as I have never practiced any form of occultism, but I have read somewhat concerning the various phenomena within this realm. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of event is approximate.  PD));38.4413413173653;-82.6886293413175
we saw a light, then 20 or 30, mother saw aleans supposedly, and we woke up 30 minutes later in a different place on the road.;2003-07-12 22:00:00;30 minutes;we saw a light, then 20 or 30, mother saw aleans supposedly, and we woke up 30 minutes later in a different place on the road. me and my mother were driving down the road on the way to our house and we saw something. it appeared to be a star, but it was moving. we assumed that it was a plane or something of that sort but then it started moving faster. it zoomed at an unbelievable speed back and forth between two stars. then it stopped as if it had spotted us. the car stopped. i dont know why. the craft vanished. we knew it was still there however, hovering, watching. it wasnt a visual thing, more of a feeling. we were right about the feeling. it reappeared closer. im not sure how close, but we could distinctly tell that it wasnt of this planet. we saw more, im not sure how many. at least 20 or 30 of them zooming across the sky. they all stopped at the same star this one did. i find it remarkable that the crafts could go at such speeds and stop on a dime it seemed. they vanished and we saw a bright flash. there was no sound during any of this. i passed out but my mother watched in horror. she says that after i fainted, the light got bigger and brighter. amidst the light she claims to have seen dark figures and strange instruments that they carried. when i woke up, the car was on the side of the road about 20 ft and what seemed like days was only about half an hour. my mother was passed out outside of the car. she was unharmed, only with one scar on the back of her neck to remember this. she has convinced herself that the mark is from the back of the car door as she fell out of the car. every night since then we see strange things at night. almost always dashing lights all over the sky.;38.4413413173653;-82.6886293413175
