Jan 17/2008 7:40 PM EFFINGHAM, NH.  2 crafts clearly hovered over my back yard for 10 min. DO THE RIGHT THING. Report what u saw.;2008-01-17 18:40:00;15 minutes;Jan 17/2008 7:40 PM EFFINGHAM, NH.  2 crafts clearly hovered over my back yard for 10 min. DO THE RIGHT THING. Report what u saw. Still trying to wrap my brain around this, but here goes:   Firstly, I live in a beautiful location, facing the mountains.  Friend of mine was respecting my rule to open kitchen window to smoke and blow it out, when she started screaming for me to come immediately. It took me all of 2 seconds to reach that window. What we saw was mind blowing. The sky was completely illuminated. You could literally see the tops of all of the trees as well as 3 layers of colors above them.  One  layer  was baby blue, another  was gray , third was almost white. (truthfully can’t report in which order…..sorry) The big or little dipper (not sure) was clearly illuminated in the sky to our left as well as tons of other stars we had been unable to see earlier due to the oncoming storm. We could not take our eyes off these bright objects!  The large one, was over the little one and had a red lights underneath it. It appeared to be in the shape of an octagon, but it kept darting so quickly that I can’t swear to that. The large shape kept hovering and darting all around the little light and then it just took off, like lightening! It was so quick that I could have sworn I saw a stream behind it, but it could have been my eyes adjusting to that incredibly quick exit. I don’t know. I do know that the little light kept shining and moved sporadically and much slower than the big one. I then brought my 5 year old to the window and asked him what he thought. (He was not privie to anything we had just experienced.) His retort was “Mommy, It looks like an eye and I don’t like it looking at me, can I go back and do my lessons on the computer now? “  I , unlike my pal am exhilarated. She is on the other hand, terrified. Go figure. Who the hell is gonna believe either one of us, eh? Here is the testimony of my terrified friend in her words  I was smoking out the window when I saw this bright light in the trees out back. It kept going up and down gradually. Next thing I knew it was on top of the tree tops again. I saw an octagon shape at that point. It started going up and down through the trees and that’s when I started paying more attention, When the lights started going up and down faster I admit I freaked and shouted to my friend to come and see this for yourself girl. That’s when I saw the octagon shape with lots of white, green and red lights. We both stared in disbelief. We knew at that moment that we were bonded for life, cause no-one would ever believe what we saw with our own eyes tonight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));43.6993;-70.9884
