Multiple lights and saucer at Missouri and Arkansas border.;2011-11-11 23:15:00;30 - 60 seconds;Multiple lights and saucer at Missouri and Arkansas border. On Friday, November 11th, 2011, I was traveling south on I-55 from St. Louis, MO, to Galveston, TX. At 11:15 PM, as I was near the border of Missouri and Arkansas, I happened to notice how clear the sky was from my windshield.  I was attracted to the sky mostly due to the number of stars that were so visible. I turned to my driver side window to get a better look and immediately saw three bright lights that looked like large stars in a V formation.  It was clear right away that they were moving in my direction and that they were in our skies as opposed to out in space with the rest of the stars. I’ve seen many planes, helicopters and blimps in the sky and could easily tell that this was not what I was seeing.  There were no blinking lights on these objects they were just balls of light.  There was kind of an excitement as I thought I may be looking at UFO’s. I had to break my concentration from what I was seeing so that I could watch the highway for a few seconds. The break in concentration was enough to bring me back to reality and I thought that when I looked back I would recognize that they were just airplanes.  When I went back for my next look they were closer and I started to notice other really small lights in a cluster around the original three balls of light. When I noticed how many lights were actually in the sky I thought that I had to be seeing traffic from an airport.  With this in mind I noticed that none of the lights were landing or taking off.  They were all still moving in my direction as if they were going to cross over the highway.  They were coming from the East and moving West as I was traveling South on the highway. About this time, I thought I have to get a picture of this.  I started rolling my driver side window down, steered with my knee and was switching my cell phone to camera with my right hand.  I pointed the phone in the direction of the lights, checked the screen and then snapped a picture.  I didn’t really expect to catch anything, but I checked anyway and noticed I caught three lights. Now, the lights were pretty far over my left shoulder and it was hard to watch them as I was driving.  I started to roll my window up and saw a helicopter flying low to the ground, parallel to the highway, and in the direction of the lights.  I tried to catch the lights in my rear view mirror, but was unable to find them. At this point I was pretty excited and decided to send the picture to a friend and post it to Facebook.  The next couple of hundred miles I was overwhelmed with thoughts and questions and it was all I could think about.  I stopped for the night in Little Rock and immediately opened the picture on my computer so that I could zoom in on it. I was shocked to find a triangle shape made of lights, a green glowing disc, and another light that was cut off because it was out of the frame.  After really examining the green object I noticed that it was reflecting light from above rather than glowing.  You can really see this because the structure of the object is casting shadows.  There are bumps that stick out on the edges and there is a dome exactly centered. I guess I caught the object as well of a trace of the object because of my shutter speed.  I don’t know much about photography so I’m not sure what would cause the object and trace to appear the way they do. I’d guess it would have something to do with the motion or speed that the object was moving.  I didn’t actually see the green object with my own eyes I only saw different size and colors balls of light. After checking out the image, I Googled Memphis UFO to see if anyone else had seen the same thing.  It didn’t take long before I found MUFON.  I emailed my picture to the director I had no idea what else to do with it at the time. Since I’ve had this sighting it’s become a huge part of my life.  The last two months I’ve been obsessed with UFO’s and have watched every documentary, searched the internet, and spent countless hours staring into the sky.  I’ve met other people (young and old) who have witnessed similar things and noticed that it became a major part of their lives as well. I know that we cannot add contact information into the report, but I would love to speak with anyone who has seen something like this.  I’m not sure if there is a way for you to contact me, but if so please do.;35.7017;-89.9887
