I can witness to the actual size of a craft;1976-06-15 22:00:00;10 sec.ish;I can witness to the actual size of a craft I am 36 now, but when I was about 10 years old I saw a disk shaped craft glide between my home and my neighbors home, it was under the roof lines of our homes, and it was in a school zone area close to the inner city so our homes were very close together (I can't remember the address, but the street was Ulysses Ave, or maybe St., the elementry school was a block away, and it was/is called Arrora Elem., and it is on the left hand side of the road from our house, our house was in the bend of the road from there)  My room was on the second floor, and the craft was directly left from my window.  My window was facing my back yard, and the craft glided between my home and my neighbors home which was to my left (so if my house was facing north, the craft was gliding south to north -- I never knew the exact direction my house was facing). I remember thinking that something unusual was happening, and I felt as if something was coming.  Then I heard a whorreling sound, and I pictured (in my mind) my father swinging a long thick metal chain, about 20 feet of chain swinging around and around, then I thought of a hellicopter.  I then felt paralized, not out of fear, but something else -- but it wasn't alarming.  I then realized that this sound couldn't possibly be made by my father or a hellicopter.  It would have had to be so big, and spinning so fast that no one could make this sound with a chain.  I was surprised that it didn't wake anyone else. I was then scared, and wanted to stay very still because I knew that this was something that I have never experienced before.  Then I was sweating and couldn't move or speak.  The whorreling sound got louder and louder to the point where I was so scared that all I could do was wished dearly for the sound to stop. Suddenly, the sound stopped to nothing, and I became curious.  I was then able to get up and investigate what I had heard, but at the same time I knew that if I looked out my window that I would see what was there. And I saw it, I only saw about 3/4 of it.  It was a flat disk, like a freesbe, but had a definit point at it circumfrence an gradually raised to a top that was circular too, that center was about 1/4 of the craft.  It was a very dark shiny pewter color.  I remember circular lines like a music record from the rim to the center.  It had lights around the outside of its rim.  I remember thinking that it reminded my of Chirstmas tree lights.  I can't tell you the colors to be exact, but all I can say is that I saw every color in dots around the circomfrence of the disk -- colors that I would see in Christmas lights.  For example, I am sure I saw blue, green, red, and white, but I can't picture that in my mind.  I can't picture those colors in my mind today, as I did the moment after it was gone. It hovered, actually it hovered and glided with out a noise, it was perfectly silent as it slowly passed in between and under both of our roof lines, between our homes, and towards the front of our houses.  I watched it in a noiseless controled motion hovering, but moving in a steady pace, pass between my home and our neighbor's home.  I was at complete amazement, and awe until it past from my sight.  I also remember thinking that this is something that was special and real to the point where I should say something about it. Then I layed back down, as I was suppose to be sleeping.  I remember thinking that I was looking at something that wasn't anything I'd ever seen, and thinking that I had just seen something that no one on earth could possibly have created. I then jumped up again with a start because I realized that I could run to the front of the house to see this again.  I hadn't seen the whole thing, and I was so curious.  But, there was also a weird feeling that made me feel as though it was gone before I could have gotten there to see it.  I still can't put that feeling in words, but it was just like when I knew something was coming and didn't get up to see what was coming and making that noise, but this time it was gone.  I still kick myself for that today. I told myself that I would never speak of this because, no one whould believe me, and it was too strange. A few years latter, I realized that I knew how big this craft was, or how big it wasn't because it passed between our homes.  My experience was small compaired to the things I've seen and heard, but my story has a size that I haven't seen, heard or read before, and I could share that. I've been wanting to share this for some time now.  I still can't explain it, and I am very curious.  I am also curious because after that when our dog had puppies, we found that all the water that pooled up in our fenced back yard was toxic somehow, and the puppies drank that water died.  I don't remember how the adults figured it out, but I remember thinking a few years later that it was because of what passed through our yard and between my neighbor's and our home that polluted that water, could be a coincidence -- I don't know. Another strange thing is that I feel that somehow I brought them here with my thoughts.  I can't recreate this, as I have tried out of curiosity. But, whatever it was, and however it came, is a mystery that is always there. I've watched every show on this I could, and have read every book I can too.  There is just too much garbage to weed through, and I don't have the patience to keep up with it anymore, and haven't for years. I want to know what it was, and if that strange time in-between have anything to do with what we (my sister's) are going through now. I'd appreciate your contacting me if you have any information that will clear this up, or as I'm sure you can't, maybe let me know that I am not alone in this. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date in 1976 so that the report sorts to that date.  PD));34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
((NUFORC Note:  Witness reports observing a circle.  PD));2001-06-28 03:00:00;15-20 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Witness reports observing a circle.  We post this report because of a similar report from Mission Viejo, CA, for the same time period.  Reports may be from the same parties, or may be related in some manner.  We will try to resolve this question.  PD));34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
Small red globes going to and from a satellite to the earth. Satellite has since has disappeared.;2003-01-15 03:00:00;3 days;Small red globes going to and from a satellite to the earth. Satellite has since has disappeared. About 3:00AM I couldn’t sleep and was looking out the window.  I noticed a distant bright star in the sky I assumed was a satellite.  Suddenly I could see about a dozen small red globes of light appear to leave the satellite and head toward the earth.  It looked like something from a video game.  This startled me so my attention was fixed on the object.  As I watched I observed multiple red globes of light going to and from the satellite toward the earth and back.  Watching this phenomenon for period of a couple of hours I confirmed this was indeed a stationary object and therefore a satellite.  In spite of the red globes I was tired and dismissed the object and went to sleep. The next night it appeared again and the same red globes went to and from the object as before.  I woke my wife up to make sure I wasn’t crazy and she watched the red globes going to and from the object toward the earth.  We were both amazed. On the third night I watched this object again and the red globes traveling to and fro.  On the forth night the object was gone and never reappeared.  That’s when I wasn’t so sure what I observed was ordinary because stationary satellites always remain in the same place. The direction was in the North Eastern sky.  It could be a military experiment or some other perfectly explainable occurrence.  I don’t know what I observed so I felt it was worth reporting to your database. I did roll video but nothing appeared likely because my camera was a very old model and had no night capability.  I still have the 8mm tape of the attempt somewhere in my drawer.   I am an extremely skeptical person but this experience certainly has provoked some second thoughts. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
red and orangish object which hovered in the sky and eventually went upward, dropping an object and disappearing;2006-07-06 00:00:00;12 minutes;red and orangish object which hovered in the sky and eventually went upward, dropping an object and disappearing I was driving south on Royal Ave, passing First St., when overhead was a red and orange craft. It was somewhat bright and hovering. The moment I saw it, I knew it was not a plane, helicoptet, star, or anything of familiarity. I parked to look closer and it was  moving very oddly and traveling toward Moorpark. I called my sister and drove back toward my parent's house where she was at the top of First St. This is where my sister, her friend and I saw the object travel further away, upward. It sat and looked like a star for awhile, but occasionally hovered from side to side. Then, the object dropped something!Whatever it dropped was a white light. We waited for an explosion or something but nothing happened. Then the object disappeared, came back, and then disappeared completely. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
5/23/08 circular orange fire ball object went from 1 to 2 objects and droped embers;2008-05-23 23:00:00;10-15minutes;5/23/08 circular orange fire ball object went from 1 to 2 objects and droped embers Hello,    My name is Sondra...I have lived in Simi Valley for 17 years.  I am writing to ask, did anyone report or comment on, seeing anything unusual, in the sky, Friday night (5/23), around 11:00pm?  My husband and I witnessed a bright orange circular object, at first hovering then traveling toward us, from the south skies over Simi. While watching we both noticed the object released a smaller light (maybe ambers) that dropped toward the earth, into the hills to the South of Simi. Of course it could have been further away. Then the object came toward us, closer, becoming larger the closer it got. When it seemed to be over LA Ave, it suddenly turned West and picked up speed. It did not pulse, it did not change color but it did become what looked like two round lights. I thought it might be a fireball, or comet but my husband said it looked like two perfectly round lights, like headlights of a car, only in the sky and orange.  We have a pair of very strong binoculars and could see this object close up. All we could see were the lights.  Two of them staying proportionally together during the entire event. My question is, did anyone else, that you know of, report seeing this?  This event lasted 10-15 minutes.  Surely someone else had to of seen this!;34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
bright powder blue puck shaped disk flying in circles near reagan pres library, 50 to 75 ft long, 1 mile away;2009-11-20 16:00:00;2 min;Bright powder blue puck shaped disk flying in circles near reagan pres library, 50 to 75 ft long, 1 mile away It was 5pm and like usual I was making dinner for my daughter and myself.  My daughter is 7 years old and was playing in the back yard.  I had just plugged in the deep fryer and had my back to her when she called to me to look. I turned around and saw it immediately.  You couldn’t miss it.  The sun was setting behind the mountains between my house and the Reagan Presidential Library and the sky around the mountaintops was a beautiful orange glow. The craft was a bright glowing beautiful light blue exactly the color of the inside of a flame from a lighter.  Not the red part of the flame, but the inner blue part of a lighter flame.  It was shaped like a hockey puck.  It was flying less than 100 feet above the ground and was going around in circles over the mountain slopes.  I saw it from the side from my backyard about 6000 feet or1 mile away, so from that perspective, it looked flat just like a hockey puck. I gauged the size of the craft, from 50-75 ft. in diameter, based on a large white water storage tank that sits on one of the hills it was flying over.  It flew silently in circles over these hills and since I saw it from the side, it was banking from side to side as it reached the outer extent of its circular flight, like a skateboarder in a pool. My first thought was how beautiful it was and how gracefully it traversed the sky.  Then it appeared to come closer to me and I got a little nervous.  Next it went back to the mountain and ducked out of sight.  My daughter said, Look, Daddy, it’s gone.  I told her it would be right back and sure enough it came back from around the other side of the mountain like it had flown all the way around the mountain. All I could think is, I WANT ONE!!!  Later, 2 huge helicopters were searching the hills with spot lights looking for something. I still look, but haven’s seen it again. Please let me know if anyone else saw it or captured of film.  Thanks. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
Blue, green light emittting object seen moving erratically over Simi Valley, Ca.;2013-07-05 22:30:00;20 minutes;Blue, green light emittting object seen moving erratically over Simi Valley, Ca. Object in sky north of 118 Freeway Simi Valley Ca. moved erratically, appeared to spin, hover then move rapidly up down, left and right. Bright green then blue light coming from object.  After about 20 minutes the object dropped below eye level in the mountains.;34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
Low flying, hovering, red pulsating light.;2014-03-07 02:30:00;30+ min;Low flying, hovering, red pulsating light. At approximately 2:30am, I had just finished feeding my baby when I realized my cat had not come in yet.  I opened the sliding glass door to my upstairs bedroom and went outside to call for him.   I looked up and saw a bright red pulsating/blinking light hovering relatively low.   At first (and possibly still) I believed it was a helicopter.  I heard no noise though!  It was close enough that I should have heard SOMETHING.  My husband is a police officer and was working at the time.  I immediately called him to make sure everything was alright, why was there a helicopter hovering in the middle of the night?  He knew nothing about it.  He did ask me how many glasses of wine I had (zero).  He told me he would come to the house and check it out, but never did.  After I hung up with him, I woke up my 11 year old son who happens to be on a UFO kick right now.  We looked at it together for a few minutes and then went back to bed (both in my bed this time because he was scared).   I got up a little while later to look out the window and it had moved significantly farther away.  I looked again a little later after that and it was gone.  I have cell phone video of the object.  My husband suggested that it was possibly a helicopter doing surevelance, but really?  With a glowing red light on?  The only light was the red one.  No white, no blue, no green.   When the red light pulsates off, it was black.;34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
