A silver metallic object streaked across the sky in a northeast direction. It suddenly slowed to a complete stop before going straight ;1996-12-13 15:20:00;4 min;SUMMARY:  A silver metallic object streaked across the sky in a northeast direction. It suddenly slowed to a complete stop before going straight up and performing zig zag maneuvers. It then shot off in the NE direction.  Within 45 minutes we observed 2 fighter jets flying in tight wing formation going in the same direction as the UFO. The ufo appeared to be a slightly flattened egg shape. It was a clear cloudless day, with only con trails from the airplanes in the sky. Sunlight glinted off the top and the bottom.  The object was heading toward was the Malibu, CA area.  The area where we were observing is comprised of hills and agricultral zones.  Because of the cooler temperature, all planes in the sky were leaving con trails, however the ufo did not.  I am unable to estimate how high, or how big the object was, although it did not appear to be all that high, or all that large.  The hill directly beneath the object when it stopped had sheep grazing at the time.  The speed the object moved was amazing, as were the complicated maneuvers it performed.  Approximately 45 minutes later we observed 2 fighter jets flying in close tight wing formation and heading in the direction the ufo had taken.  One of the gentlemen with me if familar with planes and fighter jets as his father was a lifer in the Air Force, and!he spent nearly all of his growing up years on AF bases.  One other interesting point, the ufo was going in the direction of Rockadyne, a company facility that builds and tests rocket engines. That is all I can think of at the moment.  I am a scheduler/ dispatcher for a technical service and support department.  My educational back ground is 2 years of college, and working in the Customer Service and Support field for 23 years.  I am interested in ufology, although I am not involved with any ufo groups.  There were 2 men beside myself who saw the ufo.  They are both in the sales field for our company, and other than the gentlemen with the AF background, I am not sure of the complete back ground of the men.;34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
