Bright glowing white lights in Simi Valley coming from Santa Susana Mountains and then going over 188 Freeway;2006-08-18 20:15:00;5 minutes;Bright glowing white lights in Simi Valley coming from Santa Susana Mountains and then going over 188 Freeway We were driving east along the 118 Freeway, and to our right were the Santa Susana Mountains where Rockedyne is also located. I was the passengers seat and felt the need to scan the mountain tops with my eyes. All of a sudden i saw a bright light and told the driver to look at it. H elooked and said, yeah its bright, its probably the top of a tower. As we kept driving towards the mountains I kept watching it and it was getting closer and brighter. As it got closer I could see two balls of light side by side. Then it began coming closer till it was right above us. I opened the sun roof and we pulled the car over to the side of the freeway so we could stop and watch it. It was directly over head and it was in a triangle shape. There were two white balls of light in front, and behind those two but alittle closer together were two slightly smaller balls of light. It was still quite light outside, and despite the size of these balls of light, i could see no craft that would be connecting the lights. And in the middle of all thses lights was a signel blinking light.We watched in awe as it moved out of sight. I live in LA near two major airports and this is nothign like i have ever seen. The only colors were white, no red blinking lights like what are normally on aircrafts.This aircraft moved very quick, but it seemed to slow down above our car like it knew we were watching.;34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
Ridiculously fast flying vehicle spotted over Simi Valley Tue. March 13, 2007;2007-03-13 19:40:00;1- 2 min;Ridiculously fast flying vehicle spotted over Simi Valley Tue. March 13, 2007 My daughter and I were driving home at approximately 7:40 PM (PST) on Tuesday, March 13, 2007 in Simi Valley California when I caught something blue out of the corner of my eye. It was airborne and flying at a very high rate of speed. I looked to my left just as my daughter, who was sitting in the passenger’s seat, did.  I saw two blue lights flying side by side. It looked as if there were two vehicles flying side by side at extremely high speeds, one slightly above the other. As the vehicle approached, and was in front of us, there appeared to be only one, not two. The vehicle flew very low, low enough for us to make out certain details, but not low enough to skim roof tops or anything of that nature.  The only way I can find to describe this vehicle sounds rather silly. It looked like a snowboard. It was rectangular with slightly rounded corners. There was a blue light on each end and the bottom was illuminated white, although no white lights were actually visible. It was bigger than a plane that seats two but smaller than a large passenger jet.  The vehicle itself was platinum colored, very shiny. There were no windows visible. It looked very thin in reference to cockpit height. I don’t know where someone would have been sitting? Maybe reclined a bit?  My 10 year old daughter was frightened and asked me Mommy, what is that?  I simply responded, I have no idea honey, as I could think of nothing to relate this vehicle to. It had no wings and made no sound. It flew like nothing I’d seen before. I am not aware of any vehicle that our military possesses that could possibly fly as fast as this was flying.  My daughter and I were evidently not the only people in awe of this sight as there were people driving in the same direction down the same side street that I was, 3 other vehicles, and we all stopped! I never even looked in my rear view mirror. There were people out walking the weather was beautiful and very warm that evening, as well as watering lawns and they were all stopped and pointing up.  I was approximately 3 blocks from my home, short neighborhood blocks, not city blocks. I looked away for a second when I realized that I was literally stopped in the middle of the street. Every other car was stopped as well, including a black vehicle that was stopped dead center in a crossing of two streets. It was surreal, like something you’d picture in a movie and as I sat there, I kept trying to make sense of what I was seeing.  As soon as I got my bearings, I realized that I had been holding my cell because a few seconds before I saw the lights, I heard it ring the voicemail tone. I hit the speed dial for my husband. I kept saying, “go outside, go outside and look up!” He was totally confused and was asking in which direction? I told him to “look east toward Santa Susana Pass because there is something flying in that direction that is unbelievable!” He wasn’t fast enough he only saw the two lights far, far in the distance.  My daughter and I had been driving North on the side street and had to make a right turn on our street, going east toward my home. As I reached the intersection of my home street and the street I’d been traveling on, I could still see the vehicle in the distance. Again, it looked as though it were two and not one, with one light slightly above the other, side by side. I looked away to the left before making the right hand turn and when I looked back up, it was gone.  When the vehicle was in front of us you could clearly see that it was traveling end to end, but when it was coming toward us and passing us, it appeared as though it was flying side to side. My daughter still insists that it was two, they came together (she uses her hands to describe this), and when they passed, they split apart. I tend to think that it has something to do with the angle it was flying at that makes it appear as though it was two, an optical illusion I guess.  I had assumed that there would be many reports of this as I was on a tiny side street and there had to be at least 12 probably more like 15 people on that street alone! It was flying the length of the Valley I can’t imagine how many other people saw it, but it had to be a large number.  It wasn’t 100% dark, it was clear and there was no way you could miss this thing as low as it was flying, unless you happened to be looking down. Unfortunately my older daughter and her friend were out on the drive way of our next door neighbor’s house, drawing on the ground with chalk, and missed the whole thing! My older daughter kept saying “But we didn’t hear anything!”  I don’t know what it was, but it was ridiculously fast, silent and wingless. It flew in a straight line and the lights on the bottom were constant, no blinking etc. It doesn’t appear that anyone reported it, or if they did, I haven’t read anything about it. They probably feel much the same as I do. You don’t want people to think you’re crazy and you don’t want to be audited every year for the rest of your life for asking the government what it was! lol  I’m posting this to try and get a reasonable explanation to help my little one sleep better at night. Like I said, she was frightened, I on the other hand thought it was amazing but was not in fear at all more in awe.;34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
