A brightly lit reddish round object in western sky on March 13Th at 3:05 am.;2008-03-13 03:05:00;3 min;A brightly lit reddish round object in western sky on March 13Th at 3:05 am.  It caught my attention at approx. 3:05 am in the western sky in the lower horizon seeming to be going up heading west to north. At first I thought it was someones special effects launch like a Sky Lantern round and brightly colored reddish orange like the color of Mars in the sky but as I directed my friends attention to the object we noticed that it began to move from west to east staying consistent in color and brightness. There were no clouds a slight breeze and was very clear. As we watched it move I noticed and confirmed this with my friend that there was a faint short very fine orange mist particle trail behind it. I have seen many meteorites of all shapes and sizes and have seen space debris burn up upon earths re-entry. I have seen all types of missiles and rockets and it wasn't a helicopter or any kind of current aircraft I have ever seen. This was none of the above! We watched as the device moved across the early morning night sky for approx 3 Min's. It for a moment became brighter and turned slightly whiteish then disappeared in the lower middle of the sky. It re-appeared approx. 15-20 sec later at it's last location for about 30 sec then disappeared again. We continued to watch for it to re-appear but never did again. Around 5 Min's later there was a sonic boom! About 3 Min's after the object disappeared there was a commercial passenger jet approaching from the northwest heading towards where we last seen the object. The sonic boom cam 2 Min's after the jet. But I know for a fact that it did not come from it. I wonder if they were able to see this object? What was it?;34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
Flock of geese disappears after being approached by a small white sphere.;2013-12-05 08:00:00;5 minutes;Flock of geese disappears after being approached by a small white sphere. There was a flock of geese flying east in a typical “V” formation.  A white object was approaching the formation from the west and below at an angle of approximately 45°.  At first I thought it might be another goose joining the formation, but I’ve never seen a “white goose” so I thought that it could be a seagull.   As I tried to get a better look at it, I couldn’t distinguish any appendages such as wings or head, it appeared to be spherical in shape with what looked like a mirror sort of reflection flashing randomly, nothing like a wing with regular features or motion.  Its size appeared to be similar to a goose or seagull. As the object started to get close to the geese, their formation became erratic and the typical “V” became chaotic while it appeared that they were trying to regroup but were unable to.  The white object reached a point close to the geese–with the direction of the flock being east and referring to the direction of flight as 12:00, the white object stayed at approximately an 8:00 position close to the group, but not inside, now moving as if it were part of the group. I was trying to adjust my vision to see the white object as a bird considering that my eyes were, “playing tricks” with my perception, but I just couldn’t see anything but a sphere.    After a minute or so, the entire flock including the white sphere “disappeared”.   There were no obstructions or clouds to block my vision, but I moved around to different positions to try to get a different perspective because at this point I wasn’t really considering something unusual happening.  What really held my attention was the thought that I was seeing some sort of albino goose.   It took a few minutes after the flock of geese disappeared that it struck me that something more unusual was going on. There were no unusual sounds or other objects, no aircraft of any type were in the area from my perspective.  The sky was clear with high visibility.  Only the geese and the white object were seen.  The approximate location was: 34° 17’ 39” N, 118° 41’ 42” W (from Google Earth). Unknown Altitude. I really don’t want to jump to any conclusions.  I’m sure that there may be an explanation that just hasn’t occurred to me. Thank you for your time and interest.  If there is a simple (or any) explanation, I would be very appreciative to find out what it is. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) I was looking from the South facing North and slightly East. They were flying East. I was the only (1) witness. I'm happy to answer any more questions and very much appreciate your work. Thank you   ((END ADDENDUM));34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
A black round object flew across the sky in day time from East to West in Simi Valley.;2014-12-07 12:07:00;1 minute;A black round object flew across the sky in day time from East to West in Simi Valley A round black and purple object flew across the sky from East to West at the constant speed, without making any sound in almost clear sky.  It was observed by 3 people - a 39 yrs old guy, working in IT industry and well educated, his 8 yrs old daughter, who is in third grade and his 64 yrs old mom, who has been science teacher for most of her life. Initially, the dad thought it was a helium balloon left free by some kid, but the round object flew at a constant height and constant speed and it flew across the sky instead of going up, as in helium balloon.  We cannot recollect seeing any such object before and so we think it is an alien object.  We could not take picture because it flew off our sight in 1 minute. ((AADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hi Peter,   Sorry, I submitted the time incorrectly.  We sighted it on Dec 7th, 2014, at 12:07 PM Pacific Time, which is still 12:07 is 24 hour format. It was about an hour ago and obviously 20:07 hasn't happened yet :).    The sky was clear with little clouds at the time of sighting.  We were playing in backyard, watching humming birds when we saw this object.  First I thought it was a helium balloon because it was about the same size, but its speed, height and direction didn't gel with any free flying balloon.  It was flying towards Thousand Oaks which is west of Simi Valley and I am sure others might have seen it if someone was driving in the car or outside looking towards sky.    My daughter was first to notice, then my mom, and then me.  My mother said, she observed something like fans on either side of round object, but when I looked up it was a bit far and didn't notice anything like that.    Hope this helps.  Thank you for your attention.   ((witness's name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
I saw about five orange glowing spheres traveling at a slow steady pace one after another.  They were spaced fairly even.  I recorded t;2015-01-20 17:00:00;10 minutes;I saw about five orange glowing spheres traveling at a slow steady pace one after another.  They were spaced fairly even.  I recorded the event on my Samsun Galaxy S5 phone.  The lights had the exact same color as high pressure sodium street lights.  I found this strange as I never saw this color before from an aircraft.  The lights were solid and non-blinking.  The traveled generally North and then turned West towards Camarillo.  They appeared to be high in the sky.  At first I thought they may have been toy drones, but after the first one 4 or more showed up soon after in the same flight pattern.   After heading west they got much dimmer rapidly, and I could no longer see them.  My best guess would be some military aircraft, but I really don’t know.  In the videos you can see regular planes fly by as a frame of reference, so you can see just how different these lights looked.  Since these lights were flying very close to the main air corridor to LAX and Burbank  - I wonder if any pilots or passenger saw anything. I uploaded the videos to YouTube.;34.2732458278145;-118.75062013245
