On the date of August 12th 2010 I seem to have witnessed an extraterrestrial event.;2010-08-12 22:24:00;60 mins.;As you may know on August 11th-14th of every year we see the Perseid meteor shower.  On the date of August 12th 2010 I seem to have witnessed an extraterrestrial event.  I have taken into consideration that this could be it a meteor, but I have come to the conclusion that it was not a meteor. I was sitting on the couch in my living room watching for meteors the would inevitably come into view tonight. When I was getting bored of watching, something finally caught my eye.  I thought, “a meteor!“, but another thought popped into my head this meteor wasn’t moving. After about 10 minutes of watching this orb of light it quickly moved down and to the left, on slightly but it moved nonetheless. The orb left a small trial, like a jet, but it disappeared within 20 seconds or so. Then 5 minutes or so afterwards, it again shifted up and to the left. Again it left a tail and it’s tail vanished. The orb was a white color with an ever so slight hint of blue. I attempted to photograph this phenomenon but it would not show up on my camera (Kodak EasyShare P712) it did though show in a few pictures but with much movement of my hands I couldn’t get a clear shot. I am unsure of  what I saw, I know that that light was not there on an ordinary night, and I also had the thought that it could be a star, but stars don’t move (well not that fast anyway)! I am leaving you with this information and hoping you can make sense out of it. P.S. I would like it if you would not call my home phone, an e-mail would be fine if you do decide to contact.;46.6508;-60.5351
Light outside, high in the air, minimal movement , ingonish NS Canada;2010-08-12 22:24:00;60 mins.;Light outside, high in the air, minimal movement , ingonish NS Canada As you may know on August 11th-14th of every year we see the Perseid meteor shower. On the date of August 12th 2010 I seem to have witnessed an extraterrestrial event. I have taken into consideration that this could be it a meteor, but I have come to the conclusion that it was not a meteor. I was sitting on the couch in my living room watching for meteors the would inevitably come into view tonight.  When I was getting bored of watching, something finally caught my eye., I thought, A meteor!, but another thought popped into my head this meteor wasn’t moving.   After about 10 minutes of watching this orb of light it quickly moved down and to the left, on slightly but it moved nonetheless.  The orb left a small trial, like a jet, but it disappeared within 20 seconds or so. Then 5 minutes or so afterwards, it again shifted up and to the left.  Again it left a tail and it’s tail vanished. The orb was a white color with an ever so slight hint of blue. I attempted to photograph this phenomenon but it would not show up on my camera (Kodak EasyShare P712) it did though show in a few pictures but with much movement of my hands I couldn’t get a clear shot. I am unsure of  what I saw, I know that that light was not there on an ordinary night, and I also had the thought that it could be a star, but stars don’t move (well not that fast anyway)! I am leaving you with this information and hoping you can make sense out of it. P.S. I would like it if you would not call my home phone, an e-mail would be fine if you do decide to contact.;46.6508;-60.5351
