orange-yellow glow balls, This sight doesn't give you the information. None of the below options really apply.;2001-10-30 06:30:00;2-3 minutes;orange-yellow glow balls, This sight doesn't give you the information. None of the below options really apply. they came our fast over the horizon. No form. Just these muted glow balls. My friend saw them first.I guess she was in disbelief. This was soon after 9-11. WE both wondered if it was a military thing. Actually, it scared us both, thinking it may be related to that. However, this scooted up over the horizon. Like I said...glow balls without a pattern. They came up fast. some of them danced around each other....they were so high in the sky that we couldn't tell if they were running above  and around each other or what....we just couldn't do anything but watch. WE watched until they got so high bove us in an unbelievable amount of time...then...whoosh....they were gone like they had never been there.   We didn't know who to tell abpout it but us. We knew noone would ever believe us. WE knew that no agency would ever admit it. When we talk about it, it's just that we KNOW what we saw. It overwhemed us. WE weren't looking for it. WE hadn't been talking about ufo's and gotten our imaginations up.....it just happened....out of the blue.I'll never know how to describe what I saw. I only know that it was extraordinary, unprovoked, and possibly will only be seen by a select few. It certainly rocked me. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.7097333333333;-105.12885
A semi-bright glowing craft zooming quickly from east to west;2006-08-15 20:30:00;5 seconds;A semi-bright glowing craft zooming quickly from east to west My coworker and I had stepped outside of work for a quick smoke-break. We were just talking and I happened to look up at the sky. Dusk was just ending and night beginning. The sky was also almost completely cloudy. While I was looking up I noticed a reddish-orange light to the east. It zoomed very quickly from the eastern horizon to the western horizon. The closer to the west it got, the more I could see it's shape...it was somewhat disk-shaped/oval-shaped and glowing a warm orange color. It also left a small trail which I assume was due to its speed and probably a trick on the eyes. Almost to the edge of the western horizon it disappeard in a sort of orangish flash. It was completely silent.  I talked to my coworker about it, and she suggested it might have been a shooting-star/meteor. My father is a hobby astronomer so I have seen my share of meteors, even in the daytime...the huge fireball kind. But, this was unlike any meteor I've ever seen. The way it vanished in a flash of light and the definitive shape of it was interesting. Also, it seemed so close aboved our heads...if a meteor were that close it would have been EXTREMELY bright...and this wasn't. It was semi-bright and seemed to glow. Plus, if it were a meteor, I would assume that it would have had to be very low for a meteor to be UNDER the clouds. Finally, it didn't come from an angle...it came horizontally all the way from one horizon to the other.  It has always been my dream to become a ufologist...so if this is the real thing...AMAZING. It was unlike anything I have ever seen.;39.7097333333333;-105.12885
The UFO was a glowing green orb. with jet or helicopter flying behind;2008-04-29 23:10:00;1 min;The UFO was a glowing green orb. with jet or helicopter flying behind I was returning from a night of training at my gym, on the way home its late at night about 11:00-11:10 and about 1 hour drive. I was heading south on wadsworth and as soon as i passed 44th and wads cross street, A green orb flew SE over wadsworth, about 100-200 ft above my car at first i thought it was a green fire work,because i saw lights behind it,looked as if firework exploded.But the green orb was moving too fast east to be firework in wind.The lights behind it remided me of jet or helicopterThe lights following orb were white in close V shape with a green light on one side and red on the other, i concluded a human vehicle.The light was moving faster than any jet ive ever seen fly in a suburban area, and the jet or heli was trying to keep up with it it was moving so fast i couldnt keep up with them going 40mph in my vehicle, I tried to follow them with my eyes but lost them behind some buildings, by the time i got to a street that followed their direction both were gone from my view. I started calling my friends letting them know hwat i saw, i was freaking out,I didnt know if i should call 911 or police or what.i have never seen anything fly that low and quick in the city, everyone i called wouldnt believe what i just saw. The next morning on the way to work i was heading east on colfax toward denver and i saw two sets of 2 black goverment helicpoters flying close together over denver and more north toward lakewood. after seeing those the next morning i new something wasn't write and comfirmed that something happened the night before, so idecided to report this to MUFON, ive seen this company on history channel.;39.7097333333333;-105.12885
Green light  moving towards south at high speed.;2008-09-16 19:30:00;2 Seconds;Green light  moving towards south at high speed. I witnessed a green light cross the sky during sunset.  It appeared to be traveling from North to South at a very high rate of speed.  I only witnessed it for a brief time from my deck.  The light was brighter than nearby (approx. 1MI) radio tower warning lights.;39.7097333333333;-105.12885
