Small, circular objects floating in a chevron pattern (12 formations total) in a NNE direction over the Lakewood, CO area.;2004-01-18 00:00:00;15-20 min.;Small, circular objects floating in a chevron pattern (12 formations total) in a NNE direction over the Lakewood, CO area. I witnessed the first shape flying in NNE direction.  It appeared to be approx. 50 ball-shaped objects floating in a chevron pattern.  They were about 500-800 ft. in the air and going at a rapid speed.  I called my husband out to see it and within a minute, we saw another object, but sightly shorter follow the same path.  Over a period, we witnessed a total of twelve in all.  The objects appeared to be lit, but it is unclear whether they were just reflecting the light fron the ground. They all followed the same flight path and never moved out of the chevron shape although a few would lag back for a second or two.  There usually about 30-40 balls per string.;39.7097333333333;-105.12885
Bright lights forming various patterns.;2004-10-08 18:00:00;15 minutes;Bright lights forming various patterns. The date was Saturday, 8Oct2004. I was standing in my front yard near 10th Ave. and Garrison St. in Lakewood, Colorado, a suburb of Denver. The sun was close to setting but had not yet set. While watching a flurry of leaves fall from a tree I noticed a bright object in the northeast sky through the tree's branches. At first I thought it was the sun reflecting off an airplane but it became apparent to me that the object was not moving in relation to the tree's branches. I checked my watch and it was about three minutes past 6:00 p.m. (Mountain Daylight Time). The object appeared to be in a position not quite half way between north and east and all the activity I describe took place at an elevation of between 30 and 45 degrees above the horizon. Having no reference point, I can not guess as to the distance or altitude of the objects I saw. I moved to get the tree out of the way and began thinking perhaps I was seeing a star becoming visible as the sun was setting but it was just too early for a star to come out. I then began to think it was a weather balloon reflecting the sun. I have not seen a weather balloon since I was a kid and am now 60 years old. By the time I changed position and got the tree out of the way, I could see that the object was now moving in relation to some overhead electrical wires. About 30 seconds had elapsed at this point. Now I began to think I was seeing a satellite of some kind, as it was moving to the southwest at about the speed I have seen satellites move. I called to my daughter (age 24), Come see the satellite, and when I looked back the bright object was moving to the straight west. While I was waiting for her to arrive I saw several smaller bright lights (of two sizes) appear and disappear randomly at varying distances around the first object. Some were visible for several seconds, others just flashed on and then off. She arrived just in time to see several smaller objects, about six of them, form a semi-circle around the first object for a few seconds and then, in a split second, a number of the secondary objects formed a straight line with the first object for a few seconds. The line was angled in such a manner that, if extended upward, it would have crossed the northern sky in direction of the north compass point. My daughter looked at the bright objects through binoculars and said that they appeared to have orange and green lights on opposite sides. After this, both the primary and secondary objects appeared and disappeared randomly in the same vicinity for several minutes. Some were large and others were small. At some point one of the secondary objects separated from the group and began moving in a southwesterly direction. Every so often it appeared to produce flames, like rocket propulsion, and would accelerate rapidly in random directions. At some point another object separated from it and acted in a similar manner, flaming and changing direction at odd angles but keeping in the vicinity of the object from which it came. Both objects headed west, sometimes bright and sometimes dark, as silhouettes, but I could not discern any particular shape. The offshoot object disappeared but I continued to watch the other object for a while. It became dark continuously and looked and acted much like a radio controlled model airplane. It flew west and I swear that at times it looked like the silhouette of a large bird flapping its wings, then it too suddenly disappeared. While this took place, several of the other secondary bright objects moved off slowly in a northeasterly direction. The first object then disappeared and by 6:15 p.m. all objects had completely disappeared. My daughter continued to watch the sky and about 10 minutes later she said she saw a bright object again in the vicinity of where the dark objects had disappeared.;39.7097333333333;-105.12885
Two groups of UFO's over the Denver metro during 4th of July fireworks.;2014-07-04 21:43:00;5+ minutes;Two groups of UFO's over the Denver metro during 4th of July fireworks. Watching fireworks from the eastern slope of Green Mountain in Lakewood, CO with a group with 4 adults and 3 kids.  Other larger groups in the vicinity also reported seeing the objects. There were to distinct groups.  The first and most suspicious group of 4 appeared from our vantage point to be over DIA.  This group changed formation repeatedly but would return to a group of 3 in line with one that moved randomly around them.  These objects moved laterally and up and down. No man made aircraft that I have ever seen moves in this manner. I was in an ait squadron in the Navy and have seen all sorts of planes, helicopters, etc.  These objects did not move in a manner I have witnessed in man-made aircraft. The second group appeared to be a bit north and ~5 miles west of the first group.  This was a group of 5.  It is possible that this 2nd group could have been parachutists that I have heard were working a fireworks show.  They did appear to descend. This report was prompted by the fact that this was the 2nd time I have seen a similar event on the 4th of July.  Either last year or the year before we witnessed objects that moved like the eastern-most group reported last night.  They most definitely moved 1000's of feet up and down and potentially miles side to side in a way that was not possible by man-made aircraft.  Also, these objects were in the air long enough that we actually got bored watching them and went back to watch fireworks.  We would watch the UFO's for a few minutes, the fireworks for a few minutes and so on for 15-20 minutes.  Since they appeared to be in the area around the airport, I was skeptical that they could be anything other than aircraft, but this was quickly cleared up by the extreme maneuvering that we witnessed.;39.7097333333333;-105.12885
Strange lights over Lakewood, CO.;2014-12-19 22:30:00;5 minutes;Strange lights over Lakewood, CO. I was outside smoking a cigarette and noticed 2 round lights, thinking they were airplanes in the distance, then I saw several more come over the mountains.   I had my granddaughter come out and look then I asked her to get her aunt.  Her aunts boyfriend and my husband to come look.  They came out just as 6 more came over the mountains.  Then they all faded away one by one.  We are a little freaked out. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect an evening sighting, and have changed the time above, to reflect that fact.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information, so we are unable to contact the witness for confirmation.  PD));39.7097333333333;-105.12885
