While at work on 9/20/01, I was just closing up the store and as the last of the customers had just left so I could lock the door, they;2001-09-20 19:15:00;3-5 m in;While at work on 9/20/01, I was just closing up the store and as the last of the customers had just left so I could lock the door, they ran back into the store yelling that there was something strange above the store. We went out to look and noticed a red, rapidly blinking object hovering approximately 500 yards up. It was approx. 40 feet in diameter and it made no noise. We watched it for a few minutes it looked like a big red blinking soccer ball. The light looked like it was coming from within the object, but seemed to crawl around the outside of it somehow. The UFO returned about 20 minutes later.  I was driving home from work and it followed me to my apartment complex.  I ran into my apartment to grab my video camera, but the object was too high up in the sky by the time I returned to get any clear video, and then it was gone.;39.7097333333333;-105.12885
Big red thing fallowing a van;2001-09-30 19:45:00;05:00;Big red thing fallowing a van at about 7:45 PM I was just getting back from an early dinner party I was headed West on Yeal St waiting at the stop light at Eastest St I was waiting for the light to turn green when I noticed a green van going South if Im not mistaken on Estest St Just behind the van and above it about 60 or so feet was a big red Ball. It was pulsing rapidely It seemed to have a blue or green light on the bottom I could not believe my eyes As I watched the van go through the light it looked to me as if this thing was fallowing the van. What happened next was astounding In fact scared me to the point of panicking I tried to put my car in reverse I could not find the gear. I watched this thing explode a beam of light on to the ground next to the van then the light swept through the van not around it but through it as if it was cutting right in to the metal All I could think of was getting out of there I never drove so fast in my life. I am a ((title deleted)) of a large distribution company I like to think that I can keep a cool head on my shoulders What I saw that night I cant explain I am Reporting this anonymously to protect my position I would hate to have my associates find out I am seeing these things not to metion the fact I am reporting them. So I apologize for not leaving more contact Info. But I will give you this e mail address ((e-mail address deleted)) What happened next I have no idea I was to busy running away I hope the person in that van was ok I have reported this to other ufo web sights just in case someone else saw this ((NUFORC Note:  We believe the witness may mean a date of 30SE01, but that is only a guess.  We will attempt to confirm the date, although the witness remains semi-anonymous.   PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  To listen to an archived 3-hour radio program on the Jeff Rense program (11JN02) with both a witness to this event, and an experienced investigator of it, please go to the URL shown below:   http://events.yahoo.com/shows/endoftheline/02archives.html PD));39.7097333333333;-105.12885
Excited about my daughters tenth birthday party at the Old Stone House Park in Lakewood Colorado, we had just opened presents when my d;2001-09-30 20:00:00;five min.;Excited about my daughters tenth birthday party at the Old Stone House Park in Lakewood Colorado, we had just opened presents when my daughter and niece decieded to go to the restrooms located across the park.  After a moment we heard the girls yealling aliens, Ufo,aliens! as parents we were listening but thought that the kids were just playing untill the screams got louder.  I walked out from under the yawning to look up and see a object about 1/2 mile above me.  The object that I at first thought was a air ballon was red,blue and yellow with a strobing light inside and was moving very slowly.  I called to the others to come and look.  We all just stood there with our mouths wide open and amazed with the colorful, lighted object. As the object was headed east and now about 1 mile away it begain to move at a 70 degree angle towards the clouds with no smoke or sounds.  At this time my sister remined me that I had a video camra and that I should be recording this. When the object became nothing but what appered to be a flashing plane light it went quickly to the east then immediately to the west heading into the cloud we watched for about a minute or two untill we no longer saw anything.  The storm cloud which it entered then began a strobing type lighting for about one minute then all was clear.  We exchanged info with another gentleman who had also been following this object. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness at length, and we found her to be a seemingly quite reliable observer.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  To listen to an archived 3-hour radio program (11JN02) on the Jeff Rense program with both a witness to this event, and an experienced investigator of it, please go to the URL shown below:   http://events.yahoo.com/shows/endoftheline/02archives.html PD));39.7097333333333;-105.12885
October 30th 2001. 8:00 pm I had gotten home from work and just went to get gas. I was on my way back from the gas station when I notic;2001-09-30 20:00:00;15 to 20 MM;((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the witness, Mr. Stan Romanek, who submitted this report, who has appeared on radio and television programs about this incident.  Since he has received considerable publicity over this incident, we feel justified in identifying the witness here, which NUFORC traditionally avoids doing.   Also, we express our gratitude to Mr. George Zeiler, Deputy International Director of the Mutual UFO Network, Lakewood, CO, for his effort in performing an in-depth investigation of this case, and for arranging to have the photographic evidence analyzed.    To listen to these two individuals recount the events surrounding this case, please click on the following URL:      http://events.yahoo.com/shows/endoftheline/02archives.html  Both gentleman appeared on the Jeff Rense program on June 11, 2002, which is archived at the above site.  NOTE:  The object described below was caught by at least three video cameras.  The footage was shown by George Zeiler to unidentified, senior officials at NASA, and they apparently expressed considerable interest in the evidence.  They apparently have made no public comment about it, that NUFORC is aware of.  PD))   October 30th 2001. 8:00 pm I had gotten home from work and just went to get gas. I was on my way back from the gas station when I noticed a spotlight hitting the ground next to my van, wile I was driving. Were I live, they have a lot of police helicopters patrolling the area at night, so I didn't pay any attention. The light hit my van and as it did I rolled down the window and waved above my van. Even though I could not see what I though might be a police helicopter. I realized something was wrong. I couldn't here any helicopter blade noise! It was at that time I also noticed that the car behind me had slammed on it breaks and was stopped in the middle of the road a ways back. Also as I passed the intersection I noticed the person stopped at the light had his head hanging out the window and was staring at my van, as I drove bye. By that time the spotlight went out. I looked out my side window and that's when I saw the dam thing. It couldn't have been more then 40 feet above my van. It was the size of my van looked spherical. The thing was blinking rapidly about 3 to 4 blinks a sec. a red orange color. But the bottom of it was a real bright greenish blue. The whole thing was lit up. There was a fool moon out that night with a few clouds and you could see this thing as bright as the moon it self! About a sec. After I first saw this thing, it shot out in front of me. I hit the gas and followed it. I was doing about 60 chasing it, when we got to a park that was in that area. It suddenly went right, towards the park and stopped for a minute, above a big tree. I turned in to the parking lot almost flipping my van and grabbed my video camera from under the seat. I started filming! Thank God I had my camera in the car. It slowly drifted southeast. No sound what so ever. There were times it would just shoot off at real high speed and I would have to find it again with my camera. I drove to the end of the parking lot and got some more good footage. When I got there I noticed there were a! lot of people there watching this thing to. They started coming towards me.  I found out they were there in the park for a late birthday party. To my surprise they also had cameras! ! ! We all watched it dart around and accelerate away right in to a cloud. As weird as it sounds, when it did there would be lightning flashes but no thunder!?!? It did this a few times. We could see it go in (flash) then it would come back out for a few minutes. Then it would do it again, then (flash) but still no thunder. Then it just went away. I got every one on video and we all exchanged numbers. I know there were more people that saw this when I while driving, but they drove away in a hurry! ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this witness, and we find him, and the other co-witnesses to be credible.  Still photos and video forwarded to NUFORC, which appears interesting.  Witness called to correct the date of the incident to 30SE01, as opposed to 30OC01, as first indicated.  Case is passed off to Dr. John Schuessler, International Director of the Mutual UFO Network, which is based in Lakewood, CO.  PD));39.7097333333333;-105.12885
He could see a dome top with vertical lines, the object was slowly rotating, and the bottom was lit up.;2009-11-09 18:25:00;1 1/2 - 2 mins;Hello, This is the picture my son took with his cell phone of one of five UFO's he saw last night (11-9-09) at around 6:25pm.  He was at Wadsworth & 10th Ave, Lakewood Co 80215.  He was in his truck getting ready to leave the gas station when he noticed 5 objects lined up in the sky.  They were lit up on the bottom.  He and a friend watched for a few seconds, he reached to get his cell phone to take a picture.  Four of the five objects disappeared and one stayed.  He could see a dome top with vertical lines, the object was slowly rotating, and the bottom was lit up.  It stayed for a moment then took off towards Denver and disappeared.  He was able to get one picture of the last object (UFO) with his cell phone.;39.7097333333333;-105.12885
Black Spherical Object Observed &quotFloating&quot Nearly Stationary over North Denver Area Looking East from Lakewood, Colorado;2012-09-02 19:30:00;6 minutes;Black Spherical Object Observed Floating Nearly Stationary over North Denver Area Looking East from Lakewood, Colorado A black, round object &quotfloating&quot (nearly still) observed while looking east from Lakewood, Colorado.  Appeared to be over north-western Denver (Adams County Area)  Remained seemingly motionless in the sky.  2 adult observers maintained visual contact for 6-7 minutes before object &quotfaded&quot from view. Sky was partly to mostly cloudy, with a high ceiling.;39.7097333333333;-105.12885
Two (2) spherical objects hovering near homes in Lakewood, CO;2020-02-12 08:00:00;23 seconds;Two (2) spherical objects hovering near homes in Lakewood, CO Two spherical objects approached and hovered near my window.  They approached slowly, appeared to notice me, and then hung around for about 8 seconds, before zipping off to their next location.  The local avian community also appeared to notice, as many birds (more than normal) also began coming to the window and investigating.  I've asked them (the birds) to let me know what they find out.;39.7097333333333;-105.12885
