I reported the UFO sighting in Pawtucket R.I.of 1974 that you have on your website.;1974-01-24 00:00:00;1 hour;((NUFORC Note:  We have no way to certify that this report is either sincere, or accurate.  PD)) I reported the UFO sighting in Pawtucket R.I.of 1974 that you have on your website.  My sister and my brother would like to get a interview to talk about the craft in secret to protect our identity.  There is more to that experience that I felt I should share the rest of it now to your organization.  I left out the part to my abduction into the craft  My father still owns that house property with the 3 door flat top garage.  I was hoping if some how a team of your investigatrs can go and do a radio active reading on the roof.  The orginal beams our still in place supported by beams of wood my father had anchored to the damaged ones from the ufo landing.  Now here comes the shocking abduction story.  I was brought into the craft by two small aliens that stood at my eye level but with such strong strenght they shoved me into a room with a metalic table off to the side of the small room.  The lights in the room had a blue silvery incandescent glow.  A Female alien try to set me at ease by communicating to me not by speech.  I know this sounds off the wall but by telecommunication that we've seen in science fiction movies.  She said that they came from another world unknown to us and they plan on not hurting me but would like to perform some quick test's on me, I was frighented and tryed not to look at her large grey piercing eye's.  She said please disrobe from your clothing and I shook my head in fright.  It was icy cold in the craft it felt as if I was in the cold outside in the snow.  Then from behind her another alien came walking in and he seemed to be a little angry in the fact that I was still in my winter coat and clothing and was not yet even placed on the metal table for what ever they had in mind.  The female alien then said. look what you have done BoBo is now angry at me allowing you to waste precious time.  BoBo the alien who seems to be in charge looked at her angerly and said why did you reveal my name to this human ! boy.  She quickly than appologized and said look what you've d! one he i s now angry again at me.  He walked over to me and she said he is only a small boy he will not remember your name.  Getting away from this ufo encounter from that day on anytime I heard the name bozo or hobo I would feel a chill go up my spine until later on in life I remembered his name and realized why.  I noticed in the craft a engraved picture of a whale on it and it seemed to relaxed my mind a little because everything else in the craft looked alien to me and not reconizable. Bobo noticing I was transfixed on the whale asked me telepathically do you know what that is a picture of I nodded no in fright looking at his taller slender body with a large bulbus head because I was to scared to make conversation with any of them.  He laughed and said when I was your age I had already the intelliegence of five of your highly respected scientists.  The female alien then interrupted him and said that's not true.  You had the intellegence of 2 of their respected scientists.  That i! s true, maybe I am not giving your kind to much credit because I find you humans to be so ignorant and primitive you have so much to learn about your planet and about yourselves.  All this what you call war towards others.  He noticed that I started to look puzzled and stopped talking about what he thought of humans.  He than pointed to the picture and said that is a blue whale.  That is the symbol we use to identify your planet here in the milky way galaxie.  These whales when they communicate to one another in your blue ocean can be heard millions of light years away to our planet.  Their sound waves travel up onto iceburgs working like a radio wave and reached us millions of years ago and we followed the sounds here to your planet.  I am getting tiered typing this e-mail now and will wait to see if you would like a interview where I can share a whole lot more.  I must say I am glad the goverment keeps all ufo information hidden because what I saw can be mind bottling and! scary for most humans that our weak minded citizens could cau! se great stress in how humans think and excell in life knowing that their our intelligent beings way more advanced then us but the good thing is we have God and that is another subject I will talk about.  One quick data I did some reasurch and believe the craft I was abducted in was the ufo that crashed in Chihuahua, Mexico on 8/25/1974. It has the same discription that I reported and learned of this craft this year watching the new tv show on the History channel UFO Encounters.;41.8786601941747;-71.3693708737863
R.I. sphere shaped object  landed on flat top three door garage.  1974 .the beams still show cracks that developed from the weight;1974-01-24 22:00:00;1 hour;R.I. sphere shaped object  landed on flat top three door garage.  1974 .the beams still show cracks that developed from the weight It was a cold winter night on a thursday. My mother realized that my brother and I had not put out the garbage yet and it was getting late.  It was about 10 or 10:30 at night.  so we put on our winter coats and headed out.  My younger sister wanted to join us she was 9 years old I was 10 and my older brother was 14years old at that time. As we walked in the snow covered ground and slippery ice the night sky was beaming with stars. We had too walk down the long driveway to place the garbage cans out for tomorrows pick up by the garbage trucks. enroute we ran into a friend of my brother who lived two houses behind ours.  He would take the short cut home often cutting threw our backyard.  He helped us finish throwing out the trash, but there was one can stuck in the deep ice. My brother kept chipping away at the ice with his boots to free up the garbage can as we three were talking about school.  my sister than tried to get our attention.  She said there was something over head flying towards us, but we payed no attention to her. Again she said I think you three should look up to the sky theres something flying towards us.  But we were so focused in trying to free the garbage can that we payed her no mind and said it's probably a plane.  Her voice then became alarmed and she screamed! Look straight up above us.  We looked up to see a craft hovering above us it was maybe 100 yards over us 16 ft. in diameter with a reddish pink like lights that flashed around it with a blinding white light at the center of it that would flash on and off as it hovered above us it seemed to get closer too us and it would pan up and down slightly causing the perfect circular lights to appear as a semi circle.  Now from that time on we don't remember what happened.  All I know is we found ourselves looking around for the craft.  It somehow disappeared on us.  Until our friend said there it is, it's right over your garage roof.  The craft hovered over away from the garage roof took a slight altitude flight. made like a letter z ! formatio n and shot out of sight into the night sky with a woosh sound with such velocity that no jet plane till today could achive leaving behind a trail of two flourescent green laser like lights with a red and white light ray within the two laser green lights that slowly dissolved in the air. ((NUFORC Note:  Interesting report date is approximate.  We have requested that the witness attempt to have his brother and sister submit independent reports of their recollections of the event.  The case is very similar to a report we received in December 1994 from a mother in Traverse City, MI, in which she described how her children, who had been out sledding, came rushing in the house in their underwear, babbling about the disc they had seen hovering over them.  The next thing they knew, the disc was in another part of the sky, and they found that their outer clothing was neatly folded and stacked on their sleds.  The mother was alarmed by the situation, and reported that she knew something peculiar had taken place, because it was unthinkable that her children would fold and stack their clothing in neat piles.  PD));41.8786601941747;-71.3693708737863
