Circular shaped craft appeared to be following  conventional aircraft.;2011-02-21 18:52:00;45 seconds;Circular shaped craft appeared to be following  conventional aircraft. On 2/21/2011 at approximately 18:52 hrs I was walking out my front door and glanced over at my neighbor who was backing out of the her garage.  I then began to walk toward my vehicle which was parked in my driveway.  I glanced up and notice an air craft flying in a southerly direction at what appeared to be approximately 10 to 12 thousand feet.  As I was watching it fly away I also noticed that there was another craft which was brightly illuminated flying much lower and at a much slower rate of speed.  I then walked away from vehicle to get a better view of the craft.  I don't know why but as I tried to make a better observation, I noticed that the craft began to turn it's lights down lower and lower until there was no lights at all, but the craft could still be seen until it dissappeared in the distance.  I could tell that the air craft ahead of this craft was a plane of some sort, but the craft flying much lower appeared to be circular or round and brightly lit.   I don't know why but I somehow had the feeling that the craft knew that it was being observed and turned it lights off.;39.0097;-94.4658
A light in the sky with a faint “V” formation, flashed from red to green quickly and was seen numerous times.;2019-10-17 20:30:00;21:00;A light in the sky with a faint “V” formation, flashed from red to green quickly and was seen numerous times. On October 17 around 8:30-9:00 at night, me and four other friends of mine took a walk. While we were walking we decided to go on a bridge (can be found on google maps at E 67 Street Raytown Mo) that was nestled next to a brewery and was right above a fairly busy road. It was pretty normal until one of my friends thought that they saw something in the sky. They described it as a disc like object that had lights on it that flashed from red to green very quickly. This was not an airplane as it was not in the flight pattern and the red light on a plane is always on and never flashes. We all figured that they were just scaring themselves and ignored it. Then I saw a flashing light in the sky that was also going from red to green but it was to far up to see any outline, before I even said anything about it my second friend of the other 4 saw it with me. We both, almost  simultaneously, said “What is that!?” Of course everyone’s instinct was to look up at it. Including me and my friend that saw it, 4/5 of us saw the light. The light continued to flicker until it eventually disappeared. I was thoroughly freaked out and was ready to leave but everyone else was fine so we stayed. Then the same friend that saw it with me and another one (now all of us except one had seen the lights) saw it twice. The first time they saw it it was for a split second and they were the only ones but the second time everyone saw it besides me. At this point we all had seen it and now we wanted to get to the bottom of it. We all went through the possibilities. It couldn’t have been a drone because they are loud and can’t legally go over 500 feet here. It couldn’t have been a plane because it wasn’t in any flight pattern and had the incorrect lighting. It could’ve been military equipment because there is a military base around here (this cannot be found on google maps) but it is scary nonetheless. I then started stalking the sky in search for something else and we all saw it two more times where the same thing happened. I then noticed here that the lights have a “V” shape so them with duller reds flashing with no green with the main light. Then upon more stalking me and one other friend saw two “stars” in a perfect line to each other moving along the sky slowly until we decided to look away and lose track of it. All five of us saw the same thing over and over again on that bridge and it was not anything I can really rationalize with.;39.0097;-94.4658
