Close up encounter with an object that was translucent, low luminance, floating.  ((NUFORC Note:  Anonymous source.  PD));2010-07-15 22:45:00;2:00;Close up encounter with an object that was translucent, low luminance, floating I had already been seeing strange craft in the sky and purchased a camera to document my sightings.  I have pictures of a few of these crafts but not the one that I'm reporting.  I was standing out in my driveway looking up at the night sky. Looking, constantly looking for something unusual.  After about 2 hours of staring at the stars, I finally decided to go back inside my home.  After I walked up to my front door, I opened the storm door and then turned around once more to look into the sky. When I fist noticed it, I wanted to freak out.  There it was an object floating in on a direct path, It didn't move side to side or volley up and down. It moved as if though it had a mission or purpose. I was nervous, and scared,  So afraid in fact that I could feel my knees buckling. I guess because I didn't know what to expect and I wanted to act non aggressive. I though that I was either going to be taken, blasted into nothing, or become part of this things menu. So I! wanted whatever or whoever was propelling this thing to know that I am not a threat. As It approached from the North sky,  It floated down into my yard just above the tree in the center of my yard. Then it lowered itself approximately 7 to 10 feet above my head and stopped for approximately 5 to 7 seconds then proceeded forward ascending above my rooftop. As it was leaving I yelled out What are You. it never made a sound, not one sound. It was an unusual color.  A low intensity pinkist to violet light, that was almost hypnotic to look at. When I first noticed it all that could be seen was the front. As it came closer I noticed that it's body was approximately 20 to 30 feet in length. The body looked as if though it was filled with fluid color. It had no wings. the body also had no real width (I mean that it appeared that nothing living could occupy that space). approximately 1 foot in width, but the front was enormous compared to the body 4 to 5 feet in width. There were! windows or slits in the front that were slanted in opposite d! irection s and were also illuminated. As it elevated higher to clear my house and the trees in the back yard its speed never accelerated. I would guess that it's speed was approximately 10 to 15 miles per hour until it was out of sight. It should also be mentioned that I attempted to get video of all of this, but upon uploading my camera videos to my computer I noticed that I had nothing. I pushed record my battery was charged and had worked with all other encounters, but not this one. After I went inside I told everyone about this encounter. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.0097;-94.4658
