Very bright color changing triangular shaped object floating and flying over small area;2011-08-16 01:00:00;10-15 min;Very bright color changing triangular shaped object floating and flying over small area My husband and I went outside to smoke a cigarette and as I walked out my back door onto my deck I saw an amazingly bright and brilliant cluster of red light(s) I turned to look at it and immediately noticed the way the lights looked was not like a “normal” light.  It is very hard to put into words but the best I can do is say that normal lights shine light but these seemed to glow more brightly than anything I’ve ever seen glow, or maybe a better way to put it would be to say that they radiated colored energy.  Which sounds crazy even to me when I was the one who saw it, but that is truly the only way I can find to describe it.  I asked my husband if he saw it as well. He simply stated yes. I asked what it was, and almost at the same moment he started to say it was an airplane it moved slowly to the left and the lights changed to an equally bright green.  I asked him again “that’s an airplane? Really?” he agreed that it was not an airplane. We continued to watch as it floated slowly to the left and then sped up and changed to blue lights and flew upwards.  Then stop moving in more than a slight hovering like instability for approximately a minuet maybe two then repeated the flight pattern and color changing again then slowed again to the hover like movement now with only the red lights blinking at random and inconsistent intervals. I couldn’t gauge the distance of the object but it was visible over the tree tops near my home. It was triangular in shape with multiple intensely bright lights that changed colors. And from where we were standing it looked as though it could be rather large in size. We watched this pattern of flying and changing color for 10-15 min at somewhere between 1-2 am. I then decided to go out into the front yard to see if I could get a better look at it and also to see if there was anyone else that was seeing the same thing.  There were some individuals outside but I could not see it from the front of my home due to tree and houses blocking the area I had seen it. When I returned into the back yard to watch it further, my husband had come back inside and informed me it was gone. My husband took over 24 hours to allow himself to accept that this thing was not something that could be explained easily and the same night he finally admitted that it was an Unidentifiable flying something or another, (he refuses to say UFO because he thinks it will make him sound like a nut case) informed me the next evening that he had seen another object flying extremely fast across the sky, I however was not home that evening to confirm or deny his sighting, although he is not a believer in any other worldly things or the possibility of them so I am inclined to trust his admittance to seeing something he doesn’t believe in.  I am someone who believes that anything is possible and that it is ignorant and egotistical of us to believe that in the vast unending universe, we are the only beings or living things.   I don’t know what it was, however I know it was something that I have never seen the like of before and believe that the way that craft moved and the manner in which! it changed colors and blinked without recognizable pattern was not any object that I have known to exist yet here.;39.0097;-94.4658
