It was a cylinder that had 3 bright spotlights and moved too slowly and quietly to be a helicopter!;2001-07-20 23:00:00;3 minutes;It was a cylinder that had 3 bright spotlights and moved too slowly and quietly to be a helicopter! While driving home after spending the evening with my wife I noticed a very bright spotlight in my rearview mirror. We live in a remote , wooded area outside of town without street lights.We were on the last road to the house ,heading downhill when I noticed the bright light was above the tree line. I mentioned it to my wife at which point she suggested we pull into the drive and watch it.I pulled into our drive,still 100yds. from the house , and turned the vehicle and headlights off. The brightlight continued in a straight course directly toward us. By this time I'm thinking it has to be a helicopter. Oddly though we noticed as it got ever so closer there was no apparent noise. Just as the object flew directly over our heads many things were evident. It was not a helicopter,it appeared to be moving much too slowly. It not only had a huge bright spotlight on the front,but also one pointing directly downward at the ground as well as one pointing directly to the rear for a total of 3 spotlights.The spotights were increadibly bright! The craft was metallic gray/silver with protruding structures underneath like pipe work. It was cylindrical in shape with no obvious front or rear other than the direction it was flying. It was approximately 20-25 ft in length and 10 ft wide. It was moving from the South to North toward the Greater Austin area. It seemed to be traveling no more than 15mph. It moved so slowly it is hard to believe it could stay in the sky.The only noise I could hear was when it was directly overhead.The noise was a faint metallic clanking or moving of metal parts.It did not have blades or wings! It was no more than 30 ft above us just clearing the trees. The light was so bright we couldn't make outfine details of the craft. We watched it slowly cruise overhead and continue across the front of our property through the woods. The rear spotlight,just as bright as the others,was so bright that you could see the light penetrating through the trees until it was over the horizon. I remember the date so easily because my daughter was born the next day.;29.8752195121952;-97.936646341464
