I was heading toward downtown from my house on the southwest side of town. I was heading east northeast depending on the direction of t;2014-01-24 19:23:00;12 minutes;I was heading toward downtown from my house on the southwest side of town. I was heading east northeast depending on the direction of the road (ranch road 12) heading toward town.  I saw the object out of the corner of my eye on this road.  I turned onto  the main road through town (Hopkins) and was heading toward downtown.  After the road straightened out (I was looking toward the north, north east)  I got a look at the object it had four lights all had a brightness comparable to a car's head light although were more like those found on an old Jeep. (Like a flood light.)  The objects lights where in this pattern O-O-O-O although rounded.  The object did not have any of the running lights commonly found on an aircraft . The object also seemed to have more mass behind the lights, as if the some of the light coming off of the four lights, showed the out line of the craft.  It appeared to be round.  Its shape could be compared to a mentos candy chew with four lights  on the front. Its course was crossing mine, it appeared to be coming from the east, northeast headed west, southwest.   After I got to my destination (a friend's house) I lost sight of the object.  It appeared to be lower than commercial aircraft although not as low as many other aircraft that fly in the area like hospital helicopters. Commercial aircraft are often at altitude when they pass over either from San Antonio or Austin. There are other atypical aircraft that sometimes fly over the area most of them are private planes headed towards the city's municipal airport. Its on the northeast side of town. Most aircraft that land there head west to east. Other aircraft that fly around the area are antique world war two era. But these can be heard as most are propeller driven. And usually do not come around until the city holds the air show at the Airport. The show is usually in late spring. But the planes can be heard flying at various times. The object in question had no audible sound. And it did not follow any known flight paths of any other aircraft typically seen in the area.  I will supply a picture and map in a few days. It will be sent to the address below and mey take longer to get there. However I will send a copy of the the above text and needed info.;29.8752195121952;-97.936646341464
