Silent triangle formation of three lights at extreme altitude ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of U. S. Navy NOSS satellites??  PD));2001-09-01 04:00:00;3 minutes;Silent triangle formation of three lights at extreme altitude A girl friend of mine and myself drove out to this place called Devil's Backbone about 20 miles west of San Marcos Texas to watch the sunrise. The place is really just a highway scenic overlook on a high ridgeline.  It is very dark, and overlooks the city lights of Wimberly about 15 miles distant.  My friend and myself were completely sober, and were looking for a romantic experience subsequent to a night of talking. I am a huge aviation enthusiast, and ex military. I was hoping to see the usual things one might see at 4 AM such as satelites, the space station, meteors, venus, etc.  We noticed moving from West to East at an altitude appearing equal to satalites a formation of what appeared to be 3 satalites in a loose, but not equilateral triangle formation. Stars were visible between the formation, so it was not one craft, but three. The objects were visible as unblinking, dim lights and moved in a constant direction at a constant speed. The speed was consistent with other satalites I've seen. The formation was spaced about 1.5 inches apart at arms length. (Assuming low earth orbit) the triangle formation would have covered an area of at least one square mile. The ojects passed directly overhead, and dissapeared off to the East, as they grew too dim to see against the stars. The girl had an extreme reaction to this sighting and ran back to the car, crying. I told her it was probably just three satalites in formation, to calm here down. There was no sound with this sighting. I am color blinde, so the there was no color to report. Everything was consistent with three satalites flying in a loose triangle formation, however satalites do not fly in formation. The entire sighting lasted about 3 minutes, but has stuck with me to this day. I was prompted to post it when reading another identical sighting in Texas on your sight which I have included for a reference. Just a side note... I recently met a Sr. Officer with the Air Force Space Warfare Command and he assured me that there were OTHER THINGS in our inventory in addition to spy satalites. Perhaps these were Air Force Craft of some sort.    Occurred : 6/17/2005 04:40 (Entered as : 06/17/2005 4:40) Reported: 6/17/2005 11:53:34 AM 11:53 Posted: 6/20/2005 Location: Goodrich, TX Shape: Light Duration:2 minutes 3 star like objects moving in unison with precision to the north, no change in direction, like small constellation moving fast  I awoke on June 17 at 4:30 in the morning to get the best view of the stars. I am an amateur astronomer, but I usually view the sky in the early evening to about midnight. The milky way is just to the west of my house at this time of the morning. As soon as I stepped onto my upper deck I began to gaze at the sky. A flash of light is what originally got my attention. When I focused on the spot just to the west of me, I noticed three star like lights with the magnitude of about 5 1/2. They were moving in perfect formation like a large 100 degree triangle pointing in the north to about 5 degrees maybe to the east. They seemed to be following the milky ways direction or they were atleast in that portion of the sky. They did not twinkle or vary from their formation. They continued in their direction, northwardly, until they were lost in the distance. It took about 1 to 2 minutes for them to pass from almost directly above me to the horizon. I am not usually up at this time, but I know this is a popular time to view satellites and I have never seen one to know the difference between ufos and normal celestial objects that would be moving that way. Another thing. I could see stars inside the triangle so it was not one solid object. It was like watching a small constellation move across the sky. There was no sound of jets, but I live along side a noisy highway so there was some highway noise. What made this seem so special was the way they moved with such precision together across the sky. I think there is a logical explination for this, but would like to know if what I saw was a ufo. I don't know why I saw a flash of light first, or if that has anything to do with the formation. It could have been a shooting star, but what a coincidence. I live about 60 miles north of Houston so there is alot of air traffic and they go in that direction the most. I think I have included everything to the best of my knowledge. I hope it is relevent. I am a christian who believes that if God included everything about our universe, the Bible would never end. He lets us figure some things out for ourselves. I believe we are the only humans with the ability to have the holy spirit in our hearts, but nature is an awesome thing. God bless all the scientist and curious people reading this and happy researching. P.S. On the 15th, two days ago we had a major black out over 10 counties lasting from 7pm to 1am. I'm sure if there is anything intellegant flying out in space above our atmospere this looked like some kind of signal. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of U. S. Navy NOSS satellites??  PD;29.8752195121952;-97.936646341464
