Looked like a birthday cake with very bright white flashing lights, stationary in sky above until it quickly moved on.;1996-09-30 18:00:00;2 minutes;Looked like a birthday cake with very bright white flashing lights, stationary in sky above until it quickly moved on. My father's neighbour and I were out baling hay in the late evening. Sky was black. He had a bigger baler, and could go faster then I could. When he would catch up to me, I would pull out and let him pass, because there wouldn't of been enough room for the two balers to be side by side, and still be neat in the field. I had pulled out made my circle so I could pull in to the hay row again when he passed.  His tractor and mine had cabs on them.  While I was waiting, I noticed these bright lights in the sky, and I instantly thought it was a very low flying plane in distress. Although it is a no plane area - my father's ranch is about 70 miles away from any aircraft station.  Right away, looking out the window of the cab I could see that it was not flying, but rather stationary, and these lights were so white bright, and flashing like birthday candles.  I thought that it must be of the reflection of lights of his tractor and baler causing tricks on the glass of my tractor cab.  (Before I forget, this was the year I believe that there were several sightings of unidentified objects in Saskatchewan) I poked my head out of my tractor cab to see what was above me, and believe me this was not a reflection of his lights. It was not exactly right over me, but to the south of the tractor.   There was nothing between me and the object in the sky. My hair stood on end, I wanted to jump off my tractor, to try and get on his to be with somebody.  This is the strange thing about it, it took off to the east and left this string of light, then it stopped, and went south, with this string of light it left, it stopped again, and then went west with again this string of light and disappeared over the valley hills.  This string disappeared shortly after it appeared when it travelled.  Both tractors were running of course, so there was no sound that I heard.  It was a very large object - now this is just a guess - I would say it was a little less then the size of a two ton truck.  It is difficult because the lights were flashing so bright, that it was difficult to see and it was round. His tractor had already past so it wasn't his lights shining in my eyes.  I have tried to figure out what it could of been and I can't think of what else it would be. I am a rational person, with a history degree, and am known as very matter of fact, and get to the point person. I seen what I seen.  I have meant to report it for years, but didn't know where, thought I better while I still remembered it. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));50.8001;-106.5179
