What was thought an aircraft, suddenly stopped, did a series of acrobatic tricks, tremendous speed from standstill, no noise.  Suddenly;1999-10-30 00:25:00;20 mins;What was thought an aircraft, suddenly stopped, did a series of acrobatic tricks, tremendous speed from standstill, no noise.  Suddenly disappeared. Seemed alive and connected to minds of viewers. The light, about as bright as Jupiter is in this part of the world but with a reddish/yellowish(sic) tinge was seen from the beach of La Conchita, Ventura County, California (near Carpinteria, Santa Barbara County, California). The beach faces soutwest.   The craft was seen initially about 30 degrees above the horizon going at aircraft speed.  Suddenly seemed to stop, go vertical at faster speed, up and then down, did a series of erratic movements of varying distances and speeds, with no seeming logic.  The light seemed to blink and shoot off shortish rays of light.   A couple of minutes after turning around and running to get someone else to see the sight the light was gone.  There was no noise. The two viewers were a male counselor in his mid twenties and a professional masseuse in her mid thirties. They felt a mind connection with the light as if it was alive and the masseuse thought, moved with her will to some extent.   THE WRITER WOULD LIKE TO HEAR OF CONFIRMATION FROM OTHERS IF THERE ARE OTHER REPORTS IN THE AREA.  THANKS.  ((masseuse in her mid thirties.));34.4058780487805;-119.518204878049
bright white light and luminescent stationary light cloud with green beam.  ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 18:00:00;5 minutes;bright white light and luminescent stationary light cloud with green beam ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD)) We were walking home from dinner when we looking into the sky and saw a bright white light almost resembling a comet and moving pretty slow at an upward diagonal angle. We stopped to watch because it looked so strange, it had a tail of white light coming out which massed into a large white cloud that appeared lit. There are absolutely no clouds in the sky tonight and everywhere around this light mass was empty sky. While the light was on the right of the cloud a thick somewhat translucent green beam was stationary coming out of the left side. The light continued to move upward and to the right and eventually got far enough away that it was no longer connected to the light cloud. When this happened the green beam also dissipated. The light cloud however remained in the sky for the next 10 minutes. The original light moved far away but remained visible, it appeared to move further up in the sky and then there seamed to be another shower like light beam extendi! ng downward. It remained in that position for roughly 5 minutes and then disappeared. We both watched this unfold as well as two other people on the street across from us. There are no missile launches or rocket launches recorded near this area tonight and we are left wondering what we saw.;34.4058780487805;-119.518204878049
