Two red-orange fireballs observed and interacted with via spotlight.;2011-07-30 21:00:00;4 minutes;Two red-orange fireballs observed and interacted with via spotlight. On Saturday July 30, 2011, I was out walking my dogs shortly before 9pm EDT.   It was a very pleasant evening with clear skies, calm winds, temperature in the low 70’s with a dewpoint in the lower 60’s.  Because I live in a very open area, adjacent to a large farm, it is always quite dark outside.  As such, when walking my dogs I always take a powerful spotlight with me…to light my way and also see if I am approaching any wildlife. I am an avid amateur astronomer, so whenever there are clear skies, I often take in the view while walking the dogs.  On this particular evening, I observed a very bright fireball looking object on the northern horizon.  The object was a brilliant red-orange color.  I would rate its apparent magnitude as -4 -- comparable to Venus at its brightest or the International Space Station.  The fireball: had a distinct circular shape to it.  Its apparent size was 4 times the size of Venus.   This object proceeded on a southerly course and flew directly over top of me.  It took approximately 45 seconds for the object to track from the Northern horizon to a position nearly overheard.  At the closest approach, I would approximate the altitude to be between 1500-2500 feet.  I was able to approximate altitude because I live a few miles from a small airport (Flying W Medford, NJ).  Single engine craft on approach must adhere to a 600 ft flight level.  The fireball appeared to be 2-3  times higher.  This first object, after passing over me, vanished. Within 10 seconds of the first object vanishing, I noticed a second object, exact same characteristics once again appear on the northern horizon.  At this point I asked my wife and daughter to come out and look at the object.  My wife brought her Nikon D5000 (DSLR 14MP) camera.  Once again, the object was a circular orb with an extremely bright red-orange light.  It followed the exact same course/heading as the first craft (North to South ... straight line).  Altitude was approximately 1,500 - 2,500 feet and speed was similar to that of the first object. This time, my wife was able to take two pictures of the object.  They are attached.  More importantly, I grabbed my spotlight (15 million candlepower) and began to shine it directly on the object at its closest approach to us (nearly overhead).  After 3 bursts of the spotlight, the bright red-orange light on the object immediately ceased.  I continued to shine the light on the object and was able to observe the following:  > The object appeared solid. The object had a round, circular shape. The object was clearly rotating or spinning in a counter-clockwise fashion. The object appeared to be 50-60% the size of the full moon. The object had a gray or silver color that reflected the spotlight beam. The object was completely devoid of any sound. The object continued on a southerly course, with no visible light, until we could no longer see it. The duration of the second sighting was no more than 3 minutes.   First appearance on Northern horizon to disappearing from view in the Southern sky. I am an avid amateur astronomer with many years of experience.  I also am very well versed in meteorology.  I know what commercial and military aircraft look like, as we are in the flight path of commercial (Philadelphia International) and military (McGuire AFB) airports.  I also know that the atmosphere was clear and stable at the time of the sighting.  I know what most objects are in the sky-- such as planets, stars, constellations, satellites etc.  I firmly believe that the object that was witnessed by my wife, daughter and me was not something that I have ever seen before.  It was certainly extraordinary.  I think I am most puzzled by the way the object immediately cut out its light when I focused a spotlight on it.  It certainly took my breath away to see the shape, color and rotation of the solid object as I illuminated it from below. Please feel free to contact me if you would like to discuss this further. ((NUFORC Note:  NUFORC has spoken with the three witnesses, on several occasions, and they made an appearance on a radio program, in order to talk about their sighting.  All three witnesses, husband, wife, and daughter, seem to us to be exceptionally credible.  PD));39.9663;-74.8103
