it was like a light just sitting in the air and it just went out and it light up in a zigzag pattern and the light just went out for a ;2001-12-16 21:00:00;5 minutes;it was like a light just sitting in the air and it just went out and it light up in a zigzag pattern and the light just went out for a couple of minutes the it appeared again i seen the same thing about a year ago but i didn't think any thing of it that time it was like the same light but the one light turn into fourit a straight line facing down it was like whan the first light was about gone another one would light up.  me and a member of my family seen the one that happened about a year ago and the one that happened the other day me and two of my friends seen that one and then me and the same people were joking around about it then we were at one of their houses and i was leaving and i went it a got them and there was a light just sitting in the sky and then it like cut of and then lit back up it was going across the skyand then while it was doing this a little tiny ligh that seemed to be red kinda fell from it real fast and that was it but the second time i ever seen it there was like another littler light that was going across th sky and it seemed to be going up and it was like it got so high you couldn't see it no more and every time this happened about ten minutes later the area would be filled up with airplanes i swear to god that i seen this i don't know what it was but i know i seen it no matter who believes me;33.862;-79.7425
I saw a yellowish orange light out the window.  Then another one appeared beside it to the right side.;2018-03-07 21:45:00;5 seconds;We were riding home in the car, and I saw a yellowish orange light out the window.  Then another one apeared beside it to the right side.  Then the one behind it disapeared and the one apeared to the right side again.  Then they all disapeared.  Then i saw it again after about 5 seconds later.   So I took out my phone and caught it on camera.  Except this time, they where doing the disappearing/reappearing thing in a circle motion, going slightly down.  There was at least 8 of them at one time.  Then they all disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  We have received six photos from the witness, which show very small specks of light, against a dark background.  We do not know what the lights are.  We have corrected the date above, to reflect a sighting on the evening of March 7th, 2018.  PD));33.862;-79.7425
