Oval shaped craft emitting white light as if scanning the ground.;1990-05-15 19:30:00;30 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have assigned a date so that the report sorts to 1990.  PD)) Oval shaped craft emitting white light as if scanning the ground. Two good friends to mine reported to me that while biking they had seen a object hovering over the highway from the vantage point of a bridge.  They claimed to have observed this object for several minutes before it started to move toward them.  Upon the realization that this object was approaching they raced off on their bicycles and observed the object scanning the ground with a white light as if looking for them. They noticed the craft to have been oval and emitted no sound except for a slight humming.  They sped away and notified me over the telephone at which time I observed the craft from my home at a distance of a couple miles.  At this time it was dark and the object shown as a white light hovering in the sky.  It eventually sped off after several minutes.;43.0286;-71.1922
Odd stars??;2007-09-01 01:00:00;10 minutes;Odd stars?? I live in a very rural area of NH...I exited my back door onto my deck to let my dogs out at about 1 AM on 9/1. I looked up at the sky as always and noticed there was a very bright full moon which was directly above the trees across from my back door. I looked to the left and noticed a couple of odd-looking 'stars'. They seemed a bit orange or to have an orange glow to them which I don't think is unusual (could have been old stars) except that as I was looking at each of them, actually staring at each for a time, I noticed that  the oval shape was more solid than I saw when just glancing at them.  There were multicolored lights in the center that seemed to be spinning.  As I looked at these 'things' they became much clearer.  I went to get my binoculars but could not hold them still enough to see any details and it doesn't 'see' clearly that far anyway.  I called my husabnd who i found was sleeping and went back out the door and they were not there...just stars.  The next night I notriced nothing at all...there were stars but nothing with an orange glow like the night before.  I wonder if anyone else noticed this in my area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));43.0286;-71.1922
