Bright orange light rotating in sky but no sound of an aircraft.;2014-02-24 00:00:00;3 minutes;Bright orange light rotating in sky but no sound of an aircraft I took my dog outside to the street in front of my house around midnight.  A bright light up in the sky caught my eye as it didn’t seem to be that high up in the sky…no higher than a small aircraft would be as one approaching our small town airport a mile away.   It was traveling in a southerly direction from the north but not in the direction of the airport.  It was a rotating round bright orange light.  No directional lights on the aircraft whatsoever except for this rotating orange light that seemed to be above or on top of the aircraft.   The size of the craft didn’t appear to be any larger than a small airplane although the only thing visible was the orange light.   There was absolutely no sound coming from this aircraft and it traveled very slowly unlike a plane or helicopter.  It passed slowly over head for what seemed like a distance of 4 city blocks and then it disappeared as if the light was distinguished ((sic.  extinguished??)).   The beam of the light’s rotation only appeared to extend no more than 100 feet or in other words, not much bigger than the aircraft itself.   It was the strangest thing I’ve ever seen in the sky.  It seemed so strange because it made no sound.   But the light was so bright…as clear as an orange moon rising but much smaller.;27.1605;-80.2925
Clear bubble with feather looking object in center.;2014-08-22 12:30:00;10 seconds;clear bubble with feather looking object in center I was lying on my float in the pool  looking up at the clouds thinking why don't we see the orbs during the day.   Okay so many people will say I'm seeing things that aren't there, but this is what I saw. At first I thought it was a white feather drifting down in my yard so I just watched it drifting down and as i focused on it i could see a bubble around it.  What i saw as the feather was about 2 inches long and the bubble around it was the size of a baseball.   While I was thinking it was a feather was when it was coming down then it started going horizontal that's when I saw the bubble as soon as I started focusing on the bubble it shot away and i lost sight of it.;27.1605;-80.2925
