More than 1 sighting this week.;2014-02-19 00:30:00;2 minutes;more than 1 sighting this week On Wednesday the 19th of February, approximately 12:30 at night I was going up the stairs  to bed.  I looked out the window at the top of the stairs I see this large red glowing ball flying towards the house like a plane but this is no plane I've ever seen so I scramble to the porch on the other side of the bedroom shouting at my husband to get up and tell me what this thing is. When we go out to see the glowing red/orange ball - there's 2 of them flying past travelling in a North West direction!  He looks and believes they're planes while I'm insisting they aren't planes as there was no sound and the red glow pulsed.  I'm thinking maybe they're drones of some kind.   The next day I text a friend of mine in Hobe Sound who tells me her children saw the same thing on the Monday and they even frightened her son!   Friday the 21st of February my Husband and I were sitting out the front of the house watching the thunderstorm when the same girlfriend calls me at 11:02 pm.  She is driving from Tequesta to Hobe Sound telling me she's following another one of these red glowing orbs north on U.S.1.   The traffic ahead of her all have their breaks on looking at the same orb. I hang up with her and lo and behold there's another one in front of us flying north.  I quickly try to video it and take photos.  The video didn't come out  but I got a picture. Saturday the 22nd of February my husband went to walk the dog about 10:00 pm and there they were again!  This time there were two heading North and they lasted around two minutes before blinking and then disappearing. He called my son to look out the window with his friend who also saw it.  The 1 picture I got is the only one any of us managed to get.  My friend's phone stopped working after trying to video it (maybe unrelated). I wouldn't have bothered with a report if it was only the  once that I saw them but the multiple sightings and the way they just blink out is something I just can't explain;27.1605;-80.2925
Another red orb in our neighborhood.;2014-04-01 20:40:00;5 seconds;another red orb in our neighborhood I was outside on my front porch trying to figure out how to work my new telescope, first I focused on the moon, I was trying to see the stars but couldn't quite get it adjusted so I turned it to the bridge lights to see what they would look like.   I looked up from the scope and there was another of those big red orbs above the bridge, I couldn't really tell if it was above or further away but it was about 3 time the height of the lamp post and 1/3 larger than looking at a full moon with naked eye, I ran into the house to call my mom and son out to see it but when I came back out it was gone.  I had to leave for work at 9 pm from the time I saw it until I left there was a red and green lit large helicopter flying our area.  This isn't what I saw to begin with as the light on helicopter flash the orbs look like a huge break light.;27.1605;-80.2925
White lights zipping through NE sky seen in Stuart, Florida.;2014-11-07 20:00:00;2 seconds;White lights zipping through NE sky seen in Stuart, Florida. Looked up while going for a walk and saw a falling bright light through the trees in the north east sky.  I thought I was seeing things until a neighbor pulled up in his car and shouted, What was that?   The neighbor mentioned that he saw 2 lights zipping across the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  We assume an evening sighting, and have amended the time to reflect that fact.  Source elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information, so we are unable to confirm the time.  PD));27.1605;-80.2925
