Bright orb, hovering just above the tree tops for about 5 minutes.  It was a light green color.;1989-06-23 22:00:00;5 minutes;Bright orb, hovering just above the tree tops for about 5 minutes.  It was a light green color. It seems like I can remember this experience like it was yesterday, although it occurred decades ago.  I vividly remember the feeling it gave me when I saw it, yet somehow I can never really explain it. I still remember weeks later when Independence Day came around I saw all the fireworks and used that as a way in my mind to rationalize away what I saw, though, I always knew that it was nothing like a firework.  I never did tell anyone, not one of my seven siblings, parents, or friends.  I knew I would be made fun of, I was smarter than that.  It wasn’t long ago that I told my wife about it, she is very supportive and takes things at face value with me.  In spite not speaking a word of this to anyone else in the 19 or so years since the occurrence, it seems reasonable to report the incident in case it has some value to someone out there studying the subject. 	I was fairly young, 11 years old to be exact.  We lived in a comfortably large home in the spread out private community of Martin Downs.  We had 3 or 4 acres on nice little lake in the back yard.  All the homes were spread out, our area of the neighborhood was fairly open, and we had a great view of all the homes on the lake.  Most of the homes on the other side of the lake were nestled in trees, very private.  Mostly long needle pines with Palm trees speckled in with Palmetto underbrush, standard Florida Foliage.  I remember it being a late summer evening, it was a Friday night and all my older siblings were at a church dance down in Palm Beach. My younger siblings were in their rooms, I remember turning the corner from the long hallway that lead from our rooms to the living room and shockingly seeing this very bright light hovering just above the treetops on the other side of the lake.  Under normal conditions the view from our living room is breathtaking at night the wall toward the outside is mostly glass going into our ‘Florida room’ which outside wall was entirely glass sliding doors down the breath of it.  The house is built up a little bit so you have a great view when normally things are very flat in the area.  So looking through the two rooms you can see the light from the houses on the other side.  It must be between 200 and 300 yards to the other side of the lake, and this light was bright, frighteningly so.  It was a light green color I really couldn’t tell what shape it must have been so I would guess an orb would be a great description from what I could discern.  It frightened me to the bone, but at the same time it was so mesmerizing, I could not take my eyes off it.  So I stood there, half hiding behind the corner of the wall, as it hovered, moving ever so slightly to the west for about 5 min.  The westward movement was so slight, during that time it probably only traveled about 40 yards or so.  Then, as I watched it, it just disappeared.  As I thought about what I saw I was astounded! , shocke d, my world of what I knew had changed.  That image still sits in my mind today, hovering just over the treetops, as I go back and look at pictures of my back yard, I can see that it moved directly over a house.  I wonder if anyone else saw it, I really do wonder.;27.1605;-80.2925
Blue light this time.;2014-04-06 00:00:00;2 seconds;blue light this time Hello again I sent an email with a picture to your website tonight of the orb I managed to capture on my phone its not a good picture but I was lucky to have gotten it, what is good about the picture is you can see the bridge that I write about in the other sightings now I have another to report. I really hope you received the picture, because now the light I saw was brilliant blue and it appeared to be on the water in front of the lights beneath the bridge, close to the other shore  I've never seen a boat with that color light and it was larger than the lights in the background more like the orbs I've seen already, but not as small as the one that was flying away in the picture. At this point in time I don't know what to do, do I keep reporting these sightings, I am fascinated by what I see and the other reports I really can't believe at this time in my life I would actually see these things, and the only people that believe I've seen them are the ones that have seen them too, my son said if you look your going to see, but I believe you need to be in the right place at the right time. This will be my last report unless I manage to film something incredible, they usually catch me unready. ((NUFORC Note:  Given the time at which the report was submitted, we suspect that the sighting occurred at midnight on Sunday morning, April 06th.  We have amended the date above, and have attempted to contact the source of the report, in order to confirm the date.  PD));27.1605;-80.2925
