HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Large ring of white lights.;2003-09-15 23:20:00;30 seconds;Large ring of white lights. Witnesses email below: I also called the witness in Airdrie, Alberta to gather more information on this sighting. My report after talking to her is below also.  Hi there,  A week before the first article came out in the Airdrie Echo newspaper about sightings, I came home from work about 11:20 pm, and I let the dogs out side and I was also watching a few northern lights off my deck , I live on the east side of  Airdrie, the (deleted by HBCC UFO) are right behind my house. So we have a hill behind my place with a walk way on that goes towards the highway, and I looked over to my left toward the west, and I know what I saw, and it was big circle of lights twirling around and hovering on the walk way and then it just went down, not up. I grabbed my dogs and headed into the house. The next week, I read the article in the paper.  HBCC UFO Report after talking with the witness.  The first thing the witness said was, I know what I saw and it was really bizarre. The lady let the dogs out onto the deck of her home and then followed them out, stood there and looked to her left and just above a walk way she spotted the lights hovering. The walk way runs a good distance and eventually runs across the highway. The witness said it could not have been children twirling lights as for one thing the circle of lights was very large in size, plus she could not see anyone in the area. She also compared the size to a 10 or 12 foot old C-Band satellite dish. She explained that it looked to her as if it was a ring shaped object with a lot of white lights running all around the outside of it. She also said it appeared that there was not just one set of lights, but layers of them. As she stood and watched this strange display of lights, they started to move down over the hill which would have crossed over Highway #2 until she finally lost sight of the lights. She mentioned that it was approx: a half block away from her location and very bright. Also the lights were moving quickly, but there was no distortion, or the lights appearing to be one long string. She was able to view the individual lights and she told me there was many of them. No sound was heard and the dogs did not react in anyway to the strange lights. The witness said she wasn't frightened at what she saw, but her senses told her it was time to head back into her home. It was visible for approx: 30 seconds before it vanished. I asked if she was able to see anything in the center of the object, she said no, just a ring of lights.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Home - Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com;51.3026943820225;-114.030973033708
