Single Electric Blue gumdrop shaped object appeared with a flash and appeared to land.;2009-07-22 02:40:00;2 minutes;Single Electric Blue gumdrop shaped object appeared with a flash and appeared to land. This report is to document a sighting of an unidentifiable object in the sky that was witnessed by myself.   I have a part time job delivering the AnnArbor.com newspaper on Thursday and Sunday Mornings.  I typically start delivering my papers at around 2:00 am.  I have ~150 customers and I have a very set routine of delivering my route.   On the Morning of July 22, 2010, at exactly 2:40am (I just remembered that I called my wife when this event happened and I verified the time when I called her).  I called my wife at 2:42 am and told her about what I saw and that I was coming home because I was too freaked out to continue delivering my papers. There is a street called Louis Lane in Hamburg, MI.  It is a residential street in a generally rural area and the street is probably ½ to ¾ mile long and is in the shape of a horseshoe.  The street is along the north side of the main road (Strawberry Lake Road).  Imagine breaking the horseshoe shaped street into two parts, the eastern half of the street and the western half of the street.  I always begin delivering papers on this street on the eastern portion of the horseshoe and am facing north when I pull into this street.   I pulled into a customer’s driveway, threw the paper up by the garage, and reversed out of the driveway to continue on my way.  When I began to proceed, I saw a flash of blueish light (like lightning) along the northern horizon.   I looked out my windshield to see if a storm was maybe on its way, but it was one of the clearest nights this summer.  However, at that moment a second flash was closer and brighter and my NPR radio station cut to static for may! be 5 seconds.   This was really creepy, but I continued on my way.  At this point I was rounding the top of the Horseshoe and was facing west, I looked out my driver side window which was facing to the south and that is when I saw what really made me think about it being a U.F.O.   The object that I witnessed was about 20 degrees off of the southern horizon, just above a line of trees.   The object was less than 100’ in the air, it was glowing electric blue in color, it was approximately the size of a quarter and was definitely close, I’d say within a ¼ mile distance.  The object moved westward while it descended behind the trees and appeared to land. As I watched the object disappear behind the trees, I continued to drive slowly and was now facing south and was now on the western portion of Louis Lane.  I put my car in park and turned off my lights and continued to look south towards where I saw the object disappear.  I stayed for maybe a minute and witnessed some intermittent blue colored flashing coming from the direction of the object.   I called my wife at exactly 2:42 am and told her what I just saw.  I told her that I didn’t want to finish my route at night and was going to wait until day to finish.  I was pretty scared, so I got out of the neighborhood, and drove east at 75 mph down Strawberry Lake Road, until I got into town. I stopped at the Hamburg Township Police department and seriously considered walking in to report what I saw, but I didn’t.  In Hamburg, MI, there is a 24-hour ((deleted)) gas station that I always stop at before I start my route.  I always ((speak)) with the guy who works midnights, his name is ((name deleted)).   On my way back home, I stopped to tell ((name deleted)) what I saw.  ((name deleted)) was in some disbelief, but he said that it was kind of strange because there was a very brief loss of electricity at the gas station at around the same time that I told him what I saw.   ((name deleted)) said that it could be the Police helicopters, because they look for people growing marijuana at night.  I expressed that I didn’t think it was a helicopter, because the whole thing was glowing electric blue.   I then drove the 10 miles back to my house, eventually went to sleep and finished delivering my papers when it was light outside. I am a ((deleted)) student and attend ((deleted)) school in Ann Arbor, MI.  I told a few students what had happened earlier that morning, and two of my classmates, said that they were up late and also experienced the brief power outage at around the same time.  However, these guys live in the city of Ann Arbor, and I was nearly 15 miles north of the City of Ann Arbor when this happened. The event that I witnessed was very brief and I left before I could see anything else happen.  Just thinking about this event still makes my skin crawl.  I used to prefer delivering my papers when its dark, but I seriously don’t think I’m ever going to start my route until the sun comes up. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he seemed to us to be sober-minded and credible.  We also received a telephone call from a woman in Harper Woods (Detroit) about what sounds to be the same event, but we have not received a follow-up written report from her.  PD));42.453;-83.8098
