Iwas abducted around age 7 or 8. They came will I WAS Asleep. they look into my room from the hall. They took me to a room. I think the;1972-10-01 01:00:00;2-3 hours;Iwas abducted around age 7 or 8. They came will I WAS Asleep. they look into my room from the hall. They took me to a room. I think they placed an implant behind my left ear and brung me back home. On this night of this abduction I was only 7 or 8 yrs old. The reason I have not said any thing for so long I have tryed to put this off as a bad dream. But the more research I done the more I would remember about my own abduction. It happened on a school night I was asleep in my room. We had old wood floors in our house that would squeek when you walk across it. And while I was sleeping that is what I heard. was the floor squeeking. I look at the door to my bedroom and (saw what I believe now where 2 gray ailen's)looking at me. I yelled for my dad.  And he found nothing or no one around and informed me if I woke him up anymore I was in deep trouble. Well they came back and stood looking at me from the hallway. I was so scared, I can not remember anytime in my life being so scared. They took me to a room with a table. Look like an operation room. I assume this is on their ship. I don't recall seeing a ship. But they took me to this operating room. There were three ailens there. One looked like a doctor or the one in charge. he was a littel taller than the others. It look like he had an assitant. And their was an ailen tring to calm me down. I was in a hysteria of fear. I was crying and screaming for my dad. And the ailen that was trying to calm me down just look at the others as if it didn't know what to do. Shortly after this a person came out that look like my dad and I calm down. But I was still very scared. They rolled me onto my right side and did something behind my left ear. I believe it could be an implant behind my ear. As soon as the operation was over they brung me back to my bedroom and the person that look like my dad told me don't play with that behind your ear untill you get up in the morning. I have not had any contacts scince. No any other memories of any such activity. I hope this helps. I hated it happening to me and I hope it dosent happen to anyone else. But I know it dose. thats why I finaly said something.;37.9379;-97.0247
