Very bright light  seen in sky - paced my vehicle for 10 -15 minutes. Object acclerated past my vehicle - then stopped and hovered.;2004-09-29 04:10:00;30 mins;Very bright light  seen in sky - paced my vehicle for 10 -15 minutes. Object acclerated past my vehicle - then stopped and hovered. Initially seen on the southeastern horizon - at first thought it was a new tower. Bright white light - with short tapered lighted tail entending from the bottom of object. I turned onto highway travelling in a north east direction. The light seemed to pace my vehicle - keeping just to my right. The object would stay on my right of would be slightly ahead of my vehicle to my right. Very bright clear white light appeared to be round object. It would was not that high in the sky - hard to judge - but seemed to be the height of a radio tower. Object was 300- 400 meters away from vehicle.  Again hard to judge distance in dark - but it was close enought that I could see that it would bounce somewhat in flight. The object continued to pace my vehicle for approximatley 4-5 kilometers. At a straight stretch in the road the oject seemed to accelerate past my vehicle and continued in a straight line - in a north east direction. The light was not as bright as if it turned lights ahead. Again it seemed to move slightly up and down like it was hitting turbulance of some sort. The object contiuned travelling straight for 3-4 seconds putting distance between us. The object then made a left hooked turn to the north and seemed to stop - as now the light was brighter again. The object seemed to sink lower in the horizon behind a tree line. I turned north onto another roadway and observed the object just below the tree line area. At this time I contacted a family member - telling them to look out the window of our residence - I explained what had been  seen. The person never seen anything. When I arrived home I observed the bright light to the north east - throught the tree line - slightly obscured. Moments later when I got into my house - both myself and family member observed a very bright light hovering in the east sky - well above tree line and the few houses in the area. Light was not there when I arrived. The light was video taped. It appeard to hover up and down. The light stayed for well over 20 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness identifies self as being a public employee with considerable responsibility.  PD));44.3482;-78.7329
A bright blue slow moving object at a low altitude, suddenly turns and faded to the north.;2005-12-13 17:15:00;20 seconds;A bright blue slow moving object at a low altitude, suddenly turns and faded to the north. While driving north, about 10 miles from our local airport (CNF4) located at Lindsay Ontario, Canada,  at about 5:15 p.m., the sky was clear and the temperature exstremely cold -about -18C. On the quiet country road heading North, my eyes caught a strange, very bright blue light, a slow moving object (round) travelling at a low level altitude (est 2-3000 ft above ground) , from east to west, when it suddenly and sharply turned north and faded from sight. Being a pilot, I naturally looked for the type or aircraft this might of been, but realized that no aircraft would have been that bright blue color in the sky, nor could it have made such a sharp controlled turn and fad to nothing!;44.3482;-78.7329
My Mom said there was a light out the window in the sky.;2008-01-02 21:00:00;2hrs;Last night we were sitting watching t.v. My Mom said there was a light out the window in the sky. We all looked out and seen a light in the sky it was flashing red green and blue it couldnt of been a star it was to low. It was flashing and hovering in the sky it wasen't moving forward  so it wasen't a airplane We were amazed at the sightimg but not shocked however because we had seen it before everynight in the summer it would be in the front of the house very low just above tree level hovering in the same place. Funny thing is its like it can hear me talking about it for example we havent seen it since the night i stood outside with my friend waitng to see it it never showed and never came back since. But just three nights ago i was telling a friend about it and lastnight it decided to come back. I dont know who else see's it around here, I dont know who to contact but i would realy like to know what it is?;44.3482;-78.7329
