25 meter, low-flying, soundless black triangle drifting slowly, then accelerating to extreme speeds in a zigzag motion.;2013-10-15 20:00:00;2 minutes;25 meter, low-flying, soundless black triangle drifting slowly, then accelerating to extreme speeds in a zigzag motion. I am a student in my late twenties.  I have two graduate certificates, a degree in Environmental Science and am currently enrolled in a post graduate program in Geographic Information Systems. My UFO experienced happened over a year ago. I didn't write anything down after the event which I deeply regret.  I had a hard time believing what I had seen with my own eyes, but I know that I could not of imagined something that was so vivid and real, something that was so large and close.  I am an honest person. It frustrates me when I tell people my story, because they almost always doubt what I am saying. I had just left the school and was heading north on Albert Street South.  I was walking on the sidewalk on the right side of the road.  I had just passed the large empty lot located next to the College property.  The lot next to this has an old office building that has been empty for years.  Running parallel along the sidewalk is a row of large maple trees. On the left side of the road, there extends a small forested area and a large double parking lot. Next to it, running up to the intersection is a series of two-storey townhouses and a couple of trees that stand only marginally  taller.  The Albert Street/Mary Street intersection is brightly lit by street lights.  I was directly across from the townhouses. I was starting to pass the first maple tree, when I saw something out of the corner of my eye.  I looked up and right above the north end of the townhouses there was a black acute triangle.  I would estimate that it was about 25 meters in length.  It appeared to be hovering only slightly above the houses.  It made absolutely no noise. The air felt totally quiet.  I didn’t notice the craft before this point I am not sure if it just appeared out of nowhere or if it just blended into the sky.  The spot where I noticed it, was being somewhat illuminated by the street lights.  My memory is a little fuzzy on the locations of what I perceived to be the lights.  Not because of the time that has past, I felt this way even immediately after the experience.  There was at least 3 lights on the bottom of the craft one being at each point.  There may also have been a fourth light in the middle.  There was a few lights along the side, but I am unsure of the exact number.  I believe that what I have d! escribed were lights, but they were not lit, so I can not say this with 100% certainty.  The craft was heading approximately in the same direction as I.  It was moving extremely slow it appeared almost as if it were drifting.  All of the sudden it made a quick leap forward, lingered for a millisecond, dodged left at an incredible speed, then shot forward and disappeared into the sky.  I did not see nor feel any means of propulsion.  I believe the entire experience probably lasted less than 2 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date may be approximate.  PD));44.3482;-78.7329
