Triangular object hovered over car on US-12;2008-05-22 22:30:00;about 2 minutes;Triangular object hovered over car on US-12 I was driving home from Edwardsburg around 10:30 p.m. and had just turned off of Brush Road onto US-12.  I had only driven a few hundred yards when I noticed a very bright white light off in the horizon, north east of my car.  At first I didn't think anything of it, assuming it was  some kind of airplane tower or something of that sort. After a few moments I started to notice that whatever this thing was had not one bright light but three lights and was starting to move in my direction. It took a second for me to realize that it wasn't anything I had ever seen before! The only thing that I could think of was to get some kind of footage of this object. I pulled my car to the shoulder of the road and as I did so I noticed two other cars  on the opposite side of the highway do the same thing. One of the persons got out of their car while the other remained inside theirs.  I sat in complete astonishment that this was actually happening as the object glided toward the ground at my car. It traveled the distance from the horizon to above my car so fast I didn't even have time to blink! I watched as this now quite visible equilateral triangle (with a semi-circle cut out in the back) flew a matter of 10 to 15 feet above my car.  The object must have been about twice as long and twice as wide as my car and emitted no sound but had three lights on the bottom,  one in each corner of the triangle. The lights seemed to be streaming down like strobe lights until it banked onto its side. When it did this, I got a clear view of the bottom and noticed that the lights were about the size of a dinner plate. That's when I got out of my car and grabbed my cell phone to try to shoot some footage of it.  Just as I found the video recorder on my phone and started recording, the object moved  over the trees and shot out of view in a south western direction. By  the time I gave up filming and looked around, one of the cars had already gone and the other was in the process of leaving. I have never experienced something like this in person before it was for a lack of a better term... bewildering!! I just wish I could have captured an image of it in time or been able to talk to the other witnesses.;41.7913;-86.0263
