Flashing lights in the sky. Moving way too fast to be an aircraft and made no sound.;2006-05-26 00:30:00;4 mins;Flashing lights in the sky. Moving way too fast to be an aircraft and made no sound. On May 27 at approx. 0030 hrs I observed what I first thought was an approaching aircraft out of the west. This would be a normal activity. It was a cloudy night as we had just had thunderstorms and althought the rain had stopped clouds still hung in the sky.  The first observation was of a double pulse of white light that i initailly thought were wing beacons as the pulsed twice very rapidly. I waited for the secound pulse and when it came the object had moved way too fast in the sky. it now appeared almost directly overhead with the same two pulse beacon light. It stayed in the same area with the secound sighting. and pulsed there with the same two white flashes about 8 times in the course of 2 and a half mins. during this whole time the object made no sound. even thought it appeared to be directly overhead. Then back on the horizon I observed an actual aircraft that headed east toward my location ( Commerical aircraft ) and the turned to the north. This aircraft as it got closer had sound and it never came close. As I waited for the pulse of beacons I observed it pulse twice more as it shot back across the horizon from the south to the north just above the tree line. What ever it was it was very very fast and made no sound that i could hear. I never actually saw a craft just the two pulses of bright white light very close together and it seemed to have no sequence, in the time between the pulses. The cloud ceiling was low but I don't know what hight it was, but surely if an aircraft was under the cloud ceiling and moved like this thing I would have heard some noise from the engines. I have been a Police Officer for 11 years and prior to that I was in the Air Force stationed in Dover Delaware. I have never saw or claimed to have seen a UFO until now. I am sure it can be explained. For several moments I thought it might have been a glider, But again it moved way to fast from one spot in the sky to another;36.9779;-76.6329000000001
