Orange lights and triangles over field south of Half Moon Bay.;2008-01-17 08:00:00;3 hours;Orange lights and triangles over field south of Half Moon Bay. On the day of this incident, a friend and I went to explore a field and empty reservoir in this field. We wanted to come back to it that night, and enjoy the moon and conversation away from town life. We came back with another person that night. We walked to the end of the field for no reason in particular, and noticed 2 orange lights over the trees. They were moving quite slow, sometimes not moving at all. They appeared small, as if they were planes. They would head east away from the ocean. They would circle around and disappear behind the hills. They usually appeared in twos, separated by quite a distance. They would always appear from behind hills or trees. They sometimes appeared from nothingness. They would sometimes turn off the lights, and then appear with light configuration like jet planes. They had up to 7 lights, most commonly 2 headlights with “wing” lights and up to 3 lights in the back. But they were too low and too fast and silent, and were not jet planes. At times we could see up to 6 in the air. We called our friend and he came with his girlfriend. We watched the triangle and squares and diamond crafts fly around, like bees. They would often change path, and were just observing. It seemed that other crafts would appear in the paths of other crafts. We had a flashlight, and when I flashed patterns on the field one turned its headlight toward us and changed course to fly directly above us. They were triangular in shape when we saw them from below. From the sides, they appeared oblong and very large. They appeared very bright, and I do not think jets or prop planes have these bright of headlights. Our observations were mildly disturbing, and 4 of us were convinced they were UFO’s, but the only girl with us was still skeptical. This was about to change. Over a hedgerow cypress forest, 2 lights, dime sized to us only 1,500 feet away, hovered for maybe 2 minutes. There was a faint glowing aura in the trees below. They moved slowly around, and we could see one turn away and he! ad for t he ocean. The other continued closer to us, within 600 feet, following a drainage ditch it seemed like. It hovered to the highway, and looked at the traffic from about 700 feet up. It then went over the hills and disappeared. We could see it with binoculars, and it had a bright halogen like head light, and a green light on the back with a red light above it. On the back were 2 white lights, with a red light underneath each one. It looked like an observer. The red light blinked very faintly. After this one had left, we didn’t see anymore that night. We left to pick up some food.;37.4775;-122.4505
