Saw a boomerang shaped, grey, HUGE, object pass at about 45 degrees from the horizon. It was gliding to the south east direction. More ;1999-11-16 21:00:00;30 seconds;Saw a boomerang shaped, grey, HUGE, object pass at about 45 degrees from the horizon. It was gliding to the south east direction. More to the south than the east.  Was on the phone to my husband at the time and explained what I was seeing. Only one craft of a medium to light grey color.  As it glided to the south east I lost site of it because it then blended into the night sky.  It flew in a straight line, no noise, and no lights on it.  My husband told me to explain to him how large it was in proportion to the Moon.  The Moon at the time was half full, I invisioned it to be full, and told him the span of the wings were twice the span of the Moon.  I saw a Stealth Bomber fly over the Indy 500...It reminded me a bit of that.  This though, from my vantage point was shaped more like a boomerang, and very-very large.  I am female and 46yrs. of age.;42.6626;-83.1837
Sawjagged brown / metallic object rotating in sky - hovering then accelerating and moving - saw it through binoculars.;2008-07-05 20:15:00;5 minutes;Sawjagged brown / metallic object rotating in sky - hovering then accelerating and moving - saw it through binoculars. 7/4/08:  Approx 7pm. Saw a star illuminated in the daylight sky.  Thought it was a satellite, but it didn't move.  How could we see this in broad daylight?!?   7/5/08:  Approx 8pm. Having dinner outside, my wife and I spot something floating in the sky - thought it was a balloon based on the orange flame we could see.  Got binoculars and there is no doubt in our mind that this was NOT a balloon and not man made.  It was rotating horizontally and looked like a jagged brown boulder.  It was most likely reflecting light as opposed to being illuminated or a flame.  No wings or propellers in sight, no noise.  It seemed to go slowly across the sky then pick up speed.  Was traveling east to west against the clouds and typical wind.  We've tried to justify this as a helium party balloon floating, but, as well educated people, we can't.  We do not believe this to be man made in any way.  Rochester Hills, MI 48306 Location in northern Oakland County mear Oakland Township.;42.6626;-83.1837
UFO Flying Wing - Shape shifting;2008-12-07 12:30:00;3 minutes;UFO Flying Wing - Shape shifting This event happened in the bright , cloudless afternoon sky of Michigan- metro Detroit.  I was fueling my car with everyone else under the gas staition canopy roof.  I was standing at the edge of the canopy and with the fuel running I jumped over quick to look at the paper headline in the box then went back to tend the fueling and on the way back something caught my eye high up in the sky.  I had to look again to see if it was moving at all.  It was. It was drifting slowly in my direction and now it looked closer to the Earth  Then when I first noticed it about 20 seconds ago.  It looked fairly small. 2-5 feet across.  About 200-300 feet up.  The object made no sounds.  It was drifting in the wind direction basically but not completely.  It was if the wind was not affecting it.  It moved much slower than the winds which were fairly heavy this day.  The sky was cloudless as the wind had blown everything away. The object looked at first like a flying wing.  But it had more than one wing.  It had wings which changed shape, position and in number about once or twice a second not in a mechanical way but almost in a random way.  The wings also were colored in sections and these sections continually changed like a prism changes in the sunlight.  They would also stay one color in the wing and then a new wing shape and direction sprouted and a new color came up.  Sometimes there would be two or more stripes of color in the same wing until the new shape came in.  When this object was the closest to me I could see a streaky gray plasma type cloud hanging from it like a tail.  The bottom of it came to a point and there was movement in it like a swirling effect from bottom to top.  As it passed overhead the plasma tail became invisible to me. The object left my view as it passed over the rain canopy I was fueling my car under.  This event up till now has taken about 60 seconds. I had paid with a credit card so I didn't have to go in and pay.  I pulled the car around and out from under the canopy and stuck my head out the window to see it again and it was still up there drifting away and now looked slightly higher again.  The plasma tail was visible again.  It was still heading slowly in the same direction but still seemed to wander slightly unaffected by the wind speed.   I watched it for another 20-30 seconds before it left my sight.;42.6626;-83.1837
Numerous red/orange floating balls in night sky;2012-08-17 23:45:00;8 minutes;Numerous red/orange floating balls in night sky 8/17/2012  11:45 p.m. Rochester Hills, MI  48309  Clear skies, visibility 10 miles, light breeze NNW 6 mph  I was taking the dog out for the night.  I happened to look up very slight to the west sky (estimate angle of view 20 degrees from vertical/directly overhead) and saw a number of red/orange balls of light ‘floating’ at unknown altitude in the direction of the wind (NNW), but more quickly than the light breeze.  Initially, there were some half dozen or more in my line of sight.  At least one suddenly disappeared, as if a switch was thrown.  I did not see any flashing of lights only a steady red/orange glow.  The size of the balls were similar to if one were to hold their hand straight out from their face holding a dime against the sky.  They all appeared to be the same size, suggesting also same altitude. Looking to the NNW sky, I saw many of these same objects approaching and flowing in steady procession, most of which were in line, however several were to either side of the main line.  The procession continued for several minutes.  Their speed appeared constant, with a velocity that would cause one to traverse the entire sky, horizon to horizon, in perhaps one minute.  Again, they were all of similar size and color. I awoke my wife, and she witnessed three of the objects in full view. The first procession/grouping that I witnessed numbered approximately 50 or more.   The time span of this was about 5 to 8 minutes, and my wife caught the very last of these.  A few minutes later I returned outside to take another view of the sky and saw several more before they all disappeared, and I saw no more of them. While outside with my wife, I witnessed a bright flash of white light in the north sky.  By bright, I mean it was a quick, intense flash, as if a light bulb suddenly burned out and ‘flashed.’ I happened to be looking right at that particular area of sky at that moment, as that is where the procession of red/orange objects originated from.  There was no evidence of any planes in that area of the sky.  After the flash of light (which I can only liken to a camera flash), there was no more activity I saw in that area of the sky. It was the only flash I saw.  I am at a loss to explain it. The objects were completely silent.  I could not (nor could my wife) hear anything at all that resembled propeller or jet aircraft noise. I had a 3 watt LED flashlight with me when I was viewing the objects, prior to awakening my wife.  At one point prior to my wife arriving outside, I saw a ‘shadow’ floating overhead, and I immediately put my flashlight upon it.  This flashlight is bright, but it is a small hand held light with perhaps only a 150 meter effective range.  I was able to place the light directly upon the shadow and illuminate the underside of it.  It appeared to be a flat, disk shaped object, but oddly the trailing edge seemed to have more of a heart shaped appearance (e.g. a stencil heart that a child might draw with a pencil).   This object was very low, given my light’s ability to cast light upon it.  It vanished a mere two seconds after I put light upon it.  I did not see where it went it simply vanished from view.  At the time, it had passed directly over me, and was moving quickly toward the southern sky. I live in the traffic pattern/approach to an airport, to the west of my home.  Air traffic never comes over from north to south, and I am quite aware of what airplanes in the night sky look and sound like from the ground.  These were not planes.  I have never before seen anything like this.  Nor has my wife.;42.6626;-83.1837
