Triangle shaped UFO over Rochester Hills, MI in the summer over '95;1995-05-26 01:00:00;10-15 min;Triangle shaped UFO over Rochester Hills, MI in the summer over '95 I heard Peter Davenport on Coast to Coast AM, went to your sight, and was curious of a sighting I had when I was 10 years old, that I've told few people about.   I did a search in your data base and came to this report, http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/026/S26648.html.   Almost exactly what I saw, and I felt like I had to give you my story. I do not remember what day this happened, but 26 May '95 (as in the report above) seems very plausible. In the summer of  '95 I was awakened (about 1 AM) by the window next to my bed vibrating by a deep note (sounded like some type of engine, but at a very low frequency).  I opened the window to stop the vibration, and looked out south towards Avon Rd. and Livernois Ave. in Rochester Hills, MI and saw a giant triangle UFO.  My house was right next to two 'busy' streets, at least 10 cars a minute during the night, during this I did not see one car the whole time the UFO was in the sky. At each one of the corners, there was a colored ball, greenish, set into the craft.  It looked like a propulsion system, it seemed like something (a liquid) was flowing within the pods. I don't know how big it was, I had nothing to compare it to, somewhere between 250 m  and 1500 km long, and three-quarters again as wide, and the depth was about one-third of the width, like an isosceles triangle, or an arrowhead.  Traveled very slowly E to W. It seemed blocky, like it was back engineered alien technology.  It didn't have the sleekness that is usually attributed to UFOs, though I am not an expert. Within one month of this sighting (I didn't put two and two together for several years) I found a bump on the back of my neck.  Went to the doctor to check it out, he had no idea what it was.  He brought in other colleges to check it out, they were clueless as well.  The told me that it seemed harmless but that I should go see another doctor, which I never did.  It is still there, 13 years later, hasn't cause me any harm that I know of, but it does seem to be shrinking in size (or maybe I just grew). ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting may be approximate.  PD));42.6626;-83.1837
Large triangler ufo spotted in Michigan.;1995-05-26 18:00:00;1O:OO MINS.;Large triangler ufo spotted in Michigan. My wife,kid`s and I were headed south on rochester rd.when I spotted a object in the sky headed northeast.As the object and our car came close together the object became a very large triangle shape with different colored light on it.While we were driving toward`s it we seen car`s on both side`s of the rode pulled over looking up at these object.I pulled onto a dirt rode to the east right underneath the object and got out too look at it.The object was about 3 to 4 hundred yard`s above us.There was no noise at all coming from the object.I felt like I was numb when the object went over and then I felt normal agian.There was a pick-up truck following it throught the feild at a northeast direction.The object moved very slowly.It felt like forever for it to past over and go out of sight.My wife and I have only told afew people about this.Most people are non-beleiver`s,my wife was until this happen to us she doesn`t like to talk about it.I know I seen this as for the other 20 or more people that was there.I would like to confirm or talk or read about this sighting.I have seen this object on television the name they called was (Vulcan)I do have this show on tape I recorded 2 year`s ago.;42.6626;-83.1837
I spotted a floating object in the sky with 3 yellow lights in the shape of a trianagle, that disappeared into the clear night sky.;2010-08-06 00:00:00;15 seconds;I spotted a floating object in the sky with 3 yellow lights in the shape of a trianagle, that disappeared into the clear night sky. North of my home, between 22:00 and 23:00 in Rochester Hills, Michigan, while standing on my porch, I saw three yellow lights with a thin and faint beam of light connecting the three to form a triangle shape.  The lights were about the size the size of stars in the sky, they were clearly not stars due to their color and movement.  From where I stood the figure was smaller than the side of the moon, but larger than a commercial airplane in the sky. The figure appeared to be slowly hovering, moving from the east to the west.  I watch it until it seemed to glimmer out of sight, as if it were slipping behind a cloud. I didn’t hear any sounds. The sky, however, was clear that night. After the object disappeared I went back inside. About an hour later I went back outside onto my porch and looking in the direction of where I had last seen the figure in the sky. I saw three thin clouds which clearly appeared to be contrails from a jet of some sort, each coming from where I had seen the small lights earlier. ((NUFORC Note:  Source indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.6626;-83.1837
Triangular object with bright white lights on each corner and faint light and blinking light in middle;2012-02-09 00:47:00;2-3 minutes;triangular object with bright white lights on each corner and faint light and blinking light in middle The triangular object was flying in a straight line, looked about 300-400 feet high.  It had 1 bright white light on each corner of the triangle, and had a faint white light in the middle with a blinking light.   There was only 1 object, it was flying above an area with houses and trees, northwest of south blvd. and livernoise rd. in Rochester hill, mi.  Tried to take picture but I was driving and couldn't get my phone camera working fast enough;42.6626;-83.1837
Solid Bright white triangular shape with short beams of lights emitting from all angles.  This moved in a steady, fast pace.;2017-07-24 23:00:00;30 seconds;Solid Bright white triangular shape with short beams of lights emitting from all angles.  This moved in a steady, fast pace. A triangular shaped, bright - totally lit up with rays of light beaming a short distance from it in all angles,  UFO passed high ubove me toward the northeast.  Silent.  Super bright white.  It quickly moved out of sight at a steady, fast pace.  From the beginning of viewing upon entering and exiting, my backyard trees blocked it from my view.  From my view it was about as big as a 1 1/2k diamond - with beams of light shining out to double its size.   About 2 minutes later a helicopter passed overhead in a southeast path. I am a graphic artist with many yeas experience in the newspaper business.;42.6626;-83.1837
