Flying object coming out of field. Hovering for 5 mins. Then leaving.;2012-10-01 20:00:00;5 minutes;Flying object coming out of field. Hovering for 5 mins. Then leaving. My friend and I were driving now a dirt road.  There was a corn field on both sides of us. No houses were near by.  As we kept driving, my friend, pointed out something coming up from out of the field to on our right hand side.  I looked out the window and didn't see anything. He told me to look up in the sky. I looked up into the sky and saw lights.  I yelled and told him to stop the car now.  He stopped the car and I got out as fast as I could.  I started recording the object. It was roughly about 50 feet in the air and increasing height.  It seemed to be hovering up slowly (2mph+). I got my iPod out and started to record it.  From what I saw it had a circular shape, with blackness around it, and lights around the blackness. It had bright red and yellow/white lights.  It started to hover over us and go south.   We jumped in the car and started to follow it.  Once we started to follow it the object started to speed up gradually.  As we got a mile down the road the object was no where in sight.  I then checked my iPod to watch the recording.  My iPod had some sort of malfunction and shut off while I was recording. It would not turn on.   About 10 minutes later my iPod rebooted and the video was not there.  My friend and I freaked out and did not know what to do. We kept going towards are desination despite of what we saw. When we reached the nearby town we noticed flashing lights.  We investigated the town and found that a house in town was caught up in flames.  The fire department was trying to put it out.  I do not know exactly what it was, but I know for a fact that it was a flying object with lights and it was something I have never seen in my life.  I have never seen a flying object fly the way that did that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.7675;-84.9859
