White or translucent/oscillating donut shaped UFO observed hovering for 5 minutes before vanishing;2019-06-28 21:30:00;5 minutes;White or translucent/oscillating donut shaped UFO observed hovering for 5 minutes before vanishing Walking back to my house from my barn, I observed a round, white object hanging in the near sky above my house.  I estimate the distance to be several thousand feet up in the air.  A jet had passed over about 5 minutes before and was very high in the sky, unlike the object.  It was high, but not like a plane. The object was bright white, or white-translucent, or oscillating.  The shape was circular with a hollow center, like a donut.  Also, it seemed to be hanging in the air at an angle, like you would tilt a hat on your head – it wasn’t horizontal.  Direction was North, I live at the 45th parallel in what locals call ‘Northwest Lower Michigan’. The object was hanging in the air and there was no sound, and I observed it for 2 minutes when I went inside my house to get binoculars.  The binoculars revealed a closer look at the object, which I estimate to be the size of a minivan.  I watched the object, switching between unassisted eyesight and the binoculars for 5 minutes.  Towards the end of the time I observed the object, a single red light appeared on its West facing side.  I returned to my house to lay the binoculars down, and when I returned a moment later, the craft was gone. I telephoned the local Coast Guard at approximately 11:30PM the same evening, who told me “they hadn’t seen anything” and advised me to call the police.  I telephoned the police non-emergency the next morning (today) and was met with similar disinterest and doubt. I Google searched ‘donut shaped UFOs’ and came across a NASA link that looks very much like what I believe I saw:   https://www.express.co.uk/news/science/617569/WATCH-Now-International-Space-Station-spots-bizarre-donut-UFO-that-vanishes   The weather last night was clear and warm, it was still light and no stars had yet appeared;44.5802;-85.5297
