Two sighting, including a single floating orb, and the other including three orbs in a triangular formation.;2011-02-02 20:00:00;10-20 Minutes;Two sighting, including a single floating orb, and the other including three orbs in a triangular formation. Me and two other friends were leaving my house to go to a convenience store at 8 PM.  It was completely dark outside, and we noticed a object in the sky. It appeared to be a bright orb slowly floating about in the sky. It was above the Golden Beach area in Charlotte Hall.  Its light puslasted slowly at different intensities, and clearly was not a star. A later observation concluded that the object was below cloud level.  It moved to many different positions in the night sky in the duration of the sighting. It observed no typical aerial movement attributed to planes or helicopters, and it did not have any wing lights, or any light attributed to any normal aircraft.  It was in the sky for hours - Long enough to have one of my buddies with a high quality camera to come over and photograph and videotape it AFTER we came back from the convenience store. Meanwhile, about 5-10 minutes into our drive towards the Wawa in Charlotte Hall,  (This was after the initial orb si! ghting) we observed three of the same orbs in a triangular formation about halfway up the size of a cell phone tower like this one (http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/68/Nyakrom_OneTouch_Cell_Phone_Tower_Vodaphone.jpg) in the sky.  These objects then exhibited the odd behavior of producing smaller lights. These were very hard to see while not focusing on them.  They moved very fast, revolving around the larger, bright orbs.   After this, the large objects dissapeared one after another. (Another friend in another place in the county was observing the same object and reported them to dissapear at the same time I saw my glowboys dissapear.) At least 5 people witnessed this event from different locations. When we returned to my house, we proceeded in photographing the inital object we saw. (It was still there, just in a slightly different position in the night sky.) I did not lose sight of the object, and ended up just going to bed a few hours later. It would be import! ant to note that during these sightings, airplanes and helicop! ters wer e observed flying in close proximity of the ufos. I can provide names and contact information of the other witnesses, as they would be glad to validate this claim.;38.4785;-76.8049
