My friend had been saying for the last week that he had seen the object in the sky, but ofcourse knowone believed him. Until last night;2002-07-16 21:00:00;about 45 minutes;My friend had been saying for the last week that he had seen the object in the sky, but ofcourse knowone believed him. Until last night when he came to the house around 21:00 and said come outside and look because i am not crzy. So me and six other people that were at the house went onto the front porch and there it was, it was a triangular very bright light hovering in the sky there was blue lights coming out of each side in a downward shape, and a red light coming out of the top. You could tell it was moving in a circular motion because the red and blue lights would change position. The object stayed in the same place for 30-45 minutes, we all went inside to get a soda by the time we come back outside which was maybe 5-6 minutes later, the object was nowhere in sight, there was no sound of any sort. This object was not a plane or hellicopter, or weather balloon, and I was not a believer of the whole UFO thing but I promise you this was nothing that was from this world and if it was I would like to know how they can get something to hover for that amount of time and then just dissapear with no sound or anything..Well I am gonna look for it again tonight, i will report any more sightings online. thanks;35.4830135593221;-86.4626745762713
On April 14th,Iowa's up late as usual,well I looked at the clock and saw how late it wastherefore,I decided to smoke one more cigarett;2021-04-14 04:05:00;Minutes;On April 14th,Iowa's up late as usual,well I looked at the clock and saw how late it wastherefore,I decided to smoke one more cigarette outside because I have a baby inside my household. I opened my balcony door,and I saw 3 LIGHTS in the shape of a small triangle it appeared.I know it sounds crazy,but the closest I can compare the movement of the sequence of lights I saw was a fidget spinner.It moved in a zoom like pattern in 3 different directions.As I stretched my eyes to assure that I wasn't seeing a potential drone,I saw what can be compared to some kind of projectile scanner. It was a sequence of patterns and as I looked closer out of disbelief the craft zoomed closer to me.I felt like it noticed me staring at it,so I backed up a step,and I saw another sequence of patterns,in a green beam like structure,but it was see through as if it were a spider's web,or something cosmic out of a Doctor strange movie.I lost my cool,and tried to throw my cigarette, ! and run inside, but it COMPLETELY DISAPPEARED...I WAS LOOKING DIRECTLY AT IT AND THE SEQUENCE OF THE BEAM AND IT DISAPPEARED. I instantly got a headache and I don't remember even laying down.The next morning I told 3 people I know this sounds crazy,but I gave a specific description,and promised not to mention it unless it comes up,well the NEXT DAY THE PENTAGON spotted a very similar object.I am willing to take a polygraph and I honestly don't feel alone, I feel like a total idiot,but I KNOW what I saw,and I know inside of my house since then, I do not feel alone and am scared for my family, but I noticed very tall shadow movements in my apartments like 7 or 8feet presence and I am totally freaking out. Please help me find peace with this, and I will GLADLY take a polygraph because I know what color, patterns, and moments that I have seen;35.4830135593221;-86.4626745762713
