As me and my brother talked about flying I just happened to notice a broth star in the south west of were I was sitting. I began to see;2017-07-11 22:30:00;0.43;As me and my brother talked about flying I just happened to notice a broth star in the south west of were I was sitting. I began to see these bright lights to appear in order starting north to south one after another.  Then in sequence they all start to disappear.  This all happened within a matter of 5 10 seconds.  Then, 10 min later, they reappear just ME or me same situation.   And for the third time I was able to get them on video and this is what I recorded;32.8402;-104.4058
Five orange, and yellowish circular lights appeared in the night sky.;2019-06-05 21:26:00;17 seconds;Five orange, and yellowish circular lights appeared in the night sky. My wife, myself, and the neighbors we were visiting had just stepped outside onto their porch.  We were standing there talking about how great the weather felt and was looking at the stars.  My wife said, Do ya'll see that?  Our neighbor said, I am glad someone else is seeing stuff.  Yet when I looked and my buddy we did not see anything and said its probably just an airplane or a bright star.  My wife said, There were lights and they did not look like airplane lights or stars.  I of course am, was, very skeptical and said (thinking she thought she saw a UFO), Well I don't see anything.   Then right in front of us, up in the sky, we witnessed these yellowish, orangish circles of light.  They appeared out of nowhere. First one, then another up and to the left of the first one, then they multiplied.  There were all the sudden three circles of lights above and two below.  Then the three upper circles of light merged.  The lower circles then combined to one.  The two upper circles then became side by side.  Then one moved quickly in front of the other in a straight like fashion. Then the lower circle of light disappeared, then the one above it, and then the last upper one disappeared.  Just like someone was switching the lights off.  And switching the lights off what exactly?  After seeing that, I sat outside of our home for quite a while.   Then all the sudden it looked like a shooting star fell and that was all I saw the remainder of the time I sat out there.  I must have stayed out there for a good four hours just looking in the direction where I saw the circles of light.  It was like something out of a movie, I have never seen anything like it.  It was a feeling of fear, excitement, anxiety all rolled into one.  I went inside my house and googled anything I could find on this kind of phenomenon, then watched hundreds of youtube videos.  Which lead me to the National UFO Reporting Center. I even called Peter at the center.  I was and still, am just trying to wrap my! head ar ound what I experienced.  This all happened in Artesia New Mexico which is 57 miles south of Roswell New Mexico.  Another reason I was so skeptical.  I have always thought it was a humongous scam, UFO's and Aliens.  I am not so skeptical any longer.  I know what I saw was no airplane, no star, no kind of technology, at least none I have ever witnessed before. I do have everything I explained recorded on my phone.;32.8402;-104.4058
