As I was driving back from a nightclub with my girlfriend I saw in the sky what seem to be an airplane, but what called my attention wa;2004-07-10 05:30:00;45 minutes;As I was driving back from a nightclub with my girlfriend I saw in the sky what seem to be an airplane, but what called my attention was the speed and the colors. I was traveling on 95 Interstate Highway North going in my car at about 60 or 70 mph I told my girlfriend look at that! there they are.....! I told you!..... waaaooooo I was so shocked i keept repeating do you see it? and of course she said yes.... Its amazing. At that point I was getting close to my apartment complex. I stooped at a red light and took a good look at it. It seemed to me as a bright star but not quite since stars look distant and very small. This type of star was close to the moon and when you looked at it for more than a minute it would radiate like tentacles of light that changed colors from green, to orange, to red and then go back into the color of a star... white. I then drove home got inside my apartment and when I opened the door to my balcony my brother and his friend scream out come watch this I then got goosebumps and told him  We saw it too. I realized for certain that it was a UFO. I grabbed my brothers binoculars and it was diffucult to put together a shape but the colors were glowing still. I was Happy and scared a very weird feeling.I just wonder if anybody else saw them.... thats why I came into this web site! I can say now i saw a UFO and I beleive they exist!;25.9573;-80.1375
8 oval objects traveling in a loose formation at approximately 500mph.  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness is airline pilot.  PD));2011-05-14 17:30:00;20 seconds;8 oval objects traveling in a loose formation at approximately 500mph This was in daylight, and they were definitely solid objects. There were exactly eight of them, and they were in two groups of 3 each, and then there were 2 more trailing behind.   They were traveling pretty much due north, and I spotted them when they were due west of me.  Unfortunately, they were actually at their CPA when I first saw them, and so the best part of the sighting was right at the beginning. The sky beyond them was a pale yellow, and consisted of a smokey overcast back-illuminated by the sun, which was fairly low in the sky.  (We've been having huge brush fires out west in the glades, and so for the last three days or so, the sky has been a brownish overcast most of the time, and you can smell smoke most of the day...)    The objects themselves were between 1 and 2 miles away.  (It's hard to estimate the distance because they were just silhouetted against the sky, and there were no buildings or mountains or anything to use as a gauge.)    Similarly, the altitude was between 2000 and 5000 feet by my best guess.  If they were 1 mile away, then they were at about 2000 feet.  If they were more like 2 miles away, then the altitude was probably about 5000 feet.  (If they were any farther than that, then they were HUGE.  But by the way they were moving so deftly around each other, I got the impression that they were only about 30-40 feet in diameter.)    Their color was indeterminate, and as they were silhouetted against the yellow sky, they appeared black or dark gray. Their speed was MUCH faster than any aircraft would be normally traveling at that altitude.  Of course, if they were high and far enough away for 500 mph to be a normal speed, then their size would have been in the neighbourhood of several hundred feet across.  There was also no sound whatsoever.  And if by some chance they were propelled by air-breathing engines, then there would have definitely been a substantial sound made by eight aircraft at that approximate distance, moving at that approximate speed.  As it was though, there was no sound whatsoever.  They moved completely silently, and with a sort-of slippery type of motion. They were not travelling in perfectly straight lines.  But instead, they were zig-zagging slightly, which was causing their relative positions in their loose formations to change substantially as they moved across the sky.  Each of the groups of three remained intact, although the relative positions of the various crafts within each group seemed to change, almost as though they were trading places with each other within the formation. The total length of time of the sighting was about 20 seconds. There were dark, ominous clouds to the north, and about halfway through the sighting, the background changed from pale yellow to a bluish-gray color, and they became harder to see at that point.  They were not only getting farther away with each passing second, but there was much less contrast between them and the background sky once they left the pale yellow area. I am a former airline pilot with approximately 12,000 hours, and I've flown equipment ranging from Cessnas to Boeing 727's.  I have 20/10 distant vision, and I am absolutely certain that the objects I witnessed were not helicopters, balloons, blimps, birds, floating debris carried by the wind, or any type of fixed-wing aircraft.;25.9573;-80.1375
