It was the summer of 1975. I was 11 years old. At the parental urging of my mother, she had insisted that I clean my room spotless that;1975-06-15 23:00:00;unknown;It was the summer of 1975. I was 11 years old.  At the parental urging of my mother, she had insisted that I clean my room spotless that day, which I did, carefully organizing my clothes and closet, hanging my posters, sorting my books, etc.  I was proudly sitting on my newly made bed.It was very dark and still.  The windows to my right were wide open with creme eyelet light weight curtains.  I leaned against my headboard and was getting ready to turn on my light to read, I was not sleeping or under the blankets.  I had noticed how still it was, not even a cricket or frog noise.  We lived in a house on the lake and there was always noise. It was extremely quiet. I heard it first. A slight roaring sound, almost like a semi truck or helicopter whooshing sound. My curtains were suddenly standing straight out and the light was coming through, passing across my bed to fall on the opposite wall.  The wierd thing was that it was like it was passing through a grating or window blinds. long lines of light traveling up my wall, not down, as though something was ascending and turning its lights up into my window. The noise was almost deafening. The wind was messing up everything in my room I had just spent hours on, papers were flying, my posters were being blown/sucked from the wall, books flying, etc. I dont know how this next part came to be, but suddenly they were in my room. At that point all I could see were 4 small creatures. Now in my adulthood, I would describe them as the typical &quotgreys&quot only they seemed to be a little heavier in weight. I could see one was rifling through my closet, clothes were being pulled from hangers and tossed aside, just like they were curious to see what was in there. Another stood over by my closed door, watching, and looking down at the foot of my bed there were 2 more, their hands resting on the end of the bed, not much taller than the edge of the bed, and they were just watching me with round black eyes. I remember trying to move, to scream but was unable to, doing nothing but turn my head a bit from side to side, up and down. I sensed something else next to me, above me. Turning my head up and to the left there was another creature. This one was different, more ant looking and taller, more brownish in color. I could see pupils in its eyes. It was standing over me menacingly, suddenly with a quick movement its face was right in mine, just inches from my face, its eyes looking at me as if to study what I was thinking. It brought a 3 fingered and 1 thumb hand up and lay it across my nose and partially my eyes. I dont know what happened after that. The next morning as I remembered what had happened, I found myself sitting on the side of my bed, still clothed from the nite before, bed unslept in. Looking around the room, it was a total mess, papers, books clothes, etc. everywhere. I ran out my bedroom door to find my mother. I asked my mother, &quotMom, did you see and hear that huge noise and lights last nite? I thought an airplane crashed or a semi was coming through the side of the house&quot. I didnt want to get detailed about what I thought may have just happened to me I didnt want her to think I was making it up or crazy. She had heard nor seen nothing out of the ordinary. I told her that the wind was so big it made my curtains stand straight out and blew my room all over the place. She felt this was just an excuse and said I was making it up because I hadnt cleaned my room as she had told me to. But I had. I had cleaned it spotless. I never told her what really happened. A few days before this incident, I was looking into the night sky and saw what I cn only describe as dancing stars, tiny points of light looping and dancing around each other. Years later, approximately 1982. I had a 3rd experience. Something followed me part of the way home as I drove the back roads home. It kept beside me hovering above the big corn field along the side of the road appearing to be a glowing green oval shaped light about twice the size of the car. If I slowed it would go ahead a little bit and stop and wait for me to keep driving. As I neared the end of that road to turn onto another, it disappeared from my view. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.1784;-85.4658
