Driving to buy a car....on the highway about three miles before the exit for stratford. I looked to my left to see a disc that was like;2008-11-23 04:00:00;6 HOURS;Driving to buy a car....on the highway about three miles before the exit for stratford. I looked to my left to see a disc that was like reflecting metal or a mirror in the sky. Freaking out slightly I kept it in my head the sun was on the opposite side of the sky starting to set also round. But it sat there and riding down the highway the trees were passing in front of it. Then it was gone. Scanning the sky rationalizing some type of weather anomaly I looked up and there it was.... very close. Helicoptors were coming from all directions at it. Then it disappeared. So at that point I lost it....my bf was driving telling me to calm down it was nothing. I looked back and it was far back in the distance and there were helicoptors upwards of ten surrounding and coming in on it......then it was gone....  Getting off the highway... I was just contemplating all the thoughts of what it could be in my head....  We arrived at the house to look at a used saab for me and we took a test drive. I was in the back seat. We went down a long road and I saw this huge gated factory. I asked the woman what it was...she said sikorsky airport they manufactur helicoptor engines. So there was my answer...reflection of a test helicoptor. Maybe some type of directional things in the sky for the testing of the helicoptors..... there was my answer....  So we bought the car and left it there untill we obtained the paper work... we drove off in my bf rx7 and missed the highway we saw a small diner and the lights on and in the car were dimming so my bf backed into to look at the car....looking out the front window I saw the biggest brightest circle/disc and it was close really close...and helicoptors were swarming it circling it and more and more were coming across the sky at it....then it was just gone.....blink of an eye...so now I am losing it....and the car is fine so we take off back in the direction we came. Then it happened again the car was bucking lights going off everything..... then it went dead. It was freezing...I pressed my faced up against the window to see what looked like the same ufo (call it that now :) and I literally opened the door falling out from excitment.....It was cold and the ground was frozen and muddy....I was just staring into this disc that looked like it was sitting on the tree tops...no sound....helicoptors flew in all around it and they were coming from all directions the yard I was in went up a hill and it started to move very very slowly unlike before...I saw it move and the helicoptors moved with it....all I could here was them and barking dogs......I couldn't see cause the street lights were out were we broke down.....I ran looking up crying my eyes out from happiness disbelief some type of spiritual experinece...idk but I ran as fast as possible in my heels sticking throught the ice and mudd and it went up over the hill and disappeared....I could still hear the helicoptors so it was still there....I was disappointed it was gone....I turned around to walk back and in the sky far in the distance was 20 to 30 of the same disc/circles in what looked like a pattern sitting in the sky....but further away cause they were smaller....then they started blinking out or flying away (not visible to the eye) just gone....they were all gone.. The lights helicoptors everything......  I am so a believer now...it's not funny. I want to go back and sit around the same area to see if it is something that I can rationalize with that is common to us or something that is so unidentified openly and get the proof.....if anyone would believe me. You know I honestly told two people because I knew that everyone would think I was joking or losing it.....;41.2070745454546;-73.125350909091
