V shaped UFO tracked for miles by Ct residents  (Hudson Valley Connected);1983-09-15 21:00:00;45 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Date of the event is approximate, although the witness probably is correct in his recollection of the date.  The first major sighting to occur in a series of sightings, which later were to become known as the Hudson Valley Sighting, occurred on March 23, 1983, according to The Encyclopedia of Extraterrestrial Encounters, by Ronald D. Story.  [Please see the NUFORC website for details of that publication.]  The Hudson Valley sightings continued into the year 1984.  PD)) V shaped UFO tracked for miles by Ct residents  (Hudson Valley Connected) This sighting had taking place some time ago near the year 1983. It was witnessed by hundreds in Connecticut and I had later found out it was first spotted in Lond Island NY. I seems it was tracked form Long Island all the way to Waterbury CT. My sister had received a phone call from a friend saying there was a UFO comming towards our house and it had just passed her house. Well by the time we had gotten outside a few other calls must had been made because we were not the only ones out there. As we waited more people from the nieborhood came out to see what was going on. To my best count there were more than 25 people outside in the street just in our area. It did not take long for this object to appear. The houses in the area were all two story and pleanty of tree's that stood a bit higher blocked our vision so we all stood in the street that never reiced much traffic. As this object came into view over the houses no one spoke. There wasn't much to see as it blocked out the stars and the underside was lightless. No sound from the craft was herd as we looked upon it. You could make out shapes on the bottom but not clearly becuase of the lack of light and it all seemed to be the same color a dull dark grey almost black. It had taken a close to a minute to travel over us, it moved very slowly but steady. It seemed to be just over the tree tops wich made judging the size nearly impossible because you could not see all of it at once. Like I had said it just blocked out the stars as it passed over us like we wernt there. As it passed out of sight nobody said a thing and people just seemed to go back to there houses a bit stunned. My grandfather was ranting saying  there's no such thing as UFO's when we received the phone call but after it had passed by he hadn't said much. We went into the house and he turned on the am radio (WICC in Bpt) and we listened as people called in about this object in the sky. People tracked it all the way to Waterbury and it was said it followed Rt 8 all the way there causing traffic to stop. People got out of there cars on a highway to watch. As it hit Waterbury new reports came in saying it had lights on it and that it was V shaped, something I could not see for myself. The lights were reported as large white lights and it had hoverd there for some time as hundreds of people watched. If I am not mistaken it left at a very high rate of speed but I did not see this and my memory of what I had herd is a bit cloudy now. My reason for writting this now is to gather more information on this sighting. I would like to research this further along with a few other sightings around that time. What I need is the exact date and time. I am planing to go to the library to see what I can pull up. You see this sighting was so huge that the next day it was in all the news papers dressed up as a hoax. It was reported as five ultralight aircraft flying in tight formation with huge lights on them that had come out of a NY airport. I can't speak for the sightings in Waterbury but what I had seen was by no means explained away by this. I have researched a bit about the Hudson Valley Sightings and I believe these are all linked but this one was seen by far more people than any of them I had read about. I have read many of storys that revolved around this and one even went as far as to speak of the military shooting one down that came on regular intervuls in Long Island. Something of a plasma weapon used to take it down and it was tracked with dobblar radar ( a military radar before used weather forcasters, or so its said) I'm getting a bit off track here but if you have any information on this please post it here. It will be a great help to me... thank you.;41.2070745454546;-73.125350909091
TWO TRIANGLE CRAFTS NO SOUNDS OBSERVED,;2007-09-23 20:16:00;10 minutes;TWO TRIANGLE CRAFTS NO SOUNDS OBSERVED, I SAW TWO TRIANGLE SHAPED CRAFTS SILENTLY FLYING OUT THE EASTERN SKIES WITH RED AND GREEN BLINKING LIGHTS HEADING NORTH,;41.2070745454546;-73.125350909091
Saw a grey, triangular object with two lights hovering in the sky.;2011-03-26 00:50:00;5 minutes;Saw a grey, triangular object with two lights hovering in the sky. I was driving home from my girlfriend’s house and saw two lights low in the sky.  I thought that it was either a plan landing at the local airport or a large helicopter, such as a Black Hawk, from Sikorsky. However, as I turned down a street it seemed to change direction with me. I figured it wasn’t a plane then, so I rolled down my windows to hear if it was a helicopter.  Not a sound. I thought it might be a blimp then, but as I turned down another road it changed directions with me again. It came from my left side and hovered directly above me as I was driving no more than 200ft.  I had a clear view of this unknown object.  It was grey and triangular with the two lights on two points of the triangle. Trying to focus on the road I looked down and when I looked back up it was gone without a sound.  I couldn’t find any trace of it in the sky.   When I arrived home shortly after, I got out of my car and tried finding any moving object in the sky, but no such luck. If only I had gotten out of the car and taken a picture!;41.2070745454546;-73.125350909091
