The objects do change from one type to another.  They appear every night  rectangular,round, long stream of lights.;2017-03-17 00:30:00;ongoing-present;The objects do change from one type to another.  They appear every night rectangular, round, long stream of lights. This is a summary of what my husband and I have witnessed and observed on our home security camera system since March 17, 2017, when we first observed a strange rectangular string of very bright lights, attached to what appeared to be a metal bar, in the southwest corner of the backyard, picked by the video on camera #7.  The string of lights appeared to be an ordinary light one would have in a shop however, it is only visible on screen of the video recorder.  When we look outside, the lights cannot be seen with the naked eye. This summary does not address a single sighting, but is current and on-going almost nightly since April 8, 2017, when we first began to monitor and document observations of the nighttime activities, taking place around the property on a regular basis and have replayed and captured quite a few pictures and videos, documenting what we have observed today to date. Since we first began to observe closely on April 8, 2017, it has gone to another level in terms of the entire operation.  It appears that it has become an invasion of our property, now we are seeing strange creatures that cannot be described as humans as we know them.  They are very small in stature, fly in appearing as birds, brightly lit all over, and changing into circles and into small creatures with human characteristics in terms of movement, but definitely not human. When they come in they appear to be carrying out what appear to be specific  pre assigned tasks, prior to the larger equipment, consisting of very long strings of lights that appear to be controlled by something or someone to turn on and off periodically, as they approach the property.  Initially, they were coming from the trees on the west and the north sides of the house, only. Now they are coming from the southwest most of the time, and the West and North some of the time. There appears to be space ship! s and/or aircraft type objects characteristic of but different, i.e. Smaller, but able to light up a large area when they appear.  (Modes of travel) involved in the operations.  Sometimes the forerunners come in as a large brightly lighted circle or rectangular object.  From what we have observed, they come in as workers, here to do a job. They appear to be well coordinated and work in conjunction with the other objects as they come in.  As a part of the preparation, they appear to spray an unknown substance that look like snowflakes and appear to turn into hale or sleet resembling crystal flakes.  When they are in the completely screened pool area they release some type of substance into the water before the others come in.  Sometimes when it rains, we see many of something dive into the pool, which is completely enclosed, with no opening, except the locked doors. They have attempted to remove the small Weber grill from the pool area unsuccessfully. It is difficult to explain what we are personally seeing because it is monumental.  I must mention an incident that happened on May 6, 2017, at approximately 11:30PM when a laptop computer vanished from the reception room, while we were removing items from the car, which was parked right in from of the door.  The laptop was placed on a credenza inside of the reception area it disappeared and has not been seen since. On the morning of May 29, 2017, at 5:39AM, we were seeing family off who were taking a trip in their automobile we were in the driveway assisting them in re-arranging some of the articles in the car to make more room.  While we were outside, we did not hear or see anything or anyone, However, on replay of the video, The unidentified objects were flying all over our heads the whole time we were outside, approximately 30 minutes. I have looked for every possible logical explanation to understand what is going on.  Have researched the internet on aliens, demons, religion, witchcraft, national security, etc.   All I can explain is that the activities are very organized, comparable to an army, and there appears to be what I have determined to be the captain or director, who is always present.  Some time they appear to conduct air shows, with precision and formation. There are concerns about water and earth contamination as well as other concern.  We are looking for answers. ((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at all of the many photos the witness has submitted to our Center, and we see nothing in them that suggests to us the presence of a UFO.  PD));30.9684;-87.3176
