Los Angeles - Bright lights seen by 4 witnesses during shuttle reentry.  12-15 bright lights moved around the sky for 20 minutes.;2007-06-22 12:30:00;20 Minutes;Los Angeles - Bright lights seen by 4 witnesses during shuttle reentry.  12-15 bright lights moved around the sky for 20 minutes. From approximately 12:30pm-1pm on Friday, June 22, two of us left lunch to try to hear the sonic boom the space shuttle was to create as it entered the atmosphere.  The shuttle was set to land at 12:49pm at Edward’s Airforce Base, northeast of our location in Torrance, California.  We trained our eyes to the north in hopes of catching a glimpse of the shuttle (however improbable that might have been).  At 12:45 we hadn’t heard the boom so we went into the restaurant and turned on CNN.  The shuttle had yet to land so we went back outside.  When we looked to the north we saw what appeared to be 3 very bright lights following a dark object.  We assumed that we were looking at escort planes following the shuttle.  For about 2 minutes the lights followed the dark object in a triangle formation.  Suddenly 3 more lights appeared.  Several seconds later 3 more lights appeared and so on.  At one point there were about 15 very bright lights in the sky.  Two other people walked over and watched in amazement as these lights moved.  Most of them were moving from north to south but some appeared to alter their course, moving east and west.  After several minutes all but 3 lights disappeared, as did the dark object.  One light stayed fixed in the same position while two others passed overhead (at what appeared to be a very high altitude).  We thought that maybe something terrible had happened to the shuttle and we were looking at pieces of debris. We rushed back inside to see that the shuttle had safely landed.  When we went back outside the lights were gone.  Possible Explanations:  1) The lights could have been shiny balloons.  However:  -Some of the lights changed direction moving west and east.  Most were moving southeast.  -It was a sunny day and these objects were very bright in the sky.  The two that passed overhead were still bright as they passed near the sun.  -Some appeared to be moving in a triangle formation.  They split apart then came back together.  -They did not appear to be rising nor losing their intensity over time.  -The lights did not flicker like balloons would as they rotate in the sky.  2) The lights could have been airplanes. However:  -They were all the same size the whole time we observed them.  Even the lights that went overhead appeared to be the same size as the ones further away.  -They did not move like airplanes.  One stayed completely stationary throughout the 10-15 minutes we watched them.  Some moved quickly, others slowly.  -Two groups of 3 appeared and disappeared in unison.  -They were not reflective like airplanes.  Other planes going to and from LAX flew by and would only reflect light for several seconds at a time.  The two strange lights that passed between us and the sun stayed illuminated the whole time.  All of them were much brighter than you would expect from normal airplane reflections.  3) It could have been debris/fuel/waste from the shuttle.  However:  -The lights did not fade over time like you would expect to see from debris burning up.  -They did not leave a trail.  -Some lights were moving quickly while the single one remained stationary.  Some also appeared to fly in formation.  There were four of us that witnessed the event.  The only rational explanation we could come up with is that they were shiny, helium filled balloons.  I’ve seen balloons in the sky before and, because of the reasons I outlined earlier, I truly don’t believe in this hypothesis.  It is also a very strange coincidence that this would have happened at the same time and place the shuttle would have been reentering the atmosphere.  Did anyone else see anything like this?;33.8266129659643;-118.320688249594
Amber redish light over southern california;2011-12-04 01:35:00;10 min;amber redish light over southern california It was around 1:35 in the morning when my nephew went in to the house after droping his girlfrind home. He came in and asked me to come out side with him to look at this light he saw in the sky. We both went out side and started to check out the light. At the begining I thought it was a plane but then I notice that it was not since it didn't have any of the strobe light blinkers only the redish amber light surronding it. It moved straight really slowlly then it moved to the right it stoped for about 1 to 2 minutes, then it started to move left really slowly. We then saw that the craft starting to drop some kind of smaller lights the same color we counted about five or so. It was also making some king of pulsating huming noice. All of a sudden the lights went from amber red to bright white lights for about 15 seconds. The craft keeps moving east at a steady slow speed droping a few more amber lights then the craft started to get higher until it dissapear, unf! ortunately we did not have a camera to take pictures or video tape it.;33.8266129659643;-118.320688249594
3 to 5 orange lights hovering in night sky and then slowly rising and moving into clouds in a cyclic pattern.;2013-04-11 08:50:00;15 minutes;3 to 5 orange lights hovering in night sky and then slowly rising and moving into clouds in a cyclic pattern I was riding my bike home from tennis and stopped by Taco Bell to get something to eat at about 8.45 in the evening on April 11th 2013 in South Torrance, CA.  As I was leaving Taco Bell on my bike I noticed an orange object hovering in the sky to the south at about an angle of 45 degrees to me.  It seemed fairly close, and I would guess within a mile.  It was hovering over the hills just south of Pacific Coast Highway..  It was unusual I thought so I stopped riding my bike and began to watch it.  It stayed stationary for approximately a minute when it began to move slowly upwards into the sky which was slightly cloudy.  It got fainter as it got higher into the clouds until it was about to disappear.  During this rise I noticed a what I thought at the time was a plane flying low into view in the same general area off to the right.  As it got closer I realized it had the same coloration of the previous object.  An orange perhaps slightly red color.  it proce! eded to the same spot in the sky that the previous object had hovered and stayed there for perhaps a minute or so.  There were no blinking lights on either of these objects, just an orange color the shape of which I couldn't make out.  (I didn't have any glasses on which would have helped me to see them more clearly)  This second object too began to rise higher into the sky and about this time 2 more object flew into view to the lower right and proceed to the same spot in which the first two had hovered, and they too hovered in that spot for several minutes, both slowly moving while hovering.  These eventually disappeared also.  And I proceeded the remaining half mile to my apartments down the street.  I looked back before heading in, and saw another orange light of the same type in the same general area and watched it for about 5 minutes.  A person walked by as I was watching and asked me if I saw it too, and I said I did. I can only speculate on what I saw, but it is very intriguing and I hope to get more information on this sighting.  I at first thought it could be a hot air balloon, but then when it moved upwards into the clouds and others flew into the area I ruled this out. The other normal explanation I have thought of is that perhaps they were a group of people flying helicopters in a cyclic pattern for some unknown reason (Perhaps to simulate a UFO event).  I didn't see any red or green blinking lights in the objects, and I am not sure if I saw any white lights.  It was predominantly orange.  I do not remember hearing any noise coming from that direction, though I am not sure if I would have been close enough or not to hear any if they were helicopters.   When I got back to the hot tub at the apartment right after the sightings, I asked if any one else had seen them an one man in the hot tub said he had seen an orange object in the sky about 10 minutes earlier. The whole sighting ! laster perhaps 15 minutes.  There were at least 3 objects involved in this sighting and as many as 5.  I saw 3 at one time after the first disappeared, and the fifth 5 minutes later.;33.8266129659643;-118.320688249594
Bright lights over Torrance.;2015-11-28 14:20:00;90 seconds;Bright lights over Torrance. I drive for a ride sharing company.  I picked up a passenger, a girl in her late teens apparently, from the Del Amo Shopping Center in Torrance around 2pm.  Heading north on Hawthorne blvd., I noticed an extremely bright white light ahead, about 1000 ft. up.  (Bright like the reflection of the sun off a car on a sunny day.)  It headed east, about the speed of a helicopter.  I turned right on Redondo Beach Blvd., traveling east as well.   As I had a customer on board, I wanted to remain professional, and asked if it was okay if I pulled over for a second.  She complied.  I parked and stuck my head out the door.  The light was now stationary, at about an 80 degree angle from us and northeast.   I then noticed a second light to the right, stationary, at the same height.  This one displayed a lattice-like protrusion, with structure inside, but I could see the sky in between its spaces. This tail swung counterclock-wise from 2 to 7.  No sound from either.   I told my passenger to take a look and grabbed my phone to take a picture and video.  It didn't work, informing me that my SD card was full.  I know it had plenty of space. I hated to leave, but felt the need to get my passenger home safely.  She told me she took video on her phone! I had her send it to me and I will forward it as part of this report.   Later that night, my phone was able to take pictures again, but all the photos that had been stored on it were now gone.;33.8266129659643;-118.320688249594
Red, green ball of light moving sporadically, descending, hovering and ascending.  ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a star.  PD));2016-11-25 17:30:00;10 minutes;Red, green ball of light moving sporadically, descending, hovering and ascending.;33.8266129659643;-118.320688249594
Today at 15:15 my wife and I went to visit her mother and arrived there at 15:35. At 15:45 my son called us and said he could see a UF;2017-02-12 15:45:00;10 minutes;Today at 15:15, my wife and I went to visit her mother and arrived there at 15:35.  At 15:45 my son called us and said he could see a UFO back at my house 4.9 miles away, north of our location. I immediately went outside to look and asked him where to look in the sky, and he said north.  I couldn't see anything but looked for some point of reference and noticed an airliner taking off from LAX (it was climbing) some 10.7 miles away north west from our location at mother's in Torrance Ca. I asked him if he could see the jet and he said no but would go to the front yard to get an unobstructed view.  While he was moving from the back yard to the front I could see a flash that lasted about one second. The flash was about 60% the size of a full moon.  This object flashed three times and at three second intervals, and on the third flash I could see what appeared to be a star but in full daylight as it was a very bright white light. I then noticed a pinkish orange flash coming from the star object at three second intervals. My son came back on the phone and said it was on a collision course with the airliner which he could now see. The star object would flash for a second coast for three seconds and then flash again for a second.  At this point my eyes were adjusted and I could see a second identical object trailing the first.  It was also flashing pinkish orange but at two second intervals until it caught up with the first object. The scene left me with the impression it was dropping down from a higher altitude to a lower one.  The second star craft was as it was dropping down reminded me of a shooting flare much like a descending flare from a flare gun except it was bright white. When the two objects were even they both were flashing in complete unison as if they were mirror images of each other.  They were perfectly side by side and were headed from the northwest towards the southeast.  They gave me the impression like, they were skipping across the sky.  Like an ice skater, rhythmic and smooth. I told my son I could see two objects and they were headed towards me.  I looked at my watch and it was 15:50 and told my son to go to work because the incident distracted him from going to work.  He was suppose to be at work at 16:00 and he hung up the phone and went to work. The airliner was headed perfectly due east and I could see the airliner and star objects converge.  I almost expected a collision but the star objects were well above the airliner because one of the star objects was blotted out by the mass of the jet but for only a split second. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better a third object appeared as if it just dropped in on the other two objects.  The third object dropped in on the other two exactly like the second star object. I expected the third Starcraft to line up with the other two but it did not, it went into what I think was a kind of missing man formation.  It hung slightly back of the other two and at a distance double the distance of the first two objects. Had there been a fourth object lined up with the other three they would have been perfectly spaced.  Like this.  *   *   *   *  except the far right third object was slightly behind like this.          •  •         *  Size and Distance if a circle is 360 degrees and from horizon is 180 degrees then the the two objects were about 5 degrees apart and the third object at 10 degree and slightly back. My son sighted the first object at 15:40 I caught site of the first one at roughly 15:48 by 15:50 my son left for work he said he seen two and missed the third possibly because by 15:48 they were closer to me than him. The third object went back up and disappeared while the two continued southeast until I lost sight of them at about 15:55 due to the distance. They were almost directly over head and my neck is sore form looking up so long. They seemed too slow as by my estimation if you could have seen them from horizon to horizon it would have taken them 30 minutes to make that distance. Between my son and I we watched them for 15 minutes. Thank you for your work.;33.8266129659643;-118.320688249594
At just past 21:00  on Feb 14, I stepped outside to view the evening sky. Orion is usually up at this time. As I looked up I noticed;2017-02-14 21:00:00;3 minutes;At just past 21:00  on Feb 14, I stepped outside to view the evening sky.  Orion is usually up at this time.  As I looked up I noticed two lights moving from East to West South West.  The lights were In a forward and aft  arraignment, and there seemed to be some distance between the two.  Soon the aft light, swung to the left of the forward light and were about even with each other, then they just disappeared into the night sky. I heard no engine sound, and I saw no navigational lights. I could not tell at what altitude the lights were but they seemed very high. At about this same time a single engine monoplane came from the West, and it had navigation lights that I could see, although I don’t remember hearing it’s engine.;33.8266129659643;-118.320688249594
Super bright white objects hovering together slowly emitting energy or bright gas.((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD))((anonymous));2017-12-22 17:30:00;5-8 minutes;Super bright white objects hovering together slowly emitting energy field or bright gas. It was Friday, December 22, in Torrance, California, around 5:30 pm.  The sky was already dark (just after twilight).  I was stuck in pre-Christmas traffic driving North on Crenshaw Boulevard just east of a local Torrance Airport.  I looked toward west from my car window and saw a bright light which appeared to be a small airplane emitting contrails, but it looked odd since it was much brighter.  As I stared, what appeared to be contrails got thicker, and as the airplane (or what I thought was an airplane) gained its altitude, contrails became massive almost exploding, leaving a bright white gas in the air.  As I observed the object which kept moving in the direction of south east, it looked like it split into two separate objects which moved together.  It almost looked like the object in front was pulling the object in the back.  It was difficult to identify since both objects were super bright or surrounded like some kind of energy field.  The object which appear! ed to be being pulled kept emitting something because whatever it was, it was shooting out some kind of white gas or energy, making circular ripples in the air.   Other drivers were also looking up and taking videos or pictures (turning around by this time, since we were heading north in the opposite direction). Since traffic began moving,  I could not see what happened after that, but my husband and I both witnessed the incident along with many other drivers, and the objects were not airplanes.  They almost looked like they were floating, and no sound of engine or jets could be heard. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));33.8266129659643;-118.320688249594
