I don't know if it was a UFO...but I have never noticed a plane go in a straight line up so fast and with a red light leaving a trail o;2002-09-19 19:36:00;3minutes;I don't know if it was a UFO...but I have never noticed a plane go in a straight line up so fast and with a red light leaving a trail of haze like a fluorescent light bulb, all of the sudden stop and the red light dissapear and turn into a complete bright shape with bright lights....I run inside to get the camera and for my daughter to see it and when I run back was gone the only thing left was the trail of light and an aura...maybe I was having a dream ...but I know I am awake and that I took a picture. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch from Vandenberg AFB.  Please see article.  PD)) ((BEGIN ASSOCIATED PRESS ARTICLE ABOUT LAUNCH)) Air Force Test Missile Out West Fri Sep 20, 1:25 AM ET VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AP) - An Air Force missile test Thursday provided a spectacular light show seen over California and much of the West, as far away as Utah and New Mexico. The colorful contrail was seen soon after the unarmed Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile blasted off at 7:36 p.m. from an underground silo at the Vandenberg military base north of Santa Barbara. The smoke went up in spirals as the sun was setting and turned into an orange, amber color. It was like a flower going into bloom pretty quickly, said Simon Cox, who saw it from a restaurant terrace in Santa Barbara. The missile traveled about 4,200 miles in about 30 minutes, striking a predetermined target at the Kwajalein Missile Range in the western chain of the Marshall Islands, the Air Force said. Vandenberg spokeswoman Kelly Gabel said clear conditions were responsible for the spectacular light show. We do this two or three times a year, but because the weather was so perfect we decided to launch it early, Gabel said. As a result, people were still awake to see it, and although the sun had set, sunlight below the horizon glinted off unspent fuel particles and water droplets. Suddenly we're getting calls from people as far away as New Mexico who saw it and want to know what it is, Gabel said. The mission was directed by the 576th Flight Test Squadron at Vandenberg and the 341th Space Wing and the 341st Space Wing, from Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana. The purpose was to test launch systems and the missile's accuracy and reliability. ((END ARTICLE BY ASSOCIATED PRESS));33.8205999999995;-118.034
Orange/Amber Light seen from Cypress over Orange County Sky, turned & moved towards the beach.;2009-07-16 00:24:00;About 5 Minutes;Orange/Amber Light seen from Cypress over Orange County Sky, turned & moved towards the beach. Orange/Amber Light seen from Cypress over Orange County Sky, then moved towards the beach.  This is my fourth time seeing it, always after 11:30pm PST... Many people thought I was making it up until they got to see it too! (yes, I ran and got them so I wasn't alone starring at it.) Tonight my parents finally witnessed it! I ran through the house and woke them up. I rarely look to the skies at night searching for strange lights or objects, but it seems that when I check out what I think is Sirius (the brightest star I can see from our crappy smog infested, light polluted skies here in SoCal.) late at night,  lately I have seen this object... I just happen to catch this Orange object sometimes when I look towards that star. It flies higher than a normal plane would, has NO blinking lights, it sometimes changes from Orange/Amber to Red-ish color then back to Orange/Amber, and then blacks out for a few seconds then lights back up. The third time I seen the thing, it was hovering and flying lower than the second time, it change from like a round bar shape... to a perfect circle, (It would help to mention that I ran into the house and grabbed the binoculars before hand, so I was lucky enough to watch it change shape.) The object (if it is the same one over and over again?) has no wings, makes no noise, and moves in different directions and sometimes hovers in one spot for a little while.  I was so glad my friend ran to my house to let me know it was back out in the sky, because THIS TIME I could grab my parents so they don't think I'm nuts anymore. I know this won't be the last I see of it, because it's been 4 times already in less than 6 months and I'm not searching for it every night... There has to be someone else out there besides us who have seen this thing... especially over Huntington Beach area where it seems to fly over sometimes. Once, it dropped/emitted 2 bright blue-ish white objects from under it that fell straight towards the ocean water, yes, it had to be over the water, it was far far out there. I was NOT the only person to witness that, and we both were like, did you see that!? What ! did it s hoot out?! It seemed like it shot out the bright objects because they looked like they went downwards faster than a falling object. It was fast... We were on my roof at that moment trying to get a better look at it through binoculars.  No noise... this thing was quiet as can be and when it would pick up speed, still no noise. I'm not saying aliens, but it's for sure not a satellite because it moves in different directs and hovers, it's not a plane, it hovers and has NO blinking lights and no sound for the speed it goes, not a helicopter, flies way to high and fast with yet again, no noise..., not a balloon, not a chinese lantern, and not a blimp, NO WAY, I'm familiar with all of those.  If you don't believe me, I suggest if you live around my area of Orange County,CA., you check the night skies from around 11:00pm 'till 1:00am every now and then, your bound to see it if my neighbors and I have already seen it four times, and two out of the four were just this month alone. From now on, I'm going to check every night around 12:00-1:00am... I wish someone could tell me what we keep seeing. At least I'm not the nut who seen a UFO now, now my neighbors are right with me on this one! ...relief, but still very curious as to what I have seen more than once. Next time I'll be ready with my Video camera attached to my binoculars. (it works!) I'm not joking or making any of this up, I wouldn't even write this out, but I'm hoping to get some answers or at least someone else who seen it too...;33.8205999999995;-118.034
