starlike metal disk sighted in daylite  hovering  in fixed position in sky  above  military airfield.;2001-09-30 10:00:00;20 minutes+;starlike metal disk sighted in daylite  hovering  in fixed position in sky  above  military airfield. 3-25-05     The following is a discription of a sighting that I had of an unidentified aerial object that occurred about the 3rd or 4th week of sept.,2001, or 1st week of Oct.,2001.The time of day was about 10:00-10:30 A.M. The location was in south Cypress, Ca.just east of Los Alamitos Airport. I was walking my dog near the Navy golf course. It was sunny out and the sky was mostly clear except for some cirrus clouds overhead. While my dog was sniffing around a gopher hole in the field, I looked up in the sky directly above me to look at the clouds,when I noticed a bright object that looked like a star sitting there among the clouds.  It was in blue, slightly hazy sky.  It actually was a little larger in appearance than a star. More like a small silvery disk. The pecular thing about it was that it was not moving at all.!!  Yet the cirrus clouds were moving to the east, they were drifting past the object while it remained in its exact spot in the sky. As I continued to watch the object,it occurred to me that it was too late in the morning for a star to be visible in the sky. Stars disappear shortly after sunrise. Thi object looked slightly larger than the star Sirius, but more like a metal disk than an actual star.  It looked silver in color.  It would brighten somewhat then dim in a regular pattern, about every few seconds. I observed this object for around 15 to 20 minutes.It did not move that entire time.My dog was getting impatient so I started walking while still looking up to watch the object.  All the time I watched it, it did not move from its location.   An occasional cirrus cloud would drift over it, sometimes obscurring it from view. This gave me the impression that the object was at least 40,000 feet high,since I think that is about how high cirrus clouds occur at.    From where I stood in the field,the object was overhead at about 70-80 degrees elevation  and at a direction of approximately 10-20 degrees east of true north.  Finally, it was obscurred completely by thicker clouds and that was the last that I saw the object. A Baloon would have drifted with the clouds. This object remained in that spot.  It definately looked metalic, though very far away.There was no sound that I could discern.  Due to the terrorist event of 911 just having occurred a few weeks before this sighting,my mind was not preparred to deal with this wierd event, so I put it in the  back of my mind.  Recently I was reading reports on your website and this experience of mine jumped back to my remembrance. I hope this is of interest! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));33.8205999999995;-118.034
