((HOAX??))  suucer type ship with 4 lights uner it and symbols moving aroud the body.;1976-06-01 20:00:00;45 min to 1 hr;saucer type ship with 4 lights uner it and symbols moving aroud the body i was about 5 yrs old and me and my older brother was playing outside it was hot and geting dark.  We were playing and then all of a suden we looked up in the sky westward and we saw a saucer shape object fling at a high rate of speed. it flew over our street (were we lived behind us was a landfill/city dump) then it came back as fast as it flew by. then it stoped over our street and just huvered overhead for a while by then the nebigers started to come out becouse of the lights and the humm that it was making.  thier was 4 lights undenith the craft and around the main body thier was wierd like symbles going aroud they kind of looked like runnins.then a couple of our friends parents took pics of it then it took off over the city dump again then disapperd and a few min later it came back to the same spot.  then went behind the nebers house and you could still see the lights thruog the trees and all of a sudden we saw a beam come from it and we heard someone scream help. I dont rember how the beam went from the bottom or from the fromt becouse of the trees coving it but i rember the beam was bright then it shoot up in the sky and disapeared. Then all the grown-ups took the  kids and ran inside thier houses when me and my brother tryed to get in our hose my dad had lock the screen door so we had to wait for our mom to come home from church. i remeber this event like it was yesterday.If anyone from that area rembers anything or has photos please get in contact with me i would love to see some photos or just talk. my email is ((e--address deleted))  also i dont rember anyone ever talking about it and thought it was wierd that no one ever talked about it or said look at these pics. So was just wondering if anyone rembers this if so please contact me via email. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of incident may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  We are unconvinced as to whether this is intended to be a serious-minded report.  PD));39.0650857594936;-84.5199037974683
The object was brightly lit throughout the entirety of its body. It moved very slowly from the south of the area I lived in. I could ta;1976-06-01 21:00:00;approx. 1 hour;The object was brightly lit throughout the entirety of its body. It moved very slowly from the south of the area I lived in. I could take you to the exact house to this very day. It was saucer shaped. The light encompassing the object was an off white type. It left no trail or haze while moving initially. It finally came to a hover behind our house. At this point my father, mother and younger brother had come over to see the object. At that point a plane came toward the object flashing lights at the object in a signal pattern. As the plane neared the object it went black. That is, the object turned off the light surrounding itself and was not visible to us. Then as the plane passed through where the object had been the object reappeared below the plane and sped off in the opposite direction it had been traveling in. Again, this was south. It moved so incredibly fast, without any sound, that it left a light trail in the sky for a few seconds. There was never any report on the news or in local papers about this, and it bothers me to this day. There MUST be some documentation as to who the piolt of the plane was and who sent him up after the object. The plane came from the direction I now know to be the Greater Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. ((NUFORC Note:  Date and time are approximate.  PD));39.0650857594936;-84.5199037974683
