The VERY brite lights were in a Diamond shape and hovered for the ten minutes I watched them.;2012-11-22 06:30:00;10 minutes;The VERY brite lights were in a Diamond shape and hovered for the Ten minutes I watched them. I was driving up the Mountain to go bow hunting. It was very dark. I rounded a corner and about a half mile due West in the Sky was a clear cluster of bright lights? Probably 4 or 5 lights. I slammed on the brakes and stared at it through the front window.  I have never seen anything like this before. I knew if I kept going I would head right for it.  I could just see it now and then through the trees and when I headed West through the switchbacks.  As I came out of the trees I looked East and there it was about a mile East? It was still dark and I grabbed my Binoculars that were in the front seat. Swarovski EL 10x40mm. I looked at it and could clearly see 6 distinct bright lights in a perfect Diamond shape. I could not make out a shape other than the VERY bright lights in a perfect Diamond shape. I thought I had my Cannon with a telephoto lens in the back seat and turned to grab it. It wasn’t there I left it at home.  I had a Canon point and shoot and quickly d! ug it out of my backpack that was in the back seat. I rolled down the window, shut off the truck and took a couple pics. I then got out to try and get the camera steadier on the rear bed of the truck.  As I was rounding the rear of the truck I looked to the West and could see the original cluster of lights that I had seen on the way up the road. I took a couple pics of it also. Both craft were about the same elevation (3000ft)and about 1 ½ miles apart. I thought I could get a close picture through my binoculars.(digi scope) so I got back in the truck and looked at the one East of me through the binoculars(about a mile) and I could now only see one light. The sun was starting to come up and I was going to wait and get a picture of the craft with the sun on it. The light of the craft slowly faded and then there was nothing. I started the truck and quickly headed for the one higher on the Mountain to my West I got to where I could see it and the same thing. The light slowly fad! ed and it was gone. Both of them never moved the whole time I ! was ther e and I never heard a sound.;47.7057;-120.276
