Craft sighting, possible time lapse.;1992-07-04 14:00:00;Seconds/minutes;Craft sighting, possible time lapse. I'm nearly 40 years old now.  I witnessed this craft when I was about 11 or 12.  I never told anyone and just recently found out about this reporting site. It was on or around July 4th early 1990's, I can't remember exact year.  We were at my house having a BBQ with many friends and family members.  We were all in the backyard(about 30 or 40 people).  Very clear skies.  From our NE to SE was visually wide open as there was a decline in elevation in that direction.  I estimate the field of view was easily from 020 TRUE to 160 TRUE. I was standing in the back of the at the food table facing South, and a friend of my father's was right in front of me.  This is when it happened. I first noticed a bright flash to my left (SE direction).  I first thought it was a reflection from a car mirror as it was driving past the front of our house, but oddly, when I looked there was no vehicle in sight coming from either direction.  This is when I saw it again, the flash was bright in the very distant SE sky.   Suddenly, before I could really process what was going on, a saucer shaped space craft zoomed in and appeared to hover from what I estimate to be about 30 feet above my basketball hoop at the east end of our driveway(so pretty close). I remember this in vivid detail.  This was a silver-ish flying saucer looking craft. Not quite chrome, but a lighter shade of silver.  The bottom half was bowl shaped, with a dome shaped module on top.  The dome shaped module was not quite the same circumference as the bottom half.  I remember seeing what looked like jet black port hole windows around the dome shaped area(about 3 windows).  I couldn't tell if the craft was spinning, but it was deathly silent.  Even the party seemed to be silent in my memory. Suddenly, just as fast as it appeared, it zipped off into a NE direction until out of sight.  I remember flashing back to reality and looking at the guy in line in front of me.  Him and I were facing the same direction and the look on his face let me know that he too had just saw what I saw, but we never spoke of it.  It seems as if no one else there had witnessed it either.  We just continued in line and got our food and went our separate ways. When I think back to this moment, it seems as if this all happened in about 1 or 2 seconds, but as I try to recall the event it just seems like much more time had passed.  How was I able to gather all that detail and feel like time was frozen as I observed this.  Who knows, maybe it was able to transplant some memories to me. As I grew older, I was fascinated with this topic.  I joined the US Navy as an Intel Analyst and have been around the world a few times, always searching for something more.  I can't go into detail because of classification issues, but the US Government, along with other countries, are well aware of these types of occurrences and have well documented files.  I have have tracked anomalies in real time...for example, once in the South China Sea,  I tracked an aerial contact from roughly 300 miles away come directly to our position at 220 knots, but simply disappear. Anyways, that's some of my experience and thought it'd be good to share it with you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.7897;-81.2782
