Red Light seen in Lawrence, Kansas, during Johnny Carson's Monologue;1985-10-01 22:45:00;< 5 minutes;Red Light seen in Lawrence, Kansas, during Johnny Carson's Monologue I don't remember the exact date since it was over 20 years ago but I saw something that I could not find any reason to exist save for being a UFO of some sort. I saw a light appear in the sky while I was watching my small (about 10-inch) black and white TV as I was getting ready to go to sleep.  The time is about right because I was watching Johnny Carson's monologue.  An ad break came on, so I just glanced outside and this is when I saw an orange-red ball of light hovering in the sky.  I stared at it for a moment, then leaned up to get a better look at it.  At that point, it zoomed away toward the left side of the window (which would equate to a northerly direction of movement) but returned when I lay back down on the pillow.  I looked around my room to see what might be causing a reddish reflection in the window but there was nothing.  I looked back at the window again and found that the ball was still just hovering there.  Testing again that it was something in the room, I leaned forward again and it zoomed off again, as before, and returned when I lay back down.  I tried it again and it zoomed away yet again but not to the left (north).  Instead, it dashed away nearly straight up and did not return when I put my head back on the pillow.  I tried sitting up and down a few more times but it didn't return.  At that point, as I had missed most of Johnny's monologue, I shut off the TV and went to sleep. The next night, during the monologue, the object returned.  We went through the same ritual again but for less time this night: on the second sit-up from the pillow, it zoomed off and away again. This repeated for the next few nights but then never returned. There were no street lights that could explain this as there was only one light in the area and that was almost directly beneath where the sphere was seen.  It couldn't have been someone with a laser pointer since they were not common two decades ago and it would not explain the type of motion that I witnessed.  Further, I did hold up my hand to see if it was broadcasting a confined beam of light, such as a flashlight might project and nothing of that nature was in evidence.  I also made sure two of the nights that everything in the bedroom was shut off and unplugged.  (At the time, that included only my TV, which had no LEDs as it was an old-style dial TV with a built-in antenna, an alarm clock/radio, and an Apple //c computer with external SupraModem 2400 dial-up modem.)  The bedroom door was closed, so no light sources from another room were possible. I have no idea what it was but am convinced that it was not something as easily explained as a reflection or a terrestrial aircraft, not with the flight characteristics that the movements implied.  Thus, this, to my mind, equates to an unidentified flying object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.9666010582011;-95.2480365079367
Sphere-like craft with three lights flys over Lewis Hall, totally in vision. Three Lights. Object was near enough to see form.;2004-04-21 21:35:00;60 seconds;Sphere-like craft with three lights flys over Lewis Hall, totally in vision. Three Lights. Object was near enough to see form. My roommates and I were all watching TV in the dorm, when they suddenly jumped up and started freaking out while looking out the window. I was totally confused, and thought they were messing with me. I got up to look and saw lights floating in the sky, but was still skeptical. It then continued onward towards the dorms. It then came into view. It was obvious that it was a sphere like shape. with three lights. I thought, this has to be an airplane, until it plainly came in view. It then flew over the dorm, I ran into the room across the hall and looked through their window. The UFO at this point began to roll head over heals (as visible by the lights) and then flew off quickly out of sight. I am totally a nonbeliever but I saw this, and unless the government has some sort of secret hovering sphere like craft, I am now an unwanting believer. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));38.9666010582011;-95.2480365079367
Object appeared as I would imagine a flying Chinese lantern would look like (I've never seen one!).;2009-10-03 19:30:00;5 minutes;Object appeared as I would imagine a flying Chinese lantern would look like (I've never seen one!).  My wife and I (ages 46 and 54 at the time) had just dropped our college sophomore daughter off at her apartment (18th and Kentucky Streets) after taking her to dinner, and before we pulled out of the parking lot, we saw a strange glowing ball of light low in the northern sky and moving South in our direction.   At first I thought it was coming from a power line following the same direction, but quickly realized it was not, and it was so unusual (I am an Aerospace Engineer and multi-engine rated Private pilot) that I had to pull over to watch it.  We both observed it for several minutes as it appeared to continually/slowly move South and increase in altitude.  When it was approximately overhead, it appeared to quit moving laterally but continued to rise until it was out of site.  We did not hear any sounds emanating from it and saw no other aircraft in the area.   I contacted the nearest airport's (North of the sighting area) manager the next day to ask if he knew of any aircraft departing the previous evening or of anyone launching a Chinese lantern from the airport area he didn't.  I also Googled to see if I could find anyone reporting what I saw I found nothing.  So, I laid it to rest, but was so mystified that I entered the date in my PC's calendar, so when I just discovered this website, I was able to check out reports for that date.  Sadly, there were none similar or in the area on that same date.;38.9666010582011;-95.2480365079367
