Bright, Color Changing Fast Object;2004-01-12 04:00:00;One Hour;Bright, Color Changing Fast Object At approximately 4:00 AM Central Time, out of habit I looked outside at the courtyard and looked at the sky.  As I looked I saw in the clear night sky a stationary object that was changing colors from white to red to blue.  It was stationary but as I kept watching it, it got brighter as it got down in the atmosphere until it looked like a very very bright object changing colors in the western sky.  It was approximately 30,000-40,000 feet up in the sky (comparing to an airplane at that height in the daytime sky)and it would move quickly from left to right, up then down, then it would return to a stationary position.  I watched it for about 45 minutes then it began going up in the sky at a fast rate.  It would first go northward, then it would shift position and go west making a sharp 90 degree angle as it went up.  It was moving at a very fast speed and within about 10 minutes it went from the brightest light in the sky to a very dim light like a far away star.  I kept my eye on it as it moved away, then it disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible twinkling star, perhaps Sirius.  PD));38.9666010582011;-95.2480365079367
Two UFOs spotted in sky over Lawrence in a few minutes by lone observer.;2007-09-12 04:10:00;3 minutes;Two UFOs spotted in sky over Lawrence in a few minutes by lone observer. This morning on 9/12/07 at approximately 4:10 AM CST in Lawrence, KS I went out onto my second story deck where I have an unobstructed view of the eastern sky to have a cigarette. Upon stepping out with my dog, motion caught my eye and I glanced up. Despite my classes in astronomy, merit badges, and 25+ years of amateur sky watching I have no name for what I saw other than UFO. I'm college educated, a respected member of my community, and former Army Reservist that held a Secret Security Cleareance. This is my first sighting, and I have debated about whether to even say anything to anyone, for fear it may harm my professional reputation. I was certainly a skeptic until last night.  What I saw when I looked up was at a very high altitude, its initial position in the sky was just north of the constellation Orion and about 75 degrees above the horizon. I believe it may have been initially traveling either due west or descending because it did not seem to be traveling fast. Then almost immediately it turned sharply to the south and crossed the sky at a speed I can only compare to a meteor. Much faster than any satellites or planes I have witnessed. The object was illuminated at first, perhaps from entry it then faded in intensity as it crossed the sky to the south. The object did not streak, or trail however. It also did not seem to be producing the light itself. It had a white-blue glow and seemed large. The glow disappeared when it was about three quarters of the way across the sky, and I could no longer track the object. All of this took place in about before I was able to light my cigarette, I think maybe about 5 seconds or so.  I kept my eye on the sky for some 2 to 3 minutes trying to see if it would reappear, I had about convinced myself that it was just a meteor, when out of the north a fast moving triangle of 2 red and 1 blue (non-blinking) lights flew across the sky at a increasing altitude, on what appeared to be an intercept course. I assume the lights were a single craft, but may have been a formation of three crafts at a much higher altitude. This one also moved much faster than anything I am familiar with and I have lived in this area for 31 years. I counted 6-mississippi as this craft crossed the sky, but it remained in my field of vision longer, and its lights did not extinguish.  In both cases there was no noise. I pondered what I had seen and watched for additional movement in the night sky. I did spot a plane flying northeast possibly towards Chicago or further north, it was too high to be flying to KC. I could hear it, and it took several minutes to cross out of my field of vision. I called a friend of mine at 4:18AM according to my cell phone, after finishing my cigarette.;38.9666010582011;-95.2480365079367
Silent blue and white lights of craft object change color, approach myself and boyfriend, before changing into buzzing, everyday plane;2013-10-11 19:00:00;2-4 minutes;silent blue and white lights of craft object change color, approach myself and boyfriend, before changing into buzzing, everyday plane A white light and a blue light (parallel to each other), moved horizontally across the sky in the distance, away from a lightning storm approaching our city from the north-west.  The lights were level to each other like a pair of eyes watching my boyfriend and I on the porch at about 8:00p.m. the two lights moved to our right (east) behind a large tree.  The tree was about twenty or thirty feet near us.  At this point, only I had seen the two lights. Calling my boyfriend's attention to it, the blue light beamed from between the tree's leaves, then dimmed to original brightness.  It moved perfectly backward, out from the tree, blue light still on the left side/white light on the right, to where it was in our view. We were in total awe as the white light grew blinding and the blue light changed into a powerful green and the (object, craft) seemed to come directly AT us. After glowing at a spotlight brightness, the craft backed away from us, dimming,and quickly hovered to the west behind another tree.  The lights magically turned softer and red.  The sound of an airplane filled the air, as it was totally silent the entire time, and it flew off.. into the east as this 'air plane'.. I am told a description of the observers is useful, but unless I am speaking directly to Peter, I will not leave any personal information.  However, I am a completely sane and honest person, and witnessed this event within the hour of this report.  I am reporting on this as a sign of my own awareness and concern for the questions we all have on our minds as witnesses...  What DID I just see? Am I ok?  Did anyone else in my city observe what we did? Should I worry? Did it see me too?  this will have been my first report, but most certainly not the first time I've seen objects in the sky.  This experience itself, however, was the most intense by far, and the energy in our bodies afterwards has been like static.  Please email.;38.9666010582011;-95.2480365079367
Object with pulsing wave of light moving around it;2015-06-25 21:45:00;5 minutes;Object with pulsing wave of light moving around it I stepped out back behind the Press building for a smoke and looked to the north and saw what a line(?) of pulsing lights in the sky slowly moving along the western edge of a thunderstorm.  The lights were pulsing in a solid wave to the right, far too consistent to be an airplane's running lights, and one solid blue-white color.  Could've been on the edge of a disk shaped object?  Too far off to tell.   I moved positions to try and get a better look, but the object moved away and out of sight beyond the tree line, going very slowly.  I have no idea what this was and am pretty excited because it couldn't have been an airplane.  I've flown airplanes before.  I know how they move and what their navigation lights look like, i.e. flashing in a set pattern and in green, red, and a white strobe.   This object seemed to be pulsing a wave of light that may have gone around the leading and trailing edges of the object.   Very cool.  No way of telling how far off it was or how high up it was flying.   It moved to the north in a straight, steady pace.   The Lawrence Field Day and Free State festivals are going on right now, so I'm wondering if anyone else saw this.;38.9666010582011;-95.2480365079367
