As I stood in my yard the object came toward me.  Hovered above my yard at 100ft for ten mins. Rotated west and moved on.;1977-06-17 01:00:00;15 min;As I stood in my yard the object came toward me.  Hovered above my yard at 100ft for ten mins. Rotated west and moved on. It was orginally sited as only a light in the distance. Traveling east.  Didn't have any flashing lights.   Their was a full moon, I was facing the full moon observing an aircraft traveling in the same direction. The aircraft and the object could be seen at the same time.  They were perhaps 45 degrees apart from my position. The aircraft did have a beacon.   The object was moving slowly compare the to aircraft.  I wanted to observe it as it crossed the path between me and the Moon, but sense it was moving to slowly, I decided to wait untill it crossed the Moon.  I thought that perhaps I could see it's siloate against the Moon.   So, I resumed my observation of the aircraft.  And competely forgot about the object.  When I remembered, I looked in the direction of where it would be given it's speed.  But, I didn't find it.  So, I searched the sky.  Nothing.   So, I decided to observe the Moon.  It was larger this time of the year and I could see a lot of detail.  But, as I was watching the exact center began to brighten. I realized then that it was the object I was observing earlier.  It was not only coming in my direction, but coming at an angle toward me.   As it approached, the one light, became two.(like a car coming toward you) There was no sound coming from it, even when I first sited it, though I could clearly hear the aircraft.  I then became excited and ran to the rear of my house to the back door to call my siblings out to see it. (We normally keep the front door locked)  We lived in the country.  12 miles east of Columbia, in a neigborhood called Alligater.  A small community of about 20 to 25 houses.  On old Hwy 64 a half mile from the intersection of old and new 64.   We returned to the front of the house.  By that time it was clearing the three pine trees.  One of which was maybe 50 ft tall. The base is about 4ft in diameter.  It was maybe 60ft above that tree.  It came to a stop above the front yard.  It was hard to see,  It almost blended perfectly with the night sky, though it had lights on each side, the lights didn't illuminate the craft.  If it wasn't for stary background of the sky, I wouldn't know it shape.  And the full moon didn't help.   My decision to call my family out, was a poor one.  They began to scream at it.   And soon, lights started to come on in the neighboring houses.   At that time the object rotated west, and began to slowly move away picking up speed.  I followed on the road which parolelled it's path.  I followed to the limits of our street lights, too scared to go beyond.  There is farm land across the road in front of my house. Which allowed me to observe without obstructions. The craft looked to be about 30-35ft in diameter.   I was at the time intersted in science and technology.  And read and viewed many books on aircraft. And read a few books on astronomy.  There are two other events, I'll list them later.  My cousin had a close encounter of the third kind. A few times, it has affected his life negitively. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the incident is approximate.  PD));35.9102;-76.2298999999999
