9 pulsating, 3-tiered hour glass shaped objects seen by 5 adults over Grayson GA. 3/4 football field in size;2012-05-19 21:00:00;20 min approx;9 pulsating, 3-tiered hour glass shaped objects seen by 5 adults over Grayson GA. 3/4 football field in size I am a registered nurse for 20 years and work at a hospital other family members present are adults over the age of 25 and work in professional fields. On May 19, 2012 at approximately 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, I walked outside on my back deck.  I had gone outside to let a pet out. We live in a heavily wooded area that is separated from other houses and not close to any city lights. Our property is on an elevated part of the land and our deck is elevated.  I looked up, just above the pines and only a couple hundred feet in front of me, I saw a very bright red/orange pulsating light that was obviously not the norm.  As I was backing back toward our back door, never letting the light go out of my sight, I was yelling to my family “come here quick and tell me what the hell I’m seeing”. Four other family members ran out beside me, and everyone stood totally quiet... and watching. The pulsating light changed from a deep red/orange to light orange in color with each pulse. It pulsed at a very regular rate (like a heart beat). When it was the deep red/orange color, the shape was a three-tiered hour glass shape and as the light would change to bright orange it would illuminate the whole object to appear like a bright orb. No sound could be heard, no emissions came from it.  It sat totally still in the sky (as if it was allowing us to observe it… or was it observing us?). I tried several times to get a picture from my cell phone, but it wouldn’t process it. Then we could see three other lighted objects approaching from the southeast about 4 miles away. The first object then shot up at a 45 degree angle to completely disappear in a clear night sky in 2-3 seconds. Our view of the first object was never obscured as it left. The second object stopped at the exact! same spot as the first, paused briefly, and then shot off at light speed like the first one. This continued for a total of eight pulsating globes. We each stood there talking so quickly to each other because we were so astonished at what we had just experienced. Each one was giving their account of what they saw just to validate it. About 5 minutes passed when a family member said “look, here comes another one”. Indeed...another approached from the exact same direction. We could see it through the trees at about 4 miles away. It took about 3 seconds to get to where we were. It paused in front of us right where the others did, moved up slightly (as if it were making a correction) then took off at a 45 degree angle and disappeared as the other did. I contacted our local airport and spoke to the director of air traffic control for Gwinnett County. He stated that they did not get any unusual reports that night. When I shared what we all saw, he said that he could not think of anything in our airspace that would fit that description. Two days later, we had unmarked military helicopters that circled so low you could read the name badges of the pilots (if the windows weren't blacked out). This activity continued at different times of the day with as many as three helicopters at at time, for about a week. I was able to catch a couple on video as they stayed below the tree line. I have lived many years near Hartsfield Airport and now Gwinnett County Airport. I have attended many air shows, flown in personal and commercial planes, been around military aircraft, hot air balloons, weather balloons, and an assortment of other flying or floating manmade crafts. The pulsating objects were about ½ to ¾ the size of a football field, could sit perfectly still in the air without making any sound, had no emissions that could be seen, traveled from 4 miles in 3 seconds to light speed, and did not have any conventional shape that I have ever seen. I can say without hesitation or doubt that the objects we watched that night for about 20 minutes were not from our world. Where they came from or why they were here may never be known, but I do feel that this is just the beginning of these types of sightings. I have seen unusual things around our area for four years now, but this is the first time that I have had witnesses to back my experience. It is strange to me how people don't want to believe or even hear about this. I come from a scientific background and would love to know what these are and how to deal with future visitations. This has nothing to do with faith or religion. You may keep both, but should realize that on our tiny planet we have such diverse forms of life with many not yet discovered. Surely you could see that in the vastness of our universe, life also exists...no matter if we haven't discovered it. However, I am certain that they HAVE discovered us. Please help watch our skies.;33.893;-83.9649
