Amber colored lights appeared to be moving towards us when two alligned one on top of the other and then they hovered.;2013-01-19 18:43:00;5 minutes;Amber colored lights appeared to be moving towards us when two alligned one on top of the other and then they hovered. On 01/19/13 at 18:43 my husband and I had come out of the Grayson Kroger. We had just put our groceries in our vehicle and as we were getting into the Front of our vehicle, I heard my husband say “Are we being invaded?” As I looked up into the night sky in front of us we saw about five amber colored lights pulsating. I replied and said: “oh, it is Saturday it’s got to be our military.” Then all of a sudden about four more appeared. It seemed like they were moving closer but in different distances. It is very hard to give any kind of measurement because it was dark. We could not hear them at all. All of a sudden on the right side two lined up perfectly, one on top of the other. It looked as if it was headed straight for us so we drove out of the parking lot driving towards them so we could get a better look at them. We approached the intersection at Rosebud Road and Grayson Highway we could still see them up through the trees.  The two still lined up one above the other and to the left a few were still scattered about but they had moved closer together.  It looked as if they were hovering above the trees.  We turned into this Church parking lot to try to get a better look and out of traffic. The lights had faded out, almost like they went backwards away from us. This was the most unusual thing we had ever seen.  It wasn’t any kind of aircraft we are aware of. I’m not even sure anyone else saw them.  Again, the lights were an amber color not to red and not to orange.  I would say they may have only one light on each one. I just wished it had been day light so I could explain them in more detail. I have to say it makes me wonder if we really are being watched. Now, after seeing this with my own eyes, I believe we are. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD));33.893;-83.9649
