Multiple glowing orbs seen heading NE over St. Helens;2014-03-05 20:30:00;1 minute;Multiple glowing orbs seen heading NE over St. Helens Hello,  I would like to report a sighting that occurred yesterday 3/5/14 around 8:30 in the evening. I was sitting in my car at the intersection of Vernonia Rd and Pittsburg Rd.  I was facing north on Vernonia, getting ready to turn left (west) onto Pittsburg.   I noticed the moon and glanced in its general direction and saw what appeared to be 3 lights emitting a faint glow moving from the SW to the NE.  The objects appeared to be at the same level as the lowest cloud layer, as initially I noticed the glow in the clouds.   I recall that the clouds were moving fast the same direction the objects were traveling.  Since the cloud layer was broken the three objects eventually moved out of the clouds and appeared to be perfect translucent orbs.  The best description I can come up with is they looked like bubbles with a thick membrane.   At this point they were almost directly overhead and did not seem to glow as much.   I then proceeded to turn onto Pittsburg Rd and drive maybe 20 yards and stop and looked out my drives window when I noticed another one.  At this point I looked out! my passenger window (the direction they were traveling) and saw maybe 8 or 9 glowing orbs in the distance approaching the horizon.  They were not in a formation from what I could tell, they were in a loose group and heading in the same direction, the few that I had initially seen were trailing behind slightly... At first I considered that they may be balloons, that were glowing from the moonlight.  However I doubt that the glow they would emit would be enough to cause a glowing aura around them in the clouds.  Also the 8 or 9 objects I saw towards the end of the sighting were a good distance off and were very visible (the glow was strong enough it looked like a solid light.)  I would also expect a balloon to tumble and possibly deviate slightly from its course with the others, none of these objects appeared to tumble nor did they deviate course at all.  The sighting maybe lasted a minute or so. I felt I should share this report in case their are others reports.  There was another car heading east on Pittsburg and was going slow, I did not notice if the driver was looking up at they sky, she might have been turning onto Vernonia Rd. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));45.8582;-122.8314
