We saw an oval shape green luminescent light that shot into the sky to a pinpoint of light like a star then moved around in the sky.;2009-07-05 02:00:00;10 minutes;We saw an oval shape green luminescent light that shot into the sky to a pinpoint of light like a star then moved around in the sky. It was an unusually warm night for Oregon and the sky was clear with a full moon.  Our friends were visiting from Canada and we were all outside talking, laughing and having a great time for hours.  At about 2:00 am, July 5th three of us looked up in the sky and saw an oval shaped, green luminescent light to the east.  Because it was dark and I don’t know how big this object was, it was difficult to say how close it was.  My depth perception seemed off.  If I used the full moon as a guide for the size of this light, I’d say that looking up, the moon was about the size of a quarter and this green light was about the size of a dime.  At first we thought it was some sort of firework because it just stayed in one spot directly over the roofline of our house for a couple of seconds. Then it started to move. We watched the light travel in an erratic pattern in a southerly direction for about 10 seconds. We were yelling for my husband and son to come out of the house to see this too when suddenly we saw the green light shoot up into the sky.  It went straight up until it was a pinpoint of light like the other stars in the sky. This only took a couple of seconds. At this point my husband and son came outside.  We showed them where the pinpoint of light was and the 5 of us watched the light travel in the sky for about the next 10 minutes.  I’ve seen airplanes and satellites travel in the sky before but this was different.  It did not travel in a straight line.  It zigzagged around the stars.  We watched it move west across the sky then northerly, then it started going in a easterly direction.  Basically, it appeared to be circling the whole sky.  After watching it about 10 minutes, we got kind of freaked out by what we saw and went in the house. I am 46 years old and have worked as a Title I teaching assistant at the local elementary school for 5 years.  I teach 3rd, 4th and 5th grade children math.  I am college educated and previously had a 14 year career in mortgage lending.;45.8582;-122.8314
