Wingless airplane torso in the night sky close to LaGuardia airport.;2011-06-14 22:25:00;15 seconds;Wingless airplane torso in the night sky close to LaGuardia airport. I was outside my apt. building looking at the moon and thinking about the moon’s light shining through the clouds, when at  22:25 eastern time, I heard a mix between a loud engine and a whizzing sound coming from behind my 3 floor building.   When I saw it , the first thing I noticed was that the aircraft was flying a lot lower than a commercial airplane normally did.   As I began observing it thoroughly, I noticed its tail had very bright white and red lights going off.  The red light was going off at one second intervals with the white in between.   I assumed it was a government aircraft like Air Force One because the tail  lights were very powerful.  The second thing I noticed was that this mysterious aircraft did not have lights on the wings.  My initial assumption was that it was a commercial plane flying lower than usual.    I began searching for wings on the aircraft to no avail.  The aircraft flew in on a 90 degree angle which I thought was weird because I thought all commercial aircrafts could only fly at a 45 degree angle or at a certain angle while this aircraft was flying in a horizontal line.   The aircraft flew, from what I could measure with my arms, in a 40 degree angle in 10 seconds.  It flew through the lowest cloud formation I could see and the lights were so powerful I could still see it throught the cloud formation.  Seconds after the aircraft disappeared I saw a reflection in a window of a bright red light on the opposite building in front of me as if to say the light was comimng from behind my building.  As I looked behind my building I saw nothing.  I still heard the aircraft about 3 seconds after it disappeared from my sight.  I went back into the building.  About 10 min later I stepped outside and called the National UFO Reporting Hotline and realized the sky was completely clear. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he sounded to us to be quite sober-minded and credible.  We suspect that he is an excellent witness.  PD));40.76425;-73.93075
Ufo changed colors while moving around;2019-07-31 20:15:00;4 minutes;Ufo changed colors while moving around Looking out window it caught my eye.  Red and white.  Going fast stops short stays still went back and forth and up and down and zig zag.  I have a video not too good didn't zoom, but you can see the movements.;40.76425;-73.93075
