Luminous white light not a drone, airplane, helicopter or blimp in NYC.;2019-06-15 20:30:00;10 seconds;Luminous white light not a drone, airplane, helicopter or blimp in NYC. The original time/dated stamped video is on my wife's iPhone.  We own an apartment on the 16th floor of a residential high-rise building in Astoria that overlooks the East River and the Robert F. Kennedy Bridge.  I was not at the apartment.  My wife and her mom were at the apartment.  My wife was trying out new clothes in the bedroom.   She looked out the window when her eyes were caught by a white-light, oval in shape.  She initially taught that it was a spy-drone but she commented to herself that “it was bigger than any drone she’s ever seen”.  Upon her closer look the light seemed to wobble in place.   My wife felt that she was watched—you know the feeling, we’ve all experienced someone looking at you while stopped at the red light and both drivers turn at the same time to look at each other.   My wife pointed this light out to her mom as she dressed and ran to get her cellphone and film from the balcony that is when the video started.  It captures 10-seconds of this light that moved to a greater distance across the river, in the matter of seconds my wife ran for the phone.  As soon as the video started, as if the object knew it was being recorded or read my wife’s mental intention, it took off into the horizon fairly quickly.  Faster than any drone, helicopter or airplane could perform such a feat.  I rule out a drone due to the amount of light it emitted drones have to conserve their limited battery power.   Drones are not legal to fly in NYC.  The sun had already set so it was not light reflecting off any object.   From our apartment, every year, there is a fireworks which precedes the bigger show hosted by Macy’s every year.  The area flocks with thousands of people.  From our balcony we have a vantage point to view the show.  My point is that last year someone flew a drone to capture images of the fireworks and from our balcony we, and independently others, could clearly hear and visually track the drone with the blinking! red/blue lights and prop-noise.  The drone would fly close to! the river, climb up to about 300 feet fly around and dive again.  We’ve seen drones in other parts of the City and we are knowledgeable of them.   Living near LaGuardia Airport we are used to airplanes.  Living in the City we are used to helicopters and the rare blimp.  This was not the normal route of either.  This object, my wife and her mom said, was totally silent.  It was uniform in light no multi-colored blinking or solid lights.  Again, NO SOUND!   In 18 years living at the apartment and over 30 years living in NYC this is the first time anything like this has ever happened.;40.76425;-73.93075
