A large bright orange shperical object appeared, moved across the sky and disappeared over Greenville, Ohio.;2010-07-16 00:00:00;30-40 seconds;A large bright orange shperical object appeared, moved across the sky and disappeared over Greenville, Ohio. Time: Around midnight EST  Location: Greenville, Ohio   Description:  Around midnight EST I was alone outside letting my dog out and looked up to the Northwest sky and saw a bright orange spherical thing in the sky.   At first it looked like a hot air balloon possibly on fire, but then it was moving too fast to be one and looked less like one the closer it got.  There was a darker center to this object.  Size wise, the object would be more comparable to the size of the moon than to any stars from our perspective on Earth and much larger than any meteor I have seen.   It was about the size that a dime looks when extending your arm fully and looking up at it.  It was closer to the ground than a plane would be flying, but higher than a bird would be flying in the sky.   The object was not at all comparable to fireworks, remote controlled airplanes, etc.  It had an orange glow emitting from it which looked almost like fire does, although I could see no flames.  It moved toward the Northern sky and disappeared out of sight.  At first the glowing object was stationary but then it started moving.  The flight pattern was mostly horizontal, although it did rise straight up and go straight down twice and it moved diagonally in the sky once.  This all happened in a matter of 30 - 45 seconds if not longer I would guess.  It was much quicker than a plane would be viewed moving in the sky, although it did hesitate a few times.   There were no sounds associated with this. Witness:  I was the only witness to this at my location and did not have a camera or video recorder on me.  I am a 20-something year old college graduate with some emphasis on geology and astronomy.  There are no drugs, alcohol, or mental illnesses involved.;40.0992;-84.6297999999998
