2 silent objects moving in a north east direction over White Bluff, TN in the early am.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS and Space Shuttle.  PD));2007-11-05 05:20:00;20 to 25 seconds;2 silent objects moving in a north east direction over White Bluff, TN in the early morning On Monday morning on 11/05/2007 at 5:20 AM I was leaving for work, as I getting ready to get in my car when I noticed an object in the sky coming towards me.  Then a couple of seconds later I noticed a second object about a foot and a half behind the first object traveling at the same speed.  The objects appeared to be very high in the sky, possibly at commercial jet airliner altitude, but they were moving much faster than jets do at that height.  It is very quiet that time of the morning around my house and so I listened for the engines but there was not any sound at all. I watched the objects flying toward the north east until they disappeared in the trees on the horizon, the whole viewing lasted about 20 to 25 seconds. The first object consisted of 3 round lights in a triangular pattern, they were fixed white lights, no blinking or flashing or pulsating.  The second object had just one light, it to was fixed, no blinking or flashing or pulsating.  It was still very dark and I couldn’t make out the shape of either object.  The distance between the objects didn’t change.  I say they were 2 separate objects because I could see the stars between them as they passed over but they maintained the same speed and distance. I thought at first they were helicopters or airplanes but there were no sounds at any point.  Then I wondered if it was the NASA space station and the shuttle but when I mentioned it to a friend at work he said there are no lights on the space station that you would be able to see from earth that would be in that configuration.  So I don’t know what they were.  I have not see the lights again, I leave at the same time every morning and I look for them each day but I have not seen them again. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS and Space Shuttle.  PD));36.1253;-87.219
