Very bright light that we thought was a planet at first, moved north/south dimmed and brightened.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  PD));2009-01-23 19:45:00;2 hrs+-;Very bright light that we thought was a planet at first, moved north/south dimmed and brightened and was seen by people 100 miles apart At about 19:45 hours a white light had been in the sky for approx 30min, as far as I could tell. I am on the  north shore of Orcas island  in Washington state and there is very little light pollution here, and the light is to the west/southwest. I, We thought it was a planet at first because we can see planets quite clearly from here at different times of the year. But as far as we know there is no planet suppose to be in that location now.  The light also seemed to travel to the north and up from the horizon line, then slowly within the 2 hour time frame it moved back south and down tward the horizon line.  I called my daughter who lives in Bremerton WA, and asked her if she could see it and she said “yes” and we watched it together while talking on the phone for about 15 minutes. During that time it got brighter and dimmer over and over again. It seemed to be generating it’s own light not reflecting light from somewhere else.  There was no real significant flight path, it didn’t travel anywhere, just moved in the same general area for the whole time it was visible. At about 20:30 it dimmed out completely and we thought it was gone, but shortly there after it was back again, it continued to dim out and come back over and over , I took some video, but it is very poor quality and just shows light dimming and brightening, in the distance. It is approx 21:00 hrs now and it is really low on the western horizon and a bit more orange, still is fading and reappearing, but seems to be about to go below the horizon line now and out of my line of site. I don’t know what it is, but a lot of people here mistook it for a planet at first, just to give you an idea of how it appeared to us when we first noticed it. ufocntr@nwlink.com is where I am going to send the video file even though is isn’t very good, at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  PD));48.6932;-122.9073
Brilliant white light glides above tree line, no sound but a very faint hum.;2009-02-28 05:00:00;10-20 seconds;Brilliant white light glides above tree line, no sound but a very faint hum. Yesterday morning I woke up early to catch the ferry.  It was about 5:00 am and still pitch dark with a clear sky.  A very brilliant white light just above my tree line caught my eye from a small second storey window looking north.  It is hard to judge size, but I'd guess it spanned two or three tree tops from my vantage point, which would make it very large projecting outward. I have to stress that I did not have my glasses on, so I could not dicern shape, but that made the experience no less strange.  The light moved slowly from east (Eastsound, Orcas Island) to west along the tree line.  There was a slow pulsing light seemingly attached under the primary light of smaller size, but also bright white.  The light was bright enough to send rays through the trees, as you will sometimes see when the morning sun shines through on a misty morning. I cranked open a window to try to hear what this was.  It was virtually silent except for an almost imperceptible reverbant humm.  Velocity was constant, I'd guess it passed out of view well inside of thirty seconds.  This is the first time I have experienced anything like this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));48.6932;-122.9073
