UFO over San Juan Islands, Washington Nov. 12, 2013--Large White Light Globe Moving in Sky-VIDEO.  ((Moon!!));2013-11-12 20:00:00;30 minutes;UFO over San Juan Islands, Washington Nov. 12, 2013 -- Large White Light Globe Moving in Sky - VIDEO I saw a UFO last night over the San Juan Islands in Washington.  100% it was not anything from this planet.  It was a massive, massive globe in the sky and it was moving slowly down, and changed directions a few times in a 90 degree turn which no man made machine could do.  I'd say it had to be at least the size of a football field if not several football fields.  The glow from it was intense white light and seem to have a glow around it.  It wasn't just moving down like a meteor or anything, it was flying with power, changing directions, down, up, left, and right.  It wasn't too far above the high clouds.  I'm a believer now!  It wasn't from this planet!  I made some videos of it and posted them to Youtube.  Sorry about the shakiness of them, they were taken holding my cell phone, and I was also drunk off my ass at the time.  I googled it and another guy has a Youtube video up as well so it was real as i wasn't the only one who got a video of it!  Here are the links to my Youtube page. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTzej49FrII   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juCTxhcaVvM   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbpDu029NTU   It would be nice if someone can tell me what the heck was it?! ((FOUR ADDENDA FROM WITNESS)) 1  It's not a hoax or the moon.  I took the video and saw it for myself as well as my mother.   The thing was moving.  The moon doesn't move.  The moon is also not that bright.  It also moved in 90  degree angles.   It was real.  I saw it. 2.  LOL.  No.  This might be what  you do for a living but it's not that big a deal to us.  I just sent you the report and video because you are the first one that popped up on Google and I thought someone interested in that stuff might like to see it.  Mom is almost 80 with Diabetes complications.  She comes out onto the balcony I think in video #3 and you can hear her getting angry because the cement floor is cold and at me.  You can hear her comment on it for yourself in the video.  I was a bit drunk at the time so excuse my commentary in the videos.  Whatever it was, it was real and very large and definitely moving in different directions.  I think in video #4 or #5 on my Youtube channel you can see it disappear completely and then come back.  The moon doesn't disappear last time I checked.  I only had my cell phone and I guess did a crappy job of filming it.  I'll see if it returns tonight and do a better job.  I'm not a nut job and don't chase UFO's.  I saw something in the sky that wasn't from this planet or some secret craft that no-one is telling anyone about and took some videos.  3.  I'm on Orcas Island looking south.  It was about at 2 Oclock in the sky so would be over San Juan Island, but a lot further out  It was a very clear night.  Clearest I've seen in a very long time.  A few clouds drifting which you see on the videos.  I talked with some of the local stores and showed the video on my phone and they didn't see anything.  I sent an email to Seattle King 5 news and Fox News.  The local convenient store owner said, yes it was a strange looking clear night that we haven't had in a long time.    I Googled it and this guy posted pretty much the same thing I saw.  He says it was in the Seattle area which is about 40 miles maybe by air? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1nqxyEAJ9M&feature=youtube_gdata But, his Youtube is full of UFO stuff.  So, I'm skeptical.  But, it was in the same night.  Could he be a UFO buff and just happen to see the same thing as me?  I don't know.  It's not possible I'm the only one.  My god, it was the biggest brightest light in the sky that should have not been there and was moving for 30 minutes in directions that stuff doesn't do.  Nothing does that!  There have to be others who saw it. I'm watching the sky tonight right now.  About an hour from last nights time.  It's a little cloudy now.  No where as clear as last night.  No sign of a moon.  I've started to question, could I have been that drunk and it was the moon and the clouds made it look like it was moving?  I still say no.  Mom says no.  I should have made the camera steady so it could prove the movement.  Tonight will be the proof.  The moon only moves so much from night to night and so in an hour I will see if there is a moon up there close to the same spot.   Thanks 4.  Yep it was the moon.  I'm apparently the biggest dumb ass in history!  I guess the clouds made it look like it was moving.  My apologies. ((END;48.6932;-122.9073
