Extremely large bright object moving w/ intermittent lateral movements, no sound, no lights, very low, & flying mostly over water.;2014-06-08 00:30:00;2-3 minutes;Extremely large bright object moving w/ intermittent lateral movements, no sound, no lights, very low, & flying mostly over water. Our cabin on Orcas Island looks north toward Canada, to the west is Vancouver Island and other smaller BC islands to the northwest.  On June 8th, at approximately 12:30 AM, while talking to my daughter, from the large picture window, I noticed an extremely bright object moving east across the sky.  The night was calm, very quiet, and mostly clear. The moon was waxing gibbous with illumination at approximately 65%. Upon seeing the object, I instinctively ran to the deck for a better look.  My daughter followed and we woke up her beau from his sleep-to-snore fest and he also observed.  Simply stated, we were blown away.  We began to run down every possible scenario of what the object could be and nothing fit.  So in awe, we watched as the massive, brightly shining object moved east across the sky and eventually out of range.  The object was not in the distance, in fact, it flew just above us. It is hard to describe the nature of its shine - imagine Venus, at her brightest dropped to 15,000 ft. and traveled from west to east  across the sky.  It seemed to emit beams (atmospheric illusion?).  The bright shine was so dramatic that that it made it impossible to discern its form but it was not round, if anything, it was oblong.  It did not blink or twinkle and the form, beams and all, did not change as it moved across the sky.  The object was shinning silver tones with golden hues and the beams appeared to have gold tones as well. As was the night, the object was dead silent - Orcas Island is surrounded by water so that ruled out one convenient explanation.  Also unusual was that the object did not fly in a continuous straight line, it would also move laterally and also in a squiggly manner. The movements were subtle yet discernible.  The sighting lasted apx. 2 min. and then it flew out of visual range. We work hard, like a beer or two, do fun things and keep it clean.  We reject cults and simplistic, knee-jerk answers to complex problems.  Ages 20-50. ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken via telephone with the witness, and she seems to us to be quite eloquent, and sober-minded.  We suspect that she is an excellent, and highly-reliable witness.  PD));48.6932;-122.9073
