Changed shape from a white ball of bright light to a triangle looking object. Only colors were bright white. Unearthly type speed.;2004-01-07 06:30:00;6:35 - 7:28;Changed shape from a white ball of bright light to a triangle looking object. Only colors were bright white. Unearthly type speed. My mom told me before she left to eventually let my dog out of his inside cage because she new if I didnt he would have an accident in it. At approximately 6:30 PM, I put my dog on his leash and I took hime outside so that he could go to the bathroom. While he was going to the bathroom I glanced around the night sky like usual, except I noticed a bright light that looked like either an extremely bright star or a ufo. At first, I really thought it was a star so I almost didnt bother going to get my binoculars but I was intrigued by it very much, so I decided to go get them out of my room anyway. Before I took my dog inside and myself, I focused on the position of the ufo in the night sky, therefore I would know whether it moved or not when I came back. The ufo/star was above the trees in my woods and to the north. I quickly ran into my room and snatched my binoculars, as fast as I possibly could. Once I arrived again into the garage, I put on my dogs leash and we both ventured back outside to see what I thought, at that point, was a ufo/star. Once outside the door, I noticed that the ufo/star was still to the north but below the trees in my woods. It had definitely moved significantly. Then I decided it was time to look out through the binoculars at the object. I was startled by the objects appearance, it looked to me like a huge white ball in the night sky. Though I wasnt convinced it was a ufo until the object changed shape into a triangle looking object. I noticed this when I wasnt looking through my binoculars, the object went from a very bright plasma looking light, to were it looked like a strange looking dim star in the night sky. I now really realized something strange was up there. I took another peek through my binoculars and the bright ball of illuminated light was now in the form of a triangle type shape.It constantly was shifting from ball of light to the triangle type shape. Another bizarre instance with this object was that I'd be looking at it and all of a sudden you would lose it. I remember taking off my binoculars to see if it disappeared or if it moved. Sure enough the object moved so fast that while I was peering through my binoculars I didnt even notice its quick movement. The object didnt move far when it did this it just moved beyond my ability to see it do so. This object stayed to the north the whole sighting, it just was constantly in different places. After this point, I was almost positive this was a ufo. I stayed out there from approximately 6:30 to 7:28. At 7:28 PM, I went inside because the object suddenly disappeared while I was looking at it through my binoculars. It was absolutely incredible, the object was gone before I could even blink an eye, I almost dropped my binoculars, I was stunned by how fast it disappeared. The object moved faster than anything I've ever seen move on Earth. After this experience, I took another quick look out into the night sky to see if it appeared anywhere else, but it was gone. I'm totally positive this was a true ufo sighting.;41.7598;-83.6271
1 ufo was circular with multiple colors, moved slowly 2 ufo was a bright white circular object that moved with relatively the samespeed;2004-01-20 06:55:00;6:55 - 8:15;1 ufo was circular with multiple colors, moved slowly 2 ufo was a bright white circular object that moved with relatively the samespeed On 1/7/04 I made a report to the ufo center about a ufo I had seen while bringing in my dog. On 1/20/04 I witnessed two ufo sightings. I witnessed the same looking ufo that I saw on 1/7/04 and another ufo that was also circular except it had many colors. I went out to dinner and when I got home we were pulling in our driveway and I was telling my mom about how I saw this big buck near the woods on our property and all of a sudden this object off in the night sky instantly grabbed my attention. My mom noticed how suddenly I went quite and she responded by saying What is it? I quickly said mom I think its a ufo. Once inside, I went up into my room and grabbed my binoculars as fast as I possibly could. I ran back outside with my binoculars in hand and I looked through my binoculars at the object. The object was positioned to the southeast, high in the night sky. At this time it was just me and my stepbrother and we where both trying to see whether this was an actual ufo or not. Without a doubt, through the binoculars, we both saw the multiple colors and the circular shape. The colors of the ufo were the colors of the rainbow and were pulsating at a rapid speed through the binoculars. The object stayed to the east and cycled up and down constantly, at a slow rate. Without looking through the binoculars you could still make out a pulsating object with many colors. Though through the binoculars you could make out every color in the rainbow which could easily be seen. While I was in disbelief, that I was witnessing another ufo in the same month, my stepbrother was looking at a bright white object in the northern night sky. He asked me whether or not I thought that it could be another ufo and I really kind of ignored him. I easily passed it by as a star without giving it a chance even through the binoculars. While still very intrigued by the bright, colorful ufo that was slowly moving in the high, southeastern sky, my stepbrother seemed to not be able to keep his eyes off the bright white ob! ject to the north. He told me that he thought he saw it move and he also said that it was odd how it was pulsating.I gave a quick look at it once again and I thought to myself once again know thats just an extremely bright white star. Though at that exact time, it did look like it had moved and I think thats what made me give it a chance to prove it wasnt a star. I guess I really thought it was impossible to see two ufos let alone one in the same night. I really didn't start paying any attention to it until I slowed down my excitement of the first ufo I saw and then I really tryed to concentrate on the bright white object to the north. At this point, I realized that without looking through the binoculars the object was in almost the identical spot to the north with the same bright whiteness as the one I saw in the begginning of January. I looked through the binoculars and I instantly noticed that it was a circular shape and that it was pulsating bright white light. Though the only differences with the object were was the shape it changed to and its movement. It moved slowly up and down but still stayed to the northern night sky. The bright white ufo changed shape but not into a triangle but into a shape without any distinct qualitys. The bright white ufo started up in the sky and then ended up looking as if it was in my woods. We both watched each ufo equaly and we stayed outside for about an hour and twenty minutes. The bright, white, circular ufo was much brighter than the circular colorful one in the southeastern sky. Though both moved very similar and at the same speed. They both also made absolutely no sound. All I know is that I've now witnessed three ufos in the same month.;41.7598;-83.6271
