a ball of light shot into clear view paused for a second, then sped into outer space at about a million miles per hour.;2010-03-06 21:30:00;6-8 seconds;a ball of light shot into clear view paused for a second, then sped into outer space at about a million miles per hour. Me and my girlfriend at the time were coming down a street which happened to be a hill with a clear view of the sky. we were waiting at a red light to go when a ball of light shot into clear view of the sky. I immediately said, ((deleted)), look a shooting star and i saw her smile at first but then when it stopped we both were shocked. the ball of light got a little brighter then changed direction and shot into outer space with a white trail behind it at an unimaginable speed and not once did it make a sound. my jaw literally dropped and my girlfriend face was in shock with a gasp that you only hear when you are surprised beyond belief. it was so bright that it not only caught our eye at the same time but we think the 2 cars behind us also. the reason i say this is because after the six seconds we watched this thing shoot in and then leave, i had to be sitting at that traffic light for about another 10 seconds....and anyone in the north jersey area can tell you ! people around here have zero patience when it comes to sitting at a green traffic light....and not one horn was blown at me during this time. It was so crazy that i had to pull over shortly after leaving the traffic light because i was literally shaking. i felt confused, scared, LIED TO, and relieved all at the same time.  Even my friends who are all skeptics about everything, Especially UFO's, Ghosts, etc., even they admitted that my story sounds crazy, but to have an eye witness who was sitting right next to me who's story matched exactly, overwhelmed even them. the part that really puts an image that they cant help but to feel something is the part about how it shot into outer space with the white trail following. the best way to describe it is someone hitting homerun with a lightbulb into the air at a million miles per hour , and it never came down nor made a sound.;40.8943;-73.9801000000003
