On 2/27/14 at 3:35 AM saw an object made up of round lights which formed a circle of light with rectangle shape in middle of it.;2014-02-27 03:35:00;5 minutes;On 2/27/14 at 3:35 AM saw an object made up of round lights which formed a circle of light with rectangle shape in middle of it. At 3:35 a.m., on the morning of 2/27/14, I woke to a loud bang sound that sounded like someone closing a car door hard.  Our home is 3 houses from the end of the street and the Chesapeake Bay is at the end of the street.  I got out of bed and looked out the window to see if someone was in our driveway.  The bedroom is on the front of the house on the 2nd floor.  No one was in the driveway though.   Then I opened the door which leads to the porch upstairs, which is off of my bedroom, to see if anyone was in the driveway next door, no one was there either.  I turned my head to look across the street and I saw an object.  It was between and behind my neighbors’ houses.   The object appeared round because there were a lot of individual round lights that were so bright that when you looked at them, you saw a circle.  The object moved then a few yards to the end of the street and above the Chesapeake Bay.  It just hovered there making no sound at all.   When I kept staring at the object trying to figure out what it was, I could see, only for a few seconds, what appeared to be something in the center of the bright lights.  It appeared to go straight across in the middle of all the lights.  It had a curved, rectangle shape.   The object then moved quickly to the right, which put it either in front of the homes on the street that runs parallel to the Bay, or the object went further out over the Bay.  I could not see it at this point.  I have never seen anything like this before.   The object did not make any sound at all.  It consisted of many round lights that were so bright.  Each light was round and they filled the circle from the middle to the edge.   When you looked at all the lights, they made a circle shape.;38.7992;-76.5287
