Silent, Fast moving Disc with color changing glow, over Army Training Base, not aircraft.;1982-01-14 05:00:00;8 seconds;Silent, Fast moving Disc with color changing glow, over Army Training Base, not aircraft. After Basic Training in the Army I was sent to Fort Lee, Virginia for my job training school. I remember this all because I was turning 21 and was keeping a daily notebook at the time. One morning while standing at attention in formation, something made me look up and to my right.  I noticed what looked to me like a large disc with a multi-colored glow about it. This was not a normal disc, it was somewhat elongated in the middle. It had a glow that appeared to be steady, only the glow around it seemed to be changing in color.  The outer glow was not one color at any time, however, it seemed to be many colors at once. I observed it as it crossed the crystal clear winter sky going from my right to my left. I can't remember the direction, however, it took only about eight seconds to cross the sky.  At that time I looked at the guys on both sides of me and whispered to them asking if they had seen it. Since we were at attention, they seemed annoyed at my asking. No one else seemed to see the object and I never asked again. Our Platoon Sargent then began talking and I stood still at attention without looking for the object again.  When I returned to the building, I drew a sketch in my notebook, however, the sketch was stolen along with other personal item after I left the Army.  The sky was so black, and the object so bright that I never forgot this sighting. It flew in a straight line and at a high rate of speed. My guess would be that it was at about 20,000 feet. The object was silent and the base was very quiet at 5 AM. This was not from a jet and flew to straight to be a shooting star. I could clearly see the object within the colorful glow around it. My view of it was as if looking at the side of a disc, not the bottom. The object may have been a long cylinder with rounded ends that came to a slight point, like a side view of a disc with an elongated center.  No further action by me and did not hear anything about it as girl chasing was most on my mind at the time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.2449;-77.3422
