Bright Light pulses twice in the sky, mysterious aircraft with no indicator lights trailed by two jets crosses same spot;2020-10-08 20:04:00;30 seconds;Bright Light pulses twice in the sky, mysterious aircraft with no indicator lights trailed by two jets crosses same spot Tonight I went outside to watch for shooting stars as part of the Draconid Meteor Shower with my son - 4 yrs old and my daughter - 8 years old.  We had about 20 minutes to play with before they had to go to bed.  We had a star tracker app that had notified me of the event.  The area of the sky that according to the app we were supposed to look was almost straight up, our necks got sore, and we got impatient soon.  My daughter and I started to think we were seeing bright flashes of light in different areas of the sky.  Then in the southern sky we both saw what looked like a super bright star, pulse on, then quickly off.  It did this just twice.  We were discussing it excitedly when I notice an aircraft with only a dim light “around” it moving from our right or east heading west toward Scott air force base located about a 40 minute drive from us and shortly it crossed right over the spot in the sky where we saw the pulsating “star”.  Periodically we see milita! ry aircraft crossing over our town and my wife has seen a B2 bomber overhead here once or twice.  I then noticed two air craft behind it that had typical strobing indicator lights on them and as all three got closer it became clear that the two air craft in the rear were jets and were following or escorting the first aircraft.  Do stealth b2 bombers fly with no indicator lights in US skies ordinarily, not from what I was able to find online?  What was the dim warm light that seemed to at least partially surround it mysterious first air craft?  There was a combined strangeness to it all:   I had just said a prayer for us to see something (I was thinking a shooting star, but), a mysterious briefly strobing star caused us to look around to see the unidentified air craft, said air craft crossed the same approximate spot we had seen the strobing star, and the first aircraft had not indicator lights.  Though I did not get a recording, I did attempt to record it with my phone, but! all I have for some reason is a single photo with a streak of! light a t the bottom.;38.3186;-90.1607
