I witinessed orange objects flying in unusual patterns coming from the horizon as well a silent and gliding black craft.;2012-10-20 19:15:00;10 minutes;I witinessed orange objects flying in unusual patterns coming from the horizon as well a silent and gliding black craft. On the night of October 20th, 2012, I was driving southbound on Route 10 just north of Delhi, New York. In the car with me was a long time friend.  We are both currently residents in the town of Delhi. The sky was mostly clear. At approximately 7:15 to 7:30 PM (last moments of twilight) we noticed a series of orange lights slowly flying toward us in an ascending manner.  These lights were not blinking, but steady in nature. Three of these lights were in the formation of a triangle.  The three lights together did not appear to be the edges of any solid object as the sky between them was visible. The three in formation were the first in a series.  Behind them, was a steady stream of other orange lights following in more or less a straight line.  These straight-line lights were arising from behind the mountains in the distance. The mountains in the distance were probably about ten miles or so away.  In gauging the size of the lights, if I were to hold a dime at arms length, I would imagine they would have been difficult to see.  If I was holding a small dried chickpea, they may have illuminated the edges. Because of the odd nature of these lights, we pulled the car over to the southbound shoulder just past Hoag Crossroad.  I know this was the exact location because when I got out to take photos, this is where my iPhone ‘geotagged’ the photos. From this location, we had the view of an open valley ahead of us at approximately eleven o’clock in relation to Route Ten.  This is where the lights could be seen coming toward us and from the mountains in the distance. When we got out of the car, I shut my lights in the hopes that it would not interfere with my intention of taking photos. As we watched and took photos, the three lights in triangular formation came to a stationary position for about twenty seconds.  They were still in the distance by a few miles and at least 45 degrees or more from the horizon. I then noticed that the lights in triangle formation begin to fade.  I could not ascertain whether they going away in the opposite direction or just fading.  Regardless, they disappeared. The same began to happen with the straight-line lights.  One by one they just disappeared in generally the same location as the triangular ones had. It was right around the time that the triangular lights were holding and fading when a woman driving a car also pulled over to see what was going on.  She then got out of her car to look as well. As we talked and watched the lights fading, I somehow noticed another object approaching us along Route 10.  It was coming from the same direction as the orange lights had been traveling. This object was not illuminated, but instead, barely visible because it was black and flying very low just above the tree-tops lining the road on our side. I shouted about it and pointed.  My friend and the woman also confirmed it.  Since the object was black against a nearly black sky it wasn’t easy to see. Prior to getting closer to us, it was more like an ink blob. But the closer it got, the more revealing the shape. If I had to give it a shape it was something like an inverted spade. Whatever it was, it was silent and steadily gliding. It’s speed wasn’t too fast.  I would judge it as 45 to 60 miles per hour. It’s size was somewhat difficult to judge, but in relation to the size of the trees and it’s low flying nature above the trees, I would estimate it at approximately three medium car widths across at the widest point- therefore, about 25 feet across. As it glided over our heads, I attempted to take a photo despite the near darkness.  To my surprise, the camera registered something because the focus indicator (a square box) zoomed in prior to releasing the shutter. After snapping the photo, the object seemed to descend into the trees just off to the side of us.  However, I am not sure if it descended or just kept flying out of site and away from us.  Both my friend and the woman quickly used their flashlight applications in their phones in an attempt to illuminate the wooded area off to our side, but nothing could be seen. Either way, at that point, it was no longer visible. We then turned our attention back to the valley area where the orange lights were seen and saw the last of the lights fading.  The actual number of orange lights was not counted but I would say, before the black object diverted our sights, there were approximately eight to ten in total. After the orange lights had faded, we talked about what we saw, and the woman’s daughter drove up to us because they had been communicating on the phone while some of this was happening.  Apparently, they didn’t live too far from this location. Shortly thereafter, we then noticed what were obviously a few military fighter planes now in the area where the orange lights had just been moments earlier.  I’m confident these were military fighter planes due to their main characteristics- fast nature and quick blinking lights. I distinctly remember those being the only kind of planes in the sky in the aftermath of 9-11.  Therefore, I’m quite familiar with them and know them as very different from commercial planes. At that point, the woman gave me her email and we drove home. As of this writing, I have so far looked at the photos, including one video I shot and unfortunately, not much registered.  However, in playing with some settings, I have been able to pull something out of the one photo of the black object.  It is not too clear and seems to have much pixilation due to the low light level, but there is something distinctly outlined. If I can flesh anything else out of the photos, I will send forward them.;42.2932;-74.9291
