update 9/11/95 ufo Pierce City;1995-09-11 16:30:00;few seconds;update 9/11/95 ufo Pierce City I am adding to my report of a sighting near Pierce City, Missouri on September 11, 1995. I first posted my account online in 1996 or 1997, but I’m not sure where I posted it, and have not found any record of the report to date.  My original report may have been written better than my recent one.  To the readers, I apologize for this shortfall. I spoke recently with the other witness and I have made a composite drawing of our accounts.  I neglected to describe the presence of portholes or windows in the side of the UFO.  The oversight is the result of poor preparation.  I apologize. Perhaps a more personalized account of the event will shed some additional light on the event.  The sighting occurred on September 11, 1995, the day after my father-in-law died.  My friend and I were traveling in my 1985 Pontiac Sunbird south along highway 97.  The time was certainly between 4:30 to 6:00 pm because the sun was still fairly high in the sky, but was beginning to cast long shadows.  The sky was clear, but there were high clouds, the air was fine and all things considered, it was a fine day for a drive.  I’ll recount the thoughts in my head in italics as the event unfolded:   JUST DRIVING. Great weather, nice drive dry pavement, sunshine, cool breeze As we headed south towards Pierce City, I was driving 50-55 mph and was getting prepared to slow down in a few moments, the edge of town was in sight from the hilltop and we began to crest down it.  A BLIMP? What’s that to my left?  Big Silvery metal-looking thing. Floating just above the trees. On down the hill, in a field to my front and left I noticed a cigar shaped object with bright lights coming from the center below it.  I assumed it was a blimp with a flashing advertising sign underneath it.  WHAT’S TO ADVERTISE? What are they trying to sell?  There’s just trees and squirrels out here.  Where’s the gondola (where people ride).. Oh portholes! how weird, retro, looks like something from a Jules Verne novel! Cool!  HAH At this point, I had noticed that there were porthole windows inside the object itself.  That is odd, blimps have big windows on the little gondolas that hang beneath it.  I remember seeing a single row of about 10 little glassy portholes along the side.  The lights below it were very bright, which I expected were just advertising lights.  Then I laughed out loud and pointed the object out to my friend.  I said,  Look at the blimp!  He knew I was wrong immediately. In a later conversation, we discussed the number of portholes, I thought there were between 7 and 10.  My friend said there were twelve.  When I asked him if there could have been 9, he said in a very matter of fact tone, There were TWELVE.  Rather than get beat up over the matter, I dropped the topic, and now that I think about it, 12 seems about right.  THOSE ARE BRIGHT LIGHTS! Those are bright lights on that thing. Ow they stab my eyes.  Maybe it’s just a reflection from the sun. Damn that hurts, why is the car all lit up??  Why is he being so quiet? In this very short time I found myself being confronted with bright lights, an awestruck passenger and a UFO, even though I still thought it was a blimp.  My laughter died when I was being  flashed by the lights.  If you’ve been flashed by a car on the highway at night, you can begin to understand the annoyance I was going through.  The car had a reddish-yellow glow on the inside from the lighting and I could see my own shadows in the back and passenger’s seats.  My friend was absolutely catatonic with his stare at the craft.  It was only then that I began to realize what was going on.  NOT A BLIMP AT ALL What’s he gawking at?  That’s no blimp. There’s no tail on it, no writing.  No gondola.  No propellers!! No tail fins!!  crap. As soon as I pass this tree, we can get a good look at this thing.   At the point I realize it is not a standard blimp is the point where my mind begins to race.  It should be noted that my eyes had a burning sensation. And we both felt a strong current going through us.  The current is no more than that weird feeling you get by standing to close to a microwave or watching tv from less than a foot.  (We both agree that there was nothing to get excited about) Because I am an avid reader and a speed reader, I have terrific eye speed.  I was able to search the craft for humans, writing and propellers.  It had none of them. As we began to approach a roadside tree, we were on pace to be alongside the craft in a matter of seconds. A SILVERY STREAK Alright let’s see what this is. Around this tree.  What?  Where is it?  A streak, going up  and right.  IT'S  OVER THE ROAD   Gone!  Gone  GONE. I wouldn’t know it was a UFO until the thing just vanished!  As I prepared to look as the tree passed from view, it plainly wasn’t there.  My friend just made a weird huh? noise and I noticed it was streaking up and to the right.( for you geometry people the rate of angle was 60 degrees, straight and at the speed of a blur).  When I say blurred, I mean the craft flashed like a strobe light and at a high speed.  It was quickly overhead and then disappeared completely.  The object had moved from a hover to a speed I would estimate as a little faster than the speed of aerial rockets in fireworks displays. What WAS that? I didn’t know then and I still don’t know now.  But I have happily reported all I know to the people of the world.  My friends have seen UFOs but they won’t report them.  That’s too bad.  But it is their own business, and I respect it.  I encourage others to report what they have seen.  It’s doubtful that the government will send thugs to your house, or aliens will abduct you for talking.  I don’t really believe in either entity much. I was moved by my sighting, as was my friend.  He would see another one later.  I know I shouldn’t tell his story, it’s not mine to tell, but I’ll share it anyway. After we saw the UFO in 1995, we searched the skies looking for another.  I haven’t seen one since, but in June 2003, my friend saw his SECOND UFO. He had been waiting for over 7 years to see one again.  He calmly pulled over to the side of the road, parked his car, and reached into the back seat.  What he was reaching for was his camera.  He had it handy.  He pointed and clicked.  But he had forgotten to wind his film.  He quickly wound his film and aimed.  As he got the UFO in the viewfinder, it disappeared!  Now he keeps his camera wound and ready.  He’ll get them next time I’m sure! It might sound like a made-up story, but I believe it, he’s not the type to kid around.  He just sighed and laughed, because he knows I believe him, we’re not crazy, and life is still too good to worry about things like that.;36.9693;-94.0046
Cigar- shaped metallic object hovers over field- shines light, disappears in daylight near Pierce City MO.;1995-09-11 16:30:00;5 sec.;Cigar- shaped metallic object hovers over field- shines light, disappears in daylight near Pierce City MO. I was driving with a friend of mine to Pierce City Missouri.  We were on highway 97 heading south.  The sun was shining bright that day and there were only a few high clouds.  About a mile north of the city, there are a few hills and valleys.  As we came down a hill, I noticed an object floating about a hundred feet from the ground. I assumed it was one of the Goodyear Mini-blimps that they have for sports events.  My first thought seemed reasonable, that it was flying somewhere for a big sports event, I had seen one fly over my house in 1985, so it was not a big surprise to see it. But two things caught my attention immediately.  First, it was a little skinny for a blimp and secondly, it seemed to be flashing a bright spotlight.  I laughed and pointed it to my friend in the passenger seat.  I had to watch the road, so I looked away for a second to drive, as we passed a tree. I became concerned because my friend's jaw was wide open, and he had a look of total blankness.  He was able to get a really good look at the object.  As we passed the tree I suddenly realized it was no blimp. There was no GOODYEAR written on the side, no propellers, no tail fins, no flashing signs.  What I thought was the harsh reflection of the sun on the skin of a balloon was in fact, a bright light coming from beneath a large (100') metallic cigar shaped craft. It was only about 100 or 150 yards from the road.  It was barely above tree top level.  I had assumed I would get a good look at it as we continued down the highway.  The object continued to hover for a second, then vanished into a shadowy streak, climbing altitude and disappearing over the road. The whole event lasted about 5 seconds.  The craft made no sounds.  A few hundred yards down the road, we saw a family bar-b-que outside, but they were totally oblivious to the sighting.  There were no other cars on the road, so it seems there were only two witnesses. My friend got a much better look at the craft then I did.  He told me later that there were beams of light shooting out from underneath it.  I can remember being hit with the light, which was very bright.  Because the sun was starting to set on the other side of the road, to my right,my thought was that an unlucky reflection was hitting me in the eye. What I didn't see, that the passenger did, was that as we came down the hill, two beams of light (like search lights) poured out from the craft and pointed at the car. The light was very bright, but annoyed me to look away. Very quickly, I began to have difficulty remembering the shape of the craft and what it was doing.  A couple of days later, I had forgotten about the lights and was forgetting the shape.  The only thing that was clear to me was what went on in my mind.  I remember what I was thinking just as clearly today as then (8 years later).  I have trouble remembering what I SAW.  That's odd. Fortunately my friend remembers it all.  He doesn't talk about it much, I don't think he'll ever say more about it.  We have all the details locked in our memories between us. UFOs are pretty common here in Missouri.  There was a sighting this morning (Sept. 19, 2003) outside of Carthage MO (64836)- but I didn't see it- so I can't report it.  Four cars saw it, maybe someone else will. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  We will invite the witness to submit a second report about the apparent sighting in Carthage.  PD));36.9693;-94.0046
