white flashes and red laser beams;2006-10-04 01:00:00;ongoing;white flashes and red laser beams We were at the time a new family to Sarpy county, my job had brought my family to Sarpy County and following what now has occurred, needless to say we are heading back to Missouri.  One evening my wife witnessed something of what appeared to be at the time white flashes in our bedroom that was coming through our window. These bright white flashes were continual and only appeared in the early hours of morning.  After the third day of this going on we had contacted our neighbor and asked him if he had seen any unusual white flashes in the early morning hours and he looked at us like we were insane.  My wife including our three children ended up sleeping together until we found out what these white flashes were, only problem is other things started happening. Around two and three in the early morning hours we started hearing a low hum similar to a vibration, so I took my ladder out and climbed up on our roof and seen no cable interruption. In my line of work I work for an electrical company but I will not mention which one out of the fear of possible retaliation.  My wife as well as my eldest child felt our home was haunted but something kept telling me differently, for example one evening we heard such a loud noise like a jet blast but throughout the entire sky and to this day I have never heard such a loud noise and hopefully we never will again.  These white flashes seemed to subside to only then be replaced by what appeared to be a red laser type of beam. This beam for a better word would spell out threats on our bedroom wall as well as through our house, again emphasizing that my wife said our home was haunted.  Then it happened, one evening the threats started getting worse and we started to see a few circular objects in the Southern sky and after contacting more than just a few local officials, for the most part each one felt we had lost our minds.  They and by they I am referring to whoever or whatever was using these red beams started writing on our walls information that no one had any access to and it started to cause a very prominent divide in our family.  Some of the words that to this day still standout were such words as die, filthy, leave,  you cannot make us leave, Norma [my wife felt maybe a correlation to Marilyn Monroe?], they whoever they are mentioned they still are visiting others who they have talked to before and they wanted me to go public which I refused and that seemed to anger them worse.  This red beam went as far as naming each member of our family and each evening it grown worse. The writing started lasting later into the morning and longer, personally I started losing more sleep as each day passed until finally we had enough and we now are staying with friends until we move back to Missouri where my wife has family.  When this red beam was writing, it would also make direct contact to my wife on her body including myself and we could feel heat from it. After it started leaving marks on my wife in the form of small burns around her head, neck, ears, and along her legs. That is when we moved to a friends home that I met after moving to Sarpy county.  I want to tell anyone who may be reading this that I am an electrician by trade and in no way shape or form have I in my entire life ever have dealt with anything like this and to those others who these things refer to, my family who are dealing with this, our heart goes out to you.  To all the officials we contacted I would like to end this by saying thank you for nothing.;41.2571212025319;-96.033373312237
Silver Object/Flash Appears in Sky- Disappears, then Reappears;2007-04-04 16:53:00;1 minute;Silver Object/Flash Appears in Sky- Disappears, then Reappears Driving home from work traveling west, I noticed a silver object/flash in the south southwest sky. We had clear sunny skies. I watched it for about 5 seconds then it disappeared. About 20 seconds later it reappeared in the same area and was again visible for 5 seconds. It disappeared as before. I thought at first it could be an airplane, but I noticed a small plane a few moments later and it was a lot different that this. This object appeared then disappeared as if it was never there to begin with. I would have dismissed this as my imagination except it reappeared.;41.2571212025319;-96.033373312237
