Football shaped glowing orange light drifts straight across sky, west to east,  to the top of a very tall TV tower and then disappears;1969-03-01 00:00:00;thirty seconds;Football shaped glowing orange light drifts straight across sky, west to east,  to the top of a very tall TV tower and then disappears Orange football shaped light drifts west to east across the night sky towards a TV tower. The orange light goes out when it appears to touch the top of the TV tower  Date: February or March 1969 (approximate certainly between Feb 1 and May 1 of 1969)  Time: Near Midnight. Location West suburbs of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska, USA  Visibility: Very Good, crystal clear atmosphere on the ground and up to the cloud base. Overcast sky with very high ceiling providing an opaque, starless, moonless background. Situation: Omaha, Nebraska has three very tall TV transmission towers on a hill on North 72nd Street and Crown Point Drive. These towers are about 1200 feet in height from base to the top. They are situated on one of the highest hills in the Omaha area, between Military Ave. ( a north-west to south-east diagonal street) on the south,  and Crown Point Drive (an east-west running street) on the north, with North 72nd Street (a north-south running street) immediately to the east.  The towers are arranged in a more or less North - South line. They are each about 600 feet apart, so the south tower is a total of about 1200 feet from the north tower. The middle tower is offset to the east about 200 feet, though most people think the  three towers look to be in a straight north - south line with each other. Line of sight: Clear, unobstructed view. My line of sight with the towers was almost exactly 45 degrees south-west to the north-south running line up of the towers. I was almost exactly six miles due south-west from the towers. Distance: I was almost exactly six miles due south-west from the TV Towers. Size of “UFO” , my guess, explained below, is that the UFO was somewhere between 50 to 100 feet long. Shapw: It was shaped like an American football strongly pointed at both ends and completely symmetrical. As it traveled the pointed ends were front and rear. It traveled in a very flat, straight horizontal line. Appearance: The UFO was shaped like an American football. It was a bright, glowing, uniform orange color much the color of true neon light (not “florescent” neon colors). It glowed steadily with no pulsation or variation in brightness or color. I was driving North on 132nd Street (a north-south running street), just north of Pacific Street (an east-west running street) traveling slightly up hill. That hill on 132nd St. crests just a few hundred yards north of the Pacific Street intersection. As I crested the rise I could clearly see the three towers as outlined by their red blinking warning lights. I was intimately familiar with this stretch of road as I grew up very near there. Again I was driving and looking due north. I had to look to the right to see the towers as I crested the hill. I saw something I’d never seen before. A small orange light the shape of an American football was slowly drifting from west to east towards the towers. The “football” was moving in a perfectly flat horizontal line and the long axis of the “football” was horizontal, like a football would be if being thrown. To me it looked just like an orange neon light in both color and the way it glowed very fascinating and pleasant to look at, neither too bright nor too dim. I laughed as reminded me of a florescent orange Nerf Football, though it truly was illuminated. This orange glowing “football” was traveling in a perfectly flat horizontal line, and apparently from my position,  headed directly towards the top-most tip of the northern most TV tower. As there were no other cars on the road, I stopped the car and turned off the headlights leaving only the parking lights on, so as to minimize any extraneous light. I sat there watching this “football” for probably no more than 30 seconds (certainly less than a minute.) until it, apparently from my view point, drifted right up to where the leading tip of the “football” touched the top tip of the north TV tower and then it (the “football”) blinked out, went dark, never to reappear. This left no visible outline. It was as if the “football” just disappeared. I sat there for probably an additional five minutes waiting to see if the “football” would reappear, but it did not. There was NO effect to the TV towers. The red safety lights on all three towers continued to blink normally the whole time. There was NO flash when the football touched the tower. The orange glow of the football never varied, never pulsed it simply went out when it touched the tower. I was absolutely fascinated by this and not the least bid frightened or disturbed, but then again, it appeared to be a fairly long way off from me. Now, granting that I was six miles from the TV towers and it was night, so all I could see were the blinking red safety lights on the towers and the constant orange glow of the “football”, I cannot say for certain how the “football” actually lined up with the TV towers or where it actually was physically with relation to the towers BUT, from my vantage point it appeared that the “football” was at the very same altitude as the top of the north tower and that the “football” drifted right up to the top tip of the north tower and then went dark when it “touched” the tip of the tower. Having said the above if the “football” actually did touch the top of the tower, and then gauging its size in proportion to the tower, I would say that the horizontal length of the “football” would have been between 50 (fifty) to 100 (one hundred) feet in length.;41.2571212025319;-96.033373312237
Very fast moving object!!!!!!!!;1980-07-15 22:00:00;2 second;Very fast moving object!!!!!!!! My father and I were outside gazing at the stars one night. I was about 12 years old.  The image never left my mind... An oval shaped glowing object raced across the sky above us.  I didn't make any noise, it just flew east to west in the sky.  I was facing south when it happened.  The sky was clear that night and no clouds were present so it could not have been a reflection of light off anything.  I seen it plain and clear!!! A trail of light was behind it from probably traveling so fast!  It dissapeared into the night in about 2 seconds. It was probably 100ft up in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.2571212025319;-96.033373312237
U.F.O hovering over trees in Nebraska;1988-06-10 22:30:00;5-8min;U.F.O hovering over trees in Nebraska I was 13 years old when I had my one and only true U.F.O sighting/experience. It was around 10:30pm when my mother, brother and I had just gotten home from an event. We lived on a horse shoe street which was somewhat surrounded by tall trees (50 feet plus). We had just pulled in the drive way and as we were getting out of the car my mother says What is that? and as plain as day hovering about these tall trees was a U.F.O. My brother says that’s a flying saucer. There is no doubt to what we are seeing. This is visible no more than 200 feet away. This saucer length had to be at least 6-8 maybe more diesels long all lined up together. I was amazed at what I was seeing. I just could not believe my own eyes. This saucer hovered over these trees for 5-10min. It had several white lights around the outer part. After 5-10min it began to rise slowly and I mean slowly and with in a few seconds it took off at an angle leaving just a tracer of its path and it was gone. I can close my eyes today and see it all over. I will NEVER forget. I look to the sky all the time hoping to see one again.  Also, I myself have experience what I believe was an alien encounter. I believe this occurred after the sighting not sure of the date/time but there was light outside. I was sitting in my bed reading a book and my back is to the bed room entrance. So, I’m reading and I feel 3 taps on my left shoulder and mentally I’m assuming it’s my brother and as I turn and look over my shoulder I see a white figure with an oval shaped head and black oval eyes and I freaked out . I jumped up and ran out of my house. I’ve seen this figure described on television by other people whom have claimed of seeing aliens but some people say its grey or some color but what I saw was white. It freaks me out to even think about it. I believe there are chosen people to see the things we see and I feel bad for the people that will never truly believe and know that we are not alone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.2571212025319;-96.033373312237
Circle object with mutiple white light seen on the wext sky over Omaha Ne.;2001-01-19 21:15:00;9.30pm;Circle object with mutiple white light seen on the wext sky over Omaha Ne. the object was in the west sky at a low elevatiion with multiple white lights with a large red one on the bootom that would flare up  at intervals... There seems to be a dar round shadow moving around the objest blocking out the light for sometime..As I write this the object can be observed, but at some distance now... ((NUFORC Note:  We wonder if the witness may have been looking at Venus, but that is a guess.  PD));41.2571212025319;-96.033373312237
ufo spotted near hospital during labor and tornados.;2004-05-23 20:31:00;5 min.s;ufo spotted near hospital during labor and tornados. I wa the only witness as far as i know I was in labor with my youngest child he was bor at 4:20 the following morning there were tornado warnings and a large thunderstorm in the area at the time I was looking out the window to try and relax and i saw it .  I didnt say anything at the time because i thought it was the drugs I was on but I found out later that they had given me drugs at least 3 times and. after the event it was as if my body was rejecting them I could feel all the pain of my labor and the hospital still doesnt know why .  the nurse said they had given me enough drugs to put me to sleep or enough so that i wouldnt be able to walk for at least a week. I asked my boyfriend at the time if he could see it to and he didnt even look they just closed the blinds. but before they could i saw a lighting strick just bounce off it and hit a light pole.;41.2571212025319;-96.033373312237
Troubles With Unexplained Laser Beams;2006-05-02 01:00:00;2 Hours;Troubles With Unexplained Laser Beams My wife and I have been seeing during the day a few strange oval shaped type craft above our home, they appear to be using the Sun as a form of absorption if that makes any sense whatsoever.  We have called numerous individuals as well as several agencies without any help in return. During the day they appear on film and we have them recorded, yet to the plain ordinary eye they are not visible. When my wife and I first seen them we were filming our 6 year old son flying his kite when we first noticed them.  The same evening when this first occurred we had an experience that is still ongoing. At first we assumed that a child had a laser pointer, we seen a red laser enter into our master bedroom and literally bounced off our walls, our 6 year old son yelled at the same time and had the same red beam of light in his bedroom and that evening needless to say he slept with us.  We cannot explain this without coming across as insane, yet we are getting no help in regards to whom we have currently contacted. We now see these red beams during the day in our home and after trying to record them on film they disappear. Our son is petrified due to he stated that these red beams were talking to him and after we asked him what he meant he stated they were spelling out words as well as language to him.  I will not go into any detail as to what these beams have spelled out, we are in fear that it will get worse if even possible at this point in time. They claim to not be from Earth, furthermore they claim to do us harm.  We are at a dead end and ready to move and we are searching for anyone else in or around the Omaha area who has witnessed anything similar. These beams have been everywhere in our home and the troubling thing is what they spell out.  Again, in closing,  we only hope someone here might have had any similar problems with these types of beams and what have you done to stop them? We are one step away from moving. The language they have expressed through writing for a better word has been anything but friendly.  When these beams enter our home our 6 year old son knows right away, directly above our home we hear a very loud humming, almost a whirling sound.;41.2571212025319;-96.033373312237
Large, oval/rectangle shaped craft hovering for a few moments, before disappearing. ((anonymous report));2018-11-02 23:40:00;5 minutes;Large, oval/rectangle shaped craft hovering for a few moments before disappearing. It was sometime around 11 at night, maybe early 12, and me and a group of four friends were heading through Omaha, Nebraska.  We were in the suburbs, close to downtown but not in it, but I could see over the houses into the big city area.   There was an oval/rectangle shaped craft in the sky, with two lights on the sides of it, but that was it for lights.  I thought at first it was an airplane, but after a few moments of staring at it I realized it couldn't have been.  It was hovering around the tops of the buildings, and was staying pretty still.  I watched it for a few moments, before we passed by a treeline, and I lost sight of it.  When we re-emerged, the craft was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.2571212025319;-96.033373312237
We saw 3 glowing oval objects in the sky last night.;2021-04-15 00:45:00;15 minutes;We saw 3 glowing oval objects in the sky last night. Jerry and I both saw 3 orb like objects in the sky last night.  They were glowing red/orange bright light.  They were very low. About 500-800 ft in the sky.  They were in a straight line.  Then they started moving slowly towards the south.  As they moved forward one paused in front of our house and then went west and disappeared.  The other two continued south slowly and paused in our side yard airspace then slowly dimmed and disappeared.   I don’t know how to explain what they could have been.  The dogs woke us up around 12:45am.  It went on until about 12:59 am.  It was amazing.  One of the orbs sat right outside our balcony and just dissolved away.  They were very large and glowing.  I could hear a faint humming sound.;41.2571212025319;-96.033373312237
