2 lights, with the brightest of the 2 changing shapes;2001-08-11 02:00:00;unkown, at least 2+ hours;2 lights, with the brightest of the 2 changing shapes My girl friend and I saw 2 ufo's. I observed them from the other side of the lake I was staying at. They looked about 3-4 miles away. I stayed at Salmon lake in a cabin for a week with my family, so that is why I do not have all the location information. I had never seen anything like them before, looking at them made me afraid, for whatever reasons I am still trying to understand. The lights were near the horizon and very bright. The light they emitted was a white light. The first light I saw was the brightest. It cast a reflection on the lake. It had 3 different shapes that it kept alternating into every few minutes. The first shape looked like two balls that were stuck together, then it appeared to move closer to me and would turn into a five point star, then it appeared to be moving farther away from me and change into a fine point of light. The light did have an aura around, but you had to look hard to see it. The light appeared to be stationary. A few times it did move rather rapidly, but would stay in near the same place as it moved. The first time I saw it move was when it made a figure 8. A few other times it moved ever so slightly, but didn't really go anywhere. It also made a few sparkles but that only happened when other aircraft came near it. I saw 5-6 planes go near the two objects, it was hard to see them becuase that didn't have very bright lights flashing like most air liners you see. The planes could have been from the military, it looked like one of them shot a missile at it one time, (that is when I saw the first sparkle) but I dont know if that idea would be true, or becusae I have wathced to many UFO shows in the past. The 2nd ufo I saw was higher in the sky than the 1st, and it stayed in the same spot the whole time I was watching. It was not as bright and was about 1/2 the size as the 1st light. It had a shape of the two balls stuck togther the whole time. I didn't see the lights come in. I just had gone outside and saw them. I didn't see them leave either. I had watched them for a couple hours and the desire for sleep took over since my family was leaving early in the morning to head back to where I live. I would have stayed to see them depart, but they didnt show any signs of leaving...I could have been there till daylight watching them, or maybe just a few more minutes. I guess I will never know. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the individual was looking at celestial bodies, but that is a guess.  PD));44.5133;-69.7403
