Unknown lights observed above Laguna Hills;2000-11-03 20:30:00;1-3 minutes;Unknown lights observed above Laguna Hills Driving south into southern Orange County on the 73 fwy, I noticed, off in the distance above hills of Nellie Ranch, 6 lights that took the form of a Christmas Tree.  * * * * * * My first impression was that they were flairs dropped by the military, only I have never observed flairs dropped anywhere in Orange county before. The lights then began to fade out at a consitant rate.It reminded me of video seen of the Phoenix lights that were viewed from a distance.;33.58965;-117.7008125
Very Bright  *V* shaped light coming from aircraft. HUGE amount of Light uncomparable to a plane in the same vision of field.;2005-09-22 19:30:00;10 minutes;Very Bright  *V* shaped light coming from aircraft. HUGE amount of Light uncomparable to a plane in the same vision of field. My husband was on the phone with a coworker when his coworker made a comment about a strange object in the sky.  My husband went out on our balcony and called me up to see it.  I couldn't see the actual shape, and it flew in a straight line at the time I saw it, like any other aircraft.  It had a light coming from the back of it that was BRIGHT and in a V shape...(a *v* on it's side) We live close to the Santa Ana Airport and this was not ever seen before.  You could see other planes in the distance and it did not compare to this. Behind it moving my head to the right it was leaving a trail.  There were beautiful loops that had been left in it's wake.  It was dusk and it was surprising that an aircraft could leave such a lit up trail.  I went to get my camera as it was moving on and I came back in just a short second at it was gone...there was no immediate trail left, just the lit up loops.  My husband and I thought wow!  The amount of light coming from this aircraft was phenom.  Oh yeah...where the loops were located...the trees were in my vision but I could see where the loops might have started the color was quite red.  Could have something to do with sunset colors, but it was dusk at that point. ((NUFORC Note:  Vandenberg AFB missile launch.  PD));33.58965;-117.7008125
Five objects moving together in close formation, hovering, and then moving off in seperate directions.;2006-08-01 21:00:00;5 minutes;Five objects moving together in close formation, hovering, and then moving off in seperate directions. The event occurred just over one year ago, at the beginning of August 2006. At approximately 9 o’clock PM, I watched a red light approach from the south-east. It was high in the sky, so at first I thought it was possibly a commercial aircraft. As it began moving overhead, it began to slow down noticeably. At this point, I called to my wife to watch with me. Once it was directly overhead, it stopped entirely. It was at this time that I noticed that the red light was surrounded by four white lights. If the red light was a square, the four white lights would be at the corners, one light at each corner. They were high enough that I could not tell whether they were physically touching or simply in close proximity.  The five lights hovered for about thirty seconds. Then, simultaneously, the four white lights shot off in separate directions, each one traveling toward one of the four cardinal compass points. They moved fast enough that after only a second I could no longer see them, but slow enough that I could track their progress until my view of them was blocked by surrounding trees and houses.  The red light remained stationary for another thirty seconds to a minute, and then vanished. When I say vanished, I don’t mean that it moved off, or that it faded away. It simply disappeared, as if someone flicked a light switch.  I’m sorry that I could not describe the shape of the objects. If the event had occurred during the day, I don’t think I would have seen them at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));33.58965;-117.7008125
