Loud fog horn like sound, and huge gusts of wind and a large triangular object flying towards the atmosphere. Major static in the air.;2015-03-18 14:05:00;1 minute;Loud fog horn like sound, and huge gusts of wind and a large triangular object flying towards the atmosphere. Major static in the air. I was walking home from about 2-3 blocks away and as I reached our neighbors house, out of nowhere an ear piercing horn sounded.  If I had to describe it, I would say a Fog Horn would best imitate it.  At first I thought it was one of my neighbors mowing their lawn and I started to look around my street.  Not a single person was outside of their house. Some houses didn’t even have cars in the driveway.  The horn kept getting louder as I reached the bottom of our driveway and I could hear my dog going ballistic from inside my home.  Around two seconds later I felt my hair stand up and my sweatpants start to cling to my legs as I was about to be struck by lightning.  I didn’t mind that as much as the horn though.  I eventually thought that it could have been a helicopter or a plane flying overhead.  There were only two things wrong with that idea.  The first was that the sound’s “tune” didn’t increase nor decrease as it kept a very low horn like sound.  The second thing that was wrong with my theory was that when I looked up to check to see if it was actually a plane or a helicopter, I saw the actual UFO.  It was not like anything I had ever seen before.  I saw it for a good 4-5 seconds before it disappeared into the atmosphere.  It looked like it was in an Isosceles Triangle shapes and shot straight up into the sky.  I did not see any form of thrusters or propellant as my angle may not have been good enough to see them if there were any.   When I saw it, it sort of hovered over my neighbor’s house at about normal helicopter height and as time continued for the next 4-5 seconds it shot straight up towards the sky and disappeared in an instant.   I ended up being completely scared to death and I sprinted up my driveway and started banging on the door to my house.  At this time my mother who had also heard the loud horn sound, was taking care my dog who was still barking like crazy.  He stopped as soon as I entered the house.  I then told my mother e! verything that I had saw just then and she told me about the h! orn that she had thought to be a neighbor as well.  I simply just tried to shrug it off and forget it but it was too weird and creepy to be left alone.  This all occurred on March 18th, 2015, at around 14:05 pm EST.;42.2946566929133;-71.4301905511811
