Dark boomerang shaped UFO hovers over MIA airport then flies upward past arriving airliner;1989-09-29 06:15:00;approx 15 min;Dark boomerang shaped UFO hovers over MIA airport then flies upward past arriving airliner I am not the eye witness, but I questioned closely the controller involved. I was an air traffic controller at Miami International at the time this event occured. I came on duty at 10 o'clock am on this day. The whole facility was buzzing so I asked what was going on. The person I asked said that the midnighters had seen a UFO at the airport early..I did not get the full details for several weeks. The controller was obviously upset over what he had witnessed and refused to talk about it. I waited a few weeks for the right time and when it was quiet I asked this controller to tell me the whole story. Bob said that he working the midnight shift and his relief had arrived up in the tower cab as well as a flight data assistant (three total). They were chatting and one them looked up at the tower radar display. Something was quickly moving across the scope from the north and toward the airport. The observer called out and they all started looking out the windows (it's dark but getting light in the east). To the north something low was covering up the lights on the ground. At this point the UFO is almost over airport. They all saw it as it came to a hover over the commuter ramp, (low, 100 feet or less) which is in the middle of the airport. At this point I stopped the story to ask a question how big was it? Bob said it was about the size a B-727, which is quite large. He also said that it was dark in color, maybe dark olive. The object hovered over a vehicle and turned on a bright light. There was a ramp person in the vehicle asleep. The ramp vehicles all have radios tuned to the ground control frequency. This person started screaming on frequency for the tower to quit playing pranks. The light stayed on for several minutes. Remember it's getting lighter outside every minute. The light turned off and it continued to hover. Now it's light enough to see detail. The object the rises vertically and passes very close to a an arriving Eastern Airlines A-300. The aircraft was coming in from the south and was on downwind and preparing to land. The pilot asked what the hell was that? The controllers said that they did not know. The object continued up to many thousands of feet, but still visible fron the ground. At this point two other controllers were driving into work. One was coming in from the south and the other from the north. They both saw the object ascend and watched it until it stopped. When it stopped it stayed motionless for several minutes and then it started to gyrate wildly. While it was gyrating it had many multi-colored lights flashing. The object performed like this for several more minutes. When it stopped it stayed motionless for several minutes and then suddenly went vertically out of sight. In the the tower things were hectic trying to see if the radar room could see anything and getting the airliner on the ground. While taxiing in the pilot asked if the controllers knew anything more and then stated well I guess I've seen one now. Over the next hour or so answers started coming from various agencies, none of which were accepted by the controller witnesses. In the end the FAA told them to say nothing of the event. One final thing, Bob mentioned that for the next couple of hours (no wind) a yellow-green haze was seen to stay in the area where the object was hovering.This event was a catalyst, of sorts, to open a host of stories from other controllers.  All very interesting. You can e-mail or call for more details if you wold like. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
Boomerang-Shaped Craft Spinning Slowly and Steady in the Night Sky;1999-10-31 21:00:00;0.5 to 1 minute;Boomerang-Shaped Craft Spinning Slowly and Steady in the Night Sky My sighting happened a long time ago, over 20 years ago. I have faint images in my mind but I remember exactly what I saw and what happened that night. It was between the years of 1997 and 1999, I know without a doubt it was a Halloween night and it was after dark. I remember staring up at the sky and seeing something shaped like a boomerang with round white lights on the bottom. It was spinning at a slow but steady rate while revolving elliptically and moving in one direction. I was stuck gazing at it (I don’t know for how long, maybe a minute or so) and I remember my mother screaming in terror, she brought me close to her and covered my face and I could hear her praying and asking god to help us. She also saw something but what her and I saw were two entirely different things. I saw a boomerang shaped craft high up in the sky. My mother saw a crown-like disk shaped object (about the diameter of a beach ball, she says) that flew and stopped right in front o! f her and then vanished ridiculously fast into the sky as soon as she began to yell and pray. I tried to look up to find the boomerang shape craft after she released me but it was not there anymore. Till this day, my mother and I still remember that night and we talk about it from time to time. We both are certain that we saw something that night, I was between the ages of 7 and 9 years old.;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
Hazy, chevron or crescent shaped object moving rapidly and silently North to South.;2000-10-13 20:00:00;5-8 sec;Hazy, chevron or crescent shaped object moving rapidly and silently North to South. I am a retired computer engineer.  I stepped out on my front porch at approx. 8 pm and looked up to see how clear the sky was, and saw what I initially thought was a single small cloud, but symmetrical with a sort of cresent or chevron shape, moving from directly overhead to due South.  It was moving in a straight line from North to South but much faster than a cloud and did not change shape until it disappeared beyond other houses.  There was no noise, no distinguising lights.  It appeared the size of my thumb and forefinger extended at arms length and would have traveled from horizon to horizon in less than 15 seconds. I do not know the altitude, so actual size and speed would be impossible to determine. I thought perhaps it had been one of these rotating ground spotlights, but it moved in a straight line rather than an arc, there were no clouds to reflect off of, no beam, and it never came around again.  After seeing it, I recalled seeing a similar event a couple of years ago while in my backyard, but on a very cloudy night, and just dismissed it as a lower, fast moving cloud - Now I'm not so sure.;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
Boomerang or V shaped UFO.;2012-04-26 21:00:00;15 seconds;around 3 months ago i was giving my dog food outside on my balcony of my apartment, i always look up at the stars because all my life i have seen weird stuff on the skies. so this night coming from the south towards the north i saw a boomerang or V shaped UFO it had at least 5 lights on each side i can't say how far it was but it was definitely far out maybe a couple of miles up... So tonight i went to Google and typed boomerang shaped UFO in Miami Florida and came across this site and saw that a woman saw exactly what i saw that night, i can't say it was the same night but it was definitely around that day, she saw it coming from the south towards the north and it was the same shaped as what i saw, it had small lights they looked like stars forming a boomerang shaped or v shaped.  here are some links of what it looked like. http://www.mufoncms.com/files/12493_submitter_file1__boomerangUFOGER.JPG   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIp_exFN_Ys;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
