Foggy Cone;2001-06-25 21:00:00;5 minutes;Foggy Cone It was about 9 pm when i was smoking outside my friend's apartment, she came out to asked me something, and we started talking while i consumed the cigarette, then she looked up and notice a light, but it looked and moved very strange, not like a plane, it was grey-blue like but kind of opaque and it was moving upward in circles, it had a light at the bottom which shape looked light a cone of light, and was producing a kind of fog around itself as it move, like a cloud sorrouding it, then fast and without any sound it vanished right in front of our eyes, my ex hunsband believes in this things called ufos, i belive now it is true, i called him right away i told him he should be jealous because we just witness one, i am not into technology so i really spend my days thinking the least about these things, but somehow i have come to realized that there must be other creatures out there, and why not more advanced than us.....i cannot say how big the craft of thing was, i dont haqve the technical background to more or less guess based on the distance and angle, but it was straight up upon us. I told my ex he said he would call it a weather balloon, except that there are no such things in this are which is LE Jeune Road right by the airport of miami florida.. well just to let you know this thing really happend it is not a hoax or a lie, i have no intereste what so ever in being belived, my ex is the one writing this letter, he thinks that if other people witnessed it and they post it some where this will help prove that something in fact took place on the nitght of June 24, 2001. actualy the person writing this is my freinds ex husband... you can call my ex at 305 ((deleted)) the name is ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We assume that the witness describes the dramatic event that occurred off the coast of Florida on Monday night, June 25th, not June 24th.  We have amended the date here accordingly.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that the cluster of reports that appear her for the evening of Monday, June 25, 2001, were caused by the launch of an ICBM by the U. S. Navy from the Kennedy Space Center at approximately 2115 hrs. (EDT).  We are grateful to the FAA Military Liason office in Jacksonville, FL the USAF 45th RANDS unit and the Naval Operations and Testing Unit (NOTU) for their assistance in our attempt to determine the cause of these reports.  A similar test was conducted by the USS West Virginia submarine off the east coast of Florida on March 07, 1998, which caused similar reports.  PD));25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
Flashing, circular object at intense speed over streetway!;2007-03-04 18:45:00;10 seconds;Flashing, circular object at intense speed over streetway!  I was driving towards a red light at a corner, and over the trees up above we saw a cone-like object moving at modernate speeds but seemed faster than a convetional airplane.  It was moving rather slow, yet super fast, almost hovering . . . as an airplane wouldn't fly like this.  There was an intense white and yellow pulsating lights around it.  The cone-like object seemed super small. Like half the size of my vehicle. So I would say that it was around 6 feet across, and around, at the minimum.  The object wasn't too high up, but the trees made it hard to see until it appeared that a plane was coming into its path and it did a complete 180 degree turn to the left and then went straight up.  When I turned on the red light, I turned to see where it went but it was completely gone.  However, we did notice a very bright, unusal star hovering very high above.  But it was much larger than the object we had seen.  This very bright object was in path with the smaller object.  Strange. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
