At 01:00 hrs looking out my room window I saw about 14 lights moving in the sky, they  began to pair off and move in diffrent direction;1975-11-20 01:00:00;3 hours;At 01:00 hrs looking out my room window I saw about 14 lights moving in the sky, they  began to pair off and move in diffrent directions. Two came down in my direction, one moved to the east the other 30ft overhead of where I was.  it changed light color as it was comming down, and when it reached 30 ft of me I saw that it was metalic and had windows and someother things on the outside.  It hovered and sort of dipped up and down in the front. suddenly a very bright light burst into my room, It was a orange shade of light, and I blacked out. I woke up standing up at about 04:00 hrs and was very shaken and afraid. The object was oval and a more narrow front than back, It looked to be about  12 feet long and about 5 or 6 feet wide in the center. It had windows in the front and on each side. also there were other objects on the front that were what looked to me like lights mabe or what I don't know they had a blue color to them. It made no noise that I could hear,  I could feel a prickley sensation, like sound would make if the base was turned to high. When the light burst suddenly into the room I only saw it for about 2 seconds before I blanked out.  When I woke the room was as it was before only I was by my door instead of the window. I was completely terrified, I Didn't  leave my room for several hours. In that time I was unable to believe what had happened. I told my mother when she got up and was in the kitchen.  The raido was on and on the news we heard that a police officer reported a UFO sighting about the same time as mine, He was located near burdines mall on Kendal drive, which is southeast of where I was.;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
saw oval shape, time-21:54, after what seemed like 2 seconds time was 22:26. dont know what happend.;2003-02-14 21:54:00;32 minutes;saw oval shape, time-21:54, after what seemed like 2 seconds time was 22:26. dont know what happend. Me and my b/f saw one on valentines day when driving to miami. It was 21:54. We saw 1 craft then all of a sudden in was 22:26!;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
It was oval shape bright white blue ball in the middle with a oval halo around it and came out from the sky into another dimension.;2003-07-08 22:15:00;2 seconds;It was oval shape bright white blue ball in the middle with a oval halo around it and came out from the sky into another dimension. I had just come back from a 40 minute walk and got into my bathing suit and went in my pool to cool down. Like many nights I like to float on my back and stare at the sky.  Tonight was a very clear sky no clouds at all in the sky. All of the sudden a very bright white light almost had blue around it came out of the sky like if it shot out of different dimension and i saw it pass by for 2 seconds and it looked like it went into another demension there was no sound at all i was very surprise that something could just disappear so quickly. Now the reason why i don't think it was a shooting star because in the middle of this oval object was a very bright white ball of light,and it had a ring around the light that was also white. I almost looked like the planet Saturn. The bright ball of light was the planet and the ring around the planet was like a halo. I thought it was coming towards me but it all of the sudden disappeared. I wonder if i was the only one to see this i would love to find out what it was i saw i hope it was a UFO. I hope that there is others out there too.;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
2 of us saw a  bright oval shaped object and it hovered in one place and got brighter and brighter for 15 minutes and then disappeared.;2003-08-15 22:30:00;15 minutes;2 of us saw a  bright oval shaped object and it hovered in one place and got brighter and brighter for 15 minutes and then disappeared. I saw an oval shaped object in the sky and it was very bright.  We thought it was a plane at first or even a star, but it was not moving or making any noise and it seemed way too big to be a star.  It seemed very close. It hovered there getting brighter and then dimmer.  We believe it would get brighter as it got closer and dimmer as it went up.  It stayed bright in the sky for about 15 minutes and then disappeared.  It seemed to have taken off so fast upward, that we saw it disappear.;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
Object moved fast back and forth but aslo stayed still at times sometimes changingt colors.;2007-01-01 02:00:00;hours;Object moved fast back and forth but aslo stayed still at times sometimes changingt colors. Object moving across moon. Able to see clearly with camera phone and smallset of binoculars. movement was very sporadic and quick. Had a blue tint changing to orange to white.;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
2 UFOs Over Miami 1/6/07;2007-01-06 20:00:00;4 min;2 UFOs Over Miami 1/6/07 On the night of 1/06/2007 approximately at 20:00 hrs I finished installing a light  on the front of my house the night was clear with few clouds then I look up to the sky and I notice a  ray  of light in the sky descending from south to north at first I thought it was a meteor falling  so I decided to keep looking up expecting more meteors about a minute past but nothing happen  then  the trail of the meteor tail or ray it had disappeared very fast after it was initiated then I notice the first object moving from north to south  it was moving from where the light  had ended it looked like a star shape white and bright yellow at that altitude it looked like a star it moved at a very high speed  I thought it was a satellite passing by but the star object started to zigzagging  trough the stars changing directions moving always from north to west  and every time it accelerated it stopped the object stop 4 times,  then I noticed a second object parallel to the first object just separated by the length and distance of the ray light or the meteor tail I observed the second object was moving  from south to west at a very high speed not stopping  then both objects stopped at the same time parallel to each other  and disappeared into the sky all this events  took approximated about five minutes.;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
ODD UFO OVER MIAMI;2008-11-28 05:00:00;30 seconds;ODD UFO OVER MIAMI Actually it was very funny and kind of scary at the same time:  Miami Florida at 5 am on 11/28/2008  I was walking my dog around 5:00 am at my home located at Miami Florida when I noticed thru the distance a set of strobe bright and colorful lights changing in sequence from the blue red and yellow colors, those lights were coming torch me at quit low altitude similar to a normal airliners approaching for landing. At the beginning it made me think that it was a chopper from the local news stations and since I live very close to the Miami international airport near to one of the landing runways paths it was seen pretty normal to me that an aircraft were low flying around the area. I am very familiar with the direction and altitudes of the approaching airliners but this one came on a very odd approaching from south to north instead of the normal west to east trajectory as I seen them all the times. Since my home is located parallel to the palmetto express way on the 79th avenue and 52 street  I thought that this weird flying trajectory aircraft was following the palmetto express way from south to north as some chopper news does sometimes. At the beginning I thought it was a jetliner but seconds later change my mind because the jetliners have a set of headlights or approaching lights at the front and also in the wings but this one does not have any of them only the very bright colorful lights blinking on a sequence like the police troopers cars. I was about to resume me daily routine of walking my dog when I noticed that my dog became a little bit nervous which is something not normal for her and I decides to wait until she decides to resume her sneezing of the grass as she usually does but instead she begin to look up to the approaching aircraft at this time very close to me over my head. I was the moment when I noticed that the approaching craft does not have sound as a jetliners or a chopper will have but it flies silently until it passed overhead  and I began to hear the sound of a jet engine passing over me but the sound does not really sound as a normal jet engine but more sound like if the sound came from a laud speaker or something producing the sound from the rear of the aircraft which make me look up and noticed that weird shape of this aircraft more like a oval wing with a black hole or opening on the center from where I guess the sound of the jet engine are being produced. The jet sound was very odd and sound more like it was played on a device to create the sound of the engine without being a real one or like if the aircraft or forever it was trying to camouflage itself by making people think that it was a real aircraft and not something else as it looks. At the front the oval flying thing only has the set of blinking lights but in the rear of the aircraft it has a two sets of yellow and clear lights and a huge vertical windows probably about 10 to 12 feet tall for 6 feet wide and those were about five or six of them all together. The windows run from side to side and the strobe lights were on set below the windows and one set above and here comes the weirdest vision which was the few figures of some kind of small and skinny people walking along side the windows more like if they were doing some kind of work because they were not looking out thru the windows but just more casual walking inside the aircraft. At this point my dog was very scared and she was trying to release herself from the leash and run away making obvious that she was very afraid for something. The figures or entities inside the aircraft were about 3 or perhaps 4 but nor more than 4 and the jet sound came from the aircraft was not making any air waves of any kind as a normal jetliners does I could compare them because just a few seconds after this craft has gone a jetliner approaches my area and I could notice and compare the differences between the previous sight into the regular and normal jetliner. After few seconds of this sight the aircraft disappeared over the near by buildings leaving me kind of shaking due to this one of the kind experience even thought my dog does not known what was it she acts weird before and during the sight and only became a normal dog after the flying thing disappeared thru the distance. At the front I did not noticed anything odd at all beside the strobe lights since I begin to noticed that it was something not normal only after the aircraft was almost flying over my head. Hope someone could explain to me what was it of perhaps someone has see something similar before.;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
these crafts were not planes.;2009-12-01 07:00:00;1 minute;these crafts were not planes. I don't recall the exact date, but I have witness these crafts twice, on November and on December 2009. It was between 7 and 8 pm, it was dark already, some clouds. I was having a smoke on my balcony which faces west. I see planes almost every day far and close, so I know planes. I lived for over 8 years near the Miami International Airport, before I moved to this new place. I know airplanes, how they move their colors, the sound, just the way they move is enough to tell me that what I was seeing that night were not planes. They move too smooth and no noise, the color of the lights also was different. Planes are required to have green and red lights so that it is possible to tell if they plane is approaching or getting farther away. Those crafts I saw had no lights like this. What they had was lights bluish white which blinked, like on and off, on and off. They just felt strange, this is the only way I can describe. After seeing planes all my life, these jus! t were different. Now they were traveling from my left to my right, since my balcony faces west, they were moving from south to north. There is nothing south except the sea so go figure were they came from. My first sighting of these strange crafts was on November probably mid November 2009. Then in the middle of December, I was smoking again at around 7:30 pm and I saw them again, this really stroke as fancy, I mean do they do this every other day? I have not seen them anymore. There were maybe 5 to 7 of these things, they were not in any kind of formation. I would say they were in a circular formation, if you can call that a formation. Both instances I saw them at the same angle of view, I would say 60 degrees, I think, with the horizon being 0 and straight up from my head being 90. It is hard because I live in the fourth floor. There used to be a base down here, the homestead base, but it has been close since the mid 1990s. Now I want to tell you about another sighting I had a few years back, the reason is that that craft was also coming from the south. This craft I saw in this occasion I got to see its shape, it was a charcoal triangle, not black, dark but it had a sort of blue around it. This was seen by 4 people, including me. We saw it and then some one said, that is what people see like UFO don't you think? No nose and the same smooth going which planes don't have, it is like they are not feeling the resistance of the air around them or something, this is the best way I can explain. I believe in the so call aliens, not only because of the sightings in modern times, but I think these beings have been coming and going way before man ever walked the earth. But I don't know why I have the feeling these triangles are “Made in the USA” just something. You have seen how the government can hide things like the stealth fighter, the blackbird SR71, and Aurora, we are talking technology which was developed 50 years ago, so imagine what they have now. When will we see this technology? As soon as they have a better one. I also believe that not all aliens come from this universe by traveling billions of miles, I think there is enough evidence to show some come from other realities as well. I guess those too fall in the alien category.  Can contact me if it is worth it.;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
5 individuals see Huge 300 ft Craft about 50 feet away for one hour.  Could throw rock and hit it.;2012-08-06 21:00:00;1 hour;5 individuals see Huge 300 ft Craft about 50 feet away for one hour.  Could throw rock and hit it. Early August 2012:  Large Craft seen by 5 individuals   I submitted the two earlier sightings to MUFON and to the National UFO Reporting Center.  I did not submit this following report because I believed that it was so unbelievable.  I only told this story to Mary Margaret Zimmer of the Miami MUFON when she visited me in late August of 2012 but to no other authority. I have been thinking about this event EVERY DAY since I saw it.  The most important item to retain in this quick summary is that I specifi-cally called this object--  it did not just mysteriously appear. After my wife saw the large UFO craft on July 8, 2012, I started to seriously begin my research on UFOs and paranormal issues.  I purchased numerous books from Amazon and spent all my free time on the internet.  I learned that many individuals (Steven Greer, Prophet Yahweh, and many others, call UFOS and then record videos of these objects. On a cloud covered night in the first week of August of 2012, at about 9 PM, a friend of mine called me and informed me that he was coming by and dropping off some of his traffic tickets.  I am an attorney and had previously told him that I will write up No Contest Motions to resolve these tickets for him.  He said he was close by and would be at my home in minutes.  I decided to wait for him outside. I live in a large cul-de-sac with only 3 houses.  My neighborhood has large yards and is very quiet.  It was dark and very cloudy.  I then decided to play a game.  I remembered the Steven Greer and Prophet Yahweh videos and started to consciously wish to see the large multi-colored UFO craft  my wife saw on July 8th to appear in front of me just like it did for her.  Approximately every 2-3 minutes I turned around 360 degrees to see if I saw anything.  I did this for about 15 minutes.  Just when I was ready to give up, I saw this huge object on top of my neighbor’s back yard extending approximately 200-300 feet back. The object was not a solid object.  It was made up mostly of thousands of streaks of circular or oblong shaped white thin lights.  It appeared to me that I saw two possibly three distinct outlines formed by the  oblong perimeters of these white light streaks.  One circular object nearest to me was partially covered by the palm trees in front of my neighbor’s house.   This smaller oblong object was connected to a much larger oblong object as formed by the perimeter of these light streaks.  There appeared to be hundreds of swirls of circular white light streaks all inside of this object. The object was positioned at a horizontal position rising at approximately a 15 degree incline.  It was positioned at about an 8 o’clock to 2 o’clock format.  It was about 50 feet from the bottom of the backyard of my neighbor’s house to the bottom of this object.  It is difficult to determine its height but I would say that the object was about 100-200 feet in its height.  I was clearly very long, I would say at least 300 feet in length.  (Attached are Exhibits 4, 5, 6, 7 which are drawings done by myself, my 10 year old daughter, my friend Luis, and his Wife Sandra). I then started yelling for my daughter to come outside.  My daughter had just turned 10 years old.  She had told my wife and I that both she and I had seen UFOs and she wanted to see one as well.  After about 1 minute of yelling outside her bedroom she came out and asked me “what was that”?  I told her that I did not know but believed it was a UFO in “hiding”.  She just looked at the object in amazement. After about 2-3 minutes of observing this object, my friend, Luis, who is 48 years old, his wife, who is 52 years old, and the daughter of his wife who is 17 years old drove up to my house.  Both Luis and his wife were trained as engineers in their native countries.  Luis is a conservative Catholic who was raised in Mexico.  He goes to Catholic Mass every Sunday and participates in various ministries.  He never believed in UFOS.  Both he and his wife were shocked and constantly asked me “what is that”.  We all tired to come up with logical explanations but we clearly could not come up with one that adequately explained this phenomenon.  We all doubted whether this was indeed a UFO and discussed that it must be some type of large light “anomaly”. Suddenly, all throughout the inside of the object, star light objects started to flicker on and off, flashing on and off in a fraction of a second.  I was surreal.  I believed that because we started to doubt this object, it wanted to put on a show for us to demonstrate to us that in fact it was very “real”.  It indeed was surreal.  We were not scared but instead started yelling— “look at that, look over there”—pointing to the stars bursting all over the different parts of the craft.  It was clearly putting on a show for us, or at least that was my impression. After about 15 minutes, my friends said they had to go and they drove off.   About 5 minutes later I believed that mosquitoes were biting me and I told my daughter that it was time to go inside because the mosquitoes were killing us.  In fact, my daughter told me later that there were no mosquitoes out that night.  After about one half hour later, I “woke up” and realized what a fool I was for just walking away from a scenario that should have been the front story of Time Magazine and every media outlet around the world if I had captured it on video.  I ran outside with my video and digital cameras but the huge UFO craft was gone. The ironic part was that about a month before this event, after my wife saw the huge multi-colored UFO outside our house, I purchased a large telescope, a night vision CCTV camera with adapters to attach this camera to the telescope, an old used SONY camcorder with the old night vision technology and a digital camera with high powered zoom for night shots.  I said to myself “the next time my wife or I see these objects we will be prepared to capture them on video and on camera so no one would doubt us”.  We know what we saw and they were real.  “Next time we are going to prove it.”  	The irony was that it never even entered my mind to take any of these newly purchased items out and take a video or a picture.  About 30 minutes after I entered my house with my daugthter, I came to my senses and ran out with my camera and my SONY video but the UFO had disappeared.  I now have been educated through my various readings that I was “instructed” to go inside and not to take any videos or pictures.  I have learned that various individuals having “close encounters” have experienced similar responses— our minds were totally controlled. Since that first week of August of 2012, my wife and I have not seen any other UFOs or similar objects either inside or outside our home.  Every day I think about what I saw and have become compulsive over these sightings and these visions have affected my work performance and my outlook on life, our role in our universe, and our relationship as spirits with God.  I am a changed person. SUMMARY  	Previous to these events, my wife and I have never seen UFOS or other similar objects in our life. My wife is not bothered by these events because she is very religious and thinks that these visions were messengers from God.  I, on the other hand, have been “freaked out”.  I started doing research on the subject of UFOs, joined MUFON, ordered and read about 30 UFO books, listen daily to Coast to Coast, etc, etc.  I never even knew that these radio programs or UFO organizations existed.  I am now consumed by the subject.  I need to find some answers and some closure because my wife says that I became obsessed with this issue. Finally, I am an attorney with the IRS in Miami, FL and my wife was trained as a physical therapist and is a stay-at-home mom.  As I stated earlier, I have various advanced professional degrees in addition to my legal training.  We live in an upper middle class neighborhood in the Killian area of Miami, Florida.  We have lead normal dull lives until recently.  Now I am consumed with my visions and spend most of my free time on the internet, reading books about UFOs, alien abductions, consciousness studies, Near Death Experiences, paranormal and spiritualist literature, Buddhism, past life regression literature, etc, etc.  Over the last year I have purchased and read over 100 books on these subjects and have recently ordered about 30 more.  My wife thinks that I have become compulsive and totally consumed by my new pursuits and I tend to agree. I have just recently returned from my first MUFON meeting in Miami, FL and have a recommendation for the MUFON investigators.  Instead of solely relying on “purely scientific” techniques and tools--  the principle approach which was conveyed to the audience— I believe that the key to solving this UFO riddle is to focus on our minds--  our complex “consciousness”, our complex psychic abilities. The fields of parapsychology, involving the decade long studies by Drs. Harold Putoff and Russel Targ at Stanford and Dr. Robert Jahn at Princeton, in addition to the new “consciousness studies” involving Dr. Edgar Mitchell and his Institute of Noetic Sciences, as well as the hundreds of other “Consciousness Studies” academics that publish in the Journal of Consciousness Studies, provide the keys to “understanding” this phenomenon.  I also recommend that everyone read materials from these authors in addition to the rarely discussed book entitled “The Irreducible Mind: Toward a Psychology for the 21st Century”, edited by Dr. Edward Kelly of the Department of Psychiatric Medicine at the University of Virginia. I know that I “invited” the entities of this craft to come “visit” me and that the “entities” in this craft made their “appearance” upon my “invitation”.  The key to solving the UFO quagmire is inside our own mind and spirit.  My latest event leads me to conclude that my mind, and other fellow human minds, are powerful and neglected instruments with powerful communication abilities. UFOs may not be from other planets in our universe.  They may be entities from a neighboring dimension as described in modern quantum physics.  It is very difficult to get a grasp what is going on with UFOs if one solely focuses on the “scientific method”.  The scientific method was developed to describe our physical universe and it does not adequately describe paranormal activities. Science has nothing to do with paranormal phenomena.  Science is based on the scientific method of discovery and experimentation.  The scientific method of discovery was devised for studying things in the physical universe.   Thus, when we are dealing with concepts outside of the physical universe--  things like the paranormal, UFOs, alien abductions, etc-- we are dealing with concepts outside of the physical universe and thus the scientific method breaks down.	  	New methods and techniques of investigation have to be developed to study this phenomenon, and if we do not, the future UFO investigators will remain clueless.  We are now just starting to “academically” explore the universe of possibilities beyond our physical senses to help explain what is “consciousness” and various paranormal activities.  In my opinion, we need to be able to investigate beyond our physical sense of reality and it is this new methodology that will provide a logical avenue to address the riddle of solving the UFO phenomenon.;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
Four orange, fire-like objects flying low over Miami, FL, area in a straight line.;2014-11-29 22:15:00;5 minutes;Four orange, fire-like objects flying low over Miami, FL, area in a straight line. Originating in the east at an altitude below the clouds.  Two silent, glowing orange craft in a formation.  Each craft had 4 lights arranged in a tight diamond shape.  Their light was steady with no flicker or strobing.   The intensity of the light was greater than Venus and almost as great as the first quarter moon in the west.  They proceeded to fly over us at a steady velocity towards the w-sw direction.   They were followed by two more identical objects spaced much further apart and not in any type of formation.   By the time the last object was flying overhead,  I had grabbed my 8x50mm binoculars.  I observed the 4 lights in the center, surrounded by a translucent glowing halo of sorts.   The entire sighting lasted about 5 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
Object looked like a blimp sort with helicopter flashing blue light in front.;2015-03-15 23:30:00;10 minutes;Object looked like a blimp sort with helicopter flashing blue light in front.;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
Stationary object, changed orange to white, at first thought it was a plane up high but it was not moving. figured it was a planet. But;2016-09-04 11:30:00;3 minutes;stationary object, changed orange to white, at first thought it was a plane up high but it was not moving. figured it was a planet. but then it disappeared. perfect blue sky it was simply gone.;25.7751358738192;-80.2539192263393
