Late very clear night ,circular object ,red lights fading on and off ,huge,silent moving extremely slow!;2014-01-18 22:30:00;15 minutes;Late very clear night, circular object, red lights fading on and off, huge, silent moving extremely slow! This is a note to report something that I saw in the night sky approximately one week ago [am writing this 1/25/14] at about 1030 P.M. to 11 O’clock.  I had driven my automobile out of  Kirksville, Missouri, going east in the Northeast part of state.  I have driven this stretch of highway hundreds of times so am familiar with the rather flat landscape straight back in to town now coming west back into town about 4 to 5 miles, with clear view ahead with very little traffic so hardly any distraction of oncoming headlight to deal with.  This is a very rural part of State. I’m driving noticing   some red lights coming toward me way off ahead of me in the sky.  I didn’t really think too much about it since on occasion there is a helicopter or small airplane [like Lifeflight or private airplane seen sometimes].  So I kept thinking okay as It gets closer I will know and recognize what these lights are,  It was getting close so I glanced up at it through my windshield and side glass and realized suddenly that I didn’t know what this craft was, so I slowed vehicle to a crawl and then off on the shoulder of highway rolled my window down, now with my head out the window to get a better view, it  Dear Sirs or whom this might concern, was almost  directly over me just a little to the right and moving east, there was a clear view of what appeared to be something that had a honeycomb shaped  intricate like metal  frame structure with about 6 or seven main beams running from the center out to perimeter while it appeared that the honeycomb shaped reinforcement appeared to be somewhat more recessed then the main beams.  On the main beams were red lights spaced out along the main beams but’ bright enough that the bottom of this thing was very visible.   Now what sent me in to a state of temporary shock [almost froze with disbelieve as to what I was watching] it suddenly occurred what was missing was any sound, this was huge and moving silently practically over me and I was peering straight up, looking at the bottom of this thing!  The red light which to the best of my knowledge were like 4 to 5 spaced along each of the main outward beams and it seems some were blinking very slow like fading and then becoming bright again in some sort of sequence.  I sat there for about 5 minutes watching this move off to the east, still moving at a very slow rate of speed [too slow to register as anything that I had ever seen before] I don’t know if this sounds familiar or not but I know what I saw and waited to see if any news of anyone in the area reporting of seeing such a thing in the sky that night, have not heard a word or report of anyone else having seen it,  I guess if anyone else saw it they night know who to tell either! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.1955;-92.5892000000001
