This incident happened on/about the second week of August 1974, in Boardman, Ohio, around 8:30 PM, my brothers and I were playing footb;1974-08-12 20:30:00;60 minutes;This incident happened on/about the second week of August 1974, in Boardman, Ohio, around 8:30 PM,  my brothers and I were playing football out in the yard, when we saw a disc randomly hovering overtop of maple avenue. It was no more then 200 feet in the air, it was silent and snuck up on us. It was a dark silver color and it had white and blue panels all around the edge, that faded from blue to white. We were standing there in amazement, we couldn't believe what we were witnessing.  The u.f.o. wasn't moving no more than 3-4 mph, the width had to have been some where between 125-150 feet, and traveling east. We watched it until it went out of sight, over some trees. A few minutes later, my mother and my grandmother pulled up in the driveway. My mother asked if we had seen it, because she had already seen it coming along the road.  My grandmother got out of the car, and went into the house, while us boys got into the car with our mother, to see if we could catch up with it. We saw it again over a field, on south avenue ext. we pulled into a furniture store parking lot, and watched it.  The u.f.o was hovering about 400 feet over the field. Then randomly, another disc that looked the exact same as the other one, appeared over some trees. We watched both of these discs for about thirty minutes. By now it was starting to get dark, and the stars were coming out. The second one that we had seen, always stayed higher than the first u.f.o. The first disc kept shooting down a light, like it was looking for something.  The most amazing thing about this, is that these discs were only about 300 yards from the road. Cars had passed, but none had stopped. The lower disc moved up to where the higher disc was, and stayed there for about 3 minutes, and then they just shot off into the sky, at a very fast speed. By this time it was completely dark. The next morning, we looked in the newspaper about this incident, and the had a little write up saying that the u.f.o was a weather balloon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));41.0158;-80.8041
disc shape object lit up in white over Boardman;2006-09-21 20:00:00;few minutes;disc shape object lit up in white over Boardman Wierd disc shaped object lit up in white light. It was very low so we werent able to track it thru the trees.I saw it for about 5 minutes before it was to far away. It appeared to be heading west over Canfield when I lost site. It made no noise and I saw no trail of any sort behind it. As of yet, I havnt heard aything in the news or hearsay about it.;41.0158;-80.8041
