The importance of this experience to me is more about the mental message that was imparted to me than the actual physical sighting.;1982-07-10 22:00:00;3-4 minutes;The importance of this experience to me is more about the mental message that was imparted to me than the actual physical sighting. This happened at an old strip mine we used to camp at back in the 80's.  I was there with a guy named ((name deleted--male)) and his girlfriend ((name deleted--female)).  Unfortunately, I can't remember their last names and don't know if I could even find them these days as I live in Missouri now.  Anyway we had laid out a blanket and were laying side-by-side stargazing when I saw what looked like a normal satellite tracking in a straight line from east to west across the sky.  I pointed it out to the others and everyone acknowledged that they saw it too.   When it got directly above us it suddenly did a fast, tight loop, seemingly around a bright star exactly above us.  At that moment all three of us received a very strong mental impression that I can only describe as a telepathic message directly from this object.  I know this was real because we compared our experiences and all three of us felt the same thing and received the same information.  Then the light continued in a straight line until it went over the horizon. Now the important thing about this experience is the message or impression we all received from the object which I will describe the best I can. This object was a group of beings that were aware of us watching them and they timed their loop maneuver somehow so it would seem to us that they had looped around a star.  Of course this star was millions of miles away so these beings had some way of seeing themselves through our eyes or maybe calculating everything perfectly, distance and angle and such.  They did the loop just to amaze us in a playful, humorous way.  We all had the impression that these beings were beneficial and had a sense of humor.  At the same time, the beings imparted to us a very strong impression that they were watching over all of us on this planet and not to worry, they weren't going to let anything really bad happen like us destroying ourselves or something.  We were hit with a very nice sense of calm and well-being.  This feeling was very profound and life-changing for me I can't speak for my companions after all these years but at the time they were just as deeply affected as I was. The loop this craft made was so fast and perfect as to be impossible for even the fastest airplane to do.  We all had the same impression that the craft was more of a ball of energy then an actual physical ship, the energy ball was a conglomeration of at least several beings traveling in a group.   I've had the opinion since this experience that the visitors are capable of existing as pure energy and have no need of an actual craft.  This is why I don't put a lot of faith in most sightings I hear about that describe metallic craft and the like.  I also really don't have a lot of faith in the abduction phenomena that is widely reported, I don't see the need these beings would have to actually physically abduct people since they are so far advanced they probably know everything they need to know about us just by sensing it somehow. I have only told a few prople about this in passing over the years and I really don't care who believes me.  But what happened was real and I don't know why they chose to contact us in this way or to impart this information to us, maybe they were just having some fun.  I hope this is something you can use. Note: I am not a mental patient nor have I ever had any type of mental or phychological episodes whatsoever.  I'm a down-to-earth guy who owns a small farm and is 49 years old at this time.  The event happened in 1982. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and he sounded quite sincere, and credible, to us.  He indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.0158;-80.8041
