Two lights came in a downward direction and stayed at a close distance to one another. They both stayed in the same general area of the;2009-08-13 02:00:00;1 hour;Two lights came in a downward direction and stayed at a close distance to one another. They both stayed in the same general area of the sky for about 45 minutes, but went in different directions while hovering-straight up and back down, side to side also, and moved in these directions within seconds.  Moved very quickly in the sky, and both had one bright white light with two faint flashing red and green lights.;44.2501;-79.4663
Bedroom Invasion.;2013-06-30 15:00:00;15-20 minutes;Bedroom Invasion This is not a U.F.O. sighting report. I had contact with alien beings in my bedroom. I hope this is the proper place for such a report. It happened sometime in 2013.  I was in bed sleeping, when at approximately 3a.m.  I was woken up after feeling something touch my forehead. I opened my eyes, and I saw that my bedroom was flooded in a sort of red color. I was lying on my back and I looked up the wall above my headboard, and was shocked to see a doorway coming out of my wall.  There were two men side by side, and I could see a stairway going up into total darkness,  The men appeared to be wearing leather jackets!  They appeared to me men and both had thick wavy black hair. One of them pointed what I thought was a gun at my forehead, and for a second, I really though I was going to be shot in the head. I was partially paralyzed, but I was able to raise my right arm enough to actually get a hole of the man holding the guns wrist I then saw what looked like tiny blue lights where the open end of a gun's barrel would be. There was a dull white light slightly larger than the tiny blue lights which went around the tip of the gun in a circle. I saw that it was not a gun, but it was roughly the same shape as a hand gun, only a little thicker down the barrel and tapering off where the lights were. It appeared to be some kind of shiny plastic.  They put the tip of the gun like instrument against my forehead, and at that point, both men has a perplexed expression on their faces. It appeared that they were confused at whatever it was they may have been expecting to see. I managed to push the man's wrist up and away from my head, with what seemed to me to be very little effort. I had the feeling that they were not allowed to resist me if I attempted to push them away. That is why, I afterwards, reasoned that I managed to push his hand away so easily. Suddenly, they were just gone, and my wall was normal again. It took a while for me to be able to move normally, and I was able to see my wife had slept right through the entire episode. There was a dim red glow on my ceiling for about ten or so minutes after they had disappeared. I could see red catching the tiny lumps off my stuccoed ceiling for quite some time as it slowly dissipated. I didn't have any fear except for slightly, when I thought I was going to be shot, but even then, not as much fear as I would expect to have had my life actually been threatened like that. It seemed to me whoever they were, they were able tocontrol my emotions and my body. A few months after that experience, I was watching a television program, where investigators were attempting to make contact with ghosts Ghost Adventures, was the name of that show. I saw one of their cameras had the exact same color of blue, and the exact same size and configuration as the instrument which had been used on my forehead. The camera itself was much bigger, but the tiny blue lights were the same size. It turned out to be an infra red camera. I thought they all used red lights, however, this camera, used blue. My wife had no recollection of anything out of the ordinary, nor did our three adult sons. I have not had any further incidents. The experience was real, not a dream, of that I am certain. I am a bible believing Christian, and I honestly feel that kept them from doing whatever it was they had come to do. Thank you for your time. J.C.;44.2501;-79.4663
