Bright lights over Lewis Bay;2006-04-29 21:00:00;30 min;Bright lights over Lewis Bay On a clear cold night in April, we noticed a very bright light in the Southwest sky.  The light was much brighter than any other stars.  Upon further inspection we noticed that the light was actually emitting several different colors (gold, blue, green red etc).  The craft was set fairly low in the sky.  It was stationary for approximately ten minutes.  After that the craft dropped down below the treeline across the street.  We followed the light to Lewis Bay to further observe the light.  The light continued to move very slowly accross the sky towards the open ocean.  We reported this event to the local police (non-emergency) number.  The police responded and by their own account, the officer that responded to the call saw another strange light in the sky.  After that we went home. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.6614;-70.2363
I was abducted from my bed. Since then harassed or maybe just my eyes are open now but im still putting the piece's together.;2015-06-11 02:30:00;2 hours;I was abducted from my bed. Since then harassed or maybe just my eyes are open now but im still putting the piece's together. on June 1st, 2015, at approximately 2:30 in the morning, I was sitting up in my bed after a girlfriend of mine had just left.  The next thing I knew, a bright blue light was shining through my slider, and I was laying flat on my back completely paralyzed.  I think I could move my eyes but I'm not sure then there were three 4 to 5 foot tall beings at the end of my bed, their faces seemed kind of blurry or maybe it's my memory of it the one in the middle was talking to me in my own voice but inside of my head.  I was trying to scream or even just move, but I couldn't.  I just remember him telling me that everything was going to be fine, they're not going to hurt me.   I asked them what they wanted. They said they just had to run a few tests and in the blink of an eye the other two beings were on both sides of me the two of them put there two fingers underneath my lower back and my shoulder and I lifted out of the bed as if weightless then they floated me towards the slidin! g door and the flash of blue light took me out after that all I remember was a cold table and feeling very uncomfortable and then I was back in my bed sitting up and it was 430 in the morning.  I have a strange circle scar on my arm and three small scars in the shape of a triange on the head of my genital.   Since then I have seen a bright orange fireball floating across the sky in my back yard and I wake every night at 3:30 and can watch the clock change if this is just a dream it was the most traumatic dream I've ever had my life and I hope my kids don't have these dreams. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the source of the report, and he sounded to us to be quite eloquent and serious-minded.  He mentioned that he couldn't be certain whether the event he describes above may have been a dream, or whether it was real, but his strong impression was that it was real.  PD));41.6614;-70.2363
Strange searching lights in woods that changed colors;2020-02-16 06:45:00;10 minutes;Strange searching lights in woods that changed colors Sunday February 16th 2020 Near my house in west Yarmouth, coming home, in the woods I caught sight. Of lights searching in the woods for something. Or someone but then it got strange. Because of the four white lights like flash lights searching an area. One turned blue, while another turned red, another turned orange. And started search different parts of the woods together. Then then the white light stopped stayed motionless, while the others kept moving. All about the height of someone with a flashlight. Then all the lights went out except the white one which was still glaring. Then it went out. Then nothing there was never any sound of people going thru woods or talking I have seen search parties search. But nothing when their separate lights change color and stay that way was really odd It happened where I was at 6:45 pm and this went on for 10 minutes Never seen anything like it ever;41.6614;-70.2363
