DFW Tx Alliance Airport area 2 lights moving and dancing in sky;2004-08-25 21:00:00;2-3 minutes;DFW Tx Alliance Airport area 2 lights moving and dancing in sky currently just went behind house-appears low in the north sky above Haslet area-Alliance airport however is not jet or other. Has moved north from north to west, west to north, repeat, objects moving apart, red light, white light, up and down,(dancing)then extremely fast -moved out of sight behind house ((ADDENDUM TO ORIGINAL REPORT)) add on 8/25/04 Alliance Airport area Tx add on to previous report-at end of sighting there was a line up of lights-white and blue-these blue lights were not seen prior to just at the end of sighting-this was not the red/white/blue lineup on all the airplanes in the air constantly as we are south of Alliance and west of DFW-and very used to usual red/white/blue lights.I had left site to type this report-and missed this final flash of lined up blue lights-at this stage there were also amber colored lights- ((END));32.807;-97.274
another one-Alliance/DFW Tx;2004-08-25 23:00:00;seconds;another one-Alliance/DFW Tx another one-3 of us went in the house &were called back outside-4th person(my skeptic 21 yr old son)pointed at red light in the west-at this time something like a meteor(?)(white object)came right over us- the single red light west of us continuted off into northwest until we could no longer see it-son then said he saw it rise from northeast direction of DFW airport-whoosh around south behind our house and come out on the west side-when he first saw it, it was 3 red lights, by the time it was in the west it was one red light-no other light of any color-skeptic son said it was the fastest moving object he has ever seen-I hope others in our area are outside and seeing this;32.807;-97.274
Very bright sparkly/pulsating color-changing light in Haltom City / North Fort Worth off of Loop 820 West & I-35W;2009-08-03 00:45:00;45 minutes;Very bright sparkly/pulsating color-changing light in Haltom City / North Fort Worth off of Loop 820 West & I-35W I had trouble sleeping and got up to go to the bathroom.  I was thinking it was quite bright outside and looked through the blinds to get a look at the moon.  As I was pulling away from the window, I noticed a very bright sparkly/pulsating color-changing light to the west.  This light was quite unusual in that it was very twinkly and very bright. The moonlight overpowered the other stars so I knew it was not a star, it was not a steady light so I knew it couldn’t be a planet (i.e. Mars, Jupiter, Venus, etc), and it was in the wrong place for a plane (I live beneath the flight path for Alliance Airport and if I stand in front of my house, I can see the planes traveling to DFW & Love Field these flight paths are very consistent)… there were no other aircraft in the sky at all (I looked) and it has been my experience that planes pretty much stop passing over my house or in front of it around 11:00pm at night.  This light stayed in the same place in the sky for the duration of time that I watched it.  I did try to take pictures of it, but it only appears as an indistinct, yet bright, pinpoint.  I tried to find my binoculars but couldn’t, because at one point I thought the light was ‘spinning’ and I wanted a better look.  After about 45 minutes of looking at the light from various windows, I laid down and tried to sleep.  When I could not sleep I got up again about 30 minutes later, and the light was gone.  The light did change colors between red, orange/yellow, blue and white.;32.807;-97.274
