My husband and I were travelling (by van) towards Fresno, CA. We were on Panoche Rd. approaching 33. The kids were asleep in the back s;2005-07-04 00:30:00;20 minutes;My husband and I were travelling (by van) towards Fresno, CA. We were on Panoche Rd. approaching 33. The kids were asleep in the back seats. It was past midnight. My husband was driving and I had just opened my eyes after nodding off a little. There were vegetable fields / farms on both sides of the road. That was when I noticed what looked like small planes flying around the fields, taking off and landing.  I asked my husband which airport it was and he said that there was no airport there. He said he has been seeing those lighted things flying around the fields for a while. He thought that they were lighted windmills.  When I looked carefully, I realized that they were free flying aircrafts. They all had amber lights underneath and very bright white search light like head lights turned on / off frequently. We assumed that someone was practicing night flying.  But it didn't fly like regular planes or helicopters. 3 of them were V shaped and flying one behind another with perfect sync. The most peculiar thing was that it appeared to be landing but taking off almost immediately with great speed.  We never stopped as we were still thinking that the night sky and the distant lights were playing a trick on our eyes. After 5 minutes or so, we saw them again. My husband said that they are all over the fields, flying round and round for a while. This time I asked him to stop and he just refused because he thought I was overreacting to something that could be ordinary. (We are both elec. engineers and believe there is an explanation for everything!)  5 more minutes later we saw them again, this time we saw colored lights. My husband says that he saw green lights right away when he spotted them. We never saw them again that night.  I am really confused becuase they behaved like fighter jets in miniature doing manouvers but at the same time like a flock of birds circling and settling down and circling again1;36.7454;-120.4091
Triangle air craft seen over highway.;2019-09-09 21:30:00;15 seconds;Triangle air craft seen over highway. Driving south on 50. toward the west a boomerang like triangle flew over the highway.  Three lights flashed and pulsed, shifting from very bright to barely visible.  Sometimes all three would flash, occasionally only one or the other.  The aircraft was close to the ground and moved incredibly fast in a strange curved flight pattern.;36.7454;-120.4091
