ufo sighting in small town on the busiess holiday weekend.;1980-09-05 17:00:00;fifteen minutes;ufo sighting in small town on the busiess holiday weekend. we were traveling from san jose,ca. to watsonville,ca. on labor day weekend on santa teresa road.my friend was driving and i was finding a radio station.i look up through the windshield and spotted the ufo. i immediately told my find to look up and see if he saw what i was seeing.he said i am driving and i can't or we will wreck!i then told my friend to stop immediately.so we can get off the car and both look.he said if he did we would get rear ended by the line of cars following us.we came to a stop sign, and i never took my eyes off the ufo as we got off the car.my friend then could see the ufo himself.i ask him if i was losing my mind,and just seeing things?he said no because he was seeing the same thing also.we turn to the truck stop behind us at the stop sign.there two boys and a girl in the truck.they got off the truck and were watching too.the ufo flew over a apartment complex and was large.then it turn to the right and flew over highway 101 that was ! bumper to bumper with cars.then the ufo flew towards the mountains in front of commercial airplanes.it flew back and forth in that area.then it excelerated and was gone.i call ksbw channel 8 and spoke to Bev Hudson.she didn't believe me.i called komy radio station and reported it.they said they want the name of my connection.so they could get high and see ufos also.i called the coast guard to see if they could check their radar.they said they only give tickets to speeding boats.both me and my friend repeated our story to our friends.who also didn't believe us.i will take a lie detector test,hypnotize me,and even give me a shot of truth serum.i saw what i saw and this the truth! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Date may be approximate.  PD));37.1356999999999;-121.6502
Foothill Sightings;1994-06-01 22:00:00;1 hour;Foothill Sightings It was a late night drive to our grandmothers ranch on Foothill Avenue, between middle and maple. My Mother, My cousin and I were north or Nortwest and directly to the East where there are hills that are high if you can find information on them, they also have sattelites on top in some areas. There is an Airplane Museum/Golf Course on the bottom of these hills just above the sight area. As I was saying we were north or Nortwestbound on Central Avenue and it was a mutual (everyone saw at the same time) sighting which was the red lights appear one by one (6) or so towards the north. My mother and I looked at each other and my mother pulled over, so we could see the event taking place. They appeared like christmas lights do in a line until the all the lights are lit, then the lights turn off, and start over. But they didn't turn off. I cannot remember the amount of time we were observing the event. I was about 15 years old or so and an amature astronomer at the time. My eyes wandered further up and saw a small point of light high in the sky (the point the same size as the stars) moving NE. I yelled to my mom and cousing to look up in the sky above us. Without any sound or time the sky light seemed to turn dark but what it was was the craft appeared directly above us either from the point of light in the sky, I'm not sure. It seemed like it just appeared in front of us. at that moment my mother had a feared look in her face and being her son I knew when my mother is scared and I never noticed it but she felt warm whether from the fear causing the warmth, I really don't know. In an instant the darkness left, because I was focused on that light high in the sky. It was like the saucer shot up in the sky at a very high speed, became the point of light again and soon I lost sight of it. The lights on the hill had disappeared also. We rushed home to get my father and other brothers and sister and went back to the sight. but saw nothing after that. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));37.1356999999999;-121.6502
