Giant mass of clustered lights miles long moving through sky;2016-03-01 19:00:00;8 minutes;Giant mass of clustered lights miles long moving through sky My brother and I live in a gated community in Indio.  Our mailbox center is at the entrance of the community and we decided to ride our bikes to get the mail around 19:00.  We are both about 30 years old, very interested in other forms of life and UFO activity, although never seeing anything ourselves or looking for it.  As we're riding, my brother stops me and tells me to look at the weird stars above.  It was a line of stars about the length of 4 big dippers long, clustered close together.  We both quickly realized that this was not a star formation and became overcome by the size.  They soon started expanding and contracting to one another, not dramatically or quickly, but subtly.  There were at least 70 lights above, each dimming and brightening.  If they were more spread out, the average person would assume they were stars.   We then watched this massive unity of lights move across the sky from the west.  We could see a tip that was the front of what looked like t! he biggest object.  To be clear, we couldn't see any object, but because lights were around it's perimeter, we could make out the shape of the front which was pointed.  The best way to describe how it moved is almost like a caterpillar, certain parts moving away and toward each other (expanding and contracting) while the thing as a whole moved forward at the same speed.  I was in complete awe.   We watched a few planes come into view which moved much faster and were much closer than this thing, which was so far away, it had to be in space.  All the lights slowly dimmed except three at the tail of the mass, which formed a perfect triangle.  I was instantly frustrated because what I saw couldn't be explained but I was grateful my brother at least saw it, too.  The duration here was approximately 8 minutes and the size was miles long. It's unimaginable and looked like it was a detached piece of the night sky with controlled hinges that moved.   Not sure if we were viewing one giant obje! ct or multiple small objects linked together somehow.;33.7245135371181;-116.222571179039
