Looking towards the west northwest just above the horizon it lookes like a bright star but what caught my eye it was green and red I w;2006-09-06 22:40:00;40 minutes;Looking towards the west northwest just above the horizon it lookes like a bright star but what caught my eye it was green and red I watched it for about 5 minutes and it did not move I came back into the apt and got my binoculars, when I looked at it through the binoculars I seen that it had a green,red and white light after watching it for about 15 minutes it moved up I was using power lines as a guide it would move up a little then move down it look to liked it was over highway 16 which runs east and west probably 1-2 miles west of town it just seem to hover it was in no hurry to go anywhere. I had my wife come out and look at it she watched it for about 15 minutes during the which was about 40 minutes we seen several planes fly over I did watch one fly North west of it which was a lot higher in the sky after 40 minutes of watching it it slowely moved toward Onaga. like I said it was not in any hurry. one thing that I notice was the lights were solid there was no flashing.and it moved to slow for a aircraft, in which we have, InSeptember of 1967 I lived in Washington State One evening after scool 4 of us were driving out in the country, we were on a old logging road we had stopped the car and got out I looked up above the Fir trees and seen a flying saucer hovering above the trees, it took of but stayed 30 to 40 feet above the tree tops we chased it for about 3 miles at one point we seen it Hovering over a hill we was winthin 100 yards of it. we stopped the car and one of the guyes in the back seat had a 22 rife he was going to get out and shoot it. by the time we got the car stopped it was gone. we all felt like they knew what we was going to do before we got to do it. we was all shocked. However we did follow it down the highway another 2 to 3 miles it would hover just above the tree tops it looked like it was about 90' in diameter and mabey 30' in depth it had green,red and white lights on it looked like to dinner plates stacked one facing the other it had a metalic finish look. we were never scare! d while we seen it. at the time we had heared of them around the area. What I seen tonight just the way it would move and hover really reminded me of what took place in September of 1967.;39.4436;-95.7509
