Sphere witnessed in VA;1995-04-04 04:00:00;25 minutes;Sphere witnessed in VA My father worked at the brewery in Williamsburg, VA.He told me that one night one of the delivery drivers had seen something strange.At about 4am while he and his partner were loading the truck they saw a spherical metalic object hovering in the loading are behind the brewery.They called to another man who was in an office and he also witnessed the events.The object just hovered over several of the trailers.It then produced a sort of arm device that came out of a hole which appeared in the craft.They couldnt see what the arm was doing but it looked like it was touching the ground.The object hovered for about 20 minutes with all 3 men watching the entire time.The object then turned and slowly moved out of view.They didnt see it again.My father told me the man who told him about this was a huge skeptic, and was actually afraid to tell anyone for fear of ridicule.Thought you might find this interesting. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));37.2930092198582;-76.7424794326241
Multiple light phenomena witnessed in the sky above the Jamestown area of Williamsburg;2008-06-03 03:30:00;1 hour;Multiple light phenomena witnessed in the sky above the Jamestown area of Williamsburg My two friends and I are very much involved in reading and learning about various UFO sightings around the world.  We keep up to date on these sightings and talk about the subject often.  Earlier in the evening, we had discussed what took place at the Surry powerplant just a week or two ago. During the early morning of June 3rd, 2008, My friend and I were out in the street observing what we believed to be either Venus or Jupiter (I can't remember which) in the South-Western sky through my telescope.  After observing for a short while, we began to joke around and just look at the stars. A few minutes later my friend alerted me to the sky directly overhead, where there was a faint moving object.  Upon inspection with my 10x50 binoculars, I was able to observe the object move smoothly across the sky, and then fade away.  It appeared to be very high, and shone like a dim star.  We have witnessed these objects in the past.  We decided to lay on the ground and look at the sky to see if anything else happened. We were both looking at the same area in the sky when a bright, but focused flash of light occurred, which we both observed.  I quickly inspected the area with my binoculars just in time to observe another object, this one a little brighter than the last.  It also faded away after a short period of around 20 seconds.  A few minutes later there was another flash in the same area of the sky (to the North East), but this time I was not able to observe an object. A short time later, we witnessed what I can only describe as a skipping bright light flashing across the sky.  The light flashed brightly for a moment while moving extremely fast across the sky.  It was not a meteorite, as the object flashed, and then flashed again further along its path, and then flashed 3 more times as it flew further away (from the southwest to the northeast).  It was at this point that my friend's brother (just inside the house nearby) called to see what we were doing outside.  We told him of the situation, and he came out quickly. No activity was present for a while, so we again observed Venus/Jupiter.  After a few minutes, I had a very strange urge to look at the sky.  I looked up to the north almost directly overhead and witnessed a bright spherical object, as bright as the brighter stars in the sky, moving to the south.  I observed it in the binoculars.  All 3 of us observed it as it crossed overhead.  At the moment it was nearly above us, the object's light increased greatly in intensity, at least 2 or 3 fold, until it was the brightest star in the sky, and then dimmed back out.  It was around for the longest duration of all of the objects, 30 seconds or more.  My friend and I were almost ecstatic at the sighting, as we had been waiting for something like this for quite a while. My friends and I are active observers of the sky.  We often sit out at night and watch for phenomena like these.  We have never witnessed anything like what we saw this evening.  We have witnessed a few faint objects before, but nothing conclusive.  These objects were unlike any others that we have seen in the night sky.  Interestingly enough, we often go out to the Colonial Parkway across from the Surry Powerplant to lay on the grass and observe the sky (we have witnessed objects in the sky there, but nothing like what was reported recently).  After the events of late, the sky is sure to get more attention around here. I hope this report proves interesting.  I will be keeping my eyes out for any new developments.  It seems that things are increasing in intensity here.  I appreciate this site greatly.  Thank you for maintaining it.;37.2930092198582;-76.7424794326241
Giant red light that came in fast then hovered silently about two minutes before vanishing.;2013-03-24 23:00:00;2 minutes;giant red light that came in fast then hovered silently about two minutes before vanishing. Bright red fireball looking object shot into the sky and appeared to be a comet at first. Very bright red and very fast moving.  It suddenly stopped in mid air, brightness turned to a subtle red flickering dot and sat in one position for about two minutes.  Silent!  Not one sounds from it at all.   A picture taken appears to be a long shaped red object. Video taken shows red object blinking and just sitting there.  Towards end of video the object is clearly visible with eyes but somehow quit showing up in video.  It then just disappeared completely.  Within ten minutes naval destroyer cruised up James river as did a helicopter.;37.2930092198582;-76.7424794326241
