Fast traveling craft hovers with funnel of disappearing mist before shooting straight upwards;2008-07-14 22:00:00;about a minute and a half;Fast traveling craft hovers with funnel of disappearing mist before shooting straight upwards On a 2008 summer night in my development right near the famous “Christmas Village” farm in Berks County Pennsylvania, I was a high schooler playing on bicycles with the neighborhood kids.  We were all taking a break from riding and just talking and I happened to see something move extremely fast into view, way out past christmas village from where we were standing. The craft then came to a complete stop in the sky and sat there for at least 10-20 seconds. At that point I got the others with me to take a look and then the craft shot what can be best described as a short funnel of mist/light that was nowhere close to the ground. I would say the size of the mist that came down was no larger than if you extended four fingers with an outstretched arm to measure it. The mist started out very strong and over what was about a minute and a half, slowly began to fade away but the craft stayed still. Once the mist was gone, It then shot directly vertical into the sky. I! was hysterically yelling in fear at the speed this thing took off with. I went directly home to tell my parents. Then, about a half hour later, one of the kids I was with called me and said it (or a different one) had returned in the same spot, but this time no mist. All it did was circle the area, coming to complete stops at times, and then once again shooting back straight up into the sky. The next day, Hundreds of reports of this sighting were sent to news outlets in berks county. It was a very nice summer night, very few clouds, and definitely a night that a lot of people were outside with either fire pits or relaxing on their deck. This remains the only UFO sighting I have ever had. To get an idea of exactly where this took place, I was in the development off of christmas village road, on the circle closest to Christmas village. Out where the craft was hovering, there is nothing but miles of farmland and woods. It gets extremely rural as mennonite territory starts abo! ut 5 miles down the road. The town of Bernville is about a mil! e away, and the city of Reading is a 15 minute drive.;40.4145;-76.0923
oval light to the right of jupitar and 15 min. after to the left of jupitar ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));2009-09-19 20:05:00;1 minute;oval light to the right of jupitar and 15 min. after to the left of jupitar   the first one was a white oval thing it came down diagonally and stopped. it shot up in the air and there was a white funnel following it. it was to the right of jupitar. and the second was almost like it but to the left of jupitar 15 min. after the first one ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));40.4145;-76.0923
