My friend & I had 4 hours of missing time.;1978-06-01 18:00:00;4 hours;My friend & I had 4 hours of missing time. I was 17 and my friend was 16 at the time. We had planned to go to the movies that evening. We were going to the 7:00 show. We set off in her car when  she looked down and descovered that the car was on empty. We drove back to her house and she was filling up the car with gas when I looked up to the sky and saw a bright light reflecting silver/white glow. Just for fun I yelled Hey look at the ufo. She looked up and saw it then all of a sudden it zipped across the sky so fast our eyes had to re adjust and relocate the object. This was in the eastern sky it had been it the south. I was more impressed with this than my friend, she wanted to get to the movies. I was saying..Did you see that!? She nodded and said lets go. I was still staring at the light and it shot way up in the sky in a straight line the back to where it had been ,then it shot directly down in a straight line .stoped then shot back up to the middle where it first was. I told my friend to go and get her dads binoculars. We both walked out of the drive way..to the fence that surrounded their chicken coop by the barn. We were still looking at the object. I said to her ..Go get the binoculars so we can see this thing better. To my surprise.. she handed over the binoculars and I looked at her and said,Where did you get those? She said,IN the house. I asked How, you never left to go get them? She said yes she did and it took her a while because she had to find the keys to get in...I had never heard of lost time during a ufo encounter untill years later. I just thought it was strange. so did she. We started watching the ufo again and as it moved slowly now we walked along to get a better view of it. Through the binoculars it was just to bright. We decided to climb over the fence to go into the field. I remember putting my hand on the post to climb then next thing I knew we both were in the fiedl aprox 400feet away form the fence! We looked at each other and I said,How did we get here? She and I both were getting scared and started t! o run fo r the fence back to the barn..the light still in the sky tree top level .The next thing we knew we were standing in the middle of the driveway at the end of it next to the blacktop. We were both facing west side by side. We both turned at the same time to look at each other and both said at the same time,How did we get here? Just then a bright light caught both our eyes over our sholders and up in the sky south of us. It was huge white ball ..it swooped down outa the sky headed directly for us we both ducked down and it went over our heads comming within inches of the driveway in front of us then shooting directly up into the sky outa sight leaving a white trail that also vaiished. We ran into the house,called my sister whow lived not far away told her what happened and she said she beleived me and told me she'd seen something strange not long ago. My friend said , WE'd better hurry if we wanted to see the movie. I looked up at clock above the telephone on the wall and said ,WHAT!WHAT happened ! Look AT THE TIME!!!! It was 10:30! My sister was still on the phone with me and she you have missed the movie. I said I had to go. My friend and I really were scared now and ran in her room and were trying to figure out where all the time went..4 hours had passed and it seemed to us that it had only been at the most 15 mins. of time that the whole thing had happened. It has been 24 years gone by now and it still puzzles me as to what happened. Over the years I would try to get my friend to talk about that night and she wouldn't untille about 8 years after it happened finally we talked again about it,and how we felt about it then never again have we mentioned it. I have told several people and most think we are crazy. But this did happen to the both of us and I don't care if noone beleives me. The whole time this object made no noise at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.8513;-91.9604
