Sonic boom by day, jet chasing ufo by night.;2008-05-28 23:35:00;30 SEC;Sonic boom by day, jet chasing ufo by night. It was close to midnight. I saw a solid bright white ball of light. at first it almost seemed as if it was just floating slowly along. When i went outside to see it better i noticed that there was a much, much smaller red pattern of blinking lights following it, a jet of some sort im guessing. The ball of light was massive compared to the jet. After i noticed the jet i could see that they were traveling at a faster rate than you normally she jets go. As if the ufo was being chased by the jet. I could hear the sound of a jet long after i couldn't see them any more. Also, earlier today there was a sonic boom or something that generated from over 30 miles away in columbia missouri. It felt and sounded like a car blew up right down the street.;38.8513;-91.9604
Odd white lights moving at different speeds.;2012-06-24 21:00:00;15 minutes;Odd white lights moving at different speeds. I spend alot of time outside at night due to my smoking habit. I spend alot of that time looking at the stars. Tonight I just happened to look up and see a white light that at first I thought was a meteor, but soon realized it was moving too slow. Much faster than any plane I've ever seen but too slow for a meteor. I watched it for about 4 seconds before it was obscured by trees. It stayed solid white (no strobes) and stayed the same brighness the whole time I saw it.  I sat for about ten minutes trying to figure out what it could have been. I finally decided it had to be a piece of space debris re entering the atmosphere.  I stood up to go inside when I saw another much brighter light traveling in the same direction (east). It was moving much slower. Closer to the speed of a plane. It appeared to be lower or bigger. It was also solid white with no strobes. It was bright enough that I could see it through the trees.  I would say the second was a plane but there were no strobes and the light never changed in brightness the entire time I watched it (approx. 30 seconds);38.8513;-91.9604
Bright red and orange light;2013-07-04 21:26:00;~4 minutes;Bright red and orange light Shortly after the local fireworks display, myself and two other witnesses saw a brightly glowing light. It was red in color and about every five seconds changing to a burnt orange for almost a second and then back to red. I first saw it moving south as it made a fast sharp left turn heading east and then moving at a slower speed. As it moved east it looked to have a burst of speed every time it changed color, then slowing down again. The light traveled about a third of the sky then just simply stopped and hovered for about 40 seconds. While it was just sitting there it was still changing color from red to burnt orange then back again, and every time it changed color it got dimmed in brightness, the it simply just disappeared. There was some cloud cover because it lightly rained just before the fireworks display. At the time of the sighting there was no rain but the clouds remained. The light was below the cloud cover the entire time that we saw it and there was no wind movement and we heard no sound other then a few people setting off firecrackers.  It was the weirdest thing I have ever seen!;38.8513;-91.9604
Bright green ball falling quickly from the sky.;2021-02-03 20:15:00;5 seconds;Bright green ball falling quickly from the sky. We saw a large ball of light falling from the sky. It was much, much larger than a star and extremely bright. It was green, and then changed into a yellow color, then red, and back to green. It was heading straight down, so once it met the horizon we could not see it any longer. The sighting only lasted about 5 seconds. We are both college students who have seen other unidentified objects in the sky before, but have not seen one that was this out of the ordinary, or this large and bright.;38.8513;-91.9604
