Dancing lights in the sky for more than 20 minutes in a populated DFW skyline.;2004-09-14 22:15:00;20 minutes or more;Dancing lights in the sky for more than 20 minutes in a populated DFW skyline. At approximately 22:15 I went outside my house to smoke a cigarette.  As I glanced up at the sky I saw a light that appeared to float across the sky.  At first I thought it may be a plane, but it's brightness dimmed and the object turned sharply and shot across in a different direction and dissapeared.  Immediately after, two more objects came into view and seemed to fly in tandem and then they circled and shot away.  As I kept on watching these objects seemed to dance in the sky in the same general area.  It was cloudy, so I thought they may have been birds, but the more I watched, I could tell they were flying in front and behind the clouds while illuminating brightly and then dimly.  Some appeared to be triangular in shape, but only when at their brightest.  I watched for a couple of more minutes and saw up to five of these objects dancing around the sky.  I was facing north west from my home and distance was very hard to judge, but it appeared they were in the proximity of the DFW airport.  I did not want to be alone in the sighting, so I called to my wife to look, she was asleep, but I still called to her to look.  It took her a couple of minutes to shake away the sleep, but the objects were still there.  After she began to see what I pointed to, she was asking if they were planes.  I saw a plane flying and pointed out that the plane was moving at about 1/3 of the speed of these objects and that the objects flight patterns were erratic at best.  What amazed me even more was that the intensity of the brightness seem to come in phases.  It was difficult looking through the clouds, but there were definitely five at one time that appeared, danced around each other and moved at high speeds away from each other and together.  I watched with my wife for about another 10 minutes until I decided to get my digital camera.  It was dark, so nothing came out, but I wanted to try anyway.  We watched for a total of about 20 minutes until I was positive that what I had seen was not an illusion or my imagination.  I am 35 years old and in all my life I have never seen any such objects in the sky with such speed and intensity.  I was so amazed the hairs on my body were standing straight up.;32.8740007738308;-96.9663674639487
White object changing shapes;2019-10-12 18:20:00;10 minutes;White object changing shapes Report 2 of 2  On Saturday, October 12, 2019, my girlfriend and I were working in the yard at her house. We were working in the yard, and at 6:20 PM, I observed an object that was bright white at about 60 – 70-degrees elevation to the east of our location.  I could tell it had a shape and was not an airplane. It appeared to be hovering.  I looked through my binoculars and could see it, still very small. It appeared to be at a very high altitude.  It appeared to be a long bright loop, small and nearly closed about 2/3’s of the length and an open loop at the other end.  It slowly changed shapes to an “V” shape.  About a minute or so later, it changed to a “)” shape. A minute or so later, it changed to a straight tube or cigar shape.  I took five pictures with my cell phone. You can see the object as a small white dot in the blue sky, but no details. Enlarging the photo, you can see the shape changes. One picture, you can see the “V” shape. I called the Irving Police department to report what I was seeing and to see if anyone else was reporting it.  I was on the phone with the police department for about 5 minutes, describing what I was still looking at.  They took down my information and said they would check it out. The object was visible for about 10 minutes, slowing moving to the east. Then, at about 45-degree elevation due east, it just disappeared. I called the Irving Police Department back and told them it was no longer visible.;32.8740007738308;-96.9663674639487
