Yellow light that made a fast, sharp angle turn up through clouds.;1993-03-15 16:00:00;<1 minute;Yellow light that made a fast, sharp angle turn up through clouds. First, I'm an Air Force brat & am very aware of what jets can and cannot do.  Or at least the ones we know about. Lived very close to DFW airport, on the south side, near American Airlines headquarters.  Was walking the dog one evening and to entertain myself, watched the planes setting up to land, from southwest to northeast.  (This is DFW's flight pattern or the reverse, depending on the wind.)  It was just after dark.  I started watching a light coming in low from the northwest -- opposite the flight pattern.  That's what caught my attention.  I first thought it was high enough to still pick up the sun and make it reflects, but no, the sun was down.  It was a mild yellow color without any red/green blinking lights that are required as a warning to other planes.  The weather was cool and clear  with a just few high thin clouds.  I was standing on a hill with trees below my line of sight so there were no obstructions.  I heard no noise from the object. It kept coming in my direction in a straight line.  Suddenly, it almost made a 45 degree angle turn, shot up through those high thin clouds and was gone.  I could barely turn my head fast enough to watch it shoot up through the clouds. No aircraft I have ever seen (1) turned that sharp, and (2) moved that fast.  I grabbed the dog and went inside. can make that sharp of a turn ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));32.8740007738308;-96.9663674639487
Two observers. Both are professionals working in Children's television. One of which is the producer of a network locally in Fort Worth;2016-11-14 19:21:00;5 minutes;Two observers.  Both are professionals working in Children's television.  One of which is the producer of a network locally in Fort Worth, Texas, that produces programming for Children's hospitals nationwide.  We know camera lens malfunctions, we know how to debunk lens flare, dust, exposure issues, et al.  We went outside to take photographs of the super moon.  We missed the largest expression of the moon but hurried out to capture what we could.   Standing in the parking lot facing east, I began taking photos.  I noticed an anomaly in the photos which seemed to be a smaller sphere to the lower right of the bright moon.  I looked with my physical eyes at the moon and saw something darker than the moon and sky in the same area.  I took more photos and each one contained the sphere.  It looked very solid.   I decided to clean the lens and take the case off the phone and use an additional lens that hooks on the back of the iPhone 6 Plus.  I saw the object even clearer at this point.  I zoomed in without losing resolution and took a few more.  I examined those with my partner and he was very intrigued and we zoomed in and were awe struck.  It was a sphere but it was a moon.  It looked exactly like our moon only smaller. In the photos, there is a visible lens flare/glare that is bouncing off of the overhead lot lights.  This sphere/additional moon was not a lens anomaly.  To further debunk the oddity, we walked to the park in the middle of our condos.  We saw the bright big moon through the tree tops. I took out the camera and began shooting more pictures.  We figured if it was a lens or camera issue, it would project this second moon overlapping the tree branches, thus copying the image of the actual moon.  Much to our surprise, this secondary moon was shadowed by the branches in the actual placement of where it corresponds and the actual moon/supermoon was not shrouded by branches in real visual observation nor in the photograph.  This blew our minds.! We took several photos and then went inside to grab the very ! large te lephoto lens for the SLR camera and came back out.  We took more photos from the original device, my partners device, and the SLR and there was no second moon present in these photos.  So this phenomenon was present for roughly 5-7 minutes then gone.;32.8740007738308;-96.9663674639487
I saw a strangely shaped aircraft near my bus stop.  ((anonymous report));2018-10-10 20:00:00;Few seconds;I saw a strangely shaped aircraft near my bus stop. I was waiting at the bus stop in the morning and I saw a strange shaped aircraft fly over the area.  It was somewhat similar to a plane however the wings were bent down and forward into a horseshoe like shape.  I was only able to see it for a few quick seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.8740007738308;-96.9663674639487
