Something Above Us that Day;1983-05-01 17:30:00;2 minutes;Something Above Us that Day  Okay, I'm actually going to say this just because I know what I saw was real, and 2 other  people saw it. I haven't told anybody about this, really, because I saw it as a child around 8 yrs.  of age.  I am an artist and have always had a very creative imagination...but I don't believe in  ghosts, and I dont believe in anything I can't figure out. I guess not understanding as a child, it was easy for me to overlook or dismiss what we  were looking at...  But always wondering in the back of my mind, I now am an adult with  children, and I scoff at the unexplained.  I call it the un-understood. I never have nightmares,  and am very mentally organized about what I understand.  But this, memory of when I was a kid  still stands out with no explanation. I remember it well, even watching my father freak out. It must've been like 1983, driving northbound toward North Kansas City MO.  It was my  father, my brother & I singing...as the song ended, we all looked at each other still laughing, in an old fashioned Ford truck. It was then, that I saw something- or I guess we all kinda looked up at the same time..and  saw what seemed to me as a round airplane hovering above our truck. (of course I was a kid  and didnt know what it was)   My dad yelled out, Whoa,! Do you guys see that? we were like, kind of taken off guard, but we answered YEAH! because there was definitely something huge,  and hexagonal shape with a cross of blue or green lights. but it was only above us so, we could  only see the bottom of it. The lights were in a plus shape surrounded by a hexagonal or octagonal shape. We stared  at it for what seemed to be the longest red light ever.  Then it went up, up, still we could only  see the bottom..and then it flew away (south west) so fast behind us, that we couldnt see what  the heck it couldve been for sure.. but now I am sure that what I saw, I have never seen again,  nor have I ever seen anything fly that fast ever. Im sure my father and brother wouldn't mind  validating my story, and I would be glad to take a polygraph.  This is the only thing I have ever  seen that I could not explain. This may not be a big deal but I know it's real. Sorry to have wasted your time if it is of no  help.  For us, it was the ultimate UFO experience.;39.1452888888889;-94.5618333333334
