Triangle shaped object seen near North Kansas City Missouri.;2007-12-29 15:00:00;2 to 5 minutes;Triangle shaped object seen near North Kansas City Missouri. While on my way home from work in North Kansas City I noticed a triangle shaped aircraft flying easterly along the Missouri River. It was white or silverish in color and appeared to have several windows in the side I could see. I had the impression of the windows being ringed in red but I can't be sure.  Seeing aircraft in this area isn't uncommon but flying parallel to the river it caught my eye. Being it also looked sort of like a small space shuttle I though that it was out of place as it flew past me and banked left near the 210 & 435 Highway intersection. That's when I noticed that it had come to what appeared to be a complete stop in mid air!  I watched the aircraft for a few seconds over my shoulder and even was able to see it in my rearview mirror a couple of times before I exited 210 on to 435 South toward Kansas City. I immediately called my husband and described what happened to him and asked him if there were any aircraft he knew of that looked like that or flew like that to which he said only the Harrier jet and a plane called a Osprey but they were much smaller than I was describing.  I am a 42 year old woman who has lived my entire life near the area and I have worked at the same location, driving the same route for ten plus years. I have never seen anything like this ever. I wasn't even going to report this but my husband convinced me that I should, if for no other reason to validate anyone else's sighting what may be in question. Being I'm the only witness that I know of I'm not sure how much credibility I may have but I can't explain how an aircraft smaller than a commercial jet but larger than a commuter jet could come to a stop in mid air!  I took into consideration that an aircraft looks like it's standing still when it's a long way away and turning. But this was close enough I could see individual windows. And I was able to keep it in view for close to two minutes from first noticing it to loss of sight.;39.1452888888889;-94.5618333333334
