Green light and white flashes light up tree's outside my house, and we see ufo dissapear into the night sky.;2004-06-24 01:00:00;2 minutes;Green light and white flashes light up tree's outside my house, and we see ufo dissapear into the night sky. In the very early morning (about 1:00 a.m.)of June 24, my girlfriend and I were watching a movie in our house.  Our house is on the very top of a hill and the side facing most of contra costa county is all windows and sliding glass doors.  I was seated facing the windows.  Suddenly, the tree's outside lit up with an extremely bright white flash.  At first I thought it ust be lightning. Then 10 seconds later the was another bright white flash that lit up the tree's.  My girlfriend also saw the second white flash and we immediatly walked over to the window to see what was happening.  Not more than 5 seconds after looking out the window we both saw a bright green light lighting up the tree's and moving straight up towards the sky.  We both ran outside to get a better look.  We saw an aircraft hovering above the tree's for about 3 seconds and it then shot straight up into the sky and dissapeared.  When we were outside the green light emitted from the aircraft was so bright we could not tell what shape it was. We watched the sky for another 3 minutes and saw nothing so we returned inside.  What puzzled both of us is that once inside we noticed the stereo had turned on as well as the ceiling fan. There was no one else in the house! My girlfriends cellphone started ringing and was called 5 times in approxamately 3 minutes.  Everytime she picked up the phone she just got a dialtone.  Each of the 5 times her phone was called the caller i.d. just show the number ***.  Three star signs, thats it.  We both know what we saw and we were not drinking that night. I was not a full believer in ufos before this incident, but what we saw outside and then electronice in my house getting turned on and my girlfriends phone getting called with the number (***) haschanged my mind. I know what I saw and am now a believer.;37.8994;-122.1144
Puffing into the eye!  Small tubular craft! Burn marks!;2004-06-24 03:00:00;dream;Puffing into the eye!  Small tubular craft! Burn marks! Strange dream last night. Here is what I can remember.  I was outside with a friend at night in a sidewalk cafe in Los Angeles. I was looking at the stars and noticed that there were more than usual. Then, these small, what appeared to be remote drone planes flew by with no pilots. They were probably 3 feet in length...white, and very tubular in shape. I yelled, Look at these!! and that's when the sidewalk was invaded by men dressed in black, with guns coming from everywhere. They were herding us all together and there were hundreds of people now on the street, screaming.  Then something odd happened they were shouting orders and threatening to put a button in everyone's neck but the man in charge was looking straight at me. I was freaked!  He should have known that I already had one, but he shot this gun at me that didn't have bullets it had some type of electrical-tingly sensation instead...not pain...but it most definitely got me to stop in my tracks and pay attention!  Then he came up with this long, round tube about a foot long, and 2 inches in diamter and put it to my left eye.  Next thing I know is it Puffed into my left eye.I was SO scared.  I didn't know what he had just done to me.  People were still screaming.  I can't hold on to much more of the dream, but I stayed awake all night once it woke me up because I didn't want to forget it.  When I did wake up, however, in the morning saw 2 very visible burn marks on me, one on the wrist, and one on my upper arm, at a diagonal.  I have only taken pics today, at your advice, on 7-1-04,...they have faded somewhat, but are still there.  I don't know why I did not take photos for a week!  I have a scar on my tail bone from a few years ago, and then, too, like this week, I did not think of documenting it!  How strange indeed!  There was NO pain associated with these burns, and that is what I call them because they were very red, and looked like I had put my arm and wrist to a hot coal, or seomthing similar.  However, I had NOT. ((NUFORC Note:  We usually do not include dreams, and dream-related information, in the database, but we make an exception here because of a second, seemingly independent, report from Lafayette, CA, for the same date.  PD));37.8994;-122.1144
2 beams of light shining thru the skylight in bathroom;2007-03-13 03:00:00;5 min;2 beams of light shining thru the skylight in bathroom My husband got up around 3am to use the bathroom.  While in the bathroom, through the skylight, he saw 2 beams of light circling around each other shining down thru the skylight onto the bathroom floor.  Then the lights went away for about half a minute and then they came back again.  He made sure he was awake ... he walked around, he looked up and saw nothing above the skylight, the moon could not have done the light show, and he heard no noise.  Then the lights disappeared.  He went back to bed.  No noise was heard, he saw no one standing on the roof, but for the lights to do what they did, if it was a person on the roof, he would have seen them with the lights.  This is a large skylight and the lights came from above not from the side.;37.8994;-122.1144
High altitude dark amber light with a tail moving in a straight line from W to E.  ((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering space debris.  PD));2015-12-22 18:08:00;2 minutes;Apparently high altitude dark amber light with a tail moving in a straight line from west to east, 6:08 pm  to 6:10 pm, Lafayette, Ca. One dark amber light about the same (apparent) altitude, size and speed of the ISS crossed almost directly overhead moving from west to east as seen from my location in the center of downtown Lafayette, CA.  I first noticed it overhead at 6:08 PM as it was still coming from the western nighttime sky and it continued toward the east in a straight line.  I continued to watch it until it reached the eastern horizon. In the moonlight I noticed it had a tail, possibly a smoke trail, which was long, light colored, and straight extending backwards a long way. once I saw the tail and because of its relatively slow speed, I realized it was probably not be ISS because a smoke trail would not appear the same as it does in our atmosphere.  Due to its slow speed, I assume it could not have been a meteor. The object's color could possibly be described as a fire viewed from a great distance which makes sense because it had what appeared as a smoke trail behind it. it had no b! linking lights and did not change in color even as it reached the eastern horizon. It also appeared as though it were at high altitude based on observations of many aircraft over my lifetime. I could not hear any sound from it.  Note because of my swing shift hours of work at a dark hilltop secure location from which I am now retired, I have witnessed many ISS crossings at night as well as one very striking meteor as it was breaking up, over the years. So I am familiar with the apparent speed and color of the ISS as well as the differences between aircraft at night as well as meteors.;37.8994;-122.1144
