I don't know these people.  We are not friends.;2001-10-20 02:00:00;18 minutes approx.;I don't know these people.  We are not friends. I don’t mean to be rude, but I’ve been harassed about the UFO issue for quite some time.  I lived in Washington, DC and attended a top law school.  I have narcolepsy I, and I have severe sleep disturbances.  One night, a group of men appearing to be military climbed through a window into my apartment on about the eighth floor across from the Army Navy country club.  The entered the window and kneeled, while another entity presumably supposed to be an “alien” entered the window.  It was a scary entity and leaned over me, choking me and appeared to change phase from a human form to an electric current.  It held the expression of what looked like “The Scream” painting famous in popular culture.  I remember one of the military members wore a ski mask and flashed a code of arms.  The code of arms appeared to be foreign, but I can’t determine whether or not the military members were American or foreign.  I have a friend who listens to popular radio, and suggested they might have been the “alien greys.”  All of this was extremely amusing, but my narcolepsy worsened after the incident, and my health declined rapidly.  I was forced to leave law school, and I was arrested twice for petty misdemeanor crimes.  Even though I did not really engage in criminal behavior and could not drink alcohol with my narcolepsy medication.  This didn’t seem like a UFO experience at all in my opinion. It looked like a prank or a joke since I’m a somewhat intelligent, young female in DC.  I graduated from a high school, where strangers harass students (e.g., flashers, strange harassments at home, etc.). We are forced to ignore the harassment.  In my case, I got really sick though, and I had to recover gradually taking menial jobs that were below my level of expertise.  Only because my narcolepsy was extremely bad, I gained 120 pounds, and I went to several different doctors in a variety of different specialties to see what I needed to do physically.  I suffer from hair pulling and some OCD after the incident now, so I’m probably not the best witness to testify.  I just keep going, hoping someone determines who is harassing us.  My instincts told me it WAS American.  The coat of arms was either foreign or related to a branch of the military.  I was harassed at home about ten years later after telling this story to people for years as a joke.  A former military member and local judge tried to extort money from me using his girlfriend.  I have no idea who these people are, and after reporting it, they are pretending it is some type of military operation.  I wake up in other locations all of the time after going to bed, but I always end up in my final spot at home where I began.  I do have narcolepsy, so I think that might have been an impetus to harass me as if aliens were after me or as if I were abducted by aliens.  The “alien” did try to choke me instituting a cardiac arrest.  I often wake up lying down and it feels like I’m flying.  My hope is that maybe someone has discovered a way to promote long distance travel, because you could do so theoretically by instituting the cardiac arrest and then freezing the body at subzero temperatures.  That discovery would be a cool thing to come out of this.  The most obvious explanation to me is that I might have been a potential litigant in a law suit.  I worked in the legal field.  I cannot confirm this detail however. I have also worked in security professionally.  Now, for some reason, there are about ten songs on mass radio distribution that appear to be my work from my car studi! o.  I have not been paid for writing the songs in mass distribution, and I'm not involved.  It sounds like more harassment.  I am not aware of any lawsuit I would have been a part of that would have challenged the military though, and I wanted to finish law school, even with narcolepsy, hearing, and vision impediments.  When I woke up the next day, my cat was struggling to hang onto me and was trying to calm me down in a really bizarre fashion.  I've never experienced that from an animal before.  Lately, someone is pretending a series of events that occurred to me in 2005 are happening now.  They're pretending they did not occur in San Antonio, Texas (Alamo Heights).  They are pretending what I contended happened is occurring now for some reason.  I can still hear my songs on radio play, but have not been compensated.  Sorry if I don't sound more reliable, but you can finish law school with a hearing impediment.  This was just stupid, and I have no idea what started it.  I'! ll ignore and continue on.  I don't need psychiatric assistanc! e, thank you.  It's just narcolepsy I.  Respectfully submitted,;38.8776356164383;-77.1007506849315
oval shaped traveling fast and low;2003-12-13 02:00:00;around 6 seconds;oval shaped traveling fast and low started as a yellow white thick circle with a faded sort of blueish aura/haze, traveling above 66 west in virginia, not high, not low, flew very very fast and changed shapes from a circle to an oval like form, changed to white color, then sort of zig zaged, and then jumped as if penetrating into the sky, as each end of the oval crossed into one another-disappearing completely-lasted around 6 seconds.;38.8776356164383;-77.1007506849315
