As I was on my way home, I glanced to the right and saw 2 disk-shaped objects high in the sky. They seemed to be moving VERY fast. Afte;1997-05-27 15:30:00;A few seconds;As I was on my way home, I glanced to the right and saw 2 disk-shaped objects high in the sky. They seemed to be moving VERY fast. After about 15-30 seconds, they vanished. While driving home, I looked up and right at a 45 degree angle and saw 2 disk-shaped craft moving through the air. They were a dull gray, and were extremely smooth moving and fast. The 2 craft were in sync moving quickly across the sky. The air around the front of the disk seemed to be a reddish-black, as if it were at a very high temperature. There was a building to the right of them, so I could tell they were high up. After 30 seconds or so, the two craft silently dissapeared into the sky.;38.8776356164383;-77.1007506849315
There were lights on the object that changed in a distinct circular pattern from red and white.;2000-11-19 22:00:00;10 minutes;There were lights on the object that changed in a distinct circular pattern from red and white. Last night at approx. 10:00p.m. eastern time I observed an object flying southeast overhead accross a flight path to National Airport only a few miles out side of the District of Columbia.  What caught my eye was Military Road in Arlington has constant aircraft heading toward the Potomac River preparing for landings at Reagan National Airport.  The aircraft fly so low you are very accustomed to their sounds, different lighting, and even at times are able to read the company logos on the side of the aircraft.  Last night I was taking down draperies and as I looked up I saw blinking white then red then white again lights that were unfamiliar to any normal aircraft that we have seen.  These lights formed a somewhat circular pattern and would alternate between the red and white in this clear pattern.  This first caught my eye and as I observed if further it seemed to move in a pattern of front and back and then side to side but all the while moving forward, almost as if it was gliding or floating.  I pointed this unusual sighting to my  daughter and her friend (both honor students at G.W. University) where I work.  We then proceeded outside to the front yard and watched as this light pattern and movement continued.  As it moved closer and continued over the house, it was not close enough to determine the exact shape but as we closely watched the light pattern it seemed as though it was somewhat circular (most definitely not our usual jet or helicopter) and continued with very exacting movement and light pattern.  And then very suddenly we saw another one meet with it and they both seemed to instantaneously disappear.  Just a further note, I have never seen anything like this,  I am very well traveled and come from a military background.  This was most defiinitely some time of aircraft and what perplexes me is how something like this can fly across a flight path, so near to the district where it is heavily populated, and then towar the diretion of the Pentagon and yet we have heard nothing about this on the! news. I have to believe some of these pilots or our own radar would pick something this strange up.  Anyway, there is no doubt whatsoever in our minds what we witnessed last night.  I hope this helps and I hope I hear something more about this.  Thank you;38.8776356164383;-77.1007506849315
