5 objects with comet tails some still some moving over Galloway OH;2010-09-17 19:40:00;7-10 min;5 objects with comet tails some still some moving over Galloway OH I left the house around 19:30 and was walking with my 6 month old baby and my 2 older kids (age 8 and 10). We stopped at my son's friend's street and they were talking. The sun was setting in the West and my son told me to look at the sky. We saw about 5 things on the sky that looked like comets. They all had a tail, multicolored (but mostly red)but they were not crossing the sky, at first they were all still on the same area of the sky where the sun was setting (we couldn't see the sun anymore)and making short moves. Then one started heading east and flew right over us but it was really high on the sky to the point that I couldn't tell what shape the body actually was, my 10 year son said he could see it and it was a round body. Another one headed south and the other 3 stayed in the same area where we first saw them, 2 of them completely still like a star but with the comet tail flying,the other one started going up and the tail got longer. Then one of the two that were still at first started going down and then they both changed direction and the one that was going up started going down and the one that was going down started going up and it looked like they were going to crash against each other and I was expecting something like a firework explosion from it but at the last minute they passed each other on paralell paths. I had my husband on the phone and was waiting for him to walk up to us and I lost track of one of the 3 remaining objects. The other 2 stayed there still again but as I was talking to my husband they disappeared as well. My husband said he saw the one that went east and I took 4 pictures with my cellphone, the first picture was right after one of them flew east and the remaing 4 were still there. The second picture was of one of them flying south and 3 remaining. The third picture has the 3 that remained. The fourth picture has one of the 3 starting to go up right before they played chicken and that was the last picture because at that point I called the house phone to tell my husband to come see it. My phone's call log tells me I dialed the house at 19:44. It was a very overwhealming feeling because I believe that there is life outside this planet but I never thought (in my wildest dreams) that I would ever see one.;39.9366000000007;-83.1837999999992
