Disk shaped object observed for at least 30 minutes in the sky changing shapes and colors as it moved side to side and up and down.;2019-01-05 20:30:00;30 minutes;Disk shaped object observed for at least 30 minutes in the sky changing shapes and colors as it moved side to side and up and down. On January 5th, 2019, at 8:30 pm my 15 year old son and I were staying overnight at our hunting club in Taylor County, Ga.  The area is very rural and at least 10 to 12 miles from the nearest towns located between Talbotton, Ga, and Butler, Ga.  There was no light pollution whatsoever and a clear night. Our tent had gotten wet inside due to a lot of rain the past few weeks, so we ended up sleeping in our truck parked in a small field at our hunting club.  While sitting in the truck wasting time surfing the internet on our cell phones my son noticed a bright object far up in the sky and asked me what it was.  At first I thought it was a planet or star just brighter and standing out from the other stars.  The object then began moving from side to side, up and down, circular motions and straight lines.  At this time, we both became excited and curious as to what this thing was. We began filming the object with our cell phones the best we could.  As the object moved around it appeared to change shape from a ball of white light to a bluish color, then yellowish and red colors. + At times the outer edges of the circular object would look fuzzy and flash from dim to bright and change shapes as it moved. We continued to watch this thing for at least 30 minutes while we talked back and forth about what it could be and if anyone would believe us even though we have video of it on our cell phones. The object simply disappeared in less than a blink of an eye as 3 to 4 Airplanes were approaching in its direction.  Needless to say it took us a long time to fall asleep that night and overslept the next morning till 11:00 a.m. when we were supposed to be in our deer stands by daybreak.  I've never seen anything like it in my life and I've been in Law Enforcement for 34 years .;32.6824;-84.5496
