Bright bar of lights in phoenix sky 10/15/2015;2015-10-15 15:20:00;10 seconds;bright bar of lights in phoenix sky 10/15/2015 driving south I saw a bar of white lights.  Very bright and then it turned and i saw like a airplane silver or grey.  I'm near airforce base and see planes all the time.  I was driving south and lost it, but also saw 4 jets in the same area.  I pulled over and could not see it or jets for 10 minutes;33.6311616071429;-112.372867410714
Slow moving object, bright white flashes.;2019-06-11 01:45:00;10 minutes;Slow moving object, Bright white flashes. At 01:45 hrs., I was feeding my horses, I was done with that and went beside my house, I was talking to my niece through her window and noticed a clicking sound coming from a outside automatic light that does not work, it sets almost to the apex of the house, so I was looking directly straight up.  When I did, I noticed a bright white flash, it was so bright that it was like someone flashed a flash bulb point blank in my face.  I tried to focus on that part of sky again looking in that general area and about 5 seconds later another blinding flash with a pulsing coming from the exact same light, as it was pulsing I got a pretty good view that it seemed to be cigar shaped and really super high. The pulsing stopped and then it was super hard to see because of how high it was but, I kept looking in that direction and noticed a commercial jetliner  going the same direction but I did not want to lose where I saw this object.  Then, again it flashed really bright, this time I had a little perspective as it started to pulse again and the jetliner that I saw earlier was approximately 4 miles away traveling the same direction as the object, the jet was way further than the object so the object was traveling super slow and much, much higher.  The object stopped pulsing and it was again very difficult to see. I tried to adjust my eyes to the speed that the object was travelling at and noticed it pulsing again, this time it did not flash but again travelling super slow.  Like half blimp speed if that makes any sense!  The object was moving west to east, I watched it pulsing then go dark, then pulsing, and going dark.   I watched this for approximately 8 more minutes, but I went in the house because I was having trouble seeing it anymore!  I have never seen anything like this before.  I know it wasn't any airplane, as airplanes have other colored lights that blink, this did not have any lights like that.  I know it was not a satellite because I have seen those and they shine and move fast and when they get out of the sun's light they slowly disappear.  A weather balloon while it could possibly move that slow, it could not have produced that bright white light that flashed and seriously blinded me for a couple of seconds and they do not have lights that pulse.  I was the only one who saw this, I do not have any photos or video of it, actually I was so astonished that it was like I was paralyzed trying to make sense of what I saw.;33.6311616071429;-112.372867410714
White glowing tictac or cigar shaped craft spinning completely silent heading north in the surprise AZ sky;2020-12-31 17:40:00;1.22;White glowing tictac or cigar shaped craft spinning completely silent heading north in the surprise AZ sky We don’t get rain to often in Phoenix and it’s surrounding suburbs but that particular day it was overcast and I was in my backyard looking East when I noticed an unusual objected spinning in the air that had a white glow to the entire thing and was tictac or cigar shaped and had no hard edges it was completely smooth and round on every corner. It immured a white light from the entire object all what would be considered its 6 sides (top, bottom, left side, right side, front and back) it also made no noise what so ever and was heading north. The city of surprise sits about a thousand feet higher in elevation to the entire phoenix valley and surrounding suburbs so you can see the entire valley and sky for over 100 miles. I’m located near a air force base and see Air Force jets daily and nightly flying around the area and towards the valley and because you can see the entire valley and the skies above it you can also see the commercial airliners who get in line! for landing and after take off that takes place to the east of me approximately 15-20 miles and living out here the last 17 years it’s very easy to identify both the commercial planes along with the air force jets. The craft I saw looked nothing like any of the commercial or Air Force planes I’ve ever seen as this object omitted a glow around the entire object and spinning so you could see the long side of it and the smaller side as it rotated and again omitted a glow from all 4 sides of it. It was in the shape of a tictac or cigar shape where it was long on the sides and half the length on the other two sides and appeared to be completely rounded on all the corners. It also made no noise what so ever and living here for 17 years you know when the planes are out because you hear them before you see them always. It was traveling North and that made no sense as NO aircraft that I have ever witnessed has traveled North from where this object was sighted, you will see the jets! fly east and then turn north for a brief moment to start head! ing west towards the base again but this object was way to far west and way to high up to be a jet and again it looked nothing like them what so ever. The object continued north for approximately one minute and twenty seconds I recorded it and have the film of the object at which point I lost sight of it due to the roof of the house so I immediately went out front to see continue to recorded the object as it headed North however it was gone and had completely disappeared after that, I stayed out front and looked for the object for over 15 min with no sign of it. This object caught my attention because of its glow and the way it was spinning, when both commercial planes and air force jets are in the air they are dark and often look black against the blue sky and especially against a white/light grey sky like it was that day and this object was the complete opposite. I’m a avid sky watcher and this is the first time I’ve ever seen a UAP or an object that I couldn’t say was either the ! Air Force jets or a commercial airliner or even a small personal aircraft this object looked nothing like anything I’ve ever seen before.;33.6311616071429;-112.372867410714
