I was the first to see the unidentified object at approximately 22:00 hours PM.  The object flickered brightly in four distinct color;2000-05-03 22:30:00;45 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Report is not inconsistent with a twinkling star.  Please see addendum below. PD)) I was the first to see the unidentified object at approximately 22:00 hours PM.  The object flickered brightly in four distinct colors.  Red, blue, green and white. It moved at what had to be a high rate of speed left and right, stopping quickly at times and changing directions.  When I observed a jet liner heading for it I noticed it faded in brightness and remained still then resumed its right and left movement as soon as the aircraft cleared.  It finally lowered so that we lost sight of the objectat approximately 23:00 PM Object, at first appeared to be an overly bright star.  The abrupt right and left movements said differently.  It was located in the lower northwest sky of my home, in the direction of Lake Pleasant, but further out.  The object had flickering lights of red, blue, green and white and looked as if it was rotating to show the different colors as they would be bright then fade and the other color would take its place. When I saw it head one direction then stop and head back as if in a straight line to it's starting point and repeat the movement in the other direction  <----x----> I was very sceptable, but curious. Sometimes it would move in one direction in short bursts then reversed and do the long movement. From my perspective it was moving approximately three inches in one direction then reversing to go back to it's original spot.  The short burst were about one inch in length and it was either three burst or two at a time.  I am not sure how that would calculate in miles.  The distance is too great to even estimate for me. I called my daughter out to confirm.  She said she was seeing the same thing.  She called her boyfriend out and he also saw what we were seeing.  We watched this strange occurance for about 45 minutes, using other stars and hand held object to determine if it was a star or something else.  The hand held object were stationary and the object was mobile.  It kept the same distance from the reference star until it slowly lowered and disappeared from our sight, the reference star(Cappella) remained where it was. This is my third sighting in 53 years.  At age 9 I witnessed a group of 5 lights dancing (moving up and down and sideways and going brighter and fading) on the horizon while I lived in Tucson, AZ. Tucson has no street lights in 1956. There were about 100 people, police and military included, who witnessed the event. My Dad a military man was told not to say anything.  That was in the days of Project Bluebook. In 1976 I saw a strange object in the sky near Redlands, CA.  My date and I watched it hover for about 15 minutes then shoot off at a 45 degree angle and disappear.  The newspaper report that several people in that area witnessed the same thing. When I checked the sky on the night of May 4, 2000 It did not see anything unusual as I had the night before. Our reference star was, however, present. ADDENDUM TO REPORT (Submitted 05MY00): I would like to change my report given to you last night.  Details below After summiting my report I again found myself in my backyard, but at a later time.  When I looked where I had seen the object the night before I again witnessed the light doing the same movements with the same color changes. (Red, blue, green and white) I now feel that it is a star and as the earth rotates changing the placment of the stars this particular one is in an area that distorts it due to something in our atmosphere. (i.e. smog or heat waves)  I can find no other explanation for it being the only star in the sky to have such abrupt and unusual movements. I am sorry to have wasted your time.;33.6311616071429;-112.372867410714
Voluntary isolation is rewarded with quite the celestial show.;2002-05-10 01:00:00;2 hours;Voluntary isolation is rewarded with quite the celestial show. I have habituated myself into driving out in the desert to simply be still and gaze up at the milky way, which is brilliant out here, contemplate and be privileged with frequent 'shooting stars'. Well, on the night on may 10, I got much more than expected! At about 1 AM a meteor streaked across the sky and as I was looking in its direction I rested my glance on a dark patch of sky into which it disappeared. A few short moments later a light appear in the dark patch. Based on appearances it looked like any other star, but then it began to pulse:bright, less bright bright less bright, it continued in this rythmn for about 2-3 minutes then began to move from its location WSW sky(from my perspective) to ESE sky. It was VERY high in the sky and had no accompanying noise until a 45 degree angle was formed with me being the crux. In other words, if I stretched out my arms at a 45 degree angle and extended the lines in the sky, that was where the noise was relative to the 'ship'. Perhaps 5 to 10 minutes later another streak painted the sky and disappeared into darkness. I waited and sure enough a light appeared and then began to pulse. What's more is out of my peripheral vision I noticed another pulsing. It appeared as if the two were communicating because when one would pulse the other refrained and vice versa. Again the incidences were in the WSW sky and started to move ESE. Two more occurences happened in the same way witht the correlative streaking prologue to the pulsing. The sixth event happened as before except there was another light which necessitates a brief explanation. Imagine a cloud in the sky with a bright light behind it resulting in a fuzzy light. This fuzzy light looked as if it was lower in the sky than the others but ascended straight up at an incendiary pace then disappeared. The sixth light began to pulse and the seventh light appeared in the NWN sky and these two began the 'conversation'. The sixth started its migration to the ESE sky and the seventh began its travel to the NEN sky. I followed them both until they were out of sight. When these things appeared as lights they were the color of a star-whitish blue, but the pulsing was red. This red light seemed as if it rolled across the width? length? of the object. Perhaps it had wings or was triangular in shape and had alternating red lights on both ends? The actual shape was too difficult to discern as there was a new moon. It is important to include Luke Air Force Base is les than thrity minutes away by car. Perhaps they were taking a few Stealth Bombers out for a night trek? Can the stealth hover? Strange days in Arizona. I am about to go out again tonight;33.6311616071429;-112.372867410714
Fast moving object with what appear to be windows and some other exterior features.;2013-09-14 07:01:00;1 second;Fast moving object with what appear to be windows and some other exterior features. Sept 14, 2013 at approximately 7:01:17 AM, motion detection camera recorded an very fast moving object, traveling over Surprise AZ.  Camera was pointed to the North AZ= 325.7, set to an elevation of 53 degrees.  Object appears to come from the North, heading toward the West South West. Object appears in two frames, after de-interlacing the video.  Taken with Yukon Digital Night Ranger 5X42 night vision device, operating in unattended mode.  Recorded to AVI file with UFO Capture software.  Two frames were detected.  Still image saved using VirtualDub and imported into Sony PMB for enhancement, then saved using MS Paint. Can be viewed on http://youtu.be/c3p5HrQotMc  Object appears to have a window section near the top, and appears to be traveling in reverse, if you normally think windows are on the front. But the other end could also have windows.  Other openings appear on the ends and something on the side of the object.  This shape is new to me. I am a retired software/hardware engineer who's background includes, fabricating antennae for satellites and rockets, and tracking satellites for the AF.  I record about 300 to 600 video clips a night using a motion detection setup.  Have been tracking also with a telescope and HD camera.;33.6311616071429;-112.372867410714
Bright flash of green light, streaked through the sky and left behind a faint purple glow that faded quickly;2016-07-27 02:30:00;3 seconds;bright flash of green light, streaked through the sky and left behind a faint purple glow that faded quickly.  seen from the back of my work building at the Surprise/El Mirage border.   Actual object was further north, and appeared to be over Glendale;33.6311616071429;-112.372867410714
Fixed flashing colored lights 9pm to 1am. Change position suddenly appear regularly. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly stars or planets??  PD));2017-04-22 21:30:00;2 hours;Fixed flashing colored lights 9pm to 1am. Change position suddenly appear regularly. Flashing lights in the western sky. 1 toward the direction of Palo Verde, the other WNW of my position in Surprise, AZ.   They are there almost every night in 1 position or another.  The one to the WSW that was there tonight appeared to be in the vicinity of Palo Verde disappeared first.  It was there for almost 2 hours and went out suddenly.  The one to the west stayed there until it went down below the horizon as if to have a fixed position and went down like the sun would.  This is NOT a rare sighting.  It occurs almost every time I go out at night between the hours of 9pm and 1am. There are some nights when I see it to the ESE over Eastern Phoenix.  When I do not see it, looking west, I see it looking to the ESE. I see them over the White Tank Mountains and they appear to be well beyond the mountains over the open desert.  Helicopters do not have fuel capacity to stay in one spot for that amount of time and do not shut there lights off and go away.  Airplanes fly underneath them and move in a direct flight line.;33.6311616071429;-112.372867410714
