Lights over NY State (shortly after 9/11);2001-11-17 02:00:00;18 minutes;Lights over NY State (shortly after 9/11) After watching the Leonids meteor shower all night we decided to get some hot choclate to warm up... when one of my friends (An accomplished english Teacher, whom I had never met before this night) stated seeing something triangular in shape with 7 or perhaps 8 lights around its outer edge.  It was HUGE and semi-translucent as it moved over head it covered the starlight so as to suggest that there was mass in between the lights.  It moved from East to West slowly. No sound, no engines no afterburners nothing.  We watched until it dissapeared into the horizon. This was shortly after September 11th 2001 and we all knew there was a restriction on ANY aircraft flying in the NYC vicinity, so we found it even stranger.  Shortly afterward we heard the sound of sonic booms in the distance and 2 (which were EASILY distinguishable) military jets perhaps f-15 or f-16 flew over head at extremly high speeds from east to west in the same path of the first object, as if in pursuit, my girlfriend came running out because the boom from there engines RATTLED the house.. and she was not sure what it was.  Very strange, very real....;41.2722;-73.6041
The night of the Leonids meteor shower some friends and I (one of which was an Earth Science teacher) were watching the showers in fron;2001-11-18 16:00:00;1 minute;The night of the Leonids meteor shower some friends and I (one of which was an Earth Science teacher) were watching the showers in front of my home, crystal clear very dark (as there are no lights here at all). About the time indicated we were looking due west when appeared a triangular shaped craft perhaps the size of a large commercial jet. It was a triangle with lights all around the edge between 7 and 10 alltogether. It moved form east to west at a high rate of speed, I have good experience with military craft and this thing moved too quick for any conventional jet. In addition, it was perfectly quiet, no sound no blinking lights and it appeared to be somewhat opaque in the center but yet retained some translucent effect as well, if it passed under a star it seemed as if the star would fade but not dissappear. After a it dissappeared to the west and we regained our ability to actually talk, my 2 friends went inside to warm up but I stayed, EXACTLY 11 minutes after this sighting 2 military jets possibly F-15 or F-16 fighters came from the southwest and rocketed passed my home heading northwest at a high rate of speed, the classic sonic boom trailing behind, blinking lights etc... I have seen them many times, they were defenitely fighter jets scrambled probably from Newburgh Stewart Air Base. I know this is lengthy but keep in mind, the only commercial airport in the area is Westchester County airport and they are RESTRICTED from flying between 11pm and 5:00am that is the law. And that is why the jets were scrambled. ((NUFORC Note:  The date of the Leonid Meteor shower was 18NO01.  We have amended the date here.  PD));41.2722;-73.6041
