Object resembling a minature moon is seen by 8 adults, through binoculars, photoed & videoed in daylight. Lasts 4 hours.;2019-09-19 16:30:00;4.5 hours;Object resembling a minature moon is seen by 8 adults, through binoculars, photoed & videoed in daylight. Lasts 4 hours. UO Sighting Thursday Sept 19th 2019 Calling this a “UO” sighting as it I cannot say the object was “flying” and entirely different than any UFO report I have heard about. Left work at 4:00 as usual and came home to change clothes and go for a run down at the ROCORI track as has been my routine for the past number of years. Probably left my house around 4:30 and jogged across the picked oat field and towards the practice fields on the northern part campus. Lots of sports activity this particular day with football games/practices of various-aged kids etc. with a game taking place at the farthest NW field adjacent the ball field and Co Rd #50. At least one bus parked there. Proceeded with my run/workout routine which consists of push-ups, sit-ups, stretching, mixed between a series of laps around the track. 1200M, 1600M, 800M, 400M, 200M, 100M. I always time the runs all but the 100M just in case I happen to run a personal best. The entire routine takes probably a bit less than an hour as I generally always clock 12-13 minutes for both the 1200M & in-between workout as well as the 1600M & in-between workout. This day was perfectly clear with blue sky, hardly a breeze (if any) and zero clouds that I am aware of. At least not a one in the SW-NW horizon that I (and others) were fixated on for the next few hours. In finishing either the 1200M, or 1600M, I laid down on my back in lane #7 at the SW main finish line (as typical) and did my sit-up routine. Upon finishing, while still on my back & head to the North, I noticed a white dot (as it appeared) way up high in the sky which I first figured was a pelican or eagle or seagull as over the years I have seen white birds soaring way, way, up high wile stretching. However this “bird” was not moving much if at all. Again, this is broad daylight, blue sky at 4:30-5:00pm. Definitely the only feature in the sky aside from the sun which was further W of the object. If memory serves the sun was a tad and higher on the horizon than the object from my perspective but not much. As far as how obvious this object was in the sky I would say not obvious at all unless one was looking in the right direction. Who looks up into the skies anymore anyway… As I watched the object on my back it appeared to slowly travel back-&-forth N & S slightly a few times however my heart was pounding from my workout so uncertain if it was due to that. Being utterly baffled as to what it was I laid there longer contemplating it being a drone copter that someone at the school was flying. After a few minutes of ponder I got up to continue my workout and onto more laps hoping like heck the thing would not just disappear leaving me frustrated. On the next set of laps I cannot remember if I was able to focus/see it as I rounded that SW corner but as I finished the laps and again laid down to do sit-ups…it was still there! At some point as I laid there I made a conscious effort to determine it’s location in the sky and definitely remember noting 3. One being directly over me (possibly a tad south). The other being directly above the school. And the last being a bit to the West of the school. Again these are only from my perspective having no clue how high or big this thing was. Following my workout (cannot remember if I finished it all or not being a bit occupied) I noticed 2 young boys (ages 5 & 3 approximately) playing at the south end of the bleachers. I desperately wanted someone else to see this thing so walked over to them asking if they wanted to see an “alien spaceship”. As any boy would they said yes and put their eyes in the direction of the sky I was pointing. I really no idea if they saw what I was seeing but the older boy did say “I see it” and was looking I the right direction. The younger said he saw it too however was looking the wrong way. At this point I was getting desperate to find another adult to confirm this object so headed out the south end of the fencing as it was the only gate open to the track. I kept searching for an adult or older student however nobody happened across my path and I didn’t want to appear too crazy having no shirt on, all sweaty, and pointing to the sky at “aliens”. As I headed back North towards home I came across a bus where the female driver was inside reading a book. I hesitated at first but gingerly peeked in the open door and said…”This is possibly the strangest thing you’ve been asked but I’m seeing something quite odd in the sky and am wondering if you would also take a look to confirm I am not going nuts.” Or a version of it. Her comforting reply was something to the affect of…”My folks live in CA and see weird things in the sky all the time so nothing surprises me”. She put down her book and grabbed her smart phone and struggled her way out of the bus as she had some struggles standing/walking. We walked south through the thin line of trees at the S side of the parking area and as I pointed she immediately saw it and said…”Well that’s weird.” I could not see any movement however the object seemed to be moving slowly from SSW to WSW as I needed to keep looking more West each time I needed to re-find it in the sky. She then put her phone up to either photo or video. It is somewhere around 5:30 now. At this point I was wanting to get home to my son and get his eyes on it as well so jogged back across the oat field, up to the house, into the workshop & grabbed my binoculars which are Bausch & Lomb 7x35 Zephyr. Here is where it gets weird… In my backyard I found the object even further West and should mention it never seemed to change in size, color, brightness, speed, or anything. When I put the binoculars up to it I was quite startled as I can only describe it as a bright, full, Mini-Moon” however was not too convinced of it being the moon as I knew the moon phase was already past full. I then ran upstairs to tell my son to grab his smart phone and come outside where I passed the binoculars over to him. His comment was pretty much same as the bus drivers being…”What the heck is that thing…” No doubt at this time I am ranting about it being a planet of some sort so we both grab our smart devices and start searching for visible planets, stars, etc. He then proceeds to map the thing with his smart phone as he has an ap for stargazing. I found dialogue on it possibly being Jupiter as Juipter is/was bright in Sept. however it kept mentioning we should see it along the horizon at dusk which further confused me as it was no where near dusk when I first saw it and we were still 2+ hours from it. I’m then trying to convince myself it is the moon as it looks exactly like it with gray shaded features and however much smaller and brighter. To describe the brightness I say it looked like a strongly back-lit, semi- opaque, piece of perfectly round, white plastic. Kind of like some of the LED overhead lights we have today however with the moon(ish) gray shadings. With my son’s ap, he finds the moon is on the other side of the globe. He then says…”I’ve got it…It’s Arcturus!” and shows me the screen which I cannot argue with except…There is no way we should be seeing surface features on a star! With my binoculars, any star is going to look like a pinpoint of light…not a moon. As we banter back-&-forth about possibilities and questions he lies on his back in the grass to steady his elbows and snaps a couple photos through one lens of the binoculars. I take some video with my pad as well making certain to video the surroundings to pinpoint the thing at a later date. After approximately 20 minutes of searching internet and looking through binoculars my son gives up and I jump in my vehicle with binoculars and head to a friend’s farm a couple miles away as I had called him to see if he was around and could see what we are seeing. Which he could. On the way I call my wife who is at work and ask her to go outside and look as well which she does with at least one co- worker. As I get to his property he immediately walks over questioning what the heck it is and then I hand him the binoculars as he did not have his own set. More astonishment as he is seeing the same thing in it being moon(ish) however he says the gray markings look like the batman symbol to which I somewhat agreed however more blurry, a tad misshapen, and more squished up in the upper left of the circle. I then proceed to tell him the only thing I can think of is it being Jupiter and read from the dialogue I found on my pad as he is shaking his head knowing the time is not right for viewing it nor is the direction. Our at his farm we had perfect viewing of the object with no obstruction and it is now getting more towards evening so it was even more visible. Again…It is my opinion it never changed size from when I first caught glimpse of it. However it kept moving westward as we were now looking almost due West. As we are studying the thing and coming up with hypothesis, his father and brother drive in and we hand them both the binoculars. His dad finds the object first and comments it could possibly be a space station. I mention something about satellites to which he says they zip across the sky which I then did remember as we saw them often when night fishing for walleyes up in northern MN. This object is no comparison to those. Not even remotely. Everyone goes away shaking their heads in confusion. Chores still needed to be done. I go home to shower and get lunch ready for work on Friday. Friday Sept. 20th I get home from work and walk around the property scanning the horizon South to West to NW and see nothing. I return to look each hour or so and still nothing…At possibly 7:00pm I text my friend asking him “Where did Planet X go!?! and this is his text/reply… 8:01pm I was wondering the same thing!! Do you think it might have been one of those weather monitoring balloons? I watched it until around 8pm last night, and it got really orange/red like the setting sun. My brother ** also saw it turn red and he said that he saw it disappear/burn out/go black. Intriguing none the less!! Saturday Sept. 21st I again went out for my run at the same time however with my father who was visiting for the weekend. I searched the sky a number of times and saw nothing. Sunday Sept 22nd Since I am aware of 8 adults that saw this object my hope is to have them each document what they saw independently. I won’t share this document with them till we have everyone’s, independent, account. May not pursue the bus driver’s account. Time will tell.;45.4535;-94.4376
