3-lighted circular air-craft drops and hovers in mid-air-and vanishes in a few minutes.;2007-04-12 23:00:00;2-3 minutes;3-lighted circular air-craft drops and hovers in mid-air-and vanishes in a few minutes. 	I was with my boyfriend driving down the highway when I made a split decision to get off for some food at a fast-food restaurant. As I exited the highway, my boyfriend commented on what looked to be the only star in the sky, in both of our opinions. I immediately had a feeling he suspected a ufo for some weird reason, but had no idea what we were about to witness. As I came to the bottom of the ramp, I stopped for a moment and just watched as this flying craft came towards us. It seemed to have no steady path. It had incredibly bright white lights and immediately, in mid-air turned those lights off seconds after I stopped at the bottom of the ramp. As we watched, the craft, which was Absolutely Not an airplane, and didn’t appear to be a helicopter either, it dropped straight down about 250 feet in the air, hovered, and then started to rise again. 	I turned right at the stopligh t(at the bottom of the ramp) and then proceded to my restaurant.  My boyfriend told me within 20 seconds from leaving the bottom of the ramp that it was directly above my car.  It stayed above my car as I drove to the restaurant.  My boyfriend told me he looked straight up at it and it was just spinning fast.  It was only about 4-600 feet in the air above us. It looked in the beginning like it was going to land right before our eyes.  It appeared to have 3 little lights on it, one was red and the other two were yellow or white.  This was too low to be a helicopter or plane.  After placing my order I remarked to my boyfriend that I was going to ask someone if they had or could see this thing too! Just as quick as I said that and I pulled forward it was gone- not a trace in the sky. We had seen it from such a distance, but yet it disappeared in a split second. This all happened in just a few minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));38.2637;-90.3868
