Very Low Fast Flying Light Ball with White Jet Stream;2010-11-30 00:00:00;2 seconds;Very Low Fast Flying Light Ball with White Jet Stream I woke up at 2:00 AM to let my dog out and saw what I thought was a really fast bug flying through the air so I disregarded it. Then when I laid down to go back to sleep I was staring at the night sky. I saw what really shocked me! A flying light ball going straight across my neighbors yard into mine very very low and very fast. I saw this very same thing last year but the ball was bigger and orange in color and had fire behind it and was too low to be a comet and changed direction as well. This time it was a very small white light ball and had a white jet stream following it. It was a tiny ball of light very very bright and it appeared out of no where right after an airplane took off on the north runway. I was facing South West towards LAX. The small light ball was flying north right across my yard just above the high line wires just like the one last year. TOO LOW FOR A FALLING STAR! The sky was very clear and the whole thing was only a few seconds maybe o! nly 2 or 3. Too fast to film. I am now very concerned because I woke up this morning and there were so many Chemtrails! On November 13th I also saw in the middle of the day a huge aircraft like an aircraft carrier with 6 silver disks flying in formation like a convoy. I got a picture of the plane but the disks did not show up. Something very strange is going on here over by LAX. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.9613;-118.438
Black craft shows up in picture i did not see when taking the picture;2012-02-15 16:25:00;2 min;black craft shows up in picture i did not see when taking the picture Wed Feb 15th I was watching President Obama's Helicopters leave LAX on route to West Los Angeles.  I was taking the picture with my I-phone looking west toward the pacific ocean. I took two pictures,one shows two Helicopters near my home and three in the distance, in the next photo taken approx 3 to 4 seconds later there appears a craft i can not identify.  It looks like a craft with no wings, no proppellers, and guppy shaped it is not in the frame before.  I will send you both pictures.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Photo shows a bird in flight, with its wings folded.  Tail and beak are prominent.  PD));33.9613;-118.438
