The object appeared to be a giant piece of glass.;1977-07-15 21:00:00;10 minutes;The object appeared to be a giant piece of glass. On this night I was visiting with a friend at his home. My friend, his 5 yr old son and myself were sitting on the hood of his car talking.  At some point the 5 yr old said quote Look up Look up very persistantly. His father told the boy to shut up.This responce by his father bothered me so I told the boy  ya those are stars The boy again insisted that we look up. At this point I looked not straight up but looked to the south of our location and spotted what looked like a chevron shaped object moving silently through the sky.  The object was larger then an airliner had sharp edges to it and the entire surface emitted a white glow. The object reminded me of a giant peice of glass. I was completely shocked at the sight of this object.  After the object left I asked my friend to draw for me what he had just seen, I didnt want to influence his mind in anyway. His discription of the object was just as I had viewed it. The object I might add was on the same flight path to kirtland AFB that many planes use .  My friend and I grew up under this flight path and spent many a summer night trying to reflect spotlights off the wings of planes as they would come in for a landing. We both became very adept at I.D.ing types of planes day or night. What we saw was not a plane or a balloon or anything else that we had ever seen.  This whole experience was like seeing a ghost and left me very un-settled. Every time I tell this story I am met with great skeptisisum, but i know in my heart that I was fortunate enough to see something that most people will never get to see in their lifetime. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
My friend and I were relaxing in a park during the summer of 1986 not far from a friends house where we had left about a half hour earl;1986-07-15 19:30:00;5 min.;My friend and I were relaxing in a park during the summer of 1986 not far from a friends house where we had left about a half hour earlier. We weren't quite ready to go home yet or call it day. I was reclined under a nearby tree in the park while my friend sat leaning against the same tree. The park was about 2 miles north/northwest of Kirtland Air Force Base not far from a local trailer park. I looked up through the sparse tree limbs and leaves at the stars in the sky above and it was a fairly clear night with a few sparse and thin clouds above but probably 90-95% clear skies.  Suddenly, I began to hear a faint hum off in the distance and the sound seemed to be coming from in front of us but it was hard to determine exactly where it was coming from. The sound became a bit louder probably no more than 40 or 50 decibels. Finally as the sound seemed to be right over us it rose in level to about 60 to 70 decibels. At that time I noticed that the stars directly above me seemed to disappear one by one. My friend and I became aware that a large dark object was now passing overhead.  The object was jet black, and appeared smooth and was shaped rather like chevron but more rounded at the edges rather than square. In appearance it was almost like balsa wood sanded smooth with a coat of jet black paint applied to it. It was approximately 100 meters (possibly more) in length from wingtip to wingtip. The width was difficult to determine but I would say about 100 ft at its widest point. The height I could not determine. It had a row of lights along the leading edge, dim and white and a similar row of lights along the back edge. On each wing tip it had one large bright white light which seemed to be almost yellow at times. Near its front, it emitted a floodlight like light which shone down in front of it onto the ground covering an area probably as large as two football fields or perhaps more. Except for the constant hum it made no other sound as it glided overhead about 1200 ft. off the ground.  It seemed to climb higher and higher as it travelled on a northwesterly course finally changing its direction to northeast and rising higher and higher as it went. The front floodlight seemed to turn off but the other lights were still visible and it finally disappeared over the Manzano mountain range after about 5 minutes. I would estimate the speed as very slow probably 80-100 mph maybe less as it passed overhead. It seemed to move almost like a blimp but more silently and it was certainly nothing like an airplane or a hot air balloon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
Extemely large flying wing hovering above a shopping center in Albuquerque NM then left southbound at slow speeds.;2003-04-05 22:30:00;15 minutes;Extemely large flying wing hovering above a shopping center in Albuquerque NM then left southbound at slow speeds. It was about 22:00 possibly 22:45  somewhere in that time frame.  I was outside standing on my 2cnd floor apartment balcony smoke a ciggarete.  When an Extremely large craft no more then 1000 ft away from me flew over a shopping center at around an altitude of about 600+ ft.  I must have watched it sit there and hover for a good 15 minutes give or take a few minutes.  imagine a b2 stealth bomber, aka flying wing.  this thing had to be about 3 or 4 times larger than that, and the thing that confused the most, is no noise, none what so ever.  The only way I could tell that it was the same shape as the B2 stealth bomber, was due to the reflection of the light on the bottom of the craft.  as before it hoverd for about 15 minutes over a shopping center then it left southbound at a slow rate of speed and again very quiet.  I know no information about this type of aircraft that the military would be working on. Or anything civilian at that fact.  My video camera at the time worked perfectly.  I had a full battery at the time, and when i went to record it, the video camera would not turn on.  I tried to call neighbor at the time, and phone lost all cell phone signal.  Any help on figuring it out would be helpfull. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
ufo fly over  out of this world sighting;2004-03-13 20:08:00;25sec;ufo fly over  out of this world sighting sighting over albuquerque 808pm 3-13-04,what apeared to be a chevron shaped formation of eight dimond light flow over head, the size is estamated to be that of three airbus 300 aircraft flying in tight formation,not a sound was herd.I would gage the speed of the craft at or clost to 300knts. altude around 800/1000 ft.Icould clearly see the dimond shaped lights and could make out the reflective shape of what i would call the leading edge. the fly by lasted only 25 seconds no corse changes were seen;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
Watched a vee formation of 7 glowing gold chevron/B-1 bomber shaped objects fly silently overhead in night sky.;2007-02-20 20:45:00;1-1.5 minutes;Watched a vee formation of 7 glowing gold chevron/B-1 bomber shaped objects fly silently overhead in night sky. I am retired USN, retired ((deleted--late 1990's)).  I was a ((deleted--electronics)), and rode Trident class submarines, as well as teaching ((deleted--electronic)) operation and maintenance, and training instructor candidates to be instructors.  I have had a year in college of: engineering physics, calculus, and English, almost a year of biology, nearly two years of chemistry.  I have no college degree.  After ((deleted--near 20)) years in the Navy, I worked designing, writing, and delivering custom training, as well as did presentation coaching, in Atlanta, GA, for 4 years before the economy went south, and I was laid off.   I now work for PNM, Albuquerque’s power and gas company, as an accounting technician.  My brother teaches at a Christian elementary school in Albuquerque, has taught there for 10 years.  He put 4 years in the USN, as a Boiler Technician, in the surface fleet.  We are both Christians.  I am open to there being life on other planets, and I believe UFO sightings are real, especially now!  He is much more closed to both UFOs and alien life, believing there is probably a logical explanation in most cases of sightings.  I go out back every night at my brother’s house where I live, here in Albuquerque, NM, and have a cigar before retiring for the evening.  I did so on February 10, 2007, at about 8:45 p.m.  As I am smoking, I look up at the constellation Orion and at other stars and constellations.  On this evening, I was looking south and slightly west at Orion in the dark, clear, cloudless night sky, when I saw movement to my left out of the corner of my eye.  I turned my eyes to the southeast, and saw what looked like a vee formation coming from the southeast, on a northwest heading.  The vee consisted of 7 objects, each roughly the shape of a B-1 bomber, only, by my estimation, a little longer from nose to tail.  They were all the same color, sort of a pale yellow/tannish/gold color, and glowing softly, (it crossed my mind) almost as if lit by lights from the city, but way too bright for that (even if we had enough city lights in our residential area to provide that kind of illumination) on a dark night.  Each object appeared to have a distinct thin black outline around the glowing colored area.  I say each object, because I distinctly saw dark sky between each of them.  In the approximate minute to minute and a half that I viewed them moving toward me and then close to directly overhead, the vee shifted twice to sort of a lambda shape (Greek letter).  (Take one leg of the vee, and move the head of it down to the mid point of the other leg.)  The leg of the vee that moved was the leg nearest me, on the west side of the formation.  I yelled for my brother several times, finally got his attention by sticking my head in the door for a second and yelling, then moved back to watch the formation again, as he came rushing out.  He could just make out the formation by that time, fading into the northwest night sky, which was lighter, looking in that direction.  By this time, the glowing color of the objects contrasted against the lighter blue sky was darker, sort of an orange/yellow.  No movement or change in shape was made by each individual object (i.e. no wings flapping)--objects simply shifted in formation, and moved in one direction, and, they were completely silent.  I really cannot gauge the altitude at which they were, but, looking back, had I held up my pinky finger, at arms length, the nail would have, I am pretty certain, completely covered one of the objects.  Related information:  my mother told me the next evening, that she had heard that day, a short blurb on local news regarding sightings of what I had seen the previous night.  The official story, apparently, was that there had been an Air Force exercise of some sort, planes supposedly from Kirtland Air Force Base, which is here in Albuquerque.  (We have either B-1 or B-2 bombers, here, not sure which.)  If this was an actual exercise:  1)	Why/how were our Air Force’s planes/jets GLOWING??  (What possible purpose could the capability to glow serve for a war plane, one that is bent on avoiding detection to begin with?) 2)	The direction from which they came is not the direction they would have come from, if they had originated from Kirtland AFB, which is southwest from my sighting position, unless they had taken off, made a wide circle, and then come from over or around the Sandia Mountains, which are to the east.;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
Saw a chevron of lights moving from north to south while watching for the Leonid meteor shower.;2009-11-17 04:10:00;5 to 10 seconds;Saw a chevron of lights moving from north to south while watching for the Leonid meteor shower. Early on the morning of Tuesday, November 17th, 2009 I woke up early in order to go outside and catch a glimpse of the Leonid meteor shower.  I bundled up and went outside.   A few minutes later my eyes had acclimated to the dark but I hadn’t seen any shooting stars.  I had swept the sky a couple of times in order to avoid missing any.  When I turned from the east and was facing almost due west, I looked straight up and something caught my eye. I saw one meteor and then something else.   When I focused on it I saw a total of five dim dots, perhaps lights, arranged in a V, or chevron.  I could not tell their altitude so determining speed is nearly impossible.  They were moving from the north to the south in a very smooth and straight line.  I watched them/it for about five to ten seconds before the ambient light from the city made them/it disappear.   I heard nothing. I looked around a bit longer in the hopes of seeing something else, but eventually got too cold and went! back inside.;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
