Cyan color diamond shape glowing object outskirts west of Albuquerque NM.;2011-12-31 20:20:00;10 seconds;Cyan color diamond shape glowing object outskirts west of Albuquerque NM. While driving my friend pointed to a cyan color light fast approaching horizontally from left to right in the sky.   As soon as I looked the light was a very beautiful shining-glowing cyan color light.  The shape couldn't be distinguished but by the frame of the light was diamond/square shape.  The light was mesmerizing, as soon as I tried to take a picture with my iPhone it kept moving horizontally to the right and disappear.  There was no loud sound or any other lights, as this took place in the outskirts west of Albuquerque, NM.  The light was continuous there where no other colors or flashes.  If I had to compare on the size I'll say bigger than a car(sedan). ((NUFORC Note:  We assume an evening sighting, and we have changed the time above to reflect that fact.  We have no way of reaching the witness for confirmation witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
Black diamond shaped ufo seen over hovering about 300-400 feet over city.;2012-12-04 09:30:00;30 minutes;black diamond shaped ufo seen over hovering about 300-400 feet over city. It was 9:30 and it was a crystal clear blue sky, sunny day.  I was walking by the window at work and i casually noticed a black crow flying by and it caught my eye, so i looked at the bird and after it had passed the window i noticed a black diamond shaped object off in the distance.  The object also caught my eye because it wasn't moving, instead it just sat there.  It was then that I took the time to go outside in the parking lot for a better look. Immediately I noticed that it was not moving up or down or left to right.  It was however, rotating in place slowly. I was trying to make sense that maybe this was a kite, but there was no wind and it was clearly rotating.  Plus, the area at which it was hovering over was all industry and a very busy intersection, so no kid would be flying their kite in that area.  Then, i decided to get a few employees to come look at it to see if they would have an answer.  They were just as stunned as me. I even got a customer to co! me look at it and they too were stunned.  As I focused more and more on its detail, I noticed it had a haze around it and the surface reflected light because when an area of the object rotated into the light, it reflected it, looking smooth and metallic. There may have been a light on one tip of the diamond' but I couldn't be for sure.  Eventually it started to drift to my left and up slowly, and it got to about 600 ft or more, and by this time I knew it couldnt have been a kite because it crossed over the busy street it was hovering over and drifted like 1 block left. no kite string could be that long. This area is a very busy place and other people had to have seen this that morning.;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
Huge oval gem or marquis diamond shaped obj. hovering above the Sandias, split into a smaller flashing red light that shot into space.;2016-11-25 22:50:00;30 minutes;Huge oval gem or marquis diamond shaped object hovering above the Sandias, split into a smaller flashing red light that shot into space I was smoking a cigarette outside with my mom, when I spotted something hovering in the sky above the Sandia Mountains and flickering, for lack of a better word.  I thought it was Venus at first, but then I noticed that the light would randomly shine brighter and then fade.  It looked like there was a huge object that was hovering around Venus, sometimes blocking it from view.  I could see the outline of a huge oval gem or a marquis diamond which almost appeared opaque or camouflaged, like it blended in with the sky behind it...it's hard to explain.  It was also shimmering blue, purple, green, and red around the edges.  The flight pattern was like nothing I've ever seen...it was not human.  It slowly hovered and swayed in the same spot for about 20 minutes when the object split into a smaller flashing red light that shot off into the sky. So fast.  I've never seen anything like it.  I probably asked my mom 10 times if she was seeing what I was (she's an even bigger skeptic than I, but she confirmed that she saw it and it was weird.).  The objects hovered around each other for a few moments then the little one just...shot off.  Straight out and into space.  The larger object hovered for another ten minutes or so before it faded and disappeared.  I haven't seen it since, but every night when I go out to smoke, I'm always looking above the mountains in the hope of seeing it again.  Blew my mind. I really want to know if I saw what I thought I did that night, but I haven't found any other witnesses to verify my observations.  Please someone tell me I'm not crazy.;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
