Rectangular, checkmark shaped craft in NM near Albu. in Dec. 1981;1981-12-01 19:00:00;10 minutes?;Rectangular, checkmark shaped craft in NM near Albu. in Dec. 1981 .on a christmas trip to grandparents in NM, we (mother, friend, brother, daughter of friend, myself)approached east side of Sandias near Alb. on I-40...lots of other cars driving along side...large rectangular (traincar shaped and in size)dropped down right in front of my mom's car...this craft was rectangular with an added storey at the left end of the craft...giving it a checkmark shape...it was very bright...actually looked like it had windows...blocky, like house windows, but not quite...it seemed to hover, floating just in front of us...we were all screaming what is it???  don't get under it!! and my mom's friend was taking pictures of it with an old camera...one with a disposable square flash bulb...only one picture turned out...The folks in other cars seemed to not notice this ...craft...this I remember...I looked out my window (back right)and folks didn't have a reaction to it...then it was gone...once in Alb. we stopped at a restaraunt and just sat...it wasn't a helicopter, airplane, weather balloon, etc...it was as I described. I have been looking since this time for someone who has seen or heard of such a craft.Also...before we saw the craft, we'd been singing (silly family songs) and recording them...then the craft came...didn't turn off the recorder, as it happened so fast...on the tape, we were screaming, as I described before, and when we described what it looked like and listened to the tape later, the description wasn't recorded.;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
saw first light, then second light, parked car to better observe, and saw third light light seemed very high alt. light intensity fluct;2000-04-16 10:25:00;5 min;saw first light, then second light, parked car to better observe, and saw third light light seemed very high alt. light intensity fluctuated many magnitudes While driving north on San Mateo blvd I noticed a very bright light in the sky north of my position at about 75 degrees up from horizon. It was so bright I first thought it was a reflection of the sun from a banking airplane. the light continued to long to be an airplane so I looked closer. The light was continuing and varied in intensness over several magnitudes of brightness I noticed a smaller light blinking at about 7:00 o'clock to the left of the main light, and another small light blinking at about 5:00 o'clock to the right. I still thought it might be a conventional air craft until I noticed that both of the secondary lights were blinking at random rates independent of each other. I then noticed a second main light at about 35-40 degrees east of the first light and at similar apparent height. It displayed similar properties of fluctuating light intensity as the first. The second main light appeared to have a single smaller light directly below it slowly blinking on and of. I saw a parking lot just before the intersection of San Mateo and Montgomery and pulled into it to better observe the lights. When I got out of my car I noticed that the two lights seemed to have increased the space between them but were moving almost imperceptably slow. Then I saw a third bright light about 25-35 degrees south of the first light. It appeared to be closer than the first two and was extremely bright. I could make out no shapes but all of the light fluctuated in light intensity. At the brightest they looked as bright as the sun (perhaps as a star the size of our sun were to look if it were in a binary orbit less than a light year away) the lights were many thims brighter than venus or jupiter would be under the best nighttime viewing conditions. As I watched, all three light moved very slowly, The first light moving toward the south east, the second moving due east, and the third moving towards the south. At one point I noticed that the second light seemed to take on an elongated shape but it could have been glare on the windsheild of my car. As I watched, I heard the sound of a commercial jet comong from the south (were the airport is) and as it came into view, all three light started to fade out. By the time the jet came into view, all lights had disapeared. I waited for a couple of more minutes but they did not reappear. I saw no other motorists stop to look at the lights. The duration of the observation was +/- 4 minutes The lights were pure white in color. I study the UFO issue and have observed all sorts of aircraft both day and night in the skys of albuquerque including commercial and military aircraft. I have also seen brightly illuminated weather balloon in the upper atmosphere. These light were like nothing I have seen before.;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
White rectangle seen falling and then speeding off apparently under power of two cones of orange lights that suddenly came out;2007-04-25 13:00:00;2.5 minutes;White rectangle seen falling and then speeding off apparently under power of two cones of orange lights that suddenly came out I am a technical writer with a degree in geology.  On 4/25/07, I was at a meeting being held near the local airport and Kirtland AFB. I went outside during a lunch break and was just standing on the sidewalk, relaxing with a cigarette (sorry!), looking around. Several people were walking to their cars, etc. However, I was apparently the only person who looked up and saw what appeared to be a very stiff piece of white paper or cardboard in the air, seemingly close by and floating down toward the ground in a back and forth motion. (I feel like wincing since it seems so trite, but it was making that classic falling leaf motion that so many people report.)   It did not bend as a I expect a piece of paper would, but remained stiff the entire way down.  It had about the same relative dimensions of 8.5 X 11 paper, which is what I first assumed it was, and was coming down with the longest side on the vertical axis. The shorter, top side was tilted toward me at about 20 degrees, which became progressively more acute until the flat side was almost horizontal to the ground.  However, I could continue to see almost the entire rectanglular shape. I thought this was odd as I shouldn't have been able to see that much of the rectangle if the object were as small and as close to me as I thought it was (I wasn't directly under the object so, if it was a piece of paper at that angle and assumed distance, I should have seen no more than a sliver of the rectangle from the new angle).  I did not have any sense of there being any substantial depth to the object. Also, believing this was an 8.5 X 11 piece of stiff paper, I thought to myself that it would surely hit me in the face very shortly.  However, as time went on, this piece of paper did not appear to get any closer to me as it was falling, which also convinced me that it was much larger and much higher than I originally estimated.  This made me more curious so I continued to watch it. After at least 2 minutes of slowly falling back and forth, and slowly tilting from vertical to horizontal, the object seemed to catch an updraft and went spiraling back up very quickly.  It started with wide circles that got progressively tighter and tighter until it suddenly stopped moving after about 10 seconds. At its greatest height, it once again started falling toward the ground in the falling leaf motion, only was now oriented horizontally to the ground.  This time it fell for only about 15 seconds before it again spiraled upward for about 5 seconds. I was then astounded to see two garish, neon-like orange cones of light/flame suddenly spew out of the northernmost face of the rectangle and the entire object quickly and silently left the area very steadily and heading southeast in a straight line. It no longer looked like a piece of paper, but looked like a rectangular vehicle that was being confidently driven. It's trajectory should have taken the object directly over the airport, if not also the air force base. It was out of sight in less than 5 seconds and never deviated from it's beeline course. When I returned to the meeting, I did tell my coworkers what I had seen. I had never seen a UFO and had never heard of a rectangular one. I thought at first it may have been a giant piece of cardboard that had presented some flip side to me that had orange cone shapes painted onto it, creating an optical illusion. However, the white rectangle did not change its height/width ratio as one would expect if one side were completely white and the flip side was only 2/3 white. (The orange flame-like cones were about 1/2 the size of the rectangle. If they were painted on there, the rectangle on the painted side should have looked more like a square). At any rate, I do not know what it was. About two weeks later, one of my coworkers excitedly told me she had heard there had been sightings of a similar object in Alaska around the same time, but I was never able to find any such reports. I called MUFON to see if they had reports like mine, but they said they hadn't heard of any. NOTE TO EDITOR: I have two more odd occurrences to report which I will be doing under separate cover.  They are each unique and would be just a mishmash of sightings over the years if I were to combine them here.  I was diagnosed as terminally ill recently and wanted to document my UFO-ish experiences before I am no longer able.  This is most certainly not exaggerated, embellished, or fabricated (it's not that great or dramatic of a sighting anyway) but I freely admit it may have been nothing more than an optical illusion.  Nevertheless, this experience has always puzzled me, especially since finding out that there are, indeed, rectangular UFOs. Were it not for the cones of orange light/flame popping out just before the object took off on its steady southeast course (after acting like nothing more than debris in the air for several minutes), I probably would have forgotten about it, but now I just don't know what I saw that day.;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
Super fast neon rectangle being chased by Air Force jets.;2008-11-03 00:00:00;20 minutes;Super fast neon rectangle being chased by Air Force jets. At approximately 0045 hrs on November 3, 2008 I was awakened to the sound of Military jets which circled the entire city it seemed.  We have Kirtland Air force Base here in  Albuquerque and out of the 25 plus years I’ve lived here I have never ever heard them fly any sort of war game or sortie this late much less on a Sunday night over the entire city, and much much less with their after burners on!   I went outside to see what was going on as their behavior made me think something was definitely not right.  Once I got out in the driveway of my house I saw one of the jets at about 9,000 ft altitude just shredding across the sky.  He made a couple really crazy maneuvers and then headed north of where I was located.  I was looking south.  As soon as the jet made it approximately 4 or 5 miles north of my home, my attention was caught by two other jets following the previous jet.  (I believe they were either F-16’s or F-18’s).  As soon as they all were north of my location, as I was still looking up I saw a tremendously bright purple rectangular shaped light moving straight southbound at a speed that no human made aircraft (that we know about)  could travel at.  The object was gone as soon as it had appeared.   About 20 or so seconds later the jets flew over again in a v shaped three man formation and were still going full after burner.  After this they (the jets) all headed straight south seemingly after the object and disappeared.;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
Black Rectangle Three Green Light Bars UFO Crash seen from Albuquerque 08/07/2009;2009-08-07 22:20:00;15 min;Black Rectangle Three Green Light Bars UFO Crash seen from Albuquerque 08/07/2009 Spotted over the southern skies of southwest of Albuquerque New Mexico.  UFO was boxy and triangular in shape with three green bars of light on back.  Seemed to be hovering for 15 minutes slowly descending erratically towards southwest towards the Earth.   Upon further inspection with binoculars confirmed triangular shape long black ship, seemed to be having engine problems or unstable, appeared to attempt to gain altitude no beacon lights and did not travel or maneuver like a plane or helicopter.  UFO moved quick at times and rotated slightly appearing to attempt to stabilize.  Ship wobbled erratically and slowly descended out of line of sight.   Reported to Albuquerque police. Incident occurred at  aprox. 10:20pm to 10:35pm with 11 family witnesses;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
White Circular object seen over Albuquerque, NM;2012-04-22 13:00:00;45 minutes;White Circular object seen over Albuquerque, NM At 1300hrs on 22, April 2012 skies were partly cloudy when I saw a white circular object over the city 75 degrees from the horizon altitude of about 40,000+ feet floating from South to North between the clouds.  This object did not change shape or altitude, nor did it make any noise, but every so often had what appeared to be an array of yellow lights on the underside that would come on and turn off.  I viewed this object with 2 pairs of Binoculars of differing power,  One pair 7x35 wide angle, the other 8x32, and a 5x monical. I could not make out any major details other than a basic shape, being circular and white.  No military aircraft were seen any were near the object, though at least one Civilian Passenger plane a 757 and a Private Lear Jet flew in the vicinity of the object.  There were two other witnesses that saw the same object as it floated by.  Both of these witnesses saw nothing different than I did and said it was white and circular.  At 13:50hrs the ! object had floated out of view to the North.  There were no reports on the news that night of this object so I do not know if anyone else saw it other than the 3 of us.;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
I was facing to the Eastern sky at angle of 35 degrees rise from horizon.  The little dipper is to my left.  I am watching a jet high i;2013-04-25 09:28:00;2-3 seconds;I was facing to the Eastern sky at angle of 35 degrees rise from horizon.  The little dipper is to my left.  I am watching a jet high in the sky when I see a bright light come on out to the right of the jet.  The light was bright but I could see that it was behind the jet.  Then the light came straight at me so fast it seemed to ride the light and approached me so fast and stopped suddenly in its tracks.  Then in a split second the light turned off and it looked rectangular and I could make it out by the reflection of the bright full moon.  It only seemed about a 1000 yards away.   Then in the next split second it appeared to &quotslingshot&quot itself back and to the left where it came from.  I could see the shape get smaller and smaller til it was gone!   I got the impression it was stalking the westbound jet I was initially watching.;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
I observed a light mist/cloud like object move West to South covering many thousands of miles away and high in approximately 12 seconds;2016-07-09 22:52:00;12 seconds;I observed a light mist/cloud like object move West to South covering many thousands of miles away and high in approximately 12 seconds and at a constant speed.Its shape never changed and it's sides in width and kength never changed.;35.115939668508;-106.613188950275
