The triangle the flew over the house.;1974-06-15 15:00:00;5 Minutes;The triangle the flew over the house. I was sitting on the front porch of my home at about 3:00pm when I was looking to the north. I saw this large, black, triangle shape craft comming toward the house. It looked to be about 8 feet thick and the sides were about 16 to 20 feet long, with one large white light in each of the three points and then another slightly larger white light in the center. It seemed to be moving at about 10 to 15 miles per hour headed south. It was about a foot to two feet above are TV antenia. It was not making any noise. It did not have any lights on any other edge of the ship that I remember seeing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.2632;-121.6947
Shiny Black Triangle with lights in courners and one in center fly over small town in California.;1974-07-15 03:30:00;5 Minutes;Shiny Black Triangle with lights in courners and one in center fly over small town in California. I was sitting on my front porch reading a book when I happened to look up to the north, I saw this triangle shaped craft coming toward me. I just set their watching.  It was flying so low that it almost hit the TV Antinas along the way.  I was scared and could not move or take my eyes off the craft.  It was a perfect Triangle with a light in each corner, and one big light in the middle of the craft. The light were solid and did not blink at all.  It was moving so slow that I was afraid it was going to fall out of the sky.  It took about 5 or 6 minutes for it to fly the few blocks that I was watching it.  It was about 15 to 20 feet long and a shiny black metel and about 6 feet thick. I do not remember what was on the top, I just remember that I Thought it was going to hit the antani and crash into the house.  After it went over the house, I ran out into the front yard to see where it was going and got out just in time to see it zip off faster then my eyes could follow.  I ran into the house to ask my Mother if she happened to see it fly over head.  She did not see anything.   About 3 days later the boy from across the street, ((name deleted)), saw me and asked if I saw it, he was at a friends house a couple of blocks to the north and was in the front yard when it went over their house.  Niether one of use could get our families or friends to believe us at the time.  But now it has shown a ship just like the one I saw on the TV an people have started to believe. (NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.2632;-121.6947
The Triangle over Live Oak;1977-07-14 13:00:00;1 hour;The Triangle over Live Oak This happened a long time ago. I was about 14 years old and it was a warm summer day and I was sitting on the front porch about 1:00pm. I noticed that it seemed to get very quiet that not even the birds could be heard. I stood up and looked out and noticed a dark triangular something flying over the house. It had white flashing lights on each point and a bright, smaller red on dead center of the craft. But there did not seem to be any other openings or any other lights on the craft. It was made of a black plastic looking material. Nothing like had seen before or have seen scene, and I was a Security Police Specialist in the US Air Force. It was back before cable and we still had an antenna and the thing was about 2 or 2 feet above it but there was not even the slightest sound. It seemed to be going so slow I thought that it was going to fall on top of our house. It was about 40 yards long and took forever to pass overhead. When it was gone I ran inside and ask my Mother if she seen what just went over but she said she did not. Then later that day the boy from across the street came over and he asked if we had seen it. He was behind his house watching it pass over. It seemed that no one but us two had seen anything. We ask everyone in town and then in school the next couple of days and now one had seen it or no one had claimed to have seen it. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));39.2632;-121.6947
Flash of blue energy followed by an object sighting.;1992-06-01 19:30:00;7 min;Flash of blue energy followed by an object sighting. This event happened when I was very young.   My two friends and I were boy scouts together and we were playing in the wooded area behind the building we call scout hall.  There was a bluish flash of energy and suddenly we saw a triangle shapped object hovering in the air.  The hairs stood up on our arms.  The three of us were very scared.  The object had a flashing blue pulse of light on its bottom.  The blue energy returned and crackled in the air.  Suddenly the object dissapeared.  Almost as if it teleported.  It is something that sticks in my mind constantly.  I want to get it off my chest and let it be known. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.2632;-121.6947
Hovered with bright lights over the house for 2 hours.  ((NUFORC Note:  Celestial body??  PD));2004-03-20 20:00:00;2 hours;Hovered with bright lights over the house for 2 hours. I pulled the car into the driveway after picking my 13 year-old son up from a friends house (It was about 8:00pm). As we got out of the car my son pointed up and to the west of the house and said What in the heck is that? I looked up and quickly said It's a Star of course. My son then said That's the brightest star I've ever seen!  I then took another look and my son was right. This object was far brighter than any other stars in the sky. It was a clear night. We watched this object for a minute and I could see individual lights on it that slowly rotated as the object would sway from side-to-side and move up and down in a gliding motion. I tried to tell myself it was an airplane, but many airplane passed by in the night sky and this objedt was far larger and brighter than any plane. The 4 or 5 lights on the object were white in color sometimes showing a redish light. It hovered around in one place in the sky slowly moving downward fro qbout 2 hours before I lost sight of it as is seemed to travel off into the distance towards the town of Colusa maybe. My son got scared and went in the house after watching for about 5 minutes. I got a little scare to when I realized that this was not a plane or a helicopter. This object was maybe 2 or three miles away (Hard to tell exactly).  It was silent as it hovered. Even more strange, another object entered the atmosphere high above in the sky while I watch for about 2 hours. I noticed the object above moving across the sky just like a satellite (a small blue dot) but then the satellite suddenly grew about 10 times in size and turned a bright yellow-orange color for about one second, and then returned to a small blue dot continuing to travel across the sky. This seemed to me to be something entering the atmosphere but could have been unrelated to the larger object I was watching.  I can't explain what this object was no matter how hard I try. I've never seen anything like this before. The battery on my camcorder was dead so I could not vide! otape th e object. I am a mechanical engineer and my son is a 7th grade student.;39.2632;-121.6947
