8:15 pm this evening 3 round orange lights with some denseness to them moving slowly but steadily from northeast to south in the sky.;2014-09-26 20:15:00;30-60 seconds;8:15 pm this evening 3 round orange lights with some denseness to them moving slowly but steadily from northeast to south in the sky. Around 8:15 pm this evening I was walking my dog in my driveway when a round orange light caught my eye in the northeastern sky.  I stopped to look and saw 2 more of the same in the sky further to the south through some of my trees, but farther away than the trees.  They were all traveling from northeast to south in the sky, from where I was looking. It seemed they were 1/2 way between the horizon and the top of the sky. The speed was not fast like a meteor or shooting star, but more like 1/2 the speed of a small propellor plane flying low. I live a few miles from a local airport and am familiar with low flying planes at night and their lights -- what I saw was not that. The orange lights looked to be about the size of 1/2 of a plane. There was no noise or sound emanating from them. They seemed to have a denseness or 3-dimensional form to them, with one side a bit irregularly shaped. They kept moving steadily without stopping, without speeding up/slowing dow! n. It is a clear night with stars much further up in the sky than the orange-lighted objects I saw. I am health professional with 45 years experience, have children and grandchildren. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.6646;-70.3452
8:15pm, Cape Cod, 3 round orange lights, with a denseness to them, traveling slowly but steadily from the northeast to the south.;2014-09-26 20:15:00;30-60 seconds;8:15pm, Cape Cod, 3 round orange lights, with a denseness to them, traveling slowly but steadily from the northeast to the south. I was walking my dog in the driveway around 8:15pm in the evening, when a round orange light caught my eye in the southeastern sky.  I stopped to look, as I could see it farther away, not directly overhead, and it seemed about 1/2 the way between the horizon and the top of the sky.  Then I saw 2 other round lights moving ahead of this one, toward the southern sky.  All 3 were coming higher up from the northeast direction and down toward the south. There was no sound or noise coming from them.  The movement was not fast like a meteor or shooting star, it was more like 1/2 the speed of a low-lying propellor plane, the speed was steady with no stopping that I could see.  I knew it was not an airplane, since a local airport is several miles away, and I am used to seeing small planes flying low, and am familiar with the lights on such planes seen at night.  And the orange light did not dissipate, it seemed to keep its form.  Actually, these 3 orange lights were not f! lat, they seemed to have a dense or 3-dimentional form.   I am a professional in the health field with 45 years experience, have children and grandchildren out of state. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.6646;-70.3452
