Triangular formations over Anaheim, CA;2001-12-04 21:00:00;20 seconds;Triangular formations over Anaheim, CA I was looking up towards the North Star, all of sudden I saw two formations of lights (about 15 in each), in triangle formations. After a few seconds they changed formation into one large triangle, and one object was acting like a rover circling the whole triangle, then it added itself on to the formation, and they dissapeared into the distance. They were at a very high altitude. I have never seen anything like this or reported anything in my life. I come from a family of fighter pilots and airline pilots, I have been around all kinds of planes and airshows my whole life. The speed and manueverability of these objects was something I haven't  seen before. If anyone else witnessed the same formations I would like to know. They were flying directly Southbound away from North star. This happened in Anaheim, CA at 21:00 on 12/04/01. If antbody witnessed this event or has seen simular events, please email me at ((address deleted)). Thankyou, ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and he sounded quite level-headed and sincere to us.  We suspect that his report has no relationship to the sighting from Santa Ana/Garden Grove from the same date, but two hours earlier.  Apparently, the movement of the objects was quite uncharacteristic of migratory birds, aircraft, or any other phenomenon the witness is familiar with.  The witness identified himself as being a private pilot.  PD));33.8344239820838;-117.878960545603
3 multicolored lights in triangular formation hovering and then rising up.  It changed formation and moved on a curve several times.;2009-12-24 18:30:00;1-3 minutes;3 multicolored lights in triangular formation hovering and then rising up.  It changed formation and moved on a curve several times. This is probably going to sound crazy, but I can’t explain what I saw tonight.  My husband saw it too, he thinks it was just a plane, but he can’t explain how the lights possibly looked if they were a plane. We went to Disneyland tonight.  We got off the Nightmare before Christmas ride and were walking back towards the lake when I saw 3 multicolored lights in the sky over the lake in triangular formation.  Disney normally has this light show over the lake, where they project lights and movies onto water fountains that shoot out of the lake.  I though the lights were something for the show, and I pointed them out to my husband and told him I wanted to see what they were doing for the light show. As we walked, the lights were moving slowly upwards.  I still thought they had to do with the show, until we got over next to the lake and no one was there because there was no light show.  We could still see the triangular formation moving up and to the right.  I asked my husband what it was, and he said it had to be a plane.  But the lights did not stay in one formation, they changed places.  I could tell because each one was a different color, and they switched as they moved. I kept telling my husband to look, and asking him what he thought it was, but he couldn’t answer.  He said it was a plane, then that it was too foggy to tell, but I know what I saw. The lights moved up and to the right, and finally, and turned to look at my husband and when I looked back they were gone.  I’ve thought it over 100 times, and I don’t know what it was. They did not move in a straight line, they changed formation, they were much closer to the park when I saw them than when they disappeared.  Even if there had been a light show it couldn’t have explained this.   I know it sounds completely crazy to say you saw a UFO at Disneyland, but I have no explanation for what I saw. I have photos, but they are long exposures and not very good, but you can see in the few shots that they are getting dimmer.  I could see them for probably about 2-3 minutes.;33.8344239820838;-117.878960545603
