Silent circular ball of light seen over Pawtuckaway Lake then flickers out.;2012-07-13 20:15:00;4 minutes;Silent circular ball of light seen over Pawtuckaway Lake then flickers out. We were boating after sunset on Pawtuckaway Lake. Stars were becoming visible in much of the sky.  We were turned towards the east and saw a large orange ball rise over the tree lines.   It pulsated.  It had no additional lights.  It was just a large circle, much larger, brighter, more orange than any traditional aircraft.    We killed the boats engine to listen and it was silent.  It crossed south to north in front of us and every adult on the boat was confused by it's lack of identifying lights, shapes or sounds.  It went fairly slow for something that seemed lower, like the height of a helicopter.   The light appeared to grow brighter ad then weaker.  Then it disappeared right in the middle of the sky.  Like someone turned the light out.   It flickered out.  Entire duration 3 to 4 minutes.    It was too close and too big to be silent.;43.1234;-71.1107
Orange ball of light rises through woods over tree line, follwed west to northeast path then disapeared;2012-08-24 22:00:00;5 minutes;orange ball of light rises through woods over tree line, follwed west to northeast path then disapeared On Aug. 24th 2012 at approx 10 pm i was sitting in my chair on Pawtuckaway Lake in nottingham nh.  In the distance directly across from me a reddish light appeared i thought it was a campfire but it looked to red and immediate, not like a growing fire.the light moved in and around the trees changing shape and then began to rise through the trees.  I was alone and very surprised to see it now above the tree line and hovering while it pulsed. it had become a ball like light orange in color now. It began to move across the lake at a fairly slow pace.  I got up moved to the end of the dock as this light was moving in my direction to the right  west to north east.  No other markings, or lights were visible and the strangest part was that it was completly silent, no noise at all it flew to my right and just disapeared .  I typed in orange ball over pawtuckaway lake and saw that some folks were on there boat on  7/13/2012 and saw the same thing. I just happen to see it! in the woods too. They saw it rise over trees. I am very interested in this as i know what I saw and now that other people saw it too would like someone to contact me to share.;43.1234;-71.1107
