Large hovering black object with lights appeared and then changed into several orange orbs.  No sound and slow moving.;2021-03-25 22:00:00;10 minutes;Large hovering black object with lights appeared and then changed into several orange orbs.  No sound and slow moving. On March 25th 2021 at 9:50 pm I was sitting in my car at the Olalla Beach in Washinton State on the phone with a friend.  Suddenly above my car appeared a large UFO.  It was black with lights all over it with no markings, there was no sound and it just hovered over the front of my car for about 15 seconds about 30 feet in the air.    I can only describe it like a peice of black tourmaline, abstract and mostly recangular but resembled a crystal rock shape and not like anything I have ever encountered before.  I would say it was aproximately the size of a semi truck.  I opened my car door and got out to take a photo.  I was in awe, I had to just observe it for a few more seconds.  It began to move very very slowly towards the Saratoga Passage then up and over the Olalla bridge.  Still no sound and slow movement with lights flashing all over the object.  I tried to take photos while it was above me however my cell wouldn't work at the moment.  I watched it go from above my car ! after appearing below a tree line on my right side, as you will see in my day picture I took today.  This craft did not fly in above me,  it just simply appeared.  I am sending you a photo of the scene I took today in the daylight and from the right you can see the treeline.  It appeared above the water, then flew to the left out to the sound towards Seattle.  It moved up and over the bridge that you can see in the night shot I was able to get after it moved further from me.  It dispersed into orange round lights and continued to fly off to the left with no sound at a snails pace.  After going to the site today I took a panorama of the area and realised that it flew right through the power lines hanging above the Olalla Bridge.  I am just now reporting this because when I tried to talk to a person they told me to fill out a written report and that the phone lines were too busy for him to be able to talk long and that this had been reported from California, Oregon, and all u! p the Washington Coast.  It was amazing, astonishing and I obs! erve the night skies all the time and have NEVER ever seen a UFO like this one.;47.3204564356436;-122.607657425743
