I saw an object that displayed Intelligence, bright light and great speed.;1998-05-20 21:45:00;3 minutes;I saw an object that displayed Intelligence, bright light and great speed. I went out to have a cigarette on my stoop, and when I go out at night I always look up. To my left (EAST) about 45 deg. in the air was 1 bright, silent white light with a red light on top just sitting there not moving. I looked at it for a good minute, ( Stunned, knowing that this was not a plane or a helicopter, I'm Retired Army) after about a minute or so I lit my cigarette while keeping an eye on the light. Not a couple of seconds went by when the light quadrupled in size and got so bright, shining directly into my eyes. It was so bright I had to squint and turn my head to keep watching it. After a few seconds the light dimmed somewhat remained motionless for a little bit and then slowly started moving to my right, and then, in an instant it took off like a bat out of hell heading SSE and was gone.;42.1614;-87.9660000000001
While sitting outside with a friend, looking out west into the distance I saw an orange light moving southeast towards us. This little;2009-07-20 22:40:00;3 minute's;While sitting outside with a friend, looking out west into the distance I saw an orange light moving southeast towards us.  This little orange ball of light was definitely at high altitude.  I’m very big with aviation so the first thing I noticed is that it was not blinking any colors or white lights, like the aircraft around it near the same altitude were.   Me and my friend watched the mysterious orange light, which I thought was just a plane, flying across the sky.  As soon as it all most came over us the orange ball of light stopped and suddenly faded away.   In shock, my friend and I waited for 5 minutes looking around the sky for the little orange ball of light that was right above us a moment before, but could not seem to find it again.  Then suddenly me and my friend spotted 2 more moving objects moving northwest were to little white dots, looked like stars almost, again very high altitude but seemed very close for high altitude aircraft.   The 2 little white lights that were not as bright as the orange light.  They again were way to close then anything I have ever seen, and were moving at the same speed same directing.;42.1614;-87.9660000000001
Bright starlike object with changing speeds and floating movement at very high altitude moving W to E, without dimming in intensity.;2015-07-31 22:05:00;5 minutes;Bright starlike object with changing speeds and floating movement at vert high altitute moving West-East without diming in intesity While walking dog we noticed a bright yellowish planet type object moving in the sky from west to east at about 75 deg above horizon. It was a very clear night. It did not appear to be a plane since there was no flashing lights, noise or trail and did not have the movement of a plane as I will explain in detail. I ruled out a satellite or the ISS for the following reasons. I observed the ISS at much lower elevations above the horizon, traveling in a strait path at a consistant speed and following a NW to SE orbit. this was nothing like that.  It was not a satellite or ISS because:  1.  The object was not traveling at a constant speed.  It seemed to slow down then speed up constantly as it moved across the sky   2.  At times the object seemed to wiggle or meander at times in a sense  that it shifted it's course slightly while moving very slowly then speed up again. We noticed this several times. 3.  As it moved east the light did not seem to dim as a satellite or the ISS would from loosing the reflection of the sun on the solar panels.  To me this indicated the glow of the light was powered by the object and not reflected from the sun.  4. The object was about the size as one would observe Venus but not quite as bright but more yellow/orange in color. The object was visible at that intensity for several minutes. Much longer than I have observed for anything in orbit.;42.1614;-87.9660000000001
