Me and two of my other friends were sitting on my windowsill when we decided to go out when we saw a necklace my friend had dropped acr;1999-02-06 23:45:00;15-20 minutes at the most;Me and two of my other friends were sitting on my windowsill when we decided to go out when we saw a necklace my friend had dropped across the street.  We went to get it, and noticed an unusually bright light.  We looked up and saw a strange, round yet triangle looking craft.  It moved low and fast, seeming to follow our street.  We decided to follow it though it was late.  We jogged half way down my street after it, then suddenly it stopped, hovered, and then blazed straight upwards into the sky and faded into the stars.  When we returned home and sneaked back into my window, I saw a few faint stars that seemed to move then disappear. I was having a sleep over with two of my friends to discuss the facts about a new club we wanted to make concerning that of, ironically enough for that night, UFO's.  We had all had our own experience in seeing such strange things and we highly believed in it.  The only thing is, all of us have one belief.  If they land, it will most likely be not to make peace and exchange happy little gifts to us, but to take earth.  But who's to say what?  We have many beliefs, one that might make this bringing together make a little more sense is that we believe that if we evolved to look like this, what's to say that aliens don't look like us and walk among us.  And if they were to try to take Earth, we all agreed, it would be through the back door.  Well, we were talking about other matters as I sat up on my windowsill.  my room faces the street so I can see the clear acre of land across the street.  My two friends were talking when I noticed a small light shine off of something across the street.  I had lost my necklace near there earlier that night when we had gone out on a walk.  I jumped out of my window (we live in a one story house) and walked across the street.  It was near midnight, I remember that much, and no one, almost no one, is awake at that time.  I picked up the small necklace and one of my friends brought up the obvious, how could it have glinted if we don't have streetlights?  None of the patio lights are bright enough to cast that much light to make this small object shine.  Call it hunch.  The moon was bright, but there was an iridescent light that seemed to shine besides that.  We didn't notice that till a little later, but at the same time, we all felt the hairs on the back of our neck stand on end.  We all looked up at the same time and saw it.  it was a triangular object, too big to be an airplane and not shaped like it at all.  It was a triangular shape, with no wings.  It was round though, no sharp edges.  It didn't have blinking lights, it just glowed.  the light was yellowish.  I mysel! f notice d what could have been a small, red light in the center but I didn't tell my friends. That's not a plane. 1 of my friends and I both said at the same time. Let's follow it. The other said.  We all agreed and began to jog after it.  we all realized it moved too slow to be an airplane.  We ended up walking, rather slowly mind you, just to follow it.  It seemed to follow the same path as our street, which confused all of us.  I think I was the only one who could really tear my gaze from the object to look over at my other friend with long hair.  Her hair stood up almost on end.  I looked back up at the object.  It was moving a little faster.  We jogged after it, then it stopped.  So did we.  It hovered there for a few seconds, then flew upwards fast and faded into the stars.  we realized we were halfway to the end of our street standing in the middle of desert.  we jogged back to my place and I prayed my Dad hadn't woken up at the sudden silence.  Luckily, I didn't hear my name being called.  As my first friend began to climb back into the window, I felt a weird feeling wash through me again.  I looked up.  Nothing out of the ordinary, but still... I stared up into the sky and saw a faint star off in the distance.  It had more stars around it like it was a galaxy, but the stars around the first seemed to move rather quickly.  I tugged on my friend&#8217s arm. &#8220Toto,&#8221 I said, &#8220We ain&#8217t in Kansas anymore.&#8221  She looked at me weird and then I pointed up to the stars.  She strained her eyes then saw them.  My other friend did the same. &#8220Now all we need is the Leprechauns,&#8221 One of them said.  I smiled and watched till they disappeared then we climbed back into my window. &#8220Well, this turned out to be a pretty awesome meeting.  Now all we need is some &#8216Take me with you&#8217 signs, and we&#8217re all set up.&#8221 I said. (On the bottom, I have checked that I would like to be contacted.  I'm not to sure though.  My parents still don't know about that night. i would like to be called though.  I am young, I was in teh 6th grade when this happened and I'm in 7th now, but I can swear to you that this happened, and my friends will back me up. ((NUFORC Note:  This is a very nice, very convincing report.  We would note, however, that the writing style of the witness is extraordinarily well-developed for a 7th grade student.  We commend the young lady on her writing ability.));36.020389914163;-115.050717167382
Red/white blinking object observed over Sloan Canyon area/West Henderson.;2016-07-11 23:00:00;5 minutes;Red/white blinking object observed over Sloan Canyon area/West Henderson My wife was driving south on I-15 near the St Rose Parkway interchange.  She observed a circular craft what appeared to be a single triangular wing flying overhead.  The object flashed a bright red light from the 'wing', and when this was off two dimmer white lights blinked from the 'disk' section. She called me and I went to the backyard (we live to the east of the M Resort) and I observed an object in the same area, with the distinctive bright red - white - white blinking pattern flying in the Sloan Canyon area, heading away from me to the southwest. After several minutes, the lights suddenly stopped blinking while the object was in mid-air, and we could not observe the object any further.;36.020389914163;-115.050717167382
Looked comets falling straight down from a plane then they stopped before hitting ground hovered,  ((anonymous report));2019-09-18 19:24:00;7 seconds;Looked comets  falling straight down from a plane then they stopped before hitting ground hovered, and looked like plane lights.  All fell straight down one after the other.  Then the lights of the plane disappeared.;36.020389914163;-115.050717167382
Very large silver flying aircraft teardrop in shape appeared overhead while pulling into driveway at approximately 6:40p.;2019-11-02 18:40:00;5 seconds;Very large silver flying aircraft teardrop in shape appeared overhead while pulling into driveway at approximately 6:40p. UFO Sighting November 2, 2019 Location:  Henderson, NV 18:40  Description: I saw very clearly something very very bright shoot over my head while I was turning into my driveway.  It was moving very fast compared to several other airplanes I also saw coming in or taking off from McCarran Airport.  It was almost teardrop in shape and left a vapor trail of some sort.  In 5 seconds or so the light was gone.  My first thought on this was:  That almost looks like a shooting star but way too big.  Here in Las Vegas the stars are hard to see at night because of the “light pollution”.  I have seen actual shooting stars and of course they look very small but flash only briefly before they vanish.  I jumped on the computer and this site to see if anyone has reported it yet or seen anything here in Henderson, NV.  So far nothing has been reported.  As far as the description of the aircraft I saw, it was almost teardrop in shape, almost shiny and very bright.  In comparison to the other aircraft in the air at the time it had no lights of any kind.  Our airplanes of course have red, white, and green landing lights.  This aircraft did not. I only saw it for approximately 5 seconds kind of like the duration of a shooting star.  Then the whole thing vanished.;36.020389914163;-115.050717167382
