Abduction Fall 1996;1996-09-15 20:45:00;Unknown;Abduction Fall 1996   ABDUCTION EXPERIENCE       Fall 1996. Two friends and I had just attended a high school volleyball game in Harrington, Washington.  The two friends were skeptics of alien activity until this experienced happened.  They are both not as willing as I am to tell the story.  I don’t know if it maybe something still in the subconscious mind that does not allow them to be as open as I.  I do know that they will admit to the same as I.  It did happen and it is real.  There is no doubt in my mind. We had left the volleyball game well before the sports bus.  It was a dark evening with some patchy fog along the highway.  Not bad enough to loose your bearings.  Especially on a highway that we had all traveled hundreds of times before.  Highway 2 was our life line to real civilization.   We were approaching the Telford rest area between Davenport, WA, and Creston, WA.  I had set the cruise control at five miles per hour over the speed limit.   We traveled past the rest area just as we had time and time again.  Suddenly, every body in the car had an awakening feeling.  As if you had just been in a deep sleep.  It was almost the same feeling as awakening from a bad dream.   We all noticed it at the same moment and began commenting on the strange feeling we had all just experienced.   Then, we were traveling past the rest area again.  Different cars were traveling toward us on the highway.  We had been put back in the wrong place.  It  is the only verdict that I can come to grasp.   The travel that evening had taken us longer than it should have.  We arrived only a few minutes ahead of the sports bus.  We lost somewhere between 10-15 minutes.  We were gone.  I don’t have any recollection of what happened while I was gone, nor do the friends that were with me.  They say that we hit a time warp or something like that.  I don’t know what really happened to us.   Maybe someday I will? ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the source of this report, and he sounded to us to be quite serious-minded.  He indicates that the date of the experience is approximate.  PD));47.7977;-118.5312
