Unable to sleep, looking out window, became aware of something coming over top of building, lit from beneath, almost luminescent. Slowl;1996-09-09 05:30:00;30 sec.;Unable to sleep, looking out window, became aware of something coming over top of building, lit from beneath, almost luminescent.  Slowly passed over,making no sound what-so-ever even though it appeared to be very low, then sped up and streaked away.  Called husband in time for him to see only the disappearing lights...he saw red and white, though I only saw white as it was over us,as it left. My husband was ((title deleted)) of the ((enterprise name deleted)) Savannah and we lived on the top floor of the hotel with windows facing to the north giving long unbroken views across the marsh to South Carolina.  It was about 5:30 in the morning and still fully dark.  I had an extremely painful toe which was keeping me awake.  I'd just gotten up to doctor it and returned to bed, lying on my side facing the window with foot hanging off bed to let medication dry.  In this position I suddenly became aware of the fact that something was beginning to pass over the hotel from south to north.   At first I saw just the lip, then more and more of it, almost floating slowly northward. It was round and lit from beneath or within with white lights, not uniform in brightness, but some spots brighter than others and I recall thinking it looked like a tentacle-less jelly fish...why?  I guess because it was sort of translucent appearing.  That's the best way I can describe it.  It didn't make a sound though was no more than a couple hundred yards over the hotel.   I jumped out of bed, speechless and staring in awe.  When I found my voice called my husband and the urgency in my voice bolted him upright so he was beside me instantly at the window.  However in that brief period, the slow, leisurely speed it had had vanished and it absolutely streaked away so that in the space of just a couple of seconds, it was between 3 and 5 miles off.  Thus, my husband only was able to see it disappearing in the distance and it was far enough then that he saw only red and white lights disappearing, but could not make out the shape.  (I'd seen only white).   It was such an unbelievable sight and I am so thankful he saw it as well, otherwise I'd be doubting myself. Made one call, very sheepishly to Savannah police who had had no other reports.  Made another call to a local tv station to see if they had had any.  They wondered if I'd mind appearing on camera as a human interest story but in no way would I ever have considered it. It's almost an embarrassment because most people don't believe in UFO's.   Aside from these 2 phone calls, I've told only my 2 children and my two brothers.  This just isn't something you can talk about to friends or casual acquaintances without them worrying about your stability!!   As for my background, I was 53 at the time, college degree, former social worker then didn't work outside the home while the kids were growing up;32.0242446666668;-81.1162122222221
I took pictures of a dense cloud and I saw these 3 perfectly aligned objects with lights. there was not any sound or blinking of light;2014-05-25 00:00:00;5 seconds;I took pictures of a dense cloud and I saw these 3 perfectly aligned objects with lights .  there was not any sound or blinking of lights. it moved upwards in 5 sec duration. those were saucer shaped objects.;32.0242446666668;-81.1162122222221
