Two triangular objects that were in a haze that sometimes had a soft green haze;2014-05-02 05:40:00;20-30 minutes;Two triangular objects that were in a haze that sometimes had a soft green haze On Friday, May 2, around 5:40 am I was driving south on Shary road.  I came to a red light on Miltary Highway and Shary Road.  I saw something flash in the sky and at first I thought it could be a rain storm with some lightening.  But there were few clouds in the sky.  I continued to look up and saw two triangular objects that had a haze around them.  They were both flying in the sky back and forth within a small area.  No rhyme or reason to the movement.  One seemed to be following the other.  I watched for about five minutes.  Sometimes it looked like the haze was a soft green.  Other times just a white foggy color. I went to the gas station to pick up donuts.  I got back in my truck and as I was pulling out again I thought this is just TOO strange.  I looked up again and they were still there. I decided to pull out my phone and take a picture.  They were moving so fast and I didn’t think I was getting any pictures, so I kept deleting them.  I realized I needed to be at my location so I snapped a few more photos and left.  The house I was going to is not even a mile away.  When I got out of my truck, I tried to take a few more pictures and then went inside.  I explained to my friend and her 15 year old son what I had seen and asked them to come outside with me to see if it was my imagination or if they could also see it.  They came outside and could clearly see what I was seeing.  We watched for a few minutes and then went inside.  We went back out a few minutes later and they were gone. When we went back inside I mentioned that I tried to take photos and the boy, suggested I look at my phone again.  So I did.  The screen is dark and you can barely see little dots of light.  When you enlarged it you could see much more.  So we scrolled through the few pictures I took and each one looks so different from the other.  Even the little spots of light you can see without enlarging does not resemble what I was looking at with the naked eye nor does the enlarged pictures.  When I try to text it or email it doesn’t come through that well at all.  Also if I go in a dark room and enlarge the pictures it’s even more vivid.  The pictures I will email to you are ones I have enlarged on my screen and photo saved. This is so strange to me, I have never seen anything similar to this and I am very perplexed.;26.2258827476038;-98.3305830670936
