Three differently shaped, silent UFOs during two events, northbound over Richmond, California in early 1970's;1973-07-01 21:00:00;20 seconds;Three differently shaped, silent UFOs during two events, northbound over Richmond, California in early 1970's The date I've given is a rough approximation and represents two events fairly close in time I saw these sometime in the early seventies and filled this form out as roughly as it would accept date data.  In 1973 I would have been 10 years old.  To give some idea of my ability as a witness, I point out that as a child I was very well informed of then-current and past aircraft, both military and civilian, and kept my eyes to the skies eagerly watching the planes flying out of Hamilton Field using Richmond as a flight corridor.  My dad took me to airshows and airports, and we even had a private tour of Moffett Field at one point.  During the course of two evenings, probably within a year or so of each other, I saw a total of three UFOs.  All three were shaped differently, and one event included two of them close together.  Unfortunately I cannot recall which two of the three described below were paired.  Both sitings were at dusk with enough light to illuminate the craft for visual observation.  All aircraft were northbound and on the same path used by airliners northbound out of Oakland Airport.  It is my impression that these may have been lower in altitude than the airliners typically flew, and that they may have had approximately the same maximum dimensions as airliners.  None displayed lights in my recollection, and none were audible.  In the case of the two which were paired, one UFO trailed the other rather closely - within a few craft lengths.  Velocity of all three was similar to that of the airliners I often watched going the same direction.  UFO #1 was shaped like a hockey puck and reminded me of one of the circular ice cream sandwiches I used to eat as a kid.  The outer edge exhibited some sort of framework or other features.  Come to think of it, for those who may be familiar, it looked a bit like the Oakland Coliseum (the covered structure, not the adjacent ballfield stadium).  UFO #2 appeared simply as a pair of swept wings and was devoid of visible equipment or detail.  I don't believe either of the prior flying wing bombers operated by the USAF was still active, and the B-2 was still a gleam in some engineer's eye.  UFO #3 gave the impression of a cigar or banana with an aft dorsal appendage.  My thought, then and now, is that it was much like the fuselage of a conventional airliner - missing the wings and horizontal stabilizers. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));37.9330321428571;-122.337610714286
Silent Airplanes at Low Altitude;1997-06-01 22:00:00;5 minutes;Silent Airplanes at Low Altitude To set the background, Richmond is the city I grew up in, and I was familiar with the usual patterns of air traffic.  At the estimated date of the event (mid 1997), I was past 34.  Any oddities in air traffic would be apparent to me.  Though some would say that what I saw were conventional aircraft, and I admit that they may have been - though with some strange twists - I felt I'd post this notice to benefit the doubt.  Having heard anecdotal accounts of apparent ET craft disguising themselves as conventional craft, I think thoroughness is appropriate.  Earlier in the daylight hours, I'd taken note of one or two large aircraft northbound over what I estimated to be western Richmond at unusually low altitude.  My vantage point was the vicinity of I-80 and the San Pablo Dam Road.  The aircraft resembled airliners or cargo transports...possibly C-17-like, but not grey as I recall.  It was my sense that there were more aircraft in general that day.  I e-mailed a friend in Monterey, Calif. to ask if he'd seen any strange air traffic in his area, and he said he had increased activity as well.  In the dark evening of what I recall to be the same day, from home (approx. 1 mile north of the previous vantage point and south of Hilltop Mall) I witnessed what visually appeared to be conventional airliners yet they were *absolutely silent*.  The aircraft came in a succession of three within a short period which I estimate at five minutes.  The aircraft appeared to descend from the west, and they moved eastward overhead at low altitude which I estimate at only two thousand feet.  At least one turned southward over the El Sobrante area and disappeared from view over the East Bay Hills (without a lot of clearance below).  In the many previous years I'd seen only such craft as Cessnas and helicopters in this low airspace.  Never had I seen an airliner that low that far from the airport (Oakland is the nearest for things that size).  As I mentioned above, the aircraft were silent.  I could hear the occasional car drive past the house, and I could hear the subtle distant rush of freeway traffic, yet no sound emanated from any of the aircraft which were closer than the freeway.  I was flabbergasted and listened intently as they approached and departed.  I was sure that even at low RPMs during a descent, I'd hear something, but these things were as quiet as gliders!  I also should note that they had what appeared to be navigation lights, and the night sky was quite clear.  I now live in Seattle, and air traffic southbound into Sea-Tac often merges over my part of the city.  They all make sound, some louder, some quieter, but none silent.  What I saw in Richmond still mystifies me. ((NUFORC Note:  We have received many reports of low-flying military transport a/c.  However, we do not know what the witness observed.  PD));37.9330321428571;-122.337610714286
Line across sky like a jet plane plume, but much thinner and precise.  Cigar shaped object in the middle of it.;2011-07-19 19:30:00;1 hour;Line across sky like a jet plane plume, but much thinner and precise.  Cigar shaped object in the middle of it. Around 7:20 pm I noticed a line across the sky, but it was too thin and too precise to be caused from a jet.   In the middle of the line was a thin cigar shaped object.   About an hour later (~8:30 p.m.) I went back outside and it was still there.  I went to my neighbors to show them.  We both took pictures.  Around dusk it disappeared, or perhaps the sun wasn't reflecting on it any longer.   This morning the line was still across the sky but I don't see the cigar shaped object in the middle of it.;37.9330321428571;-122.337610714286
