Oval Craft w/three white lights stationary and clearly just inside fast moving clounds. Observed for several minutes but gone when I re;2012-06-21 01:25:00;5 minutes;Oval Craft w/three white lights stationary and clearly just inside fast moving clounds. Observed for several minutes but gone when I re SF Bay Area - I stepped out on my patio at approximately 0125 hours Pacific time and was just looking around the sky since I'm up all night listening to the radio online.  I saw what I thought at first was an passenger airplane until I noticed that it was not moving AT ALL.  It was just hanging in the sky motionless. I watched it for approximately one minute to confirm it was not moving... then went inside and grabbed my bino's.  I got a clear look at a craft which had 3 bright white lights. It was an elongated oval with the 3 bright lights spaced evenly on it.  I could make out an outline of the oval as well. I watched it for several minutes with my Bino's and it remained motionless in the sky.  The best way that I can describe the lights is as if seeing an auto's headlights thru a slight fog.  This allowed me to see the outline of the object without the lights being too bright to do so. The object was dull gray in color. I was amazed at my luck so I went inside to grab my camera or video recorder but both had dead batteries. I was only inside about 30 seconds... I went back outside to see it again and this time it was gone... not a trace. No man-made aircfaft could disappear from the sky that fast. This object had been inside a slight low cloud cover which was moving briskly due to fast cold winds tonight. From where I was, the pan of the Big Dipper was behind this cloud cover and could NOT be seen through it. The cloud cover was there, and moving fast, the entire time I viewed this object... and like I said, the object was slightly inside the clouds but not deep inside because I could see it easily. After going inside for the camera the object was GONE but the clouds were still moving fast. When the cloud cover past completely I could easily see the entire Big Dipper but there was nothing else there that could have been the the craft... so I know for sure it was NOT any star. I can provide a sketch via fax if you want one.  Or I will mail the sketch since I see that you provide an address to do so.;37.9330321428571;-122.337610714286
UFO by  Richmond Chevron plant.  ((anonymous report));2018-01-02 15:00:00;3 minutes;UFO by  Richmond Chevron plant. I was driving back home from work.  I was at a red light, when suddenly, I look over the horizon, I saw an oval metallic shape UFO floating/steady over some power lines  near some train rail track and overlooking the chevron refinery.   When I realized what I was looking at, I decided to turn around to recorded on my phone but it was too late, it was gone/disappear.  But I can assure you it wasn't a drone, it didn't have any fan looking propeller or power source. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.9330321428571;-122.337610714286
