Huge cloaked UFO over Flagstaff;2000-02-01 23:30:00;4 sec;Huge cloaked UFO over Flagstaff Today I felt compelled to tell this small story of my sighting that occured in the winter of 2000.  I have not taken the opportunity to report this to any official agency only because of local redicule.  But anyway, here is my story. It was in the late evening and my wife worked the grave yard shift so my son and myself went out to start and gas up her vehicle.  As we stepped out of our apartment doorway we just happened to look off to our upper left at the sametime.  What we saw was unbelieveable.  What ever it was, it was quite huge according to my recollection.  This thing was partially cloaked.  The only way I can describe is when you would watch the Romulan spaceship on Star Trek cloak itself.  You can see almost right thru it, but at the same time you kno something is there.  This thing flew at a high rate of speed going from SE to NW with absolutely no sound at all.  Nothing. In the movie, Aliens vs Predator. There is a seen that reminded my son(now age 23) of that time.  Its the seen where the Antarctic Team is looking down the tunnel in the ice and all of a sudden the Predator spacecraft flies over head with no sound at all.  The duration of that particular seen was about the same duration as my son and I! 's encounter. I could safely say that this UFO was approxiamately a football field or two long.  As to the width. We could'nt tell only because of the angle we were at.  I felt stunned after what we saw.  I sent my boy to bed and decided that I should stay up late in case of any occurances.  I'm full blooded native american.  I have seen things that would turn alot of other folks' heads completely around.  This is one of those things that I'll remember for the rest of my life. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.1991365671642;-111.632196268657
UFO Seen Manuevering in Impossible Ways with No Apparent Reason;2001-01-01 00:00:00;6 hours;UFO Seen Manuevering in Impossible Ways with No Apparent Reason I was camping on a mountain called Wing Mountain which is WSW of the San Francisco Peaks outside of Flagstaff, Arizona.  My friend and I watched a flying object for several hours and witnessed its presence as long as five hours after initial sighting.  The object made no sound that we could hear.  We were at the top of a small mountain with a continuous, nonchanging rise to the area on the other mountain where the object was.  In other words, we were in a bowl shape that would have channeled sound very well.  The object was in the sky and about half way from the bottom of the mountains to the top.  The bottom of the mountain where the object was is also the bottom of the mountain that we were on.  It repeatedly flew in a T shape.  It would fly straight back and forth for at least 10-15 minutes and then drop at a perfect right angle down into the bottom of the T shape.  It would then resume the back and forth movement after coming back up to the plane it was moving in horizontally.  The object had a light that could best be described as an amber light resembling a street light in color.  The intensity of the light decreased significantly as you look away from the center.  The light appeared like a round ball of evenly dissipating light.  The light stayed one intensity, but would increase approximately 10 seconds before the object descended into the bottom of its T movement.  There would occasionally be a red light that seemed to be attached to a lever that was  connected to the object in the middle.  The lever would look stowed into the vehicle and normally not be visible, as there was no red light visible.  As the object came up out of the T pattern, the lever with a red light at the end would sweep 180 degrees, from horizontal at the rear of the vehicle to horizontal at the front, and disappear.  The red light appeared to swing down from out of the craft, swing in a half circle and disappear up into the front.  The angle at which the object descended in its T movement pattern was a right angle, not an arcing angle like a helicopter or balloon would follow.  Also, the amber light was bright enough to see over the forest on the mountain.  We could barely see shadows in the trees(I have 20-20 vision) moving as the object moved above the woods.  It resembled what one would see from 2 miles if a military flare to expose enemies was released, but a dark amber in color, just bright enough to see the tree shadows moving if you look slighty to one side of area being lighted up.  The light was not bright enough to easily see in the woods by looking straight at them even though our eyes were adjusted to a very dark sky.  The object never left the one spot where it was first seen.  The T shape that it moved in appeared to be approximately 100 yards or less in length across the top, and about the same distance down the vertical leg of the T shape.  It appeared to be maybe 200 yards above the forest on one end of the horizontal, and about 150 yards above towards the front.  I fell asleep and did not see the object depart unfortunately.  The T shape would be perpendicular to the mountain, meaning, as you look straight to the top of the mountain, that the object approached and then moved away, as opposed to moving back and forth relative to the top of the mountain.  I am an electrical engineer and am quite certain by the angles at which this object moved that it could not be hovering by manipulating air.  Also, I know of no aircraft that can silently move at impossibly right angles for over five hours without refueling.  Plus, this mountain is all a National Wilderness Area with no military activity that I have ever heard about.  The nearest military base is the Navajo arms depot about 20 miles away, west of Flagstaff.  I believe that everything approaches infinite mass when approaching the speed of light and that living beings cannot live long enough to travel the distances necessary at the available speeds to reach other planets.  Therefore, I am truly perplexed by this event.  I really hope this information helps us learn more.;35.1991365671642;-111.632196268657
