sali a sacar basura fuera de mi hogar para depositarla en los contenedores y al regresar a la casa observe que en el cielo habian mucha;2004-05-30 12:00:00;30 mins.;sali a sacar basura fuera de mi hogar para depositarla en los contenedores y al regresar a la casa observe que en el cielo habian muchas volitas luminosas o blancas, algunas pegadas como si fueran atomos y de algunas se fueron separando mas volitas, llegando a contar como treinta o mas, notando que empezaron a formar como triangulos, descartando la posibiladad de que fueran globos ya que no se movian tipicamente como un globo y permanecieron algunas en la misma posicion,posteriormente alcanze a videograbar algunas y estando grabandolas se fueron desvaneciendo una por una, se hace notar que el clima era de aproximadamente 80 grados f.y el cielo era completamente azul, sin ninguna nube.,si gustan analizar el video lo pongo a su disposicion.. gracias;33.510043902439;-117.659070731707
A jet black circle hovering over the hill moved up and down, disappeared behind the hill, and shot into the sky.;2013-12-17 07:30:00;3-5 minutes;A jet black circle hovering over the hill moved up and down, disappeared behind the hill, and shot into the sky. I was driving towards my high school with my father and my brother in the car.  We turned into the road, and I saw a motionless, jet-black circle (It didn't look spherical, it was a plain, black circle) in the sky just above the hills that surround my school.  It looked at first like a balloon, and did not pay much attention to it.   But as we were approaching the drive through, I thought again, and looked back at it.  I asked my brother if he saw it, but he was not paying much attention because it was early.  Neither did my father, because he was driving.  I then naturally thought to myself, Hey, could that be a UFO?.   We pulled up to the driveway, and I left the car, heading in between the buildings of my school that blocked the hills I wanted to go and take a better look at it.  My brother went to his locker. Looking between the buildings, I could still see it sitting motionless above the hill.  It may have been a trick of the eye, but I think I saw it! make small motions, moving a little up, then down left and right.  It still stayed in the general area, and it moved in these directions very slowly.  I called my friend that had just arrived to school over to take a look. I told him that there was a UFO.   He walked over not really believing me, until he got between the buildings.  His reaction: Oh, yea... What is that?  He seemed pleasantly surprised.  I then pulled my other friend who had just arrived then to see it as well.   We began talking about it, wondering what it was, and debating on whether it was a balloon or something else.  I brought up the point that balloons are not complete spheres (plus it was a circle, not a sphere, it seriously looked two dimensional)  And if it was a balloon, then how did it not reflect ANY light whatsoever?  It was the blackest black I have ever seen in my life.   As we were talking, we noticed that it slowly started to descend behind the hill.  As it disappeared, I turned my head to my friend in excitement, but then he pointed and said, Whoa! !. He told me that after I had turned my head, he saw a streak of black shoot up into the sky.;33.510043902439;-117.659070731707
