Training Missions every night  over Sacramento;2006-08-08 03:00:00;All night;Training Missions every night  over Sacramento I have never believed in this stuff in my life!!! But these craft are training over our skies every night of the week (Exept Sundays) in Sacramento CA. Up in the foothills and the Sierra Nevada range we can see them in formations of two, four, and six over the Central valley. I think it's because we are at a higher elevation. I THINK THE GOVERNMENT IS ABOUT TO MAKE THIS A WHITE WORLD PROJECT. They are operating without regard to who is watching them. I believe they are manned craft as opposed to UAV's. They look a bit like bright stars and Planets at first and tend to wobble a bit when you look at them. But watch for the red tail of light followed by a range of colors that sparkle off the craft. Usually they work in groups of 2 and can sit still for hours, only to move as quickly as 50 thousand miles per hour in a second. One night I watched as more than 8 gathered in a circle in the sky. A lone craft then dotted in and out of visibility across the sky. Each time it reappeared it did so it came back with a flash of light. Almost like a Top Gun Training flight. I don't believe that these are UFO's. These craft are US Military in their training style and seem to be guarding our coastline as well. I have never seen a beam or ray fired from any of them though. They make no noise, usually move in a circular pattern, they blink out at times and reappear in a different area within a mili second. Although they appear small, at times they can get close and appear the size of a house. It is the most interesting right at sun up. One of the lead ships stands like a beacon over the North Valley (Beale AFB?) and waits for them all to gather like children after recess. If you watch very closely, you can see the craft streak across the sky just beyond the Hue of the morning sky to this lead ship. 50 60 thousand miles an hour. What our Government has in it's secret arsenal now may be the biggest jump in tech. ever. Anti Gravity machines than can disappear and seem to time travel. It's up there,, every night. If you don't believe me,, take a look for yourself. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));38.8703;-120.8553
line of non flashing lights.;2021-05-05 04:45:00;75 seconds;line of non flashing lights. A string of non flashing lights in a straight line moving from Sacramento to the Tahoe direction. No noise, no trails, no apparent interference of digital equipment or power.;38.8703;-120.8553
