For many years since 1978 to 2004 there have been different types U.S military air craft flying over my families home and my neighbors;1993-03-01 05:30:00;20years;For many years since 1978 to 2004 there have been different types U.S military air craft flying over my families home and my neighbors homes on the Navajo Indian Reservation a small town known as Ganado which is located in Arizona. During this time my father, brother in-law and I have witness only one sighting of a strange shape air craft along with five bright lights blinks in the evening sky in March 31, 1992.  About 5:30pm on March 31, 1992 As we were traveling west on state high way 264 passing a small Hopi village heading to Tuba City, Arizona my brother in-law saw  five strange lights blinking in the evening sky other vehicles in front and back witness this strange lights from the evening sky. There were two vehicles in front of us that pulled over aside the road to look at the strange lights the other three vehicles behind us pulled over aside to watch this light from the sky. The three of us kept driving west to Tuba City and suddenly the lights disappear into the evening sky.  There have also been different types military cargo planes flying at low altitude in the dead of night. During this time my family and neighbors have watch these strange these air craft flying below a military cargo plane in the dead of night sometimes if we’re lucky enough we would see these strange air craft flying below a cargo plane on a full moon. For many years we watch the us government test the Northrop Grumman switchblade aircraft and other classified air craft flying over our homes on the Indian reservation. So basically we’ve watch these aircraft come to life but the weird thing is that we don’t see these strange air craft flying any more on the Indian Reservation no more low altitude fly by’s, all the strange air craft we don’t see any more.;35.7109;-109.536
Boomerage shaped object flying low and quiet.;2011-10-05 21:00:00;4 mins;Boomerage shaped object flying low and quiet. My 19-yr old daughter and I were headed west on 264 through Ganado when I looked up and noticed an object flying at street-light level passing across/above the roadway in a southwest to northeast direction that we were on.  The large object had a boomerang shape with one light on one end, a light on the other end, and one light in the middle.  My daughter and I both were surprised by what we were seeing and told her to roll her window down and look out the window.  She heard a humming sound.  Nothing like a helicopter or plane sound.  It moved above us real slow and low.  We continued to watch it until it was out of sight.  We both got chills up our back and didn't know what it was.  We kept trying to look for it while we continued to make our way home but never saw the lights or the object again.;35.7109;-109.536
