Silent Matt black triangle craft seen alongside my car then disapears across dry lake at speeds in excess of 10,000 mph;2012-01-26 11:30:00;2-3 seconds;Silent Matt black triangle craft seen alongside my car then disapears across dry lake at speeds in excess of 10,000 mph I was traveling north on the 395 highway south of  Lone Pine.  To my right was the Salt Lake. The highway travels parallel to the dry lakebed.  I estimated the highway was about 20 yards above the bottom of the lake.   I had my cruise control set to 74mph. No radio, no other vehicles around.   A craft triangular in shape flew up alongside my car. It was approximately 75 feet from my vehicle.  Slow close I could see the texture of the paint.  It was triangular in shape, not unlike what a jet might look like, but triangular because there were no ‘wings’ on the craft but instead it was triangular in shape.  The paint was matt-black.  And the dome on the craft was yellowish and opaque. I noticed out my peripheral eye line that something was there.  I turned to look at it. The craft was perfectly visible out the passenger side window.  I estimated the length to be about 1.5 car lengths.  Maybe 15 long.  And the flying height to be at the same altitude off the lakebed as the highway was for it to be visible out my passenger window, maybe 60 -75 feet above the lakebed. As soon as I looked at it, it banked at a 45-60 degree angle and disappeared into a pinpoint as it reached the opposite side of the lake. I estimated and later confirmed the width of the lake to be 8-10 miles.  It took approximately 1.5 seconds for the craft to become a tiny dot on the other side of the lake.  Based on my math.  It appears that the craft flew at speeds in excess of 10,000 mph.  It made no sound whatsoever.  And seemed to fly around a corner in the lake as it disappeared.   It appeared to have a sort of anti-gravity component, as it came up to the car and then turned the way it did and was able to travel at such high speeds and so close to the bottom of the lake. I thought it must be military.  But as I have relayed the info. to some people I know including commercial pilots, the fact that it was completely silent makes one wonder. I was headed to Mammoth mountain to ski for a few days with my brother.  I am 47 years old, a mother of three and I live in Malibu California.;36.5787;-118.0624
