I was coming home from work and looked out to the left of my car and saw a blue haze.... out on the Owens lake..... it covered approxim;1999-06-15 23:00:00;unknown;I was coming home from work and looked out to the left of my car and saw a blue haze.... out on the Owens lake..... it covered approximately about a mile... like a fog..... only it was the color blue.... no where else.....just one spot.. that is all I saw and have never seen it since... although whenever I drive the highway late at night I always look for this haze again, but have yet to see it… ((NUFORC Note:  One of four reports from the same witness for sightings in the Cartago/Lonepine area of CA.  We do not know what the person has witnessed.  Dates for all four sightings appear to be approximate.  PD));36.5787;-118.0624
UFO Battle;2004-02-07 02:00:00;30 hours;UFO Battle Many many white light type craft with occassional blinking multicolored red-blue-green lights came into and passed through the area. Missels of some sort were fired from the air to the ground and from air to air. There were both larger and small lights - the brightest lights being from what appeared to be mother type crafts with smaller lights darting in and around the larger crafts.Very little sound, although there was the usual hum, which was louder with the large number of crafts. Some sort of chemical agent was being sprayed/detonated in the niegborhood - eastern sierra high desert wilderness mostly -stank for most of two days, forcing me into town. ((NUFORC Note:  Source elects to remain totally anonymous.  We suspect this may not be a serious report.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM TO ORIGINAL MESSAGE)) This is an update to the original meaasage regarding this event. It now appears that the craft seen were US Navy Airfoce in a large scale manuver. ((END));36.5787;-118.0624
Encounter with et and being chased for 60 miles.;2012-11-07 19:30:00;hours;encounter with et and being chased for 60 miles returning home south bound on hwy 395 at around 19:20 hrs i noticed that on Mt Whitney there was a bright white light were there should not have been one, taking the next exist i follow a trail to a location that offered a view of the mountains and the area in front of the mountains, and from there i observed many light both on the mountains and from there base to the highway for 6 hours!  I also was able to photograph some of the lights which although having a full moon helped long shutter opening, were needed.   The light first light on mt whitney had disappeared when a few minutes later reappear with a second light and both light moved about the mountain until they reached the base, where they continued out onto the plain in front of the mountain for a few minutes then blink they were  gone.   This activity continued thru out the night, with one exception, a light appeared at the base of a small hill located to my left i watched as this ligh! t slowly moved toward hwy 395 then stopped and went off!  I wanted a closer look and moved without lights toward the small hill thinking a trail could be found that would lead me toward the mountain, but i only found a large field which confused me because my view had changed so back to old location was necessary, i was about to move on when i noticed that a light was moving towards my location from the hill slo wly using the trees and brush to hide its movement when it reached the last bush it bent over and rested on one knee then turned toward me.   This is what i saw the form was wearing a suit or something like that, light in color no other detail was viewed, a helmet was covering the head and was dark but for a copper like color coming from the inside view lens, I tried to use my glasses to see better but the form was not visable until i removed them, at this point my concern for my safety over came my interest to remain any longer so i left or tried to leave but was un! able to locate the exist which i had used to get into the fiel! d, stopp ed from going further i left my vehicle on foot to find the exist it took a few minutes but i found the track i needed getting back on to the trail there was a red blinking light to my right at first i did not notice but once i started to move so did the light when i stopped it did too i tried to creep slowly but this light maintained a safe distance from my vehicle. I finally got the camera out (Nikon D 3000 SLR) and started to shoot these light, there was a full moon that night but long shutter opening was necessary shooting the lights on the mountain was not good but taking the pictures of the red lights came out much better, I am not saying what i saw  i would rather hear what other see, but when i saw the first image on my camera i new it was time to get out of there quickly and that is just what i did! Once i was back on hwy 395 and just passed lone pine something i had not consider happened that red blinking light was now following me this i know because it appeared j! ust to my right and in front of my vehicle using the frontage road, my speed at the time was about 75 mph the light had no trouble keeping up nor did have trouble passing thru a second story building next to a railroad crossing pacing me for the next 60 miles until i stopped near red rock state park and could no loner see the light!;36.5787;-118.0624
