Circular object with pulsing light seen over Stewart Air National Gaurd base in Newburgh New York.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus sighting.));2005-11-14 17:30:00;1 hour;Circular object with pulsing light seen over Stewart Air National Gaurd base in Newburgh New York At approximately 17:30 my wife and I spoted a very bright object in the sky on our way home from work. At first I thought of discounting it as just a bright planet in the sky, but the brightness of the object was much brighter than any planet could have been. The object was so bright that it gave of a white aura perhaps haze in the atmosphere. We were in the car when we spotted it.  The object appeared to be located over a nearby national gaurd base -- Stewart Air National Gaurd base in Newburgh, New York. It was in the south western sky about 30 degrees above the horizon line.  As soon as we got out of the car we rushed to see the object. At this point we could verify it was a UFO. It was seemingly stationary like a planet or star would be, but when standing still and comparing it to a stationary object (tree -- there was no wind) it verifiably moved ever so slightly. We got a telescope and further verified the object. We could also verify its movement -- not that of a normal star, plane helicopter or balloon. It moved left to right and differed in distance at times.  The object was circular with three quadrents. It appeared to morph in shape as we looked at it. The object was white through the telescope and had a dark center to it at times, sort of like a donut. The three quadrents pulsed with different color lights to the naked eye and through the telescope. The three quadrents gave it a trianular shape to the naked eye, but in the telescope the object appeared spherical. The object also had a forcefield like quality to it. the white light would shimmer and shift like plasma or some form of energetic matter.  At one point there were other lights, which some of us thought were planes circling around the object. At another point a verifiable plane flew directly in front of the object -- keep in mind this was in close proximity, if not over an air base.  The object was in the sky for about an hour from the initial time we spotted it. Then after being in aproximately the same proximity for about an hour, flew off out of telescopic and naked eye range.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus sighting??  Venus is in the southwest sky at this time of night, currently.  PD));41.5976999999999;-73.8895000000002
UFO.  ((NUFORC Note:  Star??  PD));2015-03-18 20:00:00;Several hours;UFO Bright light over the Hudson.  My third time observing it as it stays up in the sky for several hours, and then drifts dolly over mountains.  I've seen it change color as it moves behind mountains.   I live directly across Orange County and have a River view. Still there as I speak. ((NUFORC Note:  Star??  PD));41.5976999999999;-73.8895000000002
