Extremely bright light making unremarkable maneuvers over a tree line.;1989-06-15 21:00:00;5 minutes;Extremely bright light making unremarkable maneuvers over a tree line. Date SUMMER SIGHTING  1.	  PRIOR TO SIGHTING  We were 3 girls at about 6 grade age walking my hometown road going back home from our friends home who was one of the three of us who saw the bright object in the sky which was about 9 at night.  It was already dark outside. A.	The Sighting. i.	  We arrived to a T in the road where we would be turning left to go down a hill to my house but just before having to turn all three of us saw a extremely bright light up over the tree skyline that caught our eye. We stopped and observed it as the spherical bright light appeared to be coming toward our direction instead of flying away from us.  At first I thought it may have been the house down the road if you were to turn right at the T and their bright yard light that was maybe directed more up than towards their driveway, but when the bright object started to get closer, brighter, and bigger (approximate 2 to 5  hovering over the tree line)  I knew this wasn’t their spot light.  2.	MANEUVERS OF THE FLYING OBJECT.  When we realized this object was something of interest due to the brightness and low flight altitude we continued to watch it.  We became increasingly nervous because we realized that there wasn’t any sound that we should be hearing if it was a helicopter or low flying plane, and that it appeared to continue to be flying in our direction.  As it flew over the tree line that was about 1 to 2 miles away and approximating it another few miles up and away from us it was more clear and it was a bright round sphere but the light was so bright it could have been square but my observation I saw it as a sphere in the sky. The object suddenly hovered down at a 90 degree into the tree line to where we lost sight of it. It took maybe 2 seconds for it to hover down. Then about 1 or 2 seconds after that it hovered back to its original position over the tree line. It then started to fly a little faster toward our direction. (The speed was not fast but a slow smooth transition in movement). I! t again made an up and down movement describing it as a touch and go (like the Navy fighters do when practicing. I was a Naval  Photographer eye witnessing  these often and I held a secret clearance later on in my 20s . ) It again began getting closer and that’s when we began to run from fear and ran about half a mile to my house . We ran into the house immediately telling  my mother about the encounter.;41.5976999999999;-73.8895000000002
