Triangle shaped with red, blue, white, lights on corners. Making right turns.;1977-08-08 21:00:00;three min;Triangle shaped with red, blue, white, lights on corners. Making right turns. My sister, a male friend and I were going down a dirt road near interstate 11 in Jefferson, Ohio in August of 1977. I know it was 1977 because my son was a three months old, and was also in the car. I was looking up at the sky and saw an object that was making right turns and I thought that planes cannot do that. After watching it for a minute, I told my sister to stop the car and we got out. The thing pivoted back and flew right over us. It was not very high in the sky and it had flashing red, blue, and white lights on the corners. It was triangle shaped. We could see a slow moving propeller on the bottom. We could hear a slight hum. It kept zigzagging and headed east. There was a moon that night and we saw it clear as day. I never reported it until I ran across this website and saw a picture if it. I still dream about it thirty years later. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.7295;-80.7493
Three lights,possibly single or part of object hovered over treeline changing color,and shape.;1985-10-01 21:30:00;1 hour;Three lights,possibly single or part of object hovered over treeline changing color,and shape. I was in my early teens.My mother,father,and I noticed a strange set of lights over the treetops across the road.We lived in the country where there was alot of open area.These lights formed a triangle and were pulsing and changing shape and color.Living near the county airport we called to see if there were any aircraft in the area.After they told us none then we called the sheriffs department.They sent someone to investigate and he saw the object/objects as we had.He had not ever seen anything of this sort either.He drove to investigate and as he approached the area where the object was hovering it rose up and shot to the north at a very rapid pace.We all agreed that we had never seen anything of this sort before and probably would never again.This occured in about 1hrs. time. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.7295;-80.7493
