Bright Green light, square shape;2007-11-18 18:15:00;15 sec;Bright Green light, square shape While driving home from VA, across NC on route 64 heading west. The night was clear, no clouds. I was driving. In conversation with my husband, I looked over at him and saw through the window, what appeared to be a falling star, I told him to look and make a wish. It then got very large, very quickly, as it apeared to move out of the open sky and through the trees off to our left. In the decent thhe object turned bright green and was square in shape, we watched it decend (We were going 65 miles per hour) off to our left into the farm country.  It was a quick but profound experience that has left us wondering what on earth it was!!!!;35.7696999999999;-79.1769999999998
Silent craft with Red, White, and Blue lights seen over Pittsboro, NC on March, 16 2010;2010-03-16 23:00:00;5 minutes;Silent craft with Red, White, and Blue lights seen over Pittsboro, NC on March, 16 2010 I was sitting in a chair in front of my desk while talking on my cell phone to my father.  I was looking out my two rear bedroom windows into the dark when I noticed some very odd lights out in the woods above a house on the other side of our neighborhood pond.  It was very dark but you could still see the dark outlines of the pine trees in the woods and the lights from the neighboring houses.  The flying lights reminded me of a police car’s lights and I thought I was catching a reflection in the window glass from the room behind me.  My son’s bedroom was directly behind me and a police officer lives up a road right in front of my house.  The mail box the police officer uses is also right across the road from my house.  The lights were almost standing still and then moved very slowly to the left.  I wondered what the police car was up to so I turned around to see out windows in the front of the house.  That’s when I was shocked by the fact that my bedroom do! or was closed and that what I was looking at was not a reflection.  I stood up and put my face and hands to the glass to block all reflections from other lights in my room and I saw clearly a large set of lights in a very strange configuration moving very slowly to the left over my neighbors house. There were three colors of lights.   The largest lights were a pair of rectangular almost square lights.  The light on the right was bright blue and the light connected to it on the left was bright white.  Both of these lights were very bright and the shape was very clear.  Two small red lights were above these lights, one on the left and one on the right.  One small red light was in the center on the bottom.  The whole thing looked like a mixed up set of tail lights on the rear end of a car.  I was talking to my father the whole time and he said that I was starting to worry him.  I described what I saw to him and he said go outside to see if I could hear anything.  I went out my! back door onto my porch and stood on my picnic table.  I coul! d still see the objects lights very clearly.  The set of lights moved slowly, there was absolutely no noise.  I continued to talk to my father and I was getting very excited.  I knew that what I was seeing had to be something very odd maybe a UFO.  I was convinced of this by the slow speed, the distinct shape of lights, the brightness of the lights, and the dead silence.  The lights then moved on to the left behind a larger set of pine trees.  When I moved my head back and forth I could still catch glimpses of it.  The lights then started to come back to the right and then the moved back to the left even further until I could not see it at all.  While I was standing on my picnic table talking to my father after the lights vanished, I saw the small white lights of an airplane way up in the sky.  The light was minute compared to what I had just seen in the woods.  I listened and I could hear the airplanes engines.  That made me sure I had seen a flying craft that made absolutely no no! ise.;35.7696999999999;-79.1769999999998
