I just want to start off by saying that I have never thought that this would happen to me!!! I was home with my mother and my daughter,;2017-03-26 01:00:00;2 hours;I just want to start off by saying that I have never thought that this would happen to me!!!   I was home with my mother and my daughter, everything was fine, until my mother and I went outside to take the dog out and heard something in the woods.  I live in a very wooded area but it's right off of a main highway.  We both heard something that sounded like 2-3 deer running but in the area that the sound came from has a very large fenced area so I don't see how this is possible....  Afterwards we both just thought that we must had misjudged the position of the sound and laughed it off.   Well my front porch has more light then the back so being that we don't smoke in the house and after hearing what we both heard we had gone to the front porch to have a smoke. We both had sat down on the front porch and we love looking at the stars, and we both had seen the same thing...  To the left of the tree line there was a very bright 3 sided shape in the sky???  It was bright enough that I had gotten up and turned the front porch light off so we could see it better.   A few minutes passed and the object then started to move very slowly, we both had thought that this was just our eyes playing tricks on us, but then it started to get brighter and moved in a way the NO plane I have ever seen moved!!!!.  We both continued to watch this object in the sky for over 30 minutes.  I actually got my phone out to record the thing and it wasn't there!!!!   At this time I'm starting to feel stupid or crazy and them my mother grabs my hand and says look up I looked up and I can not even began to explain the fear!!!!  There were 3 of the same size objects over the front of my house!!!!  Now they were not close enough to us that I felt like we were under attack but they were still there, and the original object was still not in sight.  At this point I'm getting ready to put my mother and my daughter in the car and go anywhere but here!!!!!   My mother stopped me from going in the house and points to the spot were the first object had appeared, and there it was!!!!  Now there are 4 objects in the sky and I can believe what I'm seeing, we both watched the sky for over 2-3 hours and the objects got brighter and moved and then would just disappear, but the first object was the only one that moved in such a way that I still can't believe!!!!  I have watched the x files loved the show, but this is the craziest thing I have ever seen!!!!  I went outside tonight just to look and there is nothing in the sky were I had seen the first object and it just doesn't make sense!!!!  I don't what to sound crazy but damn!!!!!  I hope that someone else out there has seen this, too.;35.7696999999999;-79.1769999999998
