UFO observation.;1993-06-01 23:00:00;5 minutes;UFO Observation. Preface:  My Father was a career aeronautical engineer, specializing in the design of aircraft power plants, having worked for Curtis during WWII (P40 Fighter), Piasecki (H21 Helicopter), and Boeing Vertol (All Models of the Helicopter Division). As a youth, much of our family talk and day trips were about aircraft and air shows.  As an adult, I lived near Fairchild AFB (Spokane WA) and am familiar with the sights and sounds of low and high flying B52 bombers & C130 tankers.  I now live near Davis Monthan AFB (Tucson), and am familiar with the sights and sounds of various low and high flying military Fighter Aircraft.  UFO Observation/Summer of 1993:  After arriving well after dark at a beach front hotel in Ocean Shores, WA, a former girlfriend and I walked onto the deserted beach and down to the water's edge.  After a few minutes of enjoying the sounds of the mild surf in the dark moonless, cloudless, yet starlit, evening, we started to walk back to the motel room.  For whatever reason, I glanced directly upward to look at the stars of the night sky.  What I observed did not look familiar.  I stopped in my tracks and alerted my girlfriend, Look up! Do you see what I see?  Yes, I see it! she said. We then stood silent, as we observed what I can only describe as a very large shimmering geometric shaped cluster of many white lights silently move from directly overhead, traveling slowly in a straight Inland direction, until out of sight, backdropped by the starlit night sky.  I can only project its size as very large, as if I were to extend both arms and index fingers overhead to an approx. 30 angle from where I stood.  Both index fingers would have indicated the location of the left and right edges of the UFO. We heard no aircraft engine noise during the sighting.  Only the light surf noise could be heard. Having no camera or phone, I ran to the nearest phone booth and called 911.  I asked the 911 Operator if anyone had reported a UFO sighting over Ocean Shores within the past hour.  No was the response.  So much for a mass UFO sighting. This experience is my only UFO sighting, and to this day, I do not know what I observed in that Ocean Shores night sky.;46.9718;-124.157
