Stealth looking glider hung 20 feet over our house for a minute or so;1976-08-15 19:00:00;not sure, at least 5 minu;Stealth looking glider hung 20 feet over our house for a minute or so When I was 10 years old, I and some other members of my family were living just North of Santa Barbara California near Vandenberg A.F.B. Late one afternoon I looked into the western sky and became aware of an aircraft that looked just like a glider - cigar shaped with long narrow wings, a vertical tail fin, ailerons, and a white blinking light at the bottom of it which was flying across the top of a western mountain range. Suddenly it quickly moved South over, and probably beyond Santa Barbara (about 45 mile South) in a matter of seconds. We all became intrigued as we watched it further. It turned East, looped around and began coming closer to the ground and heading straight for us. After a few seconds I remember watching this craft floating about 25 feet off the ground right between our house and the neighbors in a large subdivision. It was painted black - like the stealth craft of today. It was so close we could have thrown a stone at it, but it made no sound at all - it was completely defying gravity. It was also dark out by that time - which now doesn't make much sense. The sun doesn't set that fast from the time we first saw it. It seemed to know we were looking at it and picked us out. I looked up and saw a pilot who was dressed all in black and wearing a black helmet. There was an orangish-pinkish glow that seemed to come from the instrument gauges and was glinting off of his helmet and gloves. He looked over at us, then looked back down at his gauges, then turned to wave to us as the craft started to slowly move away gaining speed as it moved. I never discussed it with anyone in the family until recently. Nobody else in my family remembers this event except my little sister who was 8 at the time. I was 10. I remember more of us in the back yard though, so I'm not sure why they don't remember. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));34.6209;-120.1922
Two dots of light connected by a beam and then a spiral and cone-shaped object.  ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 18:00:00;5 minutes;Two dots of light connected by a beam and then a spiral and cone-shaped object ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD)) On Saturday, Nov. 7th 2015, at approximately 6 pm, my husband and I were driving south on the CA.101 freeway. When we were between the 246 and the 1 highways, we noticed two illuminated “dots”	 in the sky that seemed to be joined by a beam of light, while we were looking through the windshield on the drivers side. This beam looked similar to a helicopter's search light, but was more narrow and did not reach the ground. A larger “dot” was above a smaller one and it was a glowing white. The smaller dot below it, was slightly to the left (east) of the larger one, and was blinking. My husband saw it as glowing red and I saw it as white. There was a beam of light between them that looked like either the upper dot was sending the beam to the lower one, or visa versa. We began to comment on what we had seen and then noticed that the beam was gone (we did not see it disappear) and that the lower, smaller dot was moving away, slowly, to the east. After a couple of seconds I leaned forward to look through the windshield on my side, the passenger side, and saw that there was a spiral in the sky. (I didn't see it form). My husband looked through the windshield on my side of the car and saw it too, and pulled over beside the freeway got out of the car and stood at the rear of the car, on the passengers side I stayed inside and looked through the window. The sky was dark and the spiral looked like clouds or fog that were in a round pattern with a small dark hole in the center, similar to what a satellite photo of a hurricane looks like on the TV weather news. It quickly elongated, moving to the west, towards the ocean. As it expanded I saw a blue stream of light in the center of the “cloud”.  The cloud became cone shaped in the front and continued moving away from us, westward. After several seconds the formation seemed to end and the cloud dissipated, although the blue streak stayed suspended in the air for several minutes. We continued to look to the west, in the direction that the cone-cloud had been traveling and I could see a faint plume that appeared to be going straight up, far in the distance. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));34.6209;-120.1922
