Strange lights seen over Ware, MA, skies.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Venus??  PD));2007-12-05 03:45:00;3 hours;Strange lights seen over Ware,Ma skies Around 3:45 am I was going to my car in the hospital parking lot to get some items........when I looked up in the sky and saw what appeared to be a brightly lit star.  However, the star kept changing color and position. I then ran into the hospital where I work and asked some of my coworkers who work the ER with me to step outside to see if they could tell me what it was I was looking at. They all joked and made fun of me till they went outside themselves and saw what was believed at first to be a star......however it changed colors from red, to orange, to blue then solid white.....it also just hovered and would hover from lett to right. One of the nurses I work with was frightened by the whole thing she ran back inside and got the nursing supervisor who at first was cracking jokes about it and then changed his tune when he spotted others similar to the one we had been watching there were 8 in total. We reported this to the local news........WWLP and the local Ware police to which they just laughed and did nothing about it........before the night was over all of the hospital staff was outside looking at this anomoly with no good explanation as to what it was we were observing. We did take some pics and were able to get some video of the lights in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Venus??  PD));42.2626;-72.2601
Bright white light in circle shape over ware mass.;2013-11-24 20:00:00;30 minutes;Bright white light in circle shape over ware mass. We saw one bright light it did not move for thirty min. Then it disappeared we took video and the camera saw what we saw.   When we took camera pictures the camera saw more then what we saw with the naked eye many lights we can not explain that looked really creepy.   We used an I phone to capture our shots.   I've seen this thing two other times with in a three month span.;42.2626;-72.2601
