The object was directly over my car ,sitting still in the air and shining two white beams of light down on me.;2004-05-21 00:00:00;1 hour &51 minutes;The object was directly over my car ,sitting still in the air and shining two white beams of light down on me. I was driving home just outside of the city on Lawrenceburg Rd.when I spotted a very big, very bright white light above the trees on top of the hill. It was sitting still and as I went around a curve I lost sight of it untill I came out of the curve on the other side. The object started to move slowly, then as it was going over my car it picked up speed and disappeared in a matter of seconds.I then turned off Lawrenceburg Rd. onto Brooks and started up the hill, as I came around the curve at the top of the hill a boomerang shaped object was sitting in the sky directly over my car shining two white lights down on me. It had red, blue and white lights all along the boomerang shape, some of them blinking and some not. It was big, I`m not sure how high but it was low enough for me to see that it was huge and what it looked like. I was very scared but it just sat ther and shined it`s lights on me untill I went under it and then I couldn`t see it anymore. I continued on and lost sight of it behind my car but as I turned right on Barth Rd. I saw two of the bright white objects, one on my left and the other coming around behind it. I stopped my car, got out and called my brother on my cell phone and told him what I was seeing. The objects started coming in closer so I got back into my car and drove to my house. They followed me. They then went over me again and went over the trees back toward Lawrenceburg Rd. but I could see them all the time except when they went behind a tree. They started going in a big circle from my house to Lawrenceburg Rd. back around to here continuing to circle slowly, at times speeding up and other times completely stopping, but continuing on in the same pattern for an about an hour, then they started to go in a bigger circle and I would lose sight of them but they allways came back around only getting closer to the house, going in bigger and bigger circles. Then one of them came around and it had a lot more lights and almost looked box shaped , going slowly and a litt! le lower than they had been before,it also had different shaped lights on the side almost like a quarter moon shape and they were white. It made the same circle and went out of sight. When they came back around, they started to get higher in the sky and then one stopped straight up from my house and the other was to the left of my house at about the same height. They just sat there for about 10 minutes and disappeared. It was overcast and cloudy, no stars or moon. It started to clear up a little and I could see some stars about 2:37 AM and then at 2:39 AM they just were gone.It was very quiet while this was happening, no dogs barking, hardly any noise at all.Occasionally I could hear sound from one but it was a muted hum not very loud and other times I heard nothing. At 2:56 I spotted one back over my house very high up, it stayed there for another 10 minutes and was just gone. It is now 3:58 and have not seen one since 3:06 AM.;39.2638999999999;-84.7816999999997
