The Weirdest Thing I Have Ever Seen;1997-09-27 23:00:00;30 minutes;The Weirdest Thing I Have Ever Seen This took place I am sure back in 1997. How do I know, both of my children were still in school. It happened one night in late September (date is approximate ) after 10:30 pm. The kids had gone to bed and the evening news was over. I can't get this sighting out of my head and since we did not have the internet at that time, I am reporting it now. My husband and I got into the habit of going out after the news to watch the sky. He had studied some astronomy in college and we both liked looking at the stars. The kids had gone to bed so, we went out to the back yard (away from the street lights) to watch the stars. We were looking to the west and about 20 to 25 degrees off the horizon, I noticed a light blue very bright light. It was about the size of a pencil eraser held at arm's length. I pointed it out to him since it was so different from the stars we were observing. We watched it for about 10 to 15 minutes. It just sat there, no movement. I got cold as the night was chilly and decided to go in and get a coat, I wanted to get the binoculars also. I came out with the bincoulars and looked at the object. It was still in the same place. As I watched a red light appeared on the left side (as you are facing it) and watched. About a minute or two later, the red light went over the top of the blue object (kind or like rolling over the top of it) and was now, on the right side. I watched it for about a minute or two when suddenly, the red light shot off the blue object and came toward us.(This would have been to the east ) I trained the binoculars on it and what I saw scared the hell out of me. It was sort of delta wing shaped with an extension to the front. It was bright red and moving at an incredible rate of speed. This thing was fast! I quickly handed the binoculars to my husband who was in shock to say the least. He handed them back in time for me to see it arc toward the north. I swear but, am not sure now that I saw windows under the extension part. I couldn't tell you for sure as it moved so fast and to tell you the truth, I was so scared... I went into the house as soon as it was lost behind the trees. My husband wanted to stay out and see what happened but, I was so affraid that I was crying and begging him to come in. When we got in I asked him to draw what he saw and I would do the same. He did and I did and it came out VERY similar. I am sorry now that I was such a coward, now, and did not stay to see what happened. This was many years ago but, it has stayed in my mind. I just want to know if anyone else has ever seen anything like this or if anyone knows what it was. I am familiar with aircraft and this was nothing like I have ever seen before.;43.9893;-96.6476
