Disc hoovers over train and seems to x-ray it.;1976-10-12 23:00:00;5 minutes;Disc hoovers over train and seems to x-ray it. My girlfriend and I were out parking in the country east of town when she began to freak out and told me to look out the window.  When I looked,  I saw an object hoovering over a train as it was passing by.  The object had 6 or 8 green and blue lights that alternated in a circular pattern on the bottom of the craft.  As we watched the,  the object projected a very blue-white beam of light on to the passing train cars,  it lite up the train as if it were daylight.  By this time,  my girlfriend was really freaking out and asking me to drive away,  I was so amazed all I could do was just stare untill she began hitting me in the arm and telling me to drive.  I drove slowly towards the main road while watching this craft,  my girlfriend screaming at me to drive fast but I was in disbelief.  As we got to the asphalt I turned on my headlights,  I think thats when the object realized we were there.  The beam of light shut off and the object tracked us parallel back to the edge of town,  as we entered town,  the craft stopped suddenly and streaked to the N.E. at a very steep angle and at a speed no man-made aircrat could achieve. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.4186;-96.1844
My eyes pictured a small white line floating across the sky there was another similar silverline a short distance away.;2014-08-11 09:19:00;30 minutes;Yesterday, my family and I were driving on 35 south towards Wichita , KS.  The view was scenic with flat green fields, my son asked me to take pictures of the view off the scenic horizon.   Suddenly, my eyes pictured a small white line floating across the sky.  Within a blink, there was another similar silverline a short distance away but at the same level, floating across the sky. Initially,  I thought this could be a contail of a fighter jet.  But It did not change its appearance and did not vanish through the clouds.  I checked with Google maps and we were in Emporia, Kansas, at that time.  Location came up on google as 38.393, -96.254 at 9:19:28 pm Eastern time. I zoomed at the picture to have a close inspection, and it appeared to be a disk shaped small silver line object floating with a dome flattened on the sides.  I wondered,  was it a celestial body?;38.4186;-96.1844
