three different lights moving slowly about the size of average stars the first one dissappeared and then at the same time three or four;1998-02-06 19:00:00;15 sec;three different lights moving slowly about the size of average stars the first one dissappeared and then at the same time three or four airplanes were circling the area possibly watching.  and then five mins later two more lights one following the other were moveing the same dir and dissapeared after 15 secs I was watching trains at the Emporia depot at around 7pm sometime in early Feb 98.  Sometimes when i'm waiting for a train and its dark out i look at the sky hoping to get a glimpse of a ufo.  I was wathcing for 15 mins and then noticed a light that looked like a star moving northeast and i was looking southeast .  I also noticed an airplane circling the sky in that area it went east and coming from the south was another airplane with another plane beside it circling.  i lost track of the moving light while watch theplanes. about 3-5 mins later after the planes were out of site looking south i seen 2 more lights one foollowing the first moving norteast.  this time i wasn't going to loose sigth of them.  but watching them for about 15 secs and they just went out or dissapeared.  the lights looked like moving stars except stars don't move like that.;38.4186;-96.1844
Ball of extremely bright light started just above the moon and moved across the sky right above me.;2014-08-03 21:45:00;2 minutes;ball of extremely bright light started just above the moon and moved across the sky right above me I was taking my dog out like I normally do around that time, when I noticed a very bright like what I originally thought was a star just above the moon, I began looking at other stars and noticed this one was much brighter.  That's when it began to move what looked like higher into the sky then I watched it fly across the skymuch faster than a plane would have but not so fast that I couldn't watch it, it was a solid ball of bright light and I watched it until it disappeared and I could no longer see it, just before it disappeared a plane crossed right behind it flashing red then white like they normally do, and that's when I realized that ball of light was much larger than the plane was, then the light faded away in the distance;38.4186;-96.1844
