Multiple orange lights moving, forming and disappearing over the Ohio side of the Ohio River.;2015-10-20 21:00:00;20-30 seconds;Multiple orange lights moving, forming, and disappearing over the Ohio side of the Ohio River My wife and I were stopped at a stop light in downtown Maysville, Kentucky, on our way to our friends' house.  We're very familiar with the area and we both noticed a large glowing orange light moving slowly across the sky across the Ohio River.  (No flickering, no additional blinking aircraft lights, etc)  The light was moving in a west to east direction parallel to the Ohio River.   I wasn't going to mention it to my wife, until she yelled out What the hell is that light moving?  At this point we were both very aware that something was strange was in the sky and paying attention to it as much as possible. As we left the stop light and headed west into downtown, we noticed there were now two of the same large lights next to each other.  One noticeably moving and one stationary above the bluffs on the Ohio side of the river. As we passed by a building to another opening there were then 3 lights, all stationary in a triangle formation. We passed by another building in downtown and there were the 3 lights in a triangle formation, and now 4 additional lights of the same brightness and hue in a separate rectangle formation. (I am sending reproductions and diagrams to the email to demonstrate as best as I can remember the lay out of all lights)  We turned to enter the Simon Kenton Bridge to cross the river into Ohio and all the lights were completely gone from the sky with no trace. My wife and I were blown away by what we saw, honestly. When we got to our friends house we had to have the  We've been friends for a long time, so you have to believe what I'm about to tell you... speech. We've done research off an on since we saw the lights that night, finally finding this website.  Once we saw there were similar sightings in the Ohio-Tucky area, with multiple balls of orange light in the sky, we knew we needed to report it to here as well. My wife and I are small business owners operating a print and sign business in Maysville.  To date this is the only time we've ever witnessed something we couldn't quite understand or explain reasonably. If you need to contact me for any further details feel free to do so. Thank you for your website and services, ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.6248;-83.807
