Objects were too bright and their aerodynamics were out a place;2007-09-13 21:30:00;30 minutes;Objects were too bright and their aerodynamics were out a place This is a report on the mutiple objects that my 19 year old son and myself viewed. When objects were first noticed we were standing in my son's girlfriend's yard. As I have a habit of viewing the night time sky as was admiring the stars when I first noticed these bright illuminous objects seemed out of place. I first called out to my son Jeremy with excitement. Time was 21:30 and the night shy was crystal clear. Being an amatuer astronomer and know aerodynamics I knew this was no ordinary phenomena. We watched these objects go on and off. At first I thought they were flares but they changed there position to quickly. We continued to observe these objects as we got in our car and headed on KY HWY 9 going east 9 miles from Maysville KY. Color of objects were bright orange and continued to be pulsating on and off. They were a total of four to five objects as the would go side to side with lights going on and off. I mentioned to my son that these objects were similar in nature to the Phoenix lights. We are in the path of Greater Cincinnati Airport as I also could see Commercial Airlines in the distance sky.  This lasted for 30 minutes tell objects just dissapperaed.;38.6248;-83.807
strange lights over maysville ky;2007-10-21 01:00:00;1 month;strange lights over maysville ky me an 2 other of my friends say a light that just appeared out of no ware then another one then they start moving in like a search you know like they were looking for something the 10 mins later 2 more appear and they started change colors form yellowist white to redist they were in the sky for a hour then they took off realy fast an we felt a gust of wind.i tryed to video record em with my cell but i didnt seem to work. could it had mess with my phone? since then there been a bigger {2x the size of the orthers} hang around our town i even reported it to the police and they asked me if i was on drug but just last week other poeple started reporting it. we dont have and clues to what its is and niether does the cops;38.6248;-83.807
