Unidentified Very Bright Flying Object with Red, White, and Blue Flashing Lights  ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a star.  PD));2008-09-25 21:00:00;Six nights in a row;Unidentified Very Bright Flying Object with Red, White, and Blue Flashing Lights Last Thursday night, September 25, 2008, at around 9:oopm,  I noticed a very bright light sitting stationary in the northeastern sky well below the stars.  It perked my curiosity because it was much brighter than any star and was not moving like an airplane would move.  As I continued watching the object, I could pick out three distinct flashing  colors, which were red, white, and blue.  I also noticed movement in the object, such as zig zagging, a dipping back and forth motion, twitching movements, and a downward swirling movement. It has also darted away to the left, only to fly back in from the right and stop in the same location.  It has showed up for the last five nights in a row, Friday night, Saturday night, Sunday night, Monday night, and Tuesday night, between the times of 9:00pm and 11:00pm.  Generally, we locate it in the northeastern part of the sky.  However, last Monday night, it was more towards the northwest and in a couple of hours had moved to its usual location in the northeast.  My husband, my two children, and I have viewed it through my son’s telescope on two nights, last Sunday night and last night, which was Tuesday night.  Through the telescope three very bright red, white, and blue lights appear to be flashing and chasing each other in a circle on this object.  It is definitely not a star, planet, airplane, or a helicopter.  It is something very technological in nature.  As each night progressed and the time became later and later, this object appears to climb higher and higher into the night sky, almost out of view.  Any busy or fatigued person just glancing at it would probably just shrug it off as star when it is sitting still or an airplane when it is moving straight through the sky. It really has to be studied to pick up on the three brightly colored flashing lights and the unusual movement of the object at times.  It is amazing and very fun to watch.  It has made an interesting addition to our home school.  My children can’t wait until dark to find out if ! it is ba ck in the sky.  They love to view it through the telescope, as do I.  This lighted unidentified  object would be perfect for anyone wanting to research or investigate  further, because it has appeared without fail now for the last six nights, and I anticipate it will also appear tonight.  We would love to share it with the world, but we do not own a video camera and a simple still photo from our distance would not do it justice.  We have told family and friends to look out for it at night however, they are all already in bed when we bring out the telescope and I would feel kind of silly reporting it to law enforcement. It really has to be seen with your own eyes, and then you still won't  believe what you are seeing, and you will not want to stop watching! ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a star.  PD));36.9047;-94.2659
