strange object in sky flying with no noise;2001-06-25 21:15:00;3 minites;strange object in sky flying with no noise On Monday night at 21:10,i was bruning trash out back of my home,the sky was light blue,and the stars were out,you could see the new moon in the western part of the sky,i was looking to the south when I noticed i bright light coming toward me with a big fat trail of what i thought was smoke to it's left,my right, at first i thought this was a fire work that did not go off,so i didnt think much about it,as i was walking toward the house i saw my sister and i looked to the light again,and said to her look at that,what the hell is it,she said i dont know maybe an airplane,i said do you hear it?and she said no,she to thought it may be a firework,the smoke trail looked like a light fying through a cloud only there were no clouds tonight,the light was getting a alot closer and it seemed to be right over the town,this thing what ever it was was big,and no noise what so ever,the trail it left was bigger,when all of a sudden it vanished,like it wasnt there at all,no trail,nothing,everything seemed to vanish in thin air,so i beleave at 21:15 me and my sister saw something in the sky,and i can't tell anyone what it was i have no idea,i bleave we both saw a UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that the cluster of reports that appear her for the evening of Monday, June 25, 2001, were caused by the launch of an ICBM by the U. S. Navy from the Kennedy Space Center at approximately 2115 hrs. (EDT).  We are grateful to the FAA Military Liason office in Jacksonville, FL the USAF 45th RANDS unit and the Naval Operations and Testing Unit (NOTU) for their assistance in our attempt to determine the cause of these reports.  A similar test was conducted by the USS West Virginia submarine off the east coast of Florida on March 07, 1998, which caused similar reports.  PD));39.9713;-75.9327
The whole thing lasted 2 seconds and made a letter U in the sky as it disappeared like it was turning around to point back to sky.;2020-11-19 06:12:00;2 seconds;The whole thing lasted 2 seconds and made a letter U in the sky as it disappeared like it was turning around to point back to sky. I was driving East and the sun was beginning to rise. I frequently take pictures of the sunrise, so I was looking in anticipation for the right moment.  When I looked up, a small reddish orange light appeared in the dark sky.  The light then moved down and up again and disappeared.  The shape it formed was a tight letter U.  The light was on the right what it appeared then went slightly down and straight up to the left as if it made a letter U.  I then looked for afterburner smoke trail but there was nothing in the sky.  The whole view only lasted about 2 seconds. It was quick.;39.9713;-75.9327
