Multiple bright orange lights near Monrovia, MD.;2016-11-24 17:45:00;25 minutes;Multiple bright orange lights near Monrovia, MD. On Thanksgiving night (11-24-2016) around 5:45 pm with a house full of family, I stepped out onto my carport for a smoke.  Looking NW towards Urbana/Frederick area, I saw 2 bright orange lights side by side & low on the horizon.  They were coming straight towards my location in Monrovia, MD, at a steady pace and stopped and hovered for about a minute maybe 1 mile from my house.  I estimate their altitude to be around 1000 feet.  Then the first light ascended straight up at a silent but steady pace - the orange light turned white & looked like a distant star, and then it was gone.  Then the second light did the same thing.  I watched for a few more minutes when I noticed 2 more orange lights low on the horizon coming towards me.  One light was faster than the other and it seemed to slow down 2 or 3 times to let the slower light catch up.  These 2 lights stopped and hovered in the same place as the first 2 and then ascend straight up one at a time just like t! he first 2. I watched for a few more minutes and saw nothing more and went inside.  After about 5 minutes, I told my wife about my weird sighting.  My oldest son overheard my story, and as kids do, wanted to say that I was crazy, so he went outside onto our back deck.  As soon as he got outside, he screamed for everybody to come here now......  Six of us went out onto the deck and we all saw that there were now 7 bright orange lights evenly spaced in a vertical zig-zag pattern at the same spot where the previous 4 lights had ascended straight up.  One by one, all 7 lights ascended straight up until out of sight. This was really weird and the first time I had ever seen anything like this - but there were 6 witnesses to this event.  I doubt if many people saw this because it was dinnertime on Thanksgiving night and the Redskins were playing the Cowboys on TV at this time.  The total event lasted about 25 minutes - it was over around 6:10 pm. As an interesting side note, I offer this.  During this timeframe, I saw no airplanes in the vicinity this entire time.  I live within about 50 miles of 3 major airports (Reagan National, Dulles and BWI) as well as several smaller airports such as Frederick Municipal , Hagerstown, Martinsburg and Montgomery Airpark) - there always seems to be planes in the airspace above us at all different altitudes - except for this night and time.  Within 5 minutes of the last orange light disappearing, there were planes again. We tried to take pictures, but nothing was clear.  However, there is a You Tube video titled Family of UFO's Flying over Baltimore recorded on 1-31-2016 that shows identical orange lights to what the six of us witnessed.  To date, I have not seen the lights again. Sorry this is so lengthy, but I wanted to get all of the details included since no pictures or video.;39.3508;-77.2454
A single light in a straight line went silently across the sky above us.;2020-05-16 21:40:00;5 minutes;A single light in a straight line went silently across the sky above us. A single light (with no distinct color) appeared from the southwest horizon and traveled in a straight line over our location.  It looked like and behaved like a satellite but was too low to have been a satellite.  It seemed to be at the altitude a plane or helicopter would be, but it did not have blinking lights and did not make sound.  It went straight over our heads and continued in its straight line until it was no longer visible at the northeast horizon.;39.3508;-77.2454
