Bright lights change number and into object and strike of lights apear in picture taken Prineville, OR;2006-11-16 17:15:00;3 minutes;Bright lights change number and into object and strike of lights apear in picture taken Prineville, OR I was arriving to work as interpreter to a Head Start in Prineville , Oregon, when about 3 blocks from my destination 2 static ligts caught my attention the light looked motionless in the sky (at this time of the day was Twilight and no stars were out yet), so I kept looking at the lights until I arrived to my destination and I got out of my car and the lights changed from 2 to 3 like a triangle and then back to 2, by now I was convince this was no airplane since the were no moving forward or to any direction at all just there about 75 degress from the horizon.  I carry a camera with me because I often take pictures of the events I assist to interpret to share them at meetings with other interpreters so I got my camera out I zoomed in on to the lights and I snaped a picture.  I looked down at the camera screen to make sure the picture came out clear and to my surprise a very bright chain of lights apeared in the picture right by the lights which also apeared as an object not the lights I saw!  I ooked up to take another picture and the lights (object) were gone and only the empty clear sky was there no stars or anything.  There is no power wires crossing the street where I was and the nearest pole light was about a block away.  There was no noise but the normal street noise and there was other people arriving to the Place but no one saw anything I ask a guy and a woman that were talking out side while smoking and they didn't see anything and just laughed at me.  Mr. Davenport what could this be? I am sure I saw those lights and what confuses me is that the lights show like something else and that bright chain of lights they were not there when I took the picture. Thank you. ((name deleted));44.3041;-120.8364
Was sitting in car on top of a view point and kept seeing a bright light. We saw a helicopter going towards the object and before it go;2018-03-26 22:00:00;30 minutes;Was sitting in car on top of a view point and kept seeing a bright light.  We saw a helicopter going towards the object and before it got close, a dark cloud hid it. When the cloud left, the object barely had a glow or shape.  The helicopter started circling the object before another cloud submerged it and the helicopter left.  When the cloud disappeared once more, the object was gone.  It was in the South sky, left and upward from Orion.;44.3041;-120.8364
