Color changing light, randomly bobbing and circling--would have thought this was a star if I had just glanced at it for a second;2012-07-10 01:00:00;5 minutes;Color changing light, randomly bobbing and circling--would have thought this was a star if I had just glanced at it for a second I got up to use the bathroom shortly before 1 AM. I was looking at the stars through the open window, when I noticed that one of them was moving.  At first I thought that I must just be so tired that my eyes were playing tricks on me.  I kept watching and the light bobbed randomly in all directions, and a couple of times even moved around in a circle.  The color of the light changed randomly, including white, red, orange, and yellow.  At times I think I saw fainter lights shoot out from the main light that was bobbing around, but they were so faint that I'm not positive.  Some of my thoughts while observing--That's a UFO. I'm actually seeing a UFO. I thought that if this ever happened I'd be a lot more scared. I'm really glad that thing seems so far away.&quot I watched until the light dropped behind the trees across the street from my house. I considered getting in the car and driving to where I could get an unobstructed view but was too scared to do so by myself.;44.3041;-120.8364
Multiple star like objects exited earths atmosphere at lihgt speed.  ((Starlink satellites??));2019-12-23 22:30:00;5 minutes;Multiple star like objects exited earths atmosphere at lihgt speed Observed what at first looked like 15+ stars lined up in a line, Southern Sky looking from Prineville, Oregon. line or formation was North South orientation from viewpoint, formation moved North in an orderly measured fashion and disappeared one by one as velosity increased, could not tell if direction of travel was ascending or decending in relation to night sky or horizon. Definitly not stars, definitely not aircraft, very large and bright and at a great distance, by the movement viewed speeds were astronomical! A bunch of people must have seen this it was spectacular!;44.3041;-120.8364
