bright white light the size of a distant star that made eratic movements, and complete stops;2000-10-01 20:00:00;1 hour;bright white light the size of a distant star that made eratic movements, and complete stops On Oct 1st, 2nd, and 3rd, my 2 hunting partners and i observed in the west a white light which looked like any other star in the night sky,then it  would move in a straight line to out left.  It would then hold its position for 10 or 15 seconds before moving in a straight line upward, where it would hold again, 10 or 15 seconds. Then in would move downward in a arc .  It would continue these movements,  left or right, up or down, in curving arcs, with pauses in betweeen movements. Some up or down movements also traveled at around a 45 degree angle. WE observed this pinpoint of white light 3 nights in a row, well after darkness had set in.  Each night it would be off to the west in the same vicinity but a slightly different spot. It always appeared to be the same size as the stars were.   Two of us are retired , the third is a copy machine repairman. With binoculars a faint reddish glow would appear on the edge;44.3041;-120.8364
Lights moving in a straight line, slow and steadily close to the ground with a very slight sound.;2007-02-05 19:15:00;2.5 minutes;Lights moving in a straight line, slow and steadily close to the ground with a very slight sound. The evening of February 5, 2007 at approximately 7:15 PM my wife had stepped out onto the front porch to smoke a cigarette. She was facing east with her back to the front door when she saw lights moving above and to the left of her in the sky. The lights were to the north of our house approximately 200 yards and appeared to her to be about 200 feet in the sky. She noticed them as they cleared the roofline of our house.  The moon on this evening rose around 9:15 PM so this was the darkest part of the night. We live in a very rural part of the county so there are very few lights and almost no noise except for the occasional coyotes and dogs barking. There were no vehicles on the nearest road during the sighting. The air was clear.  My wife called to me through the front door. As I stepped out on the porch I immediately saw the lights tracking due east. My immediate impression was that the object was very large due to the spacing of the lights and the way the lights slowly, consistently tracked without any variation in speed or direction. At no time during our observation were we able to discern any physical form.  The night was absolutely still. I thought I could hear a faint sound like a commercial jet way out in the distance. It was like a slight wavering rumble, just barely discernable. I wasn’t sure the sound was emanating from the lights so I quickly scanned the sky for aircraft marker lights but none were seen. During this event no dogs barked which is remarkable in it’s self.  As you consider the line of travel, there were two lights in the rear oriented much like taillights. These lights where about 3 feet wide by 4 feet tall and 20 feet apart. They had square corners and were flat. They shown like frosted glass with yellow incandescent light coming from within. They were at a medium glow and no light reflected from anything structural around them.  About 4 feet above the right taillight, and about 10 feet to the right, there were 3 more lights. These were about 1 foot square with tight radius corners much like a passenger jet window. These were spaced about 7 feet apart horizontally. The line they formed to the right, and forward of the taillights, gave me the impression they were mounted on a curved surface. They were facing the 4 o’clock position and were the same color and intensity as the taillights.  I grabbed some binoculars I keep by the front door and we proceeded to watch the object as it continued its track low and slow. I had to move around to keep a line of sight through the trees. I noted at its most distant observation the 3 window lights were situated so that the center light was above the right taillight. I didn’t see them move, I just noticed they were in a different position.  This event covered a span of 2 to 3 minutes. We estimated the speed of the object to be 35 to 45 MPH.;44.3041;-120.8364
