I live in burr ridge illinois and was walking our dog east bound on our street at around nine oclock on the 15th of August.  I enjoy wa;2009-08-15 21:15:00;15 minutes;I live in burr ridge illinois and was walking our dog east bound on our street at around nine oclock on the 15th of August.  I enjoy watching the stars at night and was looking up in the sky and noticed the harvest formation Cassiopiea was out and that it was time for farmers to harvest their crops. As If returned westbound towards our home, I looked up into the sky and noticed a bright red circular light with a orange glow in the middle moving from the south to the northeast at appx 4-5000 feet in the air moving at a 300-400 mpg clip. The red light was 10 times the intensity of a small planes red light and the orange flame in the middle was half its size. There was one object to start and then two more that followed in tandem and then three more after that following in single file on the same path. After the first two passed overhead, I yelled to my wife who was inside the house to come outside quickly to see what I saw, and luckily two to three more passed by clearly visible to her. She was as stunned as I was. No sound. No red or green lights on either side of the object. Were these Army drones heading for the Chicago Air show? Were they flying objects that were going to be dislayed at the Oshgosh air show? After we saw the objects, we came inside and called the police, but no one else had reported the sighting. My wife went or neighbors house to see if anyone at their party had seen the strange objects overhead this evening. I still have goosebumps from the sightings. It was very very odd. And very cool at the same time. As my wife has returned from talking to our neighbors, she reported that two people from the party at the house behind us did see three of the lights and wondered what they were and that she spoke to a pilot who was at the party and he didn't know what the lights were either. It was very unusual. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he sounded to us to be quite serious and sober-minded.  Please see the other report from his wife, and please see other reports from other locations for the same time period.  PD));41.7416;-87.9375
