Silent, low, super fast object .;2002-07-31 22:30:00;4 seconds;Silent, low, super fast object . Silent, low, super fast object moving from south to west. Underside apparently illuminated by Norfolk/Hampton ground lights. Object size and distance from ground unknown, speed unknown. Looked round or oval in shape. No brights lights were seen on object. Only took about 4 seconds to travel accross clear night sky and out of sight. Was standing on Hampton shore looking at base and the object caught my eye as well as four others standing on the same strech of shoreline. ((NUFORC Note:  We presume that the witness implies a nighttime sighting.  We have amended the time to 22:30 hrs..  PD));37.0383789473685;-76.3630732456139
UFOs over Hampton Roads waterway;2010-09-10 20:06:00;30+ minutes;UFOs over Hampton Roads waterway I was out for a quick trip to a convenience store, and took the route along the waterway named Hampton Roads, I saw over the water a string of red lights blinking in sequence from one end to the other and repeating. It caught my eye because the string seemed too long to be a helicopter or any other craft that I would expect to see flying over the water.  The altitude was far too low for a large plane.  I went on to the store and returned home by the same route within about 6 minutes.  Venus was bright and low in the sky, and the moon was a huge crescent low on the horizon, and I wanted my son to see them.  I went into my house and called my son to come see.  We got back into my car and circled the block so he could see from the same approach that I had.  Then I really noticed that over the water there were lights, red, blue (or green) and white, the white strobing, in a triangular pattern, flying really low over the water.  I pointed them out to my son, and ! tried to make sense of what they could be.  I rounded the corner to my house and parked, and my son went in as he had no interest in the lights.  I walked down to the waters edge to watch.  I saw the triangle formation break up, the two leading points continued forward and the trailing point turned and reversed direction.  That was the first time I would see that it was not a single craft, but multiple small crafts.  It was dark and I could not see the shape of the crafts at all, I could only see the lights.  I watched for about 5 minutes and could see that there were at least 6 fairly small craft, flying over the water, three very close and three more in the near distance.  They flew back and forth, and in random patterns and did not reform the triangular formation.  There was no wind, and the water was very calm, and I could not hear a sound from engines.  These things were silent, agile and maneuvered in ways I have not seen from aircraft.  I ran back to my house to get my son to come and see what was going on.  He refused, maybe a little scared.  I immediately went back (this distance is about 175 feet, and the waterway is visible from my yard) to the waterfront and at first I thought they were gone.  They had gone high, and were hovering in a partial circle above the water but also over the land area back in the direction of (but beyond) my house.  I was able to spot them because of the strobing lights, and though high I could still see the red and blue lights as well as the strobing white.  A couple out walking their dog came along and I pointed the craft out to them and told them what I had seen.  They also saw them hovering high, and didn’t have an idea what they could be.  I stayed out for another 5 minutes or so, I could see them easily over the water and as the circle went behind me over land I had to walk around to see them because of the many large trees, but there were at least 6 that I could see.  There may have been more, but I could not see all of the sky from where I stood.  My son then came out of the house after me, so I went home.  I think the first string of red lights that I saw may have been the 6 of them flying in line, but turned so only the red light was easily visible.  Norfolk Naval Station is directly across the water from where I was.;37.0383789473685;-76.3630732456139
The date I am not sure of but it was approximately the date I entered.  I was standing out on the back deck of my parents' home and not;2011-06-27 19:00:00;10 minutes;The date I am not sure of but it was approximately the date I entered.   I was standing out on the back deck of my parents' home and noticed 3 crafts up pretty high moving to the west and at first assumed it was fighter jets because this is a military area but as I watched...more and more and more showed up.  There were so many clipping across the sky at such a high speed I was mesmerized and then I got really scared.  I went inside and told my mom to come look at what I was seeing and when we got back outside they were gone.  I call what I saw a fleet of UFOs.   Never ever before had I seen a UFO and I tried really hard to convince myself that what I was seeing was NOT UFOs but I have no doubt as to what I saw.  I have seen very similar video of what I saw.  I couldn't count them but for some reason the number 84 (towards the end of my watching) was a number I would have guestimated.  It was exciting yet very scary.  I always look now just in case.   The evening was slightly cloudy but not so much that I was mistaken in what I saw.  The stars had not come out yet but it was late in the evening.  I have lived here most all of my life, with all kinds of military including Langley AFB so I would have known if I were seeing fighter jets.  It was not anything like I have ever seen before.   I looked at this form a couple of days ago and decided to wait before posting my sighting.  Today however, I feel it's time to share what I saw.   I did look the next day for any reports of meteor showers or anything that could explain what I saw but there was nothing.  Not even a report from anyone else via the news as to what I saw.   I now wonder if I am the only one who witnessed this.  Sadly...I did not get photos  :( ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));37.0383789473685;-76.3630732456139
Looked like a star twinkling like crazy with bright colors, white/green/blue/ red in the general dir.of NASA/Langley.  ((Sirius??  PD));2012-03-19 00:30:00;10 minutes;Strange looking light dancing in the south western part of the sky.  It looked like a star twinkling like crazy with bright colors, white, green, blue, and red in the general direction on NASA/Langley above the tree line. It danced in a figure 8 motion and stayed long enough for me to get my binoculars.;37.0383789473685;-76.3630732456139
Aircraft that flys slow and dims it rather big dingy butter colored light ,slowist aircraft at 5-6000 feet ive seen.;2013-07-06 22:30:00;30 seconds;Aircraft that flys slow and dims it rather big dingy butter colored light, slowist aircraft at 5-6000 feet I've seen. This last sighting was also observed 1.5 miles away by my roommate. I've been seeing this same BIG dingy yellow lighted craft several times, and as before it flies slow like a ultra-lite would but about 6ooo feet approx. The craft gives itself away by dimming out the light insted of winking out as a light switch would and usually does this in the airport area or when in visual distance of another aircraft . Note: no navigation lights blink in the 9 sightings ive had, but only the slow odd but big dingy butter colored light that goes out allways, like a dimmer cut it down too off. This has been on going and i really hope others may become aware so as to confirm the craft as a real aircraft . I must add I never seen it turn away from me so if its a extra large landing light it should not turn off like it does and there are no clouds between the craft and the ground because the stars shine bright blue  white around it . The slighly dingy light is much larger and noticable than any navigation light and appears to light the bottom of the entire craft. It does not show a beam light as a landing light does. No aircraft should cut off all its lights and dissapear as this craft does. HIGHLY NOTICEABLE,VERY SLOW AND SILENT , AND A BIG YELLOISH LIGHT W/NO NAVIGATION LIGHT OR STROBES AND DIMS OUT slowly or about 1.5 seconds to go completely off! Brightness of the light is equal to the stars but 5x larger . This i believe is wide spread in my area,very common and no ultra-lights take off or fly at any airports in the area. Langley AFB is 3 mile away from this last sighting. I'm sure there has been pilot radio reports of air traffic in unassigned locations and unusual speed and extra large lighting circumfrence with no strobes or navigation lights. I have seen what i believe as the exact craft 9 times some at high altitude so as to possibly rule out a ultra-light!  A non threatning craft but somehow sneaky dimming its light when other aircraft come near or when approaching the Newportnews/Williamsburg  International airport which it over flew at about 4000 feet altitude. This is not a rare event,once you see the color its a easy distintive unique big size is very easily reconized. Take look for yourselves please,i just know this craft does not follow the rules . Ive seen 9 in a couple of months!;37.0383789473685;-76.3630732456139
