Triangle with three large, dim, amber lights flew rapidly overhead and rotated once.;1995-10-01 22:00:00;1 Minute;Triangle with three large, dim, amber lights flew rapidly overhead and rotated once. In 1995 I was returning from a wake with two friends. I was in the back seat. When we dropped off the front passenger at her house I got out to get in the front seat. I waved goodbye as she entered her house and noticed three dim amber lights, close together in a straight, horizontal line. I was facing south at the time from the curb. The lights were far away to the south above the horizon.  The area is frequented by aircraft as it is only 20-25 miles from JFK and Laguardia airports. The approach of airplanes is usually east-west. When I was a kid the Concorde was a frequent sight and sound.  This was different. First it was flying from south to north, heading in a direction overhead. The lights were dim, amber and didn't blink. So I watched as it approached rapidly. As the lights got closer I could see the formation wasn't a line but a triangle with one light in the lead. The lights were also round and not pin points. The diameter of each light being roughly 1/4 the length of one edge of the formation. As it flew more overhead, and it being a clear starry night, I could see it was moving quickly. I didn't notice any sound. It looked as though it was very high up.  I called to my friend in the car and said he should see this. I heard him say something like see what?. While keeping my eyes on the lights I walked around the back of the car and glanced down at my friend with is head sticking out the car window, quickly looked back up. The lights were still there except they were now almost directly over our heads. I pointed up at them but he still said he couldn't see them. At this point the silence, speed and odd lighting really had my attention.  If it ended here I could have dismissed it as an airplane, or whatever and not have given it another thought.  As I watched it fly rapidly, relative to the stars in the background, almost directly overhead, it rotated. Rotated quickly so the two previously trailing lights were now leading. That sent chills through my spine. No airplane does that. I started yelling to my friend something like holy #%#%#, look at it!, his head still looking out the window, in an awkward way, facing up. I glanced down and slapped him on the forehead to get him to look in the right spot. When I looked back up I could not find the lights again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.6866;-73.5124
