Bright Orange/Green blue/Pulsating Orbs in the michigan sky/southeast sky area. ((NUFORC Note:  Arcturus??  PD));2014-03-25 01:00:00;still there;Bright Orange/ Green blue/ Pulsating Orbs in the michigan sky/ southeast  sky area My friend and I have been seeing the same three things in the sky for more than two months now, at first thought to be a star but they move and are different in color,  Orange pulsating Glowing almost circular Orbs, another is Green and blue with alittle orange, the third is Orange as well but not as bright. we decide to finally take a picture with my LG G2 phone because the zoom seems to be better than my regular digital camera. I zoomed in on the Big orange one and it appeared to be moving slowing arround in an irratic behavior so it was hard to keep it in sight, I braced my hands on the car window to keep the phone steady and began taking lots of pictures. in the camera the pictures just look completley round, but when i put them onto my computer i was amazed to see that some looked like a sunny side up Egg, or a donut with a Hexagon shape in the middle. whats strange is when i look at the picture of the orange one on my computer it shows up as whitish whith green in the middle. and when i look at the greenish blue one on the computer it shows up as Bright orange with a hexagon shape in the middle. these seem to only move a short distance at a time.  There is one picture that looks not round at all but appears to be a bright long thing and appears to have a shape of the cross at the top and a Map of some sort behind and all around it.I can always seem to find the area in the sky to find them because they are bright with color.  I tried to look at the orange one with high powered binnoculars and it kinda scared me because when i looked at it, it still looked orange and round but this time in the middle it looked like a single worm or some type of organism was moving around very fast like crazy at a rapid speed inside or in the middle of the orb.   I can't be sure if it's a UFo but i can't identify it and i'm not sure what it is.  I have about 30 pictures. ((NUFORC Note:  We commend the witness for having captured the photos, but they do not appear to us to be photos of authentic UFOs.  They are blurry, point sources of light, and may be celestial bodies, possibly bright stars, we believe.  All of the photos appear to us to be out of focus.  PD));42.8175000000001;-85.5181000000001
