large rectangular craft in alfred me;2003-08-17 20:00:00;3 min;large rectangular craft in alfred me My girlfriend and myself were returning form camp when we came upon a feild with an outcrop oe trees when all of a sudden a bright white light lit up the area for about three seconds then the light died and was replaced by three small verticly rectanglar light which glowed red blue and yellow. We stopped the car and watched for about three minutes in complete silence from anything the craft was about fifty feet lonf and about twenty feet high just hovering after about a min the car shut off and at two was had an electric feeling going throug us not hurt but like when a part of your body falls asleep at three mins i started the car and drove off as fast as i could when i looked back the craft was gone. it scared the crap out of me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.4863999999999;-70.6939000000001
4 rectangular glowing objects glide silently by and ascend until they disappear into a point in Alfred Maine.;2009-08-08 21:20:00;10 minutes;4 rectangular glowing objects glide silently by and ascend until they disappear into a point in Alfred Maine. On august 8, 2009, my friend and I were driving south on Roux Rd. extension towards Back Rd in Alfred, Maine. At exactly 09:20pm, I looked out my driver’s side window towards the eastern sky and observed a rectangular-shaped glowing object moving towards us, at an altitude I would approximate as about 2 or thousand feet, that immediately caught my attention as something unusual. I said “what the heck is that, and stopped the car and got out. We observed this object coming towards us, then it began to veer to our left, towards the north and apparently back towards Bunganut Pond. It was then that we saw another identical object following the first at the same speed and altitude, and then a 3rd. I did not hear any noise at all, but I had left my car running, so I told my friend to shut it off to see if we could hear anything, but the night was completely silent. At this point, my mind was trying to come up with some logical explanation for what they were, even as we were watching them silently glide past us. We observed them for at least 3 or 4 minutes. As they seemed to be about over the Pond we had just left, they started to ascend at a fairly constant speed and just kept going until they disappeared into a point. My 1st thought was that they were planes with some kind of odd lighting on them, but they were rectangular and seemingly composed only of light. Then I thought maybe they were those “paragliders”, the ones with a fan strapped to their backs, but again, I knew they would make a whirring sound as well, so we listened very intently for any noise, but there was not a sound. I have to report that it was a clear night, a ¾ moon, so the sky was pretty bright and some stars were visible. After regaining some of my composure, I realized that I had my camera phone on my belt, and I was able to excitedly take 2 pictures, the 1st normal and the 2nd zoomed as close as possible. It was hard to keep the objects in my viewfinder under zoom and apparently I did not get the 2nd picture in the frame, but the 1st definitely shows as a point of light. We stood there in awe discussing what we had seen for a few moments, and then we got back in the car and proceeded to pull onto Back Rd heading east. My friend called her father, who we assumed was either back at the camp on the Pond, or already in the car coming up behind us, to see if they had also seen it. He said they hadn’t seen anything and they were driving up behind us on Roux Rd Ext, when suddenly I saw yet another single object to my left following the exact same route as the others. I stopped the car and jumped out, and my friend began yelling to her father to look and he said he was also seeing it from Roux Rd! He was asking “what the hell is that thing” to her on the phone as I just watched it fly silently by right in front of me from right to left. It then made a wide turn to the right just as the others had and began to ascend. We watched it continue to ascend until it too disappeared into a point of light. The best I can describe the objects is that they were rectangular, and the bottom seemed to be on fire. They did not appear to have any form at all, but rather it looked like a “line of fire” with a glowing rectangle of light above the fire part. They were definitely not anything that appeared to be man-made, they moved at a constant rate, and they did not just fly away from us but rather ascended until they disappeared.;43.4863999999999;-70.6939000000001
