The sound of it made me go outside.;2006-01-12 02:00:00;1.4;the sound of it made me go outside. Your terms of spell check and paragraphing was unacceptable.  so I did neither.  I just copy and pasted this from bautforum.  They call it cosmoquest b.s now.  I don't like the name.. I'm chunky :)  from retrospect reading this now I have new in site.  Only with the sound thou. I started playing guitar when I moved back to Arkansas shortly after the sighting.  I can still hear and my mind and feel with my chest the resonance of that sound.  It was damn close to drop D.  In tune, in what ever tune it was. it wasn't an ugly sound u know.  Just one that made  you know it was there.  Powerful.  It made me palse the TV.  And seriously wonder what it was. Also, I didn't mention, but still remember, how it blacked out the stars in the background.  It was black. I couldn't see a star but the the lights.  Not until it left from me a little ways. P.s. I clicked possible abduction bc about a year ago I had a dream. I was in Oklahoma.  On Idaho street where my dad and I lived, where I saw the lights.  It was night time and I could feel that sound, the I was lifted up off the ground suspended for a time. Then snatched backwards at an angle into the sky.  I awoke panicked.  So maybe it was a dream.  Maybe it was a memory lol .  doesn't really matter.  But I've been so wanting to share my story to something other then bautforum. Chunky Established Member  Join Date Mar 2006 Posts 679 My UFO story ok people first off, i'm not a lier. you dont know that but i dont care. ok, i was sitting in my dads chair waiting tv, mtv to be exact and i heared this sound it was a low pitched, constant, resinating sound. i muted the tv and listened for a second or two. then i went outside into my front yard and i looked up to the left a lil and there was thins thing. it wasnt a helocopter because it didnt have the whoosing sound, ya know. it wasnt a plane, it was going to slow, i couldnt see it actually all i could see were the three dot. it was in the form of a triangle, it wasnt an isasolises(cant spell and dont know if thats the right word....a triangle that all edges are equal) the lights were almost in the form of a perfect triangle...but it was like this  .....................................O     ...........................O.................... .......O the two lights on the bottom were white not yellow but white and the one at the top was blue. thins thing was either really low to the ground and big or high up and even bigger ......it was big...hold on let me get a tape measure, 28 inches long im not sure though im just guessing its been like 2 months since ive seen it. get a tape mesure and get it to 28 inches and hold it at arms length and thats how big it was in the sky, around about. it astounded me is to how slow it was going. if i was running i could have kept up with it, but i just stood there in awe..lol i was wanting them to abduct me, that would have been cool.unless they did stuff to me.. but yes, true story, if you think im lying well, no im not. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.8998;-98.2092
