10-20 Blinking light crafts near Soap Lake, WA;2003-09-10 21:30:00;2 hours;10-20 Blinking light crafts near Soap Lake, WA My friend and I were staying at his dad's guest cabin on Lake Lenore near Soap Lake in eastern Washington. There is a large cliff to the West of the cabin, near the back of the lake. During WW2 this cliff was the backdrop to flyovers by airplanes that drug banners to train arial gunners. Earlier that day I had made a comment that wanted to see a UFO. Around 9:30 pm, I went out to his truck to get something and I looked over the top of the cliff and saw a flashing light that was blinking red, white, and bluish-green. I stood there for a few minutes and watched to see where it would go and it just hung in the sky. I went in the cabin to get my friend and he came out to the truck too. We sat there and watched this thing through the back window and saw it move up and down, then zoom to the side and back to it's original spot. Then another craft moved in to the North of it, it was blinking in the same colors as the first one, then two more crafts moved into the same area and formed a triangle. They hung in a triangle formation for approximately 5 minutes and then took off one at a time. During their time in the triangle formation, they were blinking red and white. The original craft that we saw then flew off over our heads blinking red and white at a very rapid pace with no sound. At that time, we could hear airplane engines when they flew over, so we knew this was a different type of craft. As it got darker out, we moved into the main cabin where there are bay windows that look out upon the lake and the cliff and watched as many other similar crafts flew into triangle formations and hung in the sky. They would form triangles of all different sizes, but always triangles. We watched them for about an hour and a half to two hours before we got tired and went to bed, but there were still many of them in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Time and date are approximate.  PD));47.3826;-119.482
