3 satellites in 10 minute span - third one changes direction and stops resumes at higher speeds;2005-07-09 23:00:00;5-10 minutes;3 satellites in 10 minute span - third one changes direction and stops resumes at higher speeds At around 11 PM Eastern Standard time, I looked into the sky and saw a satellite travelling from southeast to the northeast (approximately - not the best sense of direction I'm working with). My curiosity in the skies of this area has been piqued since the other day when I saw 3 black triangles in broad daylight immediately following a black helicopter acting very strange. I called my brother over to watch the satellite in case of the remote possibility it was more than that. It wasn't, and he wasn't impressed. I made a phone call, and maybe five minutes later, I saw another satellite coming from southwest, heading northeast to the same point that the first one was headed. I couldn't believe my luck --- I constantly watch the sky, constantly watch for satellites, and I'm lucky if I see one every couple of weeks or months. I decided to run to the baseball field across the street in order to get a better look at the satellite, somewhere where it wouldn't be obstructed by trees. I had to stop several times along the way so as not to lose my bearings on the satellite. When I finally got there, the satellite was fading out in the distance. Immediately thereafter, another satellite came from a more westerly direction, heading in the same direction as the other two. Three satellites in under 10 minutes? Again, I couldn't believe my luck. I called my fiancee, looking for another witness so I wouldn't think I was losing my mind again in one week. I watched this satellite for about a minute when it started to band to its right --- not subtly, drastically. Then it stopped --- just stopped dead for about 30 seconds. It then started up again at an even greater speed, travelling northeast again now. At one point, it appeared as though a little flash came off of it, perhaps blue/purple like a flash of lighting at night? though relegated to the area directly beside it.  That was two nights ago. Last night, I spent hours with my fiancee looking at a clear sky for satellites. I did see one, moving west to east, but it disappeared before it even passed over us. This seemed a lot more normal, but I am completely uneducated as far as satellite flight paths go.  On another note, my first time accessing this website was on Friday. I was more than shocked to learn of the alarming frequency at which people see black triangular craft, especially in groups of three, especially with a haze around it. My first clue was actually seeing it in person. One particular liting from Chicago has the witness mentioning that it looked like a kite, which was my first instinct, but there is no possible way these are one kite, let alone 3 --- not at these altitudes, not at these speeds.  Do satellites act like this? What is up with these black triangles? I would love to know more from whomever can supply the knowledge.;40.185;-75.0041
