3 black triangles in sky defy laws of physics black helicopter acting strange;2005-07-07 19:45:00;10-20 minutes;3 black triangles in sky defy laws of physics black helicopter acting strange 07/07/05 - I left my parents' house in Holland Pennsylvania at approximately 7:35 P.M. to run to Newtown, a neighboring town where I live with my fiancee. It was still light out, though very cloudy.  Shortly thereafter, I was in the neighborhood directly behind my parent's house when a helicopter streaked by, headed in the general direction of south. I was wearing headphones, and I could hear the helicopter over the music. It made a wide arc to the right, turned around, and passed directly over my head.  It was a black helicopter, which is more than a rarity in my area.  It promptly turned around again, and began to circle directly above me. It circled 15-20 times, getting lower and lower, as if it was out of control or looking for a spot to land.   I then took my headphones off and got my cell phone out to call my fiancee.  At this time, the helicopter was 200 or so feet in the air, very low. It was approximately 7:40.  When I began to dial, the helicopter pulled out of its low circling routine and shot off south again, flying higher and eventually up into cloud cover.   I made calls to my fiancee and my sister, but neither of them was home. I began to run again, out of the neighborhood and on a major road at this point.  With my headphones on again, I could swear I heard more helicopters.  To satisfy my curiosity, I took off the headphones once more, and sure enough, several helicopters could be heard, but they were not visible and were likely covered by clouds.  I reached a bypass in the road at a very busy intersection.  Waiting for a green light, I began to here much more air traffic, and I searched the skies convinced that I would see a helicopter.   At approximately 7:45, in the distance, due north, I thought I saw a helicopter headed in my direction. I stood and watched it for about 30 seconds until it was close enough for me to discern that this was not a helicopter.  3 triangles appeared to be traveling in formation, each one rotating on its own axis, all 3 of them rotating around eachother, with seeminly no laws of physics applying to the locomotion of these objects.  At first, since they were headed toward me, I had no real sense of their speed, and I assumed that they were slow moving, perhaps floating the same way a kite might float. The strangest thing was that, the more I stared at them, the harder they were to focus on.  What appeared to be a bubble surrounded the 3 objects, similar to the ring you can see around a full moon.  I called my fiancee and my sister again and left frantic and frustrated messages. I watched for about 2-3 minutes when they began to head off in a more westerly direction. It occurred to me to call my mother, who was back at the house I had just left. She answered, and I begged her to go out in the yard and look in the sky. She had no luck in seeing this object do to the combination of its distance, it being fairly low on the horizon, and the amount of trees surrounding my parents' house. She did, however, say how strange that was considering that she and my father had just witnessed a black helicopter acting very peculiar over the neighborhood behind us. They said the helicopter sounded as if the engine had cut out or gone out of control, as if it was in a spin before a crash. She suggested that the helicopter may have been in pursuit. I suggested the opposite as a joke. We got off of the phone, and I was still stuck in my tracks, staring at three triangles moving highly unnaturally and surrounded by a ring of strange light in broad daylight. At one point, the bottom triangle appeared to push out smoke or a vapor trail but I believe it was most likely a low flying cloud, approximately the size of two of these objects. If I were to make a hypothesis as to the size of these objects, I would have to say they could have been anywhere between the size of a commercial airliner or the size of a football field. It was very unclear, due to the varying speeds at which they moved and the fact that they were fairly distant, possibly a mile or two away, maybe more, maybe less. Not being an expert on judging things like that, I'm not exactly quick to make a concrete analysis. I was very tempted to get somebody out of their car at a red light, but I'm a really big guy, and that probably wouldn't have gone over so well. This whole incident happened over the course of about 20 minutes, but I was able to watch the objects in the sky for about 10 minutes total. For the rest of my 5 mile run, I heard several more helicopters, which is very uncommon where I live. Beyond that, I can't say I remember ever seeing a black helicopter around here. I do live 15-20 minutes southwest of Trenton's airport, 40 minutes north of Philadelphia's airport. To top it off, Newtown is home to a branch of Lockheed Martin, and the field across from Lockheed Martin played host to a President Bush rally last year. I have yet to contact local authorities or local newspapers.;40.185;-75.0041
