Flying Orange Spider/Octopus looking creature spotted in New Jersey 1978;1978-05-05 15:00:00;15 minutes;Flying Orange Spider/Octopus looking creature spotted in New Jersey 1978 At the risk of sounding like a lunatic, I need to share my story.  It was around 1977/78 I was 6/7 years old living in Teaneck, New Jersey.  (As I’m writing my keyboard and extra laptop just started turning on and off by itself and the levers are moving!) I was in the sunroom of our two story home, it had a big sliding glass door. Suddenly, out of nowhere I sensed something and looked up.  There in front of the sliding glass door, on the outside, was a huge orange flying spider/octopus looking creature that must have been at least 5 feet tall.  I was a little girl, but I do remember it covered the entire span of glass.  It was not touching the glass, however, it was hovering and looking at me.  I was terrified!  So I ran to call for my mother. When I got to the stairs (my mother was upstairs watching tv) I tried to go up and scream for her, but I couldn’t.  It was as if I was paralyzed.  My legs would not take me up the stairs.  No sound would come out.  I remember very clearly that I could hear the sound of the opening credits to General Hospital.  She was watching her soap opera so close by, but I couldn’t call for her.  My voice was stuck. But I suddenly had this overwhelming compulsion to go back to the orange spider.  It was as if it was talking to me in my head.  It didn’t use words, but I understood it was telling me not to be afraid, not to worry and to come back.  So I did.  And fear was gone and I felt completely calm and at ease.  Almost companionship and trust and even love? I don’t know how to explain it, but my fear was suddenly replaced with a deep trust and knowledge that this creature would not hurt me.  It was my friend. After I came back, they told me things in my head that I just don’t remember. I’ve tried to remember to no avail. It was speaking to me silently, but at the time I know I was listening, even though there was no sound.  Also, I can’t explain why I know this, but it was very clear that while it had one body, there were many inside.  Not actually physically inside, but rather many “beings” were talking to me.  Like all of them at once, with one voice in my head.  OMG, I know I sound crazy!  I promise you I am not. And then, just as suddenly as it appeared.  It flew up, above the trees in my backyard and disappeared. That night at dinner I told my parents and siblings what had happened.  And I asked my teacher if she had ever seen an “orange spider” that was bigger then she was. BTW, I’ve called it my orange spider since that day, but when a science teacher asked me to draw it when I moved to Florida at 10 years old, I realized with the tentacles on it’s arms, it actually looked more like a flying octopus. (my science teacher called a parent meeting with the principle lol) I think she was truly concerned for my mental well being!  I am 47 now and I still know what I saw that day.  I know I did not imagine it,  I did not make it up and I know it happened.  BTW, when I first looked up your site and started writing, as I mentioned above.  My laptop and music keyboard started turning on and off. I propped my phone on desk and pressed record.  It happened again 5 minutes later.  I can send you the video if you’d like.  And now it’s shut itself off completely.  My heart is pounding.  I can’t tell if I shouldn’t share my story or if it’s an encouragement!  Lol  I’ve never written my story, though I’ve shared with close friends and family all my life.  And while electrical things have always gone somewhat haywire, in that they might shut down…the on/off computer thing and moving levers is new. Anyway, I’m writing in the hopes that someone else may have seen my “orange spider” because I’ve never found anything online that suggests anyone has. I would welcome your thoughts and any information.  Thank you;40.8949;-74.0110000000003
