round metal ball haning north west of Greeley;2010-10-16 18:00:00;10min;round metal ball haning north west of Greeley Saturday October 16th, about 6PM Greeley, Colorado  My daughter came in yelling for me to come outside there is a UFO. I went outside and sure enough there was an object in the sky, it looked metallic it was a little too far to see any definition of the object. The unidentified object stayed in one place, no noise was heard and it did not move at all. I went inside to get my binoculars to get a closer look, unfortunately, I was unable to locate the object. But I could still see it will out the binoculars. So, next I moved up so I was not standing in front of the apartment complex looking silly. By the time I moved up the object was no where in sight and I could see most of the sky, and it only took 5 seconds to reposition my self. It was starting to turn dark right after it left so I went into my house.  Well, after making a few phone calls to tell people what I had seen, I went back outside (about 20 min after the object left) to see if there was a light or anything else. The Unidentified object was definitely gone. However, I did notice planes coming at a high speed from the south, which is the same direction that Buckley Air Force Base is located. There were about 10 of them and they flew directly to the location where the unidentified object was. After the planes flew over I noticed that about 5 of them were circling the exact area that the unidentified object was. They soon left the area, and there was no more action that night. I did try to take everything into consideration, especially the fact that it was the anniversary of the balloon UFO. But I could have seen a balloon moving across the sky. It could have been moving away from me but I would have still been able to see it after moving to another position. Also, in the year that I have lived in Greeley there has never been an airplane fly directly over our apartments and definitely not 10 planes at high speed. Thank you;40.4032827027028;-104.734710810811
i saw an orange sphere in the sky about quarter the size of a full moon, it looked like fire glowing inside a ball.;2011-09-19 21:00:00;7-8 min;i saw an orange sphere in the sky about quarter the size of a full moon, it looked like fire glowing inside a ball. To whom it may concern,  On the evening of Sept 19th 2011at about 8:45-9:00 pm I was driving home and noticed an orange ball/sphere in the sky. I was heading north and only a few min away from my house.  At first it didn’t look like it was moving, as I kept driving north I tried to keep my eye on it, it was moving pretty fast though because by the time I got home which was about the equivalent of 2 city blocks it was already in the south end of the sky and appeared to be a little smaller than when I originally saw it. The movement it made was forward but in small increments up and then down, it never moved from side to side and it was way too large to be a plane, I would say it was about the size of a full moon quartered. When I got out of my car I immediately looked for it, at the same time I was getting out of my car my neighbors were getting into their car.  I brought it to their attention I asked “what is that?” “Do you see that up there?”  I have seen the man only a few times as they just moved in a few weeks ago and I had never spoken to them before. At first they looked at me like if I was not all there, but then when they saw it also we were all in awe, and just watched it until it disappeared in the sky going south. It was like nothing I have ever seen before and I had no doubt whatsoever this was a true UFO.  It was too large to be a plane and the movement was different. It didn’t have a haze around it nor did it have a “tail”. I have seen other strange lights in the sky, I was never really sure of what they were but they could always be explained away.  This one caught my eye because of the size and the color.  Very intense orange like a fire contained in a ball. I have to say it left me feeling “invaded” somehow, not as safe as I had felt before. I always believed we are not alone on this planet but I NEVER thought I would ever see something that would seal it for me. When it finally disappeared my neighbors thanked me for bringing it to their attention, I’m just glad I wasn’t the only one who saw it, I’m glad there were other witnesses.  I know no one would believe me if it was just me but the fact that there were 2 other people there and the fact that I didn’t know them prior, made me feel better about the sighting. Thank you for your time;40.4032827027028;-104.734710810811
Floating bright orb flashes then disappeared completely.;2016-08-30 20:30:00;10 seconds;Floating bright orb flashes then disappeared completely I was laying on my couch facing my window which faces south.  I looked up at the window and saw one large orb of light.  It was flying west towards the mountains at a level in the sky that would be just a little too low for a commercial plane unless it were landing.  It stopped moving immediately and just sat in the sky for a moment.   Suddenly the orb of light got very dim to the point where you could almost not see it anymore, and then immediately re lit very bright causing a bit of a flash and then disappeared without a trace.  It wasn't just further away in any direction, it flashed and then was completely gone.  This all was in the duration of about 8 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.4032827027028;-104.734710810811
Large spherical object descending towards the Rockies, chased by jets.;2016-11-11 11:46:00;2-3 minutes;Large spherical object descending towards the Rockies, chased by jets. At 11:46 Am, November the 11th 2016.  Myself and my children were outside playing in the yard, then abruptly the dogs around the neighborhood started barking and a car driving by had its engine stop without reason, suddenly a loud roaring  was heard by everyone.  It was loud enough that the windows on our home were shaking violently.   I grabbed my children as my first thought was that it was a crashing airplane, or a missile.  We looked up as all of the neighbors on the street exited their homes in fright.  Up high in the sky was a very large spherical object streaming through the sky at high speeds emitting light grey smoke trailing behind.  The object was metallic in appearance, shortly around 15-20 seconds into the sighting two military jets were seen flying at high speeds toward the object. It was clear at this point that the object was descending very fast towards the Rocky Mountains.  I am very familiar with all types of government aircraft, civilian and astronomical objects.  This was neither.  I'm not normally one to believe in the paranormal or extraterrestrials, but this was undeniable.   The next day I checked the news and local papers and nothing was said about a sighting or an meteor crash, I found no other way to report this other than here.  (I would like to stay anonymous due to the fact that my reputation as a ((deleted--public employee)) is at risk.) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.4032827027028;-104.734710810811
