I was walking w/ my friends we were abreast, but I was walking backwards. I was 16 yrs old. I looked up, and about 100 feet above me w;1976-06-15 20:00:00;30 secs;I was walking w/ my friends we were abreast, but I was walking backwards.  I was 16 yrs old. I looked up, and about 100 feet above me was a craft.  It was big enough that it was about all I could see.  It was silent. It had a row of orange rectangular windows/lights, all around the rim. The lights were taller than wider (on end). I took a few seconds to try to understand what I saw, and once I had made sure I was not looking at anything normal, I turned to my friends and said what is that?. As I turned to show them what I was asking about, it silently moved vertically, and then just zipped off. So quickly, that all they could say is what are you talking about?.  It drives me crazy that I cannot verify this sighting. No one takes me seriously, yet I know what I saw. Anyone have any input? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.8549;-73.2157
3 gold objects in a triangle formation all move in seperate directions during a full moon and one disappears and comes back.;2008-01-23 19:10:00;15 minutes;3 gold objects in a triangle formation all move in seperate directions during a full moon and one disappears and comes back. It was a full moon and me and my brother could see 3 big gold lights in a triangle form southwest of the moon, just above the horizon. The objects were not moving and were blinking steadily. After about 5 minutes one of the objects starting moving East and towards us. It was going semi-slow but it moved past us and we saw a disk shaped object with a yellow haze around it (maybe a forcefield?). It had red blinking lights with green non-blinking lights. That one went off into the darkness. We then started watching the other 2 lights, and one of them started to go northeast really fast and away from us. All of a sudden it turned blue and stopped and started to blink. We then paid attention to the other one that was not moving. All of a sudden the first object came blitzing back from the east down away from us to the west and disappeared. I called my mom who was across town at home and when she went outside she and my other brother saw an object quickly change directions and flutter. The 3rd object did not move, but disappeared after about 20 minutes. It was surreal, I was definitely sure that other people would have seen this.;40.8549;-73.2157
