3 yellow orbs chasing one another in the sky facing south towards the Gulf of Mexico.;2003-09-09 03:30:00;15 minutes;3 yellow orbs chasing one another in the sky facing south towards the Gulf of Mexico. At 3:30AM CST I observed 3 yellow orbs appear in the sky facing south towards the Gulf of Mexico.  They appeared independent of one another, moved around each other in organic dancing and playful circular chasing motions. They appeared in triangular formation at times and would break apart again.  It seemed as if wind resistance and gravity were not obstacles as they moved faster and with more accuracy than any man-made flying object that I've ever witnessed.  After 15 or so minutes of enjoying the performance they dimmed and disappeared, unsynchronized from one another. I had no camera or cell phone at the time and my family was asleep.  I was 18 years old standing on a 3rd story apartment front balcony enjoying the ocean air. Being outside at that time was typical for me as I was avoiding the family. They were not the type to believe anything that I would tell them let alone a story like this.  We lived in an apartment complex in Navarre, near Eglin Air force base. Although I knew that what I was watching did not appear to be naturally possible I believe chose to accept at the time that it had to be military involved.  I'm compelled to include that watching the orbs interactions felt whimsical and intentionally playful.  The speed at which they changed direction as they skimmed past one another and the lack of apparent wind resistance and gravity is what keeps the details of this experience vivid.  I've never seen anything similar since.;30.4212;-86.8926
Multiple AD USAF witnesses report formation of bright lights hovering over rural Santa Rosa County FL;2005-11-07 18:35:00;10 Minutes;Multiple AD USAF witnesses report formation of bright lights hovering over rural Santa Rosa County FL Addendum 2 to earlier report - This is a compilation of three additional witness accounts who are active duty Air Force flyers who did not want to be identified. Witness 1 was driving W-bound on Hwy 98 near Navarre when he observed a formation of 5 bright white lights in the dark WNW sky.  He continued to watch the formation of lights in an attempt to identify what type of aircraft they were.  As he continued driving W, he realized the formation (described as sort of a diamond shape) wasn't moving, but just hung in the sky at approx 35-40 degrees elevation.  Since he was driving, he couldn't remain visually fixed on the formation, and after approx 10 mins of glancing while driving, he glanced back and realized the lights were no longer there.  He did not see them depart, but claims he had only looked away from the formation to the road a matter of a few seconds. Witness 2 was also driving W-bound on Hwy 98 near Navarre and observed a similar formation of lights.  He at first assumed they were AFSOC helos on a night training mission, but after several minutes of driving realized his helos were still there, in the same angular, diamond-like formation, and the lights continued to hold position, hovering at what appeared to be very high altitude.  He said as he continued his drive W he doubted his helicopter formation theory more and more, especially when the formation broke apart.  He described the formation break as a one-by-one realignment into almost a straight line, with some decending and some ascending, then the light on the far end of the formation suddenly veered away from the others and vanished.  This pattern of breakaway continued for the next minute, until all the lights were gone.  He has no explanation as to the source of the lights, but is very familiar with flares and other air-ordnance which could cause illumination, and stated These lights were under controlled guidance. Witness 3 was driving N on Hwy 87 after turning from it's intersection w/Hwy 98.  He witnessed several bright lights through the trees off to the western sky.  He at first thought they were stars or planets, but as he got more glimpses through the trees, he said he realized they were way too bright to be either stars or planets.  He then also assumed they were a formation of helos doing night ops, and didn't pay much more attention until he turned W-bound off Hwy 87 onto East Bay Rd just south of Holley.  That was when he saw the lights better and re-evaluated them as unknown.  He only saw them for a minute or less after turning onto East Bay Rd before each light took off like a bat outta hell and the lights winked off, one by one.  He said he believes there were four or five lights in all. None of the above three Air Force flyers reported seeing other aircraft in the sky during their incidents, and all three reported the times at somewhere between 18:30 and 18:50, lasting from 5-10 mins in duration. ((NUFORC Note:  Dates of the sightings may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  We have requested that he submit multiple reports, each with its own separate form.  PD));30.4212;-86.8926
refers to siting above....object moved....;2006-07-18 01:15:00;occuring now;((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates flawed date.  Possible hoax, but we cannot be certain.  PD)) refers to siting above....object moved.... mailed an hour ago.....object has moved in an unbelievable fashion from one location to a very far location in the sky at a scientific unexplainable speed in time.....truly am amazed and shocked......lights are still changing color and blinking then solid bright clear white light.  Sincerely.  skeptic in florida ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));30.4212;-86.8926
No smoke trails or sound.  Traveling incredibly fast.;2012-06-30 23:00:00;15 minutes;No smoke trails or sound.  Traveling incredibly fast. Never really been a believer of UFO sightings until last night.  Was with my father at a bar near the beach.   We saw 1 orange light going around 500 mph with NO SMOKE TRAIL or sound. Approximately 10 minutes later 2 orange lights appeared in formation.  None had a smoke trail.   My father is a Pilot in the Air Force and he had absolutely no idea what they were.   Again, no smoke trails and no sound at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));30.4212;-86.8926
