THE LIGHTS WAS RED, GREEN, BLUE,AND STAYED IN ONE SPOT. (U.F.O.);2005-11-07 20:00:00;5-8mins;THE LIGHTS WAS RED,GREEN,BLUE,AND STAYED IN ONE SPOT.(U.F.O.) I WAS TAKING MY DOG OUT AND I LOOK UP AND THERE WAS THESE LIGHTS IN THE SKY, THEY WERE JUST SITTING THERE. THE LIGHT LOOK WHITE, BUT WHEN I PLAYED THE TAPE BACK THE LIGHTS WAS RED,BLUE,GREEN,WHITE.I HAVE IT ON TAPE;30.4212;-86.8926
Nighttime one second observation of low level black silent triangle with lights over Gulf coast;2007-01-14 21:50:00;one second;Nighttime one second observation of low level black silent triangle with lights over Gulf coast We were staying at the Best Western Motel, 8697 Navarre Parkway (Highway 98), in a second story room overlooking the sound to the south (and the Gulf beyond.)  I was standing on the balcony just outside the room door at the railing watching the sky.  It was very quiet and the only noise to be heard was from small waves rippling against the beach below.  There was a very light breeze at the time.  There was broken, widely scattered, low level cloud cover-- very thin, wispy clouds, and stars were visible for the most part through them.  (It was difficult to estimate the actual altitude of the clouds, as they reflected the glare of the city on the underneath side and it made them seem as if they wer 500 to 1,000 feet up however, similar clouds observed during daylight appeared to be 3,000 to 5,000 feet in altitude.) There was no moon, and the sky, particularly directly overhead, was otherwise crystal clear.  Horizontally, visibility out to the gulf was unlimited.  This was the second successive evening that I had stood on the balcony watching the sky for any action (I know this area experiences  a high number of UFO reports.)  I suddenly noted movement to my left.  I observed a triangular black craft at approximately at the 11:00 o'clock position to my left.  The craft had a single white light at each corner and a slightly larger, brighter light in the center.  The craft's corner lights were relatively brighter than the other stars.  The craft was approximately 75 to 80 degrees above the horizon and was proceeding in a straight line due west.  I observed it as it crossed my field of view until it was obscured by clouds at approximately the 2:00 o'clock position to my right. The craft traversed this space in approximately one second and was completely silent.  There were no other lights, e.g., red/ green wingtip running lights, otherwise visible.  The craft was flying above the clouds, but appeared to be at a relatively low level of altitude.  Again, it was very difficult to estimate accurately, but if I had to guess, I would say absolutely no higher than 5,000 feet.  I immediately raised my arm to estimate the approximate size of the craft by spacing my fore finger and thumb.  I did this repeatedly and concluded an approximate width of one and 1/4 to one and 1/2 inches.  I continued to watch but did not again see the craft, and within 30 minutes the cloud cover continued to build to the point that further observation was pointless.  During a three day stay in Navarre, I also observed a variety of Navy military aircraft in the vicinity, including Huey med-evac choppers, Marine Sea Stallion choppers, and an executive jet skimming the coast line.  All aircraft flew at relatively low levels, 1,000 to 3,500 feet.  Navarre lies between Pensacola Naval Air Station and Eglin/ Hurlburt Air Force Base, and a wide variety of military aircraft fly in the area daily, both day and night, including the USAF F-117 Stealth Fighter.  The area is also known for conducting a wide variety of research and development activities, tests, evaluations, etc.  I don't think the craft I observed could have been an F-117, as its shape varied (more triangular) and there were no running lights.  While the Stealth i sconfigured to fly with minumum engine noise, there was absolutely no sound from this craft, and at that altitude in such a quiet setting, I believe I would have heard a jet engine.  By way of background, I am 62, a retired Air Force officer (Lt. Col., 25 years service) and have observed a wide variety of aircraft, US and allied, military and civilian, under varying conditions.);30.4212;-86.8926
Triangle glided over bilboard by my house for 8 scnds then vanished, pursued by 8 emergency vehicles.;2013-06-01 23:00:00;10-15 seconds;Triangle glided over bilboard by my house for 8 scnds then vanished, pursued by 8 emergency vehicles 	I was smoking a cigarette in my back yard at night.  Suddenly everything went kind of silent and I had what I can only describe as a primal fear response.  Something just told me to get inside. 	As i walked up my five steps to the  backdoor, I noticed lights in my right peripheral vision.  I thought it might have been a  cargo plane, but as I turned to focus on the  lights I immediately realized it was not any  kind of conventional aircraft. 	It was illuminated by a bill board  allowing me to see the entire craft.  It was  illuminated by a billboard on the side of hwy 98  so i assume it was over santa rosa sound (i  live right by santa rosa sound on the other side  of hwy 98). 	It was huge, dwarfing the billboard  sign.  It had a white light on each corner of the  craft and an orangish reddish orb on the bottom  center.  I saw a row of smaller white lights  going down the side.  The body of the thing was matte black colored or very dull charcoal  grey.It was exltremely slow moving, maybe 2mph  from my point of view.  It looked like it just  floated kind of.Its direction was west to east. All of this lasted for about only 8 seconds, i was still standing on the top step of my  stairs.  At this point i was in complete shock and  felt as though all the blood had just left my  body.  My memory gets kind of blurry here because  of the adrenaline going on, but i openend the  door and yelled for my mom (im 22).  By the time i  looked back and my mom got outside  it was  absolutely gone.  And i mean this thing was HUGE  and just gliding completely silently pretty close to my house only seconds ago and then it was gone?! 	 We stayed out there looking for about one minute and then eight trucks of some kind  came flying down the highway,all with their red emergency lights flashing on top. They were  traveling together like a convoy in the same direction and location where i last saw this  triangle craft. 	It is important to note that i live  right by the southern boundary of Eglin Airforce  Base.  Also, the night before this me and my  mother witnessed a strange light at a much greater distance.  The bottom line is this thing  was huge, silent, moved impossibly slow, and was  something that  is absolutely unknown to me. 	I am a college educated young man and i do not do any drugs.I'm an avid fisherman and  living right by Eglin i've seen everykind of aircraft they've got, but this was simply life-  changing.  I would like to know if anybody else  reported this on June 1st because it was so  close and enormous and slow i know other people  had to see it.  If it weren't for my mother witnessing the convoy vehicles with flashing lights pursuing this, i would probably question my sanity.  It was simply surreal and amazing and i will NEVER forget this until the day that i die. PS I made a sketch that could be provided.;30.4212;-86.8926
