Perfect circle saucer with massive green, red, and blue lights flies right over my head on sleepy road at night.  ((anonymous report));2016-09-07 22:15:00;7-8 minutes;Perfect circle saucer with massive green, red, and blue lights flies right over my head on sleepy road at night. I was driving on 684 South and immediately upon passing White Plains Airport, after realizing it was a beautiful clear night, I decided to look up into the sky.  After seeing 2 sets of planes that were very close to each other and not making anything of it I saw another object just a little bit above and to the right of the right two planes that were in my field of view.  Staring at this object for the first 10 seconds I didn't think much of it other than that it looked like a plane on it's side.  It was the exact shape of a cross and at the ends of the vertical line which was longer than the horizontal line intersecting right above the middle point, there were two abnormally bright red lights at each end.  On the horizontal line there were smaller white lights on each end.  This very clearly formed a cross shape to any observer who had the same point of view.  My first guess was that it was someone flying a private plane on it's side and was therefore waitin! g for it to eventually turn into the traditional horizontal form that a plane displays. I decided to speed up on the road since this object was just sitting in the sky and looked a little bit bigger than the average size of a visible plane.  Upon making a left turn towards Purchase the object started to move and dropped down rather quickly diagonally to the left and very clearly was heading in the same direction that I was about to.  After making my left turn I sped up and tried to keep up with this light, never once losing sight of it, still having the cross shape and red and white lights.  I realized now that this was definitely very odd and bigger than I would have guessed.  Still, never in my life would I have guessed that I was about to see what I did in about 1- 2 minutes.   As the object started to be buried by the upper foliage of the trees on the right of my road I watched it's light pattern glowing and dipping down suddenly to the right.  At this point I said scre! w it, I'm not going to Purchase, this is weird, I'm going to s! ee what the hell this is if I can.  I sped up as fast as I reasonably could and made the first right that came about on this road.  Finding a right turn I immediately jumped into it and started to slow down so that I could keep track of this glowing light that was still piercing and poking through the foliage of the forest like area of Harrison.  At this point I was driving about 5-10 miles per hour so I could gage where the object was going since I was so worried I was going to overshoot it and miss it forever.  About 10-15 seconds onto this road a car pulled in and I started to have to drive faster since it was tailgating me.  Driving fast and starting to shake a little bit, all the while constantly ducking under the windshield of my car and looking out the left side I kept track of this mysterious light.  Finally after about 15-20 seconds the car behind me made a left turn and I was able to slow back down.  Almost immediately within seconds, on my left the glowing light was seen ! to pierce through the trees and foliage and to my amazement I had a realization that I was going to see whatever this thing was.  Instantly the light got bigger and very red, white and a little bit of yellow, and all of a sudden, so big and boom....right over the trees on my left side...for a solid 2 seconds I saw a massive perfect circular disk with 8-10 massive crystal clear, blue, green, and red circular lights encased within the the circumference of the underside which now covered up about 75 percent of my field of view.  Shaking beyond belief, with my jaw dropped, I had not a single thought other than that I saw a perfect flying saucer fly right over my head as clear as day.  The lights were absolutely huge and the hood of my car and nearby area of the road and trees were lit up in glowing rainbow like colors.  As it passed over me and over the trees on my right I drove faster while simultaneously looking backwards and watched it clear the trees and spin out behind it ! and to the right in a circular motion.  I sped up in my car, r! ealizing this could have been the dumbest thing I've ever done and made the first left turn I found.  While turning around in the cul de sac I immediately grabbed my phone and called my friend and told them to go outside and see if they could see anything, as I was freaking out more than I could ever have imagined in my life.  Darting back up the road I watched the light pass through the foliage on my left side and start to disappear.  Upon getting back to the main road where I initially made the off course decision to chase this thing down, I lost all sight of it for good.  I never once expected to ever see that, and had I known that I would have seen a saucer over my head with perfectly clear colored circular lights in a circle underneath it, I never would have tried to follow it.   I would also like to note that this object made absolutely no sound.  This is singlehandedly the strangest thing that has ever happened to me and I hope it never happens again.  Haven't been able to sl! eep the past 4 nights.  Hope to hear that someone else caught sight of this so that I may have any validity here. If only I had another witness.  Truly horrifying. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.9715;-73.722
