Flashes of light;2003-12-27 18:00:00;a few seconds;Flashes of light I didn't actually see it, my husband and his brother did.  They were walking outside to the car when it happend.  They saw a light (they described it to me as looking kind of like a laser)... it went back and forth a few times extremely fast then it dissapeared.  This happend three times.  They came back inside to take me with them in the car, thats how skared they were.  When I went outside they even saw it again (this being the third time) I did not see it, they said it was happening right by the moon.  The whole time we were in the car I kept looking for it, but I didn't see anything.  I'm glad I didn't because I probably would of had a heart attack! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness remains anonymous.  Perhaps a high-energy laser beam??  PD));42.1845;-88.3266
Small town Lake in the Hills, IL sees triangle formation similar to the ones over Tinley Park 4 years ago,;2008-08-31 21:00:00;2-5 minutes;Small town Lake in the Hills, IL sees triangle formation similar to the ones over Tinley Park 4 years ago, I was with my girlfriend walking towards sunset park in Lake in the Hills, IL, and we were walking towards the carnival there to go see the fireworks. I looked up and pointed out a plane (so i thought) to my girlfriend, that was red in color. I then saw another one following it which looked identical. We both decided it wasn't a plane since an acutal plane passed it and it didn't have the same color, and plus it was at least 2 or 3 times smaller than the 2 redish orange lights. Once the plane passed a third red light came out from behind the trees and there these fireball looking shapes were following each other in a triangular formation. I later exclaimed how they almost looked like fire over a piece of paper flying through the sky. They appeared to move out of the South, and out Northwest. My girlfriend had told me it was even more strange when she saw the 3rd one because she was watching a thing on dateline that day about UFO's and how there was one case in Tinley Park, and those also formed a triangle pattern, and were pretty much an identical case. When I went home that night, and looked it up, I found the video: http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/24695796/?pg=14#DTL_10UFO The video on dateline about the Tinley Park triangle, and I have to say it's creepy to see the IDENTICAL image of these 3 orange balls of light flying through. Anywho, if you watch the video you'll get an Idea of what me, my girlfriend, my mom, my brother, and a ton of other random observers at the fair saw last night on the 31st.;42.1845;-88.3266
7  glowing red lights  Lake in the Hills IL;2011-08-26 21:00:00;10-15 minutes;7  glowing red lights  Lake in the Hills IL My  Wife and I were coming home from a high school football game.  As we were going north on Haligus Rd. Lake in the Hills,I L. we looked to the east and saw these seven bright round yellow /  orange lights hovering in the sky. They had a bright center with a halo around them.  We first thought they  were lights in park.  As we got closer to the park at Haligus and Miller we stopped to get a better look.  The formation was three in a cluster to the north and four spread out what looked to be on a slant to the south.  As we were watching the formation they started moving to the north, merging two by two, and then disappeared.  The last light then went into the distance and disappeared.;42.1845;-88.3266
Started as one light and then split into 3, one heading north, one heading west, and one heading east;2018-07-18 03:30:00;30-60 minutes;Started as one light and then split into 3, one heading north, one heading west, and one heading east At 3:30am Chicago time I was getting out of my car to head inside from getting home from work.  I sometimes look up and enjoy the view of the stars and I also do this because of when I get home.  This morning I got out of my car and noticed what appeared to be a star. After observing it for a minute it split into 3 lights.  One moving to the north, one to the East and one to the west. The brightest of the 3 headed north.  The one that headed east I lost track of once it got into the tree line.  After about what felt like forever which was actually about 1-2 minutes the 2 I could still see stopped.  I ran inside to grab my camera to get a video of it.  When I returned outside I noticed one of them heading west, south west and managed to get a video of it moving through the sky.  I lost track of that one once it hit the tree line.  The other two stayed in the same spot for a little while longer.  The bright one that headed north would move then stop, then move again.  It looked as if it was moving northward.  The other one started to move back and forth as if it were shaking.  ' After about 20 minutes, they stopped moving.  I stayed outside for about a 30 minutes after the last sign of movement.  After that finial 30 minutes passed there was no longer any movement in the sky as if it never happened.;42.1845;-88.3266
