Night-time flight of lights changes formation suddenly.;1977-03-15 22:00:00;7 seconds;Night-time flight of lights changes formation suddenly. i became an amateur astronomer around the age of 14.  One night, I was outside with my 8 Cave newtonian telescope when my father came out to tell me it was time to go in.  I happened to look to the north-east and saw a V-shaped formation of lights moving in a westerly course.  I knew that the LAX flight corridor is in the same area but I had never seen a flight of planes in that corrider as it is for heavies only, and not for military planes.  I told my father to look at the formation.  It moved to the western horizon and dissappeared into the L.A. light pollution in about 7 seconds.  That was faster than any jumbo jet would have moved in that corridor, and it made no sound.  I could always hear the jets flying by but these made no sound.  The best part was that as my father and I watched, the V-shaped formation suddenly shifted.  It seemed as if each light flew across the path of the others and it became a stright-line (line-abreast) formation.  The change was almost instantaneous, but slow enough for us to see them move.  We looked at each other knowing that military planes don't fly in the LAX approach corridor and they sure don't switch formation like that, especially at night. Plus they made absolutely no sound we would have heard that many military jets.   Like I stated earlier, I am an amateur astronomer and have seen everything under the night sky, from flocks of geese, to meteors, to planes, to balloons, and this was none of the above.  I had another experience like this but I'll submit it as a separate incident. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  One of two excellent reports submitted by same witness, who appears to us to be an excellent witness.  PD));33.9337647822061;-117.884808619091
I briefly saw a formation of lights over norht Orange County, California late Sunday night, July 20, 2004.;2004-06-20 22:15:00;2 seconds;I briefly saw a formation of lights over norht Orange County, California late Sunday night, July 20, 2004. I was driving West on Imperial Highway in Brea, California, after having turned left from going northbound on Kraemer Boulevard.  There are a lot of shopping center lights and traffic lights around there, but as I was looking up and towards the west at either of the first two upcoming traffic lights - I don't remember precisely where I was along this stretch of Imperial Highway - I was startled to see a formation of lights gently angling from the southeast to the northwest, and from there, symmetrically back to the northeast.  There were about seven lights making up the south-lying line, and one or two making up the north-lying line.  There seemed to be one light at the tip, but it may have been my mind filling that spot in with a light.  It was like seeing a marqueed side and tip of a triangle pointing and possibly also moving in the sky in the same direction in which I was moving in my car.  I would estimate that the lights were located above Brea, La Habra, or Whittier.  The color of the lights was uniform - a pinkish gold, similar to street or parking lot lights.  The size of each light was not impressive - about the size of a light from an airplane or jet.  It was the formation of these lights that was startling.  The lights moved completely uniformly, causing me to think that they formed the perimeter of a dark triangular or arrow-shaped object in the sky.  The formation disappeared in a couple seconds, and did not reappear.  I called my brother on my cell phone as I arrived home because he believes in UFOs and I don't.  I decided to go back to the intersection where I turned left to see if I could reproduce the optical illusion, and he agreed, asking me to be careful driving.  I retraced my path, but the second time I saw no such formation in the sky, nor could I see how any reflections or glare from Kraemer Boulevard to Placentia Avenue, looked anything like the formation I undoubtedly saw earlier.;33.9337647822061;-117.884808619091
