I was behind my house, having a cigarette on the patio around our pool. I casually looked in the sky as I normally do, and noticed a ve;2008-04-21 21:45:00;20 Min;I was behind my house, having a cigarette on the patio around our pool. I casually looked in the sky as I normally do, and noticed a very bright flickering star that was emitting blue and red lights. I stared at the object for a few seconds and saw it start to move in a zig-zag motion towards the northeast. I continued to watch the object, while another witness came outside and I alerted her to the object. She watched the object for a few minutes when it began to move again. The object would sporadically move up and down or left to right , and even looped in a horizontal circle several times. The object would stop abruptly without any inertia from the previous motion. The object made these movements in every direction, but would only move either vertically or horizontally at a time. For a few minutes I was under the expression it was in a scanning motions, which the lights were apparently scanning the area around the object. I alerted a third witness who also noticed the motions. The object moved around very randomly in the southwestern sky. The lights would dim and grow brighter. And twice I saw a red glow shoot out from the object horizontally and disappear. It appeared to be turning itself , while the body was moving as well. The lights appeared to be facing one direction but would change very quickly as it turned. The object then would stop, and move quickly off and on for several minutes. The objects movement was almost too small to notice , except for a few drastic movements that made  us gasp aloud. The object then stopped moving and slowly dimmed as it drifted west. The object was visible for about another hour, but did not make any movements in that time. The object faded from our site around 23:15. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));41.4406385869563;-82.1584385869567
