Daylight sighting of squashed football shaped, silver object  just above tree tops in heavily traveled area.;2004-03-15 13:30:00;20 minutes;Daylight sighting of squashed football shaped, silver object  just above tree tops in heavily traveled area. I’d like to first say that I’m 62 years old, and not at all prone to either lying, or confabulation. I’ve not embellished this account in any way.  This event took place at approximately 1:30 pm in the afternoon.  Approximately 4 years ago I was driving  west along El Camino in Burlingame, CA. when I happened to glance off to my left, and noticed what appeared to be a large water tower perched on top of the bluff line. There’s a long row of hills that parallels El Camino…where all the rich folks live.  My curiosity was peaked. It seemed odd to me that I’d never seen it before, and also odd that it was even there. I hadn’t seen such a water tower since leaving the Midwest many years ago.  Since I was driving, while trying to explain this to myself, I couldn’t see it clearly. I was on my way to Albertson’s to cash in a bunch of loose change in their coin machine. I pulled into the lot, and maneuvered myself so I could see the object/tower more closely.  It was then that I realized that this ‘thing’ was NOT a water tower. It was hovering just above the trees, and appeared to have just come out of a very dark, stormy, cloud front that was hanging along the ridge crest. These cloud banks are very common here as this was the last storm of the season.  I was able to get a very good idea of its size/shape because it was so close to the top of the trees, and only a few blocks away. I’d say it was anywhere between 50 feet to 75 feet in diameter. It had a dull, but reflective surface. It sort of looked like old metal. There were absolutely NO protrusions, windows, lights, or any other markings on it that I could see. It was perfectly smooth and shaped like a giant, somewhat flattened football, but with the ends distinctly rounded off.  As I watched, it began moving…VERY slowly. It hugged the tree tops as it came forward, and down. It moved closer until it was only about two blocks away. It was extremely clear! There was absolutely NO fuzziness about it. There was no noise that I could hear.  It continued to move down the hillside towards me, and then stopped briefly…still only a few feet above the houses. Then, it began to move to my left. Again, it was moving ever so slowly. I watched it until it went across a well traveled main road, and then disappeared behind a large business building.  Now, all that being said, the most interesting thing about my sighting was that NO ONE else seem to be seeing it! NO ONE stopped to look, and it appeared that no one was even seeing it except for me!?!?  I watched the papers for days afterward to see if it had been reported by anyone else. It never showed up in the papers.  Another odd aspect to my sighting is this: I’m an avid UFO inquirer, and have been since I was a teenager, and some friends of mine once had an experience that freaked them out. This was  in McPherson, Kansas, circa 1961. So…  …why didn’t I jump in my truck and pursue it? Here’s what I was subjectively thinking/feeling…  That it was trying to lure me, and I felt quite apprehensive/vulnerable. I felt as though maybe this was some kind of test. I felt that I was the only one that was supposed to see it. Yes, I know this sounds odd, but it’s the truth. Instead of chasing it, I went into the store to do my business.  For the record, I’ve only had one other close-up, interactive sighting in my life. That’s another story!;37.5671901408451;-122.365621126761
