The family packed up to see the tradition light in our area. I download my iPhone photos and to see my surprise I saw a cluster of 3 wh;2011-12-11 07:18:00;10 minutes;The family packed up to see the tradition light in our area.  I download my iPhone photos and to see my surprise I saw a cluster of 3 white lights high above. I was taking photos using the passenger mirror. This is no trick.  Also I seen a orb on 12/3/2011 next to a charter plane.  Near Portland airport. Sighting Time: 7:16pm Day/Night:  Nighttime   No. of Witnesses:  1 Duration: 1 minute   Appearance / Description of Object(s)  cluster of 3 balls of light UFO in the sky behind us.   When I looked at it taking photo's it was so blurry it was pulsating. Just all 3 big balls of light together.  No unusual sounds.  There were no beams at the time just what I described. It didn't move by the photo's. Size of Object(s)  The scale of the one light, comparing to a plane just over my head just about tree level was around the size of a street light.  There was no outline of wings of blinking lights nor a red blinking light. Description of Area / Surroundings We are near a think rural area.  Close to Route 112 about a block over.  There was no street light there or that even can be that height. Also the nearest airport is 3.5 miles.  It is a charter plane airport only. Full Description & Details I am educated in the UFO and abductions for 6 years now.  This year is the first experience I had 3 so far with in 2 months.  I am a amateur photographer as well and have a sharp eye. The family on 12/11/2011 stopped at a house full of lights.  It probably lit up the sky!  We are near a think rural area. We were near Route 112 north about a block over.  There was no street light there or that even can be that height. It was 7:16pm.  No moon. Clear sky, a few stars. We were listening to music.  Everything was working in the van and running.  I put down my window where it was a unusual warm December. I put the side window down.  The kids were pointing and looking out our van window. I thought it was cute so I took many photo's less than 1 minute.  I do remember quickly, only because I was into watching and listening my kids. The object in the sky in the mirror was very blurry to the naked eye. It was pulsating. Just said to myself, what the heck is that. So I ignored it. The closet thing I can describe was a strobe light. I have seen all planes shapes and sizes. During the day and night. For 3 years I even lived next to a airport. I know it was no plane. There was no outline of wings of blinking lights nor a red blinking light. Just all 3 big balls of light together. No unusual sounds outside. I download them and always delete no good photo's. To my surprise, there it was clear as day a I got 7 total with the mirror shot. The first one the UFO is not there. Then the next 6 in the mirror there is a cluster of 3 white lights, and what the camera got was a clear shot of it. Can sighting be explained as any conventional man-made or natural object? no, I seen them all in the sky night and day and know there sounds. I seen a commit and watch satellites as well. Witness Background I have my HS diploma. I took 2 year of business clerical. I flagged for about 3 years. I am a artist and photographer. I love details in all art work. I am married for 10 years and love being a mom /HM. I hope someday to volunteer for my area. Views on UFOs, before and after sighting I am educated in the UFO and abductions for 6 years now. This year is the first experience I had 3 so far with in 2 months. my first was 2005. I was looking at stars and seen one star same color and size, move close to another star and at the same time they took off in a blink of an eye. I always believe, even as a child growing up in a sheltered life. I just know. I read all reports and books on the subject and want to work in this field down the road. I also watch many tv shows about real sightings. I will also add my other photo's another day. There's something going on in Maine. I also seen a report and a photo of a UFO on 12/11/2011. I also studying when I can on Ancient History, abductions. I am a amateur photographer as well and have a sharp eye.;43.5247999999996;-70.4559000000006
