Diamond-shaped flying object with lights at the corners, near Bloomsburg, PA, travelling NNW, lasted from about 23:00 to 23:10.;2006-01-26 23:00:00;10 minutes;Diamond-shaped flying object with lights at the corners, near Bloomsburg, PA, travelling NNW, lasted from about 23:00 to 23:10. We noticed a very bright star-like object just over the horizon in a SSW direction at about 11:00 PM.  I had been looking at Orion (it was a very clear night) and noticed that the object was sustantially brighter than other stars.  My wife also noticed it when she came outside.  Then our two friends also started studying it.  We weren't sure if it was moving, but we all watched it for about a minute or two and realized that it was heading towards us.  From that point of view, it just appeared to be three very bright lights.  I went inside for my binoculars and by the time I got back downstairs, they were yelling that it was over the house.  I went outside and my friend said it seemed to be diamond-shaped.  I focused my binoculars on it and I could make out four bright lights, one at each corner (or possibly several small lights at each corner).  It was definitely diamond-shaped, I could just make out it's outline, but I couldn't see any fine details such as texture or any contours on its belly.  As it continued moving, one of  the lights dimmed and then was no longer visible (I assume they were directional lights, maybe), but we could still see the other three.  It continued moving in a NNW direction until it was out of sight.  This event happened over a time period of about 10 minutes.  It was never really directly over our house, but I would estimate that it passed over the the small town of Espy, through my neighborhood and continued over the I-80/Rt 487 interchange.  I can not say for sure, but it seemed like it was only several hundred feet off the ground at the most.  I could not give a good estimate of its size.  I did not notice it making any sound during this time, but afterwards, my friend said he thought he remembered hearing a humming sound.  If its direction remained constant, I would estimate that it came from near Mainville and continued on towards Millville.  The following day, a coworker of mine told me that he and his wife witnessed a bright flash in the sky near Millville that same night at about 9:00 PM (two hours earlier than my experience).  He had no explanation for the flash, but they both thought it seemed strange at the time.;41.0106;-76.4441999999999
