brown dot reflective object hovering, then speeding off to the northwest, elon university.;2001-11-09 09:25:00;3 minutes;brown dot reflective object hovering, then speeding off to the northwest, elon university. At approximately 9:25 am EST I was saw a brown object over head to the nw as I am walking past the Alamance Building at Elon University.  I asked another passer by if he could see it and he said no, although I could still see it. As I was pointing out the object, it starts to speed toward the northwest, beyond some trees which obstructed my view, so I was not able to track it. Incidentally, there were brown leaves falling from the trees, but I could tell the difference between this object and the brown leaves.  It was sort of brown in color, with just a hint of a reflective surface.  It did not make any detectable sound, and I estimate its height was about 1000 or 2000 feet, although, since it look like it was small.  I put down circle, but really it was just a dot since I could not make out any details besides it was brown and seemed to reflect sunlight.  Hope somebody can verify aircraft in the region of Elon University, either meteorologist or air traffic. I did see a plane about 10 or fifteen minutes later, heading north east, but that was way past the time the unidentified object was out of the vicinity as far as I could tell. Incidentally, I am a skeptic about extra terrestrial craft, but I have seen Unidentified Flying Objects two other times before that had puzzling flight activity. This the first one I have seen during the day. Thank You For Your Time.;36.1065;-79.5072
Red light moved slowly at low altitude in the sky at northeast tip of Alamance County, NC.;2014-01-01 00:05:00;2 minutes;Red light moved slowly at low altitude in the sky at northeast tip of Alamance County NC My wife and my self an aviation mechanic observed a Circular bright red object which moved slowly across sky in the north east tip of Alamance county at caswell county line heading south toward Burlington, NC.  Silent with nothing but a single red glow.  After 1 minute of spotting the object noticed sound from approaching jet which lowered altitude enough to see wing and tail strobe lights.  It seemed to follow it for about 30 seconds at low altitude then red light disappeared.;36.1065;-79.5072
