circular object turning orange as it sped away very quickly.;2000-09-21 13:30:00;five to ten seconds;circular object turning orange as it sped away very quickly. i was headed north on I-65 interstate toward franklin ky.  i notice a round object in front of me high in the air.  the sun had just hit upon it and this is when i noticed it.  i drove down the road looking for and airplane in the sky but it had already disappeared.   this is not my first encountered with a ufo. in 1968 while in the service and stationed in blytheville arkansas i saw a round object in the sky while waiting for a ferry boat  crossing the mississippi river. it looked like a star at first and i looked at the object while i was on the boat and noticed it went below the treeline and i couldn't see it andy more until i got of the boat about 2 miles and it came upon me.  it followed me for 5 or 10 minutes. then it started to getting real close perhaps 75 yards.  i had spotlights on my car and started shining it on the object. i stopped my car and turned off the motored to see if i could hear anything but there was no noise.  i kept my spotlight on it and would blink it three times and on the third time it would light up the entire area below it.  after 2or 3 minutes it moved and away in a quick way turning and orange color.  it disappeared until i turned off the interstate and was on the bridge of the highway when it dove straight at me. that is when it  scared me because it was headed toward and dove down toward the bridge but not under it but swarved and headed back out to space turning this orange color again.  i went to the air base and gave my account to someone on the phone  and that was it .;36.5686;-86.5142000000001
Addition to Orange/Red Orb July 4th 2011;2011-07-04 22:00:00;approximately 1 minute;addition to Orange/Red Orb July 4th 2011 Outside, observing small fireworks that neighbors were firing.  Noticed reddish orange circular object that just looked different than airplanes, straight ahead, north of our home, moving south south west.  My dad was a pilot and we watched planes from the time I was very young.  As the object was passing to the west of us, I walked out to the road to get a better view as it moved southwest, thinking we would see blinking lights of an aircraft as it passed us, as many times the blinking lights are not viewable until they pass by at a different vantage point.  There were no blinking lights from the three vantage points as it passed.  There was some smoke in the air, so we also assumed that the smoke may have had an effect on the light we were seeing.   The illuminated object remained the same size at all vantage points, about 2 times larger than the bright light of a lowflying aircraft.  The light emanating had a shimmery effect. The color was a bright orange red but! again the object had a different shimmery effect, as if there was motion in the light, not clear cut points of light.  The other witness described the object as flying up into the atmosphere.   The light seemed to fade away as it moved southwest, though it seemed to be much closer to us, lower altitude than the other aircraft that were also in the sky at the time.  The other aircraft in the sky were easily viewable, along with their blinking lights, not an orange/red color and seemed to be at higher altitudes than the unknown object.   We were very perplexed because the object was just not the norm and even though it was the 4th of july and their was a bit of smoke in the air, it didn't add up...given us comparing the unknown object with other known objects visable at the same time. Still on my mind, decided to look up other possible reports and my goodness there are many!;36.5686;-86.5142000000001
Orange/Red Orb July 4th 2011;2011-07-04 22:00:00;approximately 1 minute;Orange/Red Orb July 4th 2011 Outside, observing small fireworks that neighbors were firing.  Noticed reddish orange circular object that just looked different than airplanes, straight ahead, north of our home, moving south south west.  My dad was a pilot and we watched planes from the time I was very young.   As the object was passing to the west of us, I walked out to the road to get a better view as it moved southwest, thinking we would see blinking lights of an aircraft as it passed us, as many times the blinking lights are not viewable until they pass by at a different vantage point.  There were no blinking lights from the three vantage points as it passed.   There was some smoke in the air, so we also assumed that the smoke may have had an effect on the light we were seeing.   The illuminated object remained the same size at all vantage points, about 2 times larger than the bright light of a lowflying aircraft. The light emanating had a shimmery effect.  The color was a bright orange red! but again the object had a different shimmery effect, as if there was motion in the light, not clear cut points of light.  The other witness described the object as flying up into the atmosphere.  The light seemeded to fade away as it moved southwest, though it seemed to be much closer to us, lower altitude than the other aircraft that were also in the sky at the time.   The other aircraft in the sky were easily viewable, along with their blinking lights, not an orange/red color and seemed to be at higher altitudes than the unknown object.  We were very perplexed because the object was just not the norm and even though it was the 4th of july and their was a bit of smoke in the air, it didn't add up...given us comparing the unknown object with other known objects visable at the same time.  Still on my mind, decided to look up other possible reports and my goodness there are many! ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE OF ORIGINAL REPORT)) Addition to report below, there was NO sound coming from the object & we heard noise from aircrafts at a much higher altitude about 5-10 minutes after the sighting: ((END ADDENDUM));36.5686;-86.5142000000001
