Moving northwest to east south east.  no strobe lights.  silent.  look and movement like a satellite, but much lower altitude and brigh;2013-06-23 21:15:00;2 minutes;moving northwest to east south east.  no strobe lights.  silent.  look and movement like a satellite, but much lower altitude and brighter.  single light. other aircraft visable in the area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));36.5686;-86.5142000000001
Six orange/red balls of light fly over the tree line and dissappear in the clouds;2013-07-04 22:50:00;20 minutes;Six orange/red balls of light fly over the tree line and dissappear in the clouds I was walking outside with my Grandma, Son, and Boyfriend when my boyfriend started shouting look, look, so I turned around towards the east and there were two orange/red balls of light flying very low and slowly over the tree line.   They were very close to each other like they were in formation the objects were coming from the East between Portland and Mitchellville Tn to the west towards Springfield Tn.   After they started to gain altitude one more came from the same direction and the first two got very dim and disappeared into a cloud.  After the third ball of light gained altitude a fourth came from the same direction in the same manner.   These bright balls of red/orange followed the same flight pattern except for the first two that flew together.  There were a total of six.  As far as the timing in between each I can’t tell you, but they were coming one after another and right before they would disappear the next one would show up.   For about 13 years, I use ! to live on the edge of the Dunnellon FL. Airport, were they trained acrobatic planes and I have never seen any normal planes fly that close to one another. There was absolutely no sound and I would think six planes one after another would be very noisy.   It was also very cloudy and we hadn’t seen any planes but heard a few earlier before this happened so, the orange/red balls were flying low enough beneath the clouds to see them.;36.5686;-86.5142000000001
2 brilliant lights.;2016-12-01 19:45:00;4 minutes +;2 Brilliant Lights Radiant white rather large light (larger than commercial jet landing lights, even at close proximity), with hints/twinkles of many colors.(NOT VENUS) A bit overwhelming to view. Different than landing lights on commercial jets. Stationary or very slow moving.  To the NNW of Portland TN.  Visible, heading from 52 West by I-65 Entrance headed towards Orlinda.  We were on way to airport so had to move on and leave without further investigating. Bright light really grabbed our attention and we were trying to figure it out, pulled over on entrance to I-65 to watch and a second brilliant light appeared out of nowhere to the left (South or West) of original light. Extremely clear skies tonight.  This light just blipped into existence unlike aircraft approaching from distances which can obviously be viewed for a while before lights become brighter. Same intensity and brilliance. It moved around the original light to the north and then back around towards  the west a! nd south and became dim.  At this point I thought we saw some flashing lights on the 2nd object as it headed south or south west.  Assumed possible military testing/training out of Clarksville.  The originally light stayed in place while the other circled around it (or looked to do so).  Maybe helicopters?  Either way, out of the ordinary - we come from an aviation family and are used to spotting all sorts of lights and craft.  Fun seeing something different!  We got fuzzy video after the 2nd light moved on --- it just popped out of nowhere, wish we could have gotten that on video- pretty impressive.;36.5686;-86.5142000000001
