There are several fast moving flashing lights that flash red, blue, white, and green lights, over portland TN at night. ((Stars??));2008-10-27 01:00:00;from 22:00 until we stop ;There are several fast moving flashing lights that flash red, blue, white, and green lights, over portland TN at night. I am 37 yrs old and the mother of two teenage boys. I have been married for a little over 10 years to my second husband and a little over 8 years to my first husband. I graduated high school in the top 10% of my class. Over my lifetime I have spent a lot, or more than average amount, of time looking at the stars at night because they have always fascinated me. What I have observed I started noticing about two weeks ago but I cannot tell you when the events actually started. While going outside at night to smoke, I ovserved some bright lights in the sky. These lights were brighter than any I have ever seen. They were also closer to the ground than any I have ever seen. Upon seeing the first one, I scanned the sky and I noticed that there were more and they were all doing the same things. I guess what caught my attention more than anything was the pattern that they were moving in the sky and that they strobed a light which at first glance reminded me of a plane in the night sky. So, because some of them were so close to the ground and moving erraticly and flashing funny, I started watching them. I then observed that these lights were not and could not be planes. They seemed to be moving back and forth and up and down and sometimes in a circle pattern and flashing a red, blue, white, and green lights. They were fast moving as well. Faster than anything I have ever seen. After about a week of seeing them I mentioned the matter to my husband. Later that day I mentioned it to my 15 yr old son. That same night, I went outside about 1am to smoke and my son was still up. I can inside and got him. He came outside with me and I pointed the lights out to him and he sat outside for more than 2 hrs watching them with me. He observed the same things I noticed. I had him tell me the specifics about their movements before I told him what I was seeing in detail because I wanted to know that I was actually seeing what I was seeing. He also noticed the exact movements and flashes of light that I was and he also observed that they could not be planed due to the fact that they were moving too fast and not in patterns that a plane makes or even could make. I laughed at first because I thought I was dreaming or just was not seeing what I thought I was seeing. I could draw a picture of the shape of the objects but typing or trying to put it into words just doesnt do them justice. They are beautiful and seem to change shape. They are in different areas of the night sky and seem to be operating in pairs. For everyone I see I will see another one close by making the same erratic movements with the same flashes of light. And sometimes they just disappear and reappear in the same spot in which they vanished. That about sums it up. I could keep typing but I would just seem to be repeating myself, so I will stop. I would like to know what these strange lights are. They have me worried about what is going on and at the same time fascinated as to what may be going on. I know what I see and I know that it is different from anything I have ever seen before.;36.5686;-86.5142000000001
