Yellow spheres over Ogallala;2011-07-04 22:31:00;2-5 minutes;Yellow spheres over Ogallala My husband and I were sitting on our deck watching the fire off their fireworks tonight and the first sphere we saw we thought was part of the fireworks but we noticed it never burned out or fell to the ground but stayed in the sky and traveled east to west in the southern sky.   About one to two minutes later we spotted another sphere traveling in the same direction at the same altitude and speed.   We followed it as far as we could but them lost it in the tree line.   They were both yellow speres, no sound, and traveled at the speed of a small plane.   We live close to the airport and we know the what small planes coming in to land look like and these we not planes.   They were very bright, no flashing lights, just a yellow spheres.   We have seen these before but have never seen them flying so low or so slow.;41.1236;-101.7083
orage spheres in sky over lake macconaghy;2011-09-03 22:00:00;5 minutes;orage spheres in sky over lake macconaghy two orange round glowing lights appeared suddenly over Lake macconaghy on a very clear night, could see all the starts.   They hoverered in place side by side, then moved laterally and then one disappeard, the other then went up vertically, and then disappeared.;41.1236;-101.7083
3 Sphereical Craft With Bright Red/Orange Corona In Formation Observed Over Ogallala Nebraska;2014-08-30 10:00:00;5 minutes;3 Sphereical Craft With Bright Red/Orange Corona In Formation Observed Over Ogallala Nebraska (Update: Saturday 30th of August 2014 at 8PM MST)  Just this Saturday 3 of these craft hovered over my house in Ogallala Nebraska for 4 to 5 minutes, 800 to 1000 feet was 2 of them, and the 3rd was 100 feet off the tops of the houses. They where so close, that they lighted up the tops of the houses and trees with a red orange glow. They where about 40 to 50 feet in Diameter Size of a small house. The craft at the center where spheres, and had an orange red arch welder like corona around the ships that extended out from the ship about 10 feet or so. These ships approached from the south Texas Area I Am Assuming As These Exact 3 Craft where sighted in Texas August 28th 2 days before they arrived in Ogallala and where headed over Ogallala in a northern heading at an extreme high rate of speed faster than a supersonic jet by far. Directly over my home, 2 of them came to an almost immediate stop. Amazing to think of the forces required to do this try slamming on your brakes in your car when your going 40 miles per hour and you will be violently thrown forward into the dashboard, now try to do this while going thousands of miles an hour and slamming on your brakes! Instant human jelly all over the dash board!. These craft purposely hovered over my house, and for 2 to 3 minutes made percision maneuvers and formation flying. The third vehicle was so low to the tops of the houses as to be actually below the tops of the trees. All 3 craft lighted up the night sky with a red/orange hue and glow. Also cast this glow onto the tops of my house and nearby tree tops and roofs of other houses. Then with utterly amazing speed they shot off north towards the resort lake here in ogallala nebraska, in which many many people must have seen these craft, because they where so bright, and doing such amazing things! Since seeing these craft I have learned that thousands of people have been seeing them over! the last several years in ever increasing numbers! In fact, G! oogle: & quotRed Globes In Sky and many hundreds of recorded and reported sightings have been uploaded to youtube and other websites of these vehicles in action! Where is the media and government on this??!! This is clearly happening on a massive scale over every major city in the United States and Globally!!! Clearly a massive media and government cover up of these Red Orange Orb Craft is now underway! The fact that these VERY SAME 3 craft where seen over Texas only 2 days before, means that who ever is piloting these craft ARE PURPOSELY MAKING THEMSELVES SEEN ALL OVER THE UNITED STATES! Who!? Why?! And where is the Government and Media on this obvious MASSIVE DISPLAY over America and Globally!!! And P.S., why in a obscure cow town in Mid-West Nebraska, did these space craft pick the home of the Chairman & CEO of the International Space Agency to specifically hover over! Hmm....?! Very Perplexing! My sighting was co-observed with a local resident of Ogallala who is my Neighbor, whose name is Kenny. This was confirmed by a good friend Les, who is with the Coast Guard on Lake Ogallala, who actually missed this amazing event by leaving my house only 3 to 4 minutes before these events unfolded. These are indeed some kind of ships, and ARE NOT Flying Lanterns or Comets or Helicopters or Aircraft! These craft where so close to us, we saw them very well indeed! And my background of 16 years in Military and Civilian Aviation, I KNOW WHAT IS SAW! Also I am a Scientist and have much knowledge of these things and events, and THEY ARE CRAFT! I do NOT believe they are under Human Control, other than that I am clueless!  https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLV46wzG5zHCPeVaN433uYLQfeO1VLZtTs  See the above video playlist. I am now searching out these craft on the internet and placing them in this play list. See anything that should be here, please contact me.&#65279 Thanks.  After they hovered over my house, they Headed Direct North to the Ogallala Lake. See other eye witnesses of this event here:  http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/ndxlNE.html  See the specifically Ogallala reports, also a number of other events at that time as well, in other places in Nebraska.  Here is another video list of these specific craft in operation. https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLTKzQhQZLybEqrI8jPLyivBQUlvZXZFD_  Ad-Astra! To The Stars! In Peace For All Mankind!  Humbly In Your Service  Truly, I Am, Mr. Rick R. Dobson, Jr. Chief Executive Officer -and- Chairman of the Board of Directors International Space Agency Corporation -and- Commanding Admiral International Space Administration  Omaha, Nebraska - ISA Administrative Offices: (402) 299-2799 Washington, D.C. - ISA Diplomatic Offices: (202) 917-0209 Colorado - ISA Research Center Offices - (303) 201-0148  Email: rick.dobson@international-space-agency.us Website: http://www.international-space-agency.us Email: washington@isa-hq.com  International Space Agency P.O. Box 541053 Omaha, Nebraska 68154 United States  NOTICE: International Space Agency, Inc. (United Space Federation, Inc.)  is a Non-Profit Corporation in New York State in the United States of America  The International Space Agency Organization was Founded in 1986, Incorporated in 1990, And is Presently Seeking International Charter & Treaty Status  NOTICE: International Space Agency, Names, Public Identity, Emblem's, Logo's, Are: Registered Trademark & Copyrights, 1986 to 2014 - All Rights Are Reserved  NOTICE: UNITED STATES FEDERAL ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION ACT - PROPRIETARY NOTICE: This message is intended only for the individual or entities to which it is specifically addressed, and may contain information, data, files that are classified, privileged, and confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, or recipient’s, you are hereby notified that any, and all, dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited, and you are requested to please notify us immediately of any misdirected or intercepted receipt of this communication, at our United States Administrative Offices, at (402) 299-2799, and to immediately purge this communication, and all attached or related information, data, files, or attachments.;41.1236;-101.7083
