Bright bell shaped object with pronounced light blue sphere shape encircling the bell with an amazing flying ability. ((Venus??));2005-11-09 18:30:00;1.5 hours;Bright bell shaped object with pronounced light blue sphere shape encircling the bell with an amazing flying ability. Approximately 1830 pm I pulled out of the company parking lot after work.  This company is located in Wolf Lake, Illinois.  I started for home turning left out of the company heading south on Highway 3 heading approximately 17 miles to Illinois 141 which heads west across the Bill Emerson Bridge into Missouri.  I noticed a very bright light in the sky that on first glance appeared to be a very bright star.  I went approximately 4 miles south and kept glancing at the light which was at approximately 3 o'clock out my passenger side window and noticed that the light appeared then to be moving south and was paralleling at what appeared to be the same rate of speed.  I was driving the speed limit which was 55 miles per hour for that highway.  The light was very bright and as I continued south the light almost seemed to wobble as it moved through the air.  My best quess at it's was maybe 1500 to 2000 feet off the ground.  The light seemed to almost stop at one point and when I would slow down it seemed as if it would too.  As I got further south the light appeared to speed up and eventually I was watching it at about 1:00 o'clock out of the windshield.  I watched it all the way to 141 and I turned due west on 141.  The light moved further south and west and it appeared to move over the Lonestar Concrete factory just south of Cape Girardeau and at that point I thought it must be a plane or chopper because this is the general direction of the Cape Girardeau Airport.  I never saw any aircraft blinking lights, it was a solid light with an erractic flying behavior.  At this point the light came back toward highway 141 and again seemed to parellel me as I crossed the Bill Emerson bridge.  I continued west toward Interstate 55 which is approximately 4 miles once you cross the bridge.  The light was south and slightly west but was moving back to the north as I neared the interstate.  Once I turned north onto I 55, the light then moved at a high rate of speed and again seemed to be parelleling me as I proceeded north on 55.  The light got much closer at this point and the appearance of wobbling as it moved was very visible and it began to take shape which was like a bell shape and at one point I could see a very distinct blue sphere of light encircling the bell shape.  I continued north bound now very intriqued as you can imagine and I kept my speed at 50 to 55 miles per hour because now the light was in 9 and 1000 o'clock window out my driver side door.  My intended exit was the Jackson Missouri/Fruitland exit which is my exit to go home in Jackson.  This is approximately 10 miles from Cape were I got on the interstate.  The light was very bright and would speed up and slow down and even hover almost as if it was regulating it's speed to keep up with me.  At this time I tried to call my wife to ask her to step out of our house and see if she could see the light although I doubt she could because the light was to low. I exited off I 55 and turned left heading back south into Jackson.  Now the light was about in my 12:00 o'clock position, very bright with the bell shape and the blue sphere.  As I drove south I tried to call my wife again.  This distance from the interstate to my turn off into my subdivision is approximately 4 miles.  The light then moved slowly to the west and I intentionally did not turn off at my subdivision because I wanted to see were the light would go.  I watched the light drift over the Jackson City Park which is near my house.  I then turned due west on route D in Jackson and drove about 1 mile turning left or south on to Broadridge.  The light drifted in front of me heading west and slightly south. There is a water tower on that side of the city and it made a great reference point as the light moved west of the tower.  I then turned immediately off of Broadridge onto a small dead end drive called independence medical street because it gave me a great viewing vantage point.  There were very few city lights to make it difficult to see the light.  The light then stopped south and west of me and south and west of the water tower.  It took on that distinct wobbling behavior and was very bright with the blue sphere intermitenly visible.  It should be noted that when I was on 141 I rolled my window down to hear if there would be any engine noise.  There wasn't.  And when I was watching the light from the last vantage point, I turned off my lights, turned off my truck, took the keys out of the ignition and I got out to watch and listen.. There was never any engine noise. At one point I turned my lights on and off and the light seemed to get brighter as if it was actually coming closer.  It stood stationary with only the wobbling effect and the appearance of moving slightly side to side.  It never moved for twenty minutes.  Finally the light appeared to move south and west and I lost sight of it.  I know it wasn't an aircraft (airplane or helicopter) nor was it a star or anything else like I've ever seen.… ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know for certain what the witness observed, but we note that Venus is VERY prominent in the southwestern sky, at present.  Unless the witness saw TWO very bright objects in the southwest sky, we have to wonder whether he might have been looking at Venus.  PD));37.3865999999999;-89.6530000000001
