I was sitting on my deck looking north with my Nikon binoculars (which are sharp enough to make out the Galilean moons of Jupiter).  I;2006-09-12 01:00:00;~1 minute;I was sitting on my deck, looking north with my Nikon binoculars (which are sharp enough to make out the Galilean moons of Jupiter).  I was trying to determine whether I could see Polaris or if it was obscured by distant trees, with the intent of calibrating my 10-inch Celestron on a future night, starting with Polaris.   While I was scanning that northern sky with the binoculars, a craft came into view.  It was a triangle, blacker than the background night sky.  There were white lights at each of the three corners and none elsewhere nor any of any other color.  The lights were not pinpoint lights but rather appeared to be large flat circles of light that appeared to be flush with the underside of the craft's body.   Above that triangular craft, there were two craft that were almost certainly smallish (perhaps military) jets flying a parallel course.  They were flying some significant distance apart but essentially lined up wingtip to wingtip.  Comparing the triangular craft to those jets indicated the craft was simply enormous--easily 2 to 3 times the length of an aircraft carrier.  There was no sound.   I am reporting it at this late date only because it's just tonight that I remembered there was an e-mail in my archive where I'd given a precise date to a friend about the sighting.   I spent 25 years in science and engineering as administrator overseeing many millions of research dollars on a wide variety of projects.  One proposal to DARPA (unfunded) just a couple of years before the sighting was for the construction of a similarly-large but entirely different sort of craft as something of an aerial aircraft carrier.  As far as I know, no such craft has been funded nor built, though I reckon it's possible and perhaps has not publicly disclosed.  I do know funding was given to a major corporation to explore potentional for such a craft.   I simply do not believe the craft was ours as there simply had not been enough time from that allocation of funding for such a craft to be designed nor even a prototype constructed.  I've no doubt the two jets were military and shadowing the triangle.  I'd read reports over the years of triangular craft so while I was excited to see such a thing, I was not really shocked or surprised.  I kept my binoculars trained on it until my view of it became obscured by the trees I reckoned might (and do) obscure Polaris from my backyard view.  I have several telescopes and several binoculars and have spent a *lot* of time under the night sky.  I've seen a few other unidentifiable things over the years, but nothing like this--an object that was *clearly* a craft of some type, obviously under intelligent control, in flight.  (And that flight seemed to be perfectly matched to the two jets overhead with neither the jets nor the triangle lagging or overtaking.);36.3951473684211;-97.899422368421
