2 unknown objects, moving @ incredible speed passed just feet above my car;1969-07-15 02:00:00;10 minutes;2 unknown objects, moving @ incredible speed passed just feet above my car this incident happened a long time ago, but has always bothered me because it was very frightening & unusual. there were three other people who witnessed this event with me. this is what occurred & i would really like to know if anyone has seen something simular.  my fiance, myself & another young married couple where driving up & down our local small southwestern town drag.  we decided to drive out to rural spot, located about 5 miles from where our friends lived.  it was a farmers field road, and there big soft sand dunes where we could sit & talk and listen to tunes.  it was a warm, clear night.  we got there about 11:00 pm & hung out until about 2:00 pm.  we were miles from town, so there were no other visible lights.  i was driving we left the field road & turned left onto a rurual dirt road.  about 25'down the road is a railroad crossing and as i approached the tracks, l ooking to the left, we all saw a very bright light, about 2 miles away, which we assumed to be a train approaching. my fiance said good, we have time to beat it across. i came within about six feet of the tracks,  the car dieseled & died, the lights & dash went dead as well, and the light that was so far from us was suddening right in front of us at incredible speed,  the light so intense & so bright we had to cover our eyes as it passed. we could see it was some kind of object elevated about 20' above us.  it only made a sound like wind blowing past us. it was gone so quickly, we just sat there ih the dark for a few moments trying to figure what the heck happened,suddenly, dipping along the same path was a bright neon blue sphere, encircled by small red arching lines, like a red laser pointer, just vibrating around it, maybe about six feet in diameter.  it stopped right in front of the car, hovering above us & then it expanded into a much larger probably 3 times it's original size & turned into a huge green pulsating ball.  then it just went straight up so fast it! seemed to disappear in the blink of an eye. seconds later the! headlig hts& dash lit up.  i put the car in park.  started the engine & floored it. we were all scared shook up.  we drove to our friends house where we all agreed not to tell anyone what we had seen.   my fiance & i spent the night there to afraid to drive into town in the dark. the next morning all of us noticed that we looked like we had mild sunburns.  we never spoke about this to anyone, nor talked about it to each other, but i have always wondered what it was and if anyone else had seen anything like this? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));36.3951473684211;-97.899422368421
Space object flies like warp speed across sky, stops, then goes another direction;2015-05-22 01:30:00;1 minute;Space object flies like warp speed across sky, stops, then goes another direction Before going to bed I had let my pup outside in the backyard.  Being a clear night I was checking out the stars/ constellations/ any satellites.  I've always been a star gazer and satellite watcher.  While looking in the southwestern sky (~ 30° up) what looked like a medium bright star/ satellite proceeded to race across the sky unbelievably fast!!!! (FYI ridiculously faster than a satellite which takes ~ 3 seconds to cross my extended thumb and ~ 60 seconds to cross same amount of sky this object did in only ~ 5 seconds!!!)  All I said was Holy Sh*t!!!!  It stopped on a dime in the northern sky.  Then after 20ish seconds it continued this time to the east. I lost it after a few seconds because of a large tree in the backyard.  This object looked to be clearly to me outside earth's atmosphere.  KPM   PS: If it's still posted, I originally reported this on the MUFON website a years ago (as being seen from nearby Lahoma, OK)  Only because I really had nothing more to add when contacted and felt odd even reporting, I noticed the MUFON rep responded to my experience as only being it was probably a satellite?  BS! Just because I had nothing more to add to a MUFON investigation don't refute/ question my report just because I didn't want them coming to my house. I'm educated w a past career (retired) requiring detail and observation when a mistake cost millions to my company.;36.3951473684211;-97.899422368421
