Bright star-like object appears during the day.;2005-03-12 12:15:00;3 minutes;Bright star-like object appears during the day. While outside working in the yard I looked up to to watch a Bi-plane fly overhead. It was coming from the north-west and looked to be on landing approach at the Ashland airport.  As the plane passed overhead I noticed an odd spherical object much higher in the sky. The object was chrome and looked like a bright star-though it was noon on a nearly cloudless day. The object seemed to fidget in the sky moving *slightly* in random directions. At first I thought this was simply the movement of a band of sirus clouds above it but when I lined up the clouds with a stationary treebranch above me the movement did not correspond. The size of the object is difficult to discern given I have no idea how high it was. After watching a jet aircraft fly over later I would say the object was about twice the size of a jet flying at 42,000ft. I left to get binoculars after watching it for about three minutes. The object was gone after I returned about five minutes later. I would stress that I never would have noticed this object had the plane not drawn my attention. The plane flew directly over head, bisecting my line of sight between myself and the object. Also, the object didn't appear odd to me until I ran out of explainations for what it could be. I took several digital pictures of the object from my camera phone though I havn't bothered to look at them as the resolution is very poor.;42.1889000000001;-122.6908
Brown spherical UFO seen in broad daylight;2005-06-18 11:00:00;30 Seconds;Brown spherical UFO seen in broad daylight I was attending Southern Oregon University graduation held on the SOU football field on Saturday, June 18, 2005.  Just as the ceremony ended the crowd of some 5,000 attendees was proceeding north toward the main platform.  I was headed in exactly the opposite direction toward the television remote truck, the event was broadcast on cable TV, to retrieve a piece of equipment I had loaned the production crew. It was a nearly cloudless day, the air was very clear and the sky was deep blue.  Out of the corner of my eyes I noticed something unusual seemingly floating north to south across the valley at about 500 feet altitude. I t was perfectly round, about 30-40 feet in diameter, brown like a basketball with no seams, it had no windows and it made no sound.  It looked like a dull brown ball, was completely smooth and devoid of any features.   What I saw was a silent brown ball slowly moving across the valley heading due south. There wasn't another person within a hundred feet of my location so there was no way to point it out to anyone else.  I may have been the only person to notice it.  Apparently whoever or whatever was in the thing was checking out the large crowd of people on the ground beneath it.  It took less than a minute for it to cruise past then suddenly it took off at high speed and disappeared into the distance gaining altitude as it left. At the time I just blew it off. I was not particularly motivated to mention my sighting to anyone since when the subject of UFOs comes up most people roll their eyes and ask, What were you smoking before you saw it?   I wouldn't bring it up now except not quite a year later I got my real introduction to UFOs.  In May of 2006 I was being a tourist taking pictures of the Sundial Bridge in Redding, California.  That evening I loaded the pictures on my PC and while looking them over I noticed something in one photo that caught my attention.  It's just a bright spot in the photo but it is clear enough and distinct enough that I knew it was not simply a reflection in the lens. I had no idea what it was but I was determined to find out if it was an anomaly or if the experience would repeat.  I went back to the same location and shot over 800 still photos with a Sony DSC-F828 digital camera.  I not only caught more of the bright objects, many of them, but I snapped another even stranger looking object that really got me into finding out what I had tapped into. In August of 2006 I purchase a Canon GL-2 video camera. It has a 200x zoom and something called Frame Mode which treats each frame of video as a stand-alone jpeg rather than the interlaced images most video cameras shoot.  The still frames shot with the GL-2 are clear, sharp and jitter free. To date I have over twenty hours of footage shot in a variety of locations that in my opinion proves without doubt that we are anything but alone in this universe.  There are four distinct objects that I find all the time. Some large and some unimaginably small, approximately .030 in diameter.  The tiny ones are around by the hundreds at very close range.  I have video of them on my hand. I've made rudimentary communication with the small ones.  They obviously know I'm shooting video of them.  They put on a display I can only describe as waving to me. I printed one frame of their formation and waved it in front of them and they repeated the wave at my request. I reported this to MUFON, actually met with the regional director in Portland, Oregon.  After showing him some of my footage he basically blew it off and brought up an image on his computer that he claimed was a real UFO. My video is all shot in daylight making the objects  clearly visible, not just blobs of light in a dark sky. His UFO video was nothing more than a tiny white light in a black sky. Oooo! I was unimpressed. The UFO shows on television are mostly eye-witness accounts with no photos or videos to back them up. I've seen better on You Tube. I have clear videos of objects that unless authority is truly hiding some serious technology from the public were not manufactured here. If you are interested in seeing clear video of objects that can fly circles around fighter jets and have flown circles around airliners in my video, look me up. If not I really don't care because I've found the mainstream self proclaimed UFO hunters to be frauds working to hide the truth rather than expose it. If you are different let's talk.;42.1889000000001;-122.6908
Brown sphere cruises over graduation.;2005-06-18 11:00:00;30 seconds;Brown Sphere cruises over graduation. On June 18, 2005, I was running sound for Southern Oregon University commencement.  The ceremony ended at exactly 11:00 AM.   As I walked south across the football field the crowd was moving north toward the platform.  There wasn't anyone within a hundred feet of me when I noticed a brown sphere roughly 30 to 40 feet in diameter, silently floating north to south about 800 feet above me.  Eight hundred feet is pattern altitude for aircraft landing at the Ashland airport.  The sphere would have been on the downwind leg.  I have a pilot's license so I know the Ashland landing pattern. I didn't have a phone with a camera in 2005 so all I could do is stand and watch. The sphere moved slowly, I'd guess less than 100 mph, for twenty to thirty seconds.  Then it abruptly exited at an oblique angle away from me at fantastic speed.  It was gone from sight in less than two seconds. The weather was perfect with blue sky and only a few puffy clouds. Up to that time I was rather agnostic regarding UFOs.  A year later at the Sundial Bridge in Redding, California, I photographed UFOs inadvertently, taking pictures of the bridge.  Since that time, I have amassed twenty hours of daylight UFO video.  I can capture UFOs at will now that I know where and how to look.  We are under continuous presence of extraterrestrials.  The number of alien spacecraft around this planet is staggering. I have video proof. I met with the regional director from MUFON in Portland, Oregon, in about 2008.  He blew off all of my video showing me one of his nighttime videos, a tiny bright stationary light in a black sky saying, Now that's a UFO.  My take is they don't want real UFO evidence because that would end the necessity for MUFON. Think what you want but I know the truth.  Airliners have an entourage every time I follow one with my video camera. Every time.  It requires a very fast shutter speed to capture these objects making my videos look dark due to the camera settings even though all of my video is shot in daylight. If you want to see it done contact me.  I get results every time I shoot. Every time. It's no mystery and I'm sure authority knows exactly what I know, but they aren't talking. Science is about peer reviewed research.  I have scores of followers who have duplicated my results. To that end my research has been peer reviewed and affirmed. My guess is I won't hear from you because like MUFON once the cat is out of the bag you are out of work. It's up to you.  I'm over being recognized as one who has blown the lid off of the UFO secret.  I know what I know and that's all I care about. ((NUFORC Note:  We have watched the video submitted, and see nothing that we can identify as being UFO-related.  We will contact the witness in order to request more information.  PD));42.1889000000001;-122.6908
Small, rotating metallic sphere, over Grizzly Peak, Ashland, OR traveling southbound then disappears.;2020-06-30 19:28:00;<20 seconds;Small, rotating metallic sphere, over Grizzly Peak, Ashland, OR traveling southbound then disappears. My 3 year old son and I, whitnessed a metallic sphere shaped object appear over Grizzly Peak.  At first I thought it was a freakishly small blimp, but it was much too round.  It traveled in a straight line (South) and seemed to be spinning, showing off the reflection of the sun, giving it a metallic look.  I literally blinked and it was gone.  I scanned the sky for 30 min after and didn't see a thing.;42.1889000000001;-122.6908
Ashland sphere sighting;2021-06-04 02:42:00;1 minute;Ashland sphere sighting Moving at extreme speed, the sphere was small and lower than planes fly. No sound was emitted, and no blinking lights to indicate it was a plane or helicopter. No trail was left which would have indicated it to be a shooting star.;42.1889000000001;-122.6908
