My father had came to pick me up n go hunting at a buddy of ours place . ((anonymous report));1995-12-23 17:30:00;~30 minutes;On this day, my father had came to pick me up n go hunting at a buddy of ours place.  Now my dad & I where very close we used to like to smoke herb before we got into the woods to just relax n enjoy things.  We where smoking & just turned into our friends old dirt road at about 530 PM when I'd noticed the side n front windows of my dads old truck appeared to be tinted a really dark color.  So I asked him, pops when did you tinted your windows on here ? He might of thought me crazy but he looked at his side window n scuffed the he started staring out n up the front window n said I didnt tint it .  So we both kinda was like God damn how good is this weed we're smoking!  Anyway we started looking out the front window that was at this time a very very dark purple were looking up at the sky and it's just all lit up these pinkish purple hue colors.  Neither of us had a clue at the time wtf was going on .  We where still driving down this old narrow dirt road but rt ! at the tree top level all we could see was this odd colored light.  My dad speeds up trying to get out from under whatever it is but that was a no go.  So I tell him stop to pull over so he does , we step out of the truck to get a better look n that's when things got weird .. we looked up at the top of the trees now these trees are no more than 30 or 40 feet tall that's how close this thing was . We where in shock bc this thing had no identifiable shape to it & it was about as large as a football field that  emitted this pink/purple light all the way around it that seemed to be constantly fluid ( that's what it reminded me of was a fluid movement) but like I said it was huge but made no sound whatsoever anything that big n close moving should make a sound or upset the atmosphere around it but no.  While we where standing under it everything seemed kinda distorted or something idk.  But things ( us ) where not moving in a normal frame of ref.  I'm guessing we where rt there u! nder this thing for about 30 min watching it but I'm not sure ! .  Like I said nothing was normal at the time .  So my dad kinda freaks and jumps back into the truck n we take off to our friends place but this thing was rt over the top of us the entire time .  We parked at our buddy's and this thing then proceeded to slowly very slowly creep across this farm field in the adjacent lot . I told you this thing was huge n never made a sound as it moved .  Now my dad &I are still standing out side watching this thing our friend is standing in his front door looking out at us n this thing moving across the field . It was slow when it made it across the field it just sit or hovered there for a few min same as it did to us , then out of the bottom left quadrant of this thing it shots out something toward the ground that looked like a missile to me but it never made a impact or sound when it hit so idk .  But then this thing started to move again slowly (now when this thing took off it was gone (poof ) no sound no nothing . My dad & I where just in a stupor! our friend in his front door was asking us wtf is that thing ? We didnt know what to say what could we say wo sounding crazy af?  Anyway my pops refused to even talk about for long time after that even to me & I was with him .  I'm only reporting this now bc I'm getting old & wanna get this off my chest my dad & our friend have since passed away and it's just me now .  Idk maybe someone out there can  relate or have had the same experience maybe it can help them I hope so .  Anyway ty for your time .  M ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));30.6683097323601;-88.1623163017032
Object appeared under the moon and proceeded towards the bay at a brisk pace high over the tree tops,it looked like two bright or;2013-12-09 23:15:00;2 minutes;Object appeared under the moon and proceeded towards the bay at a brisk pace high over the tree tops, it looked like two bright or Object appeared under the moon and proceeded towards the bay at a brisk pace high over the tree tops.  Object looked like two bright orange spheres linked together in a figure 8 pattern.;30.6683097323601;-88.1623163017032
My husband and I both seen a metallic object hovering in the daytime, then it suddenly disappeared.;2014-04-16 17:00:00;<1 minute;My husband and I both seen a metallic object hovering in the daytime, then it suddenly disappeared. Caught a glimpse of it in the sky while driving and turning a corner.  It was not moving and appeared to be about the size of a brick home.  It was light out and it did reflect light.  It appeared to be made of a type of metal and had panels.   My husband and I both seen it while making the turn then trees blocked our view.   We quickly went in reverse to see it again and it was gone.   We drove to where we could get a better view to see if maybe we both were mistaken on what we seen yet there was no trace of anything in the sky.   We are both certain this was a UFO despite being skeptics, we now know have confirmation of our own.;30.6683097323601;-88.1623163017032
many shooting stars before a strange object appeared.;2014-12-14 00:30:00;1 hour;many shooting stars before a strange object appeared. My little brother and I were outside, able to bear witness to upwards of twenty shooting stars near the big dipper while I was facing east.  The shooting stars prevailed a shape that my brother and I couldn't quite make out, but was similar to a large ball of Orange light with two dull greyish blue lights in the center located far to the left of the big dipper.  After fifteen minutes of erratic movement, the Orange light surrounding two dull lights sped towards the western part of the night sky before disappearing on the horizon. There is an uneasy feeling in the area after object departed.;30.6683097323601;-88.1623163017032
V-shaped flying object.;2015-10-11 04:30:00;4 seconds;V shaped flying object I had just came back from a night fishing trip and lingered in the backyard to smoke a cigarette before turning into bed and looked up at the clear starry sky and recognized the familiar little and big dippers.  Just then within the short time frame that I was staring up at the sky, a v-shaped illusion appeared it was quite big, about the size of an inch if I were to hold my fingers up to the sky.  Like one other person said, it seemed like it was cloaked and camouflaged with the stars.  It was a tad bit darker than the sky but was clearly outlined.  It did not have lights but had a bright glow to it.  Very transparent in color.  The v-shaped object was very quiet, no sound, and it glided at a steady pace across my very small area of view as there are trees around mine and my neighbors yard.  At the very moment I spotted it I called to my brother and he looked up and saw it too, but only for a second.  We now are both believers. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));30.6683097323601;-88.1623163017032
Follow up of the rumble heard in Daphne, Al.  Reported on 7/22/16, WKRG news 5 reported that thousands of people heard the rumble.;2016-07-22 10:00:00;3 minutes;This is a follow up of the rumble heard in Daphne, Al.  Reported on 7/22/16, wkrg news 5 reported that thousands of people heard the rumble that night and witnesses observed a low flying object above the gulf flying at low altitude, several people recorded the image and rumbling sound, wkrg compared the sound and confirmed to an extent that it was a F16 Super Hornet from Pensacola NAS nearby, doing night maneuvers, but was that really what it was, believe it or not. ((NUFORC Note:  The Super Hornet is the Boeing F-18, not an F-16.  PD));30.6683097323601;-88.1623163017032
Teardrop craft seen and viewed taking off, leaving bizarre noise in its wake.;2019-03-20 23:30:00;4 mintues;Teardrop craft seen and viewed taking off, leaving bizarre noise in its wake. Walking through the neighborhood, I glanced up from my phone and was stunned by what I saw.  I decided to take a walk around my neighborhood in Dawes late at night. The intention wasn't to stare at the sky or do anything of that sort. I was watching my phone as I walked trying to figure something about with a video game. Dorky, I know. But it's the truth.  I was walking for a pretty short period of time, on the right side of the main road to the neighborhood. There is a bend at the end of the road that comes down to a neighborhood pool. I was coming right to the bend area, looking to my left, there is an open lot that has always been there since I was a child. The neighborhood is surrounded by slightly wooded tree lines. Regular 'ole trees.  At first I couldn't even discern what it was. But above the tree line of the empty lot, there was a craft that was shaped like a tear-drop and the millennium falcon. It was ridged. It came to a clear point, but understand this. When I first spotted this craft, I could barely see it. It was blending into the sky. It seemed like it was trying to. It seemed like it was pretty close, hovering over a denser area of the forest thing they had goin' on. There were no lights, no sound and no way anyone could have seen it unless they were looking around the sky. I was just lucky that I happened to look.  What was more interesting is that I was standing there, looking up at this thing, barely able to see super great features or many details, but it was clearly an object that was there, semi cloaking itself. It seemed like I caught them on their lunch break. I kept looking at this thing and felt a emotional impact from this craft. I thought in my mind, while also looking at it, can they see me? Which sounds dumb and cheesy, but that's what I thought.  It seemed like right as I was thinking this that it read my mind. It was like I was connected to this object because I happen to see it. It was a strange, odd vibe throughout the entire sighting up to this point. I'm feeling emotions of connection but also... kind of a creepy vibe, not gonna lie. It seemed like I caught them. I felt like they were perturbed. The second I got finished thinking my thought, it took off.  I was watching as it took off into the distance of the sky over the tree line. It had to have been flying to the east. When it took off, I could see the trail of color coming off of this craft. I stood there STUNNED. I heard no noise coming from it, I saw no lights, I saw no propulsion. I stood there looking around wondering if what I saw was real or my imagination. But then I heard a other-worldly noise that literally came back like a weird noisewave. I could hear it and I've never heard anything like it since, and I can still hear it in my head clear as day to this day. I felt it in my feet. Other people had to have heard this sound.  No one else came outside the rest of my terrified walk. I was the only person who saw this, I believe.;30.6683097323601;-88.1623163017032
