Bright orange lights appear in remote Wyoming area, twice!;2007-06-24 00:30:00;30 minutes;Bright orange lights appear in remote Wyoming area, twice! Approximately 12:30 AM, on warm clear June 24 night, I turned off the TV and stepped out onto the deck to gaze at the half moon and stars. In the Eastern sky, two bright orange-yellow lights appeared about 30 degrees over the horizon. I viewed them with binoculars and managed to get a photo of one of the lights. The lights were barrel shaped, bright yellow in color, and had a orange-red belt running across their middle. The lights hovered for approximately 10 minutes before slowly descending below the horizon. They did not appear to be very far away, 5 to 10 miles maybe. 	I waited about ten minutes longer hoping to see them again. Then, the lights slowly rose above the horizon again and hovered for about another ten minutes before they descended below the horizon for a second time. I stayed up about another half hour but the lights did not reappear. This event took place out in the east central Wyoming countryside, 8 miles from town, in an area that is remote and sparsely populated. 	I viewed similar lights in this location several years ago at about the same time of year. Could this be an astral phenomenon?;42.7615;-105.3952
First I would like to say I don't want anyone to think I am crazy. This is not a hoax or a joke, I just want some answers and to know t;2021-04-27 09:20:00;20 seconds;First I would like to say I don't want anyone to think I am crazy. This is not a hoax or a joke, I just want some answers and to know that I am really not alone. On the evening of April 27th, 2021, I saw an object, Mars was on my left and I was looking straight ahead, but I was looking up, and the object was going straight across and then made a fast circle in the sky went up and then disappeared. On the evening of April 28th, 2021, I saw four objects. Two of the objects were flying one behind the other and then two side by side and then another one. I have also seen the same kind of object flying extremely fast in the sky, and in some cases producing a bright white light. I also have video of this happening but my phone is so crappy that you can't see the objects I am filming. I was hoping that maybe someone had the technology to filter and see these objects so that people do not think that I am trying to play a joke or report a hoax but that this is seriou! sly an ongoing phenomenon that I am witnessing. Thank you and like I said I hope you do not think I am crazy or lying. I would just like some answers. I also have a true story that I have experienced a close encounter of the second kind. Like I said I'm not trying to gain any attention or trying to be someone that I am not or lie about anything. I honestly just want people to believe me and to not think that I am crazy. I have been deemed mentally disabled because of being diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder because people do not believe the things that I am telling them and they think I am crazy or schizophrenic. You can believe what you want to but these things have really happened and I have really seen them. I also have witnesses from the staff that are here at the current mental health group home that I live in. I had them come out to see these things that seem to only happen to me or when I'm around, and they have also seen them to. That is all I have to report I ! am sorry if this is all jumbled together for I do not have Mic! rosoft w ord. I just needed to tell part of my story. There is a whole lot more. I will take lie detector tests or any other kind of test that you would like me to to prove that I am not lying and that these events have really happened. Thank you;42.7615;-105.3952
