3 lights seen in formation.;1999-07-14 04:00:00;5 minutes;3 lights seen in formation. While walking my dog, I noticed a light that I thought was a sattelite - same size and speed.  Almost immediately I saw that there were 2 other lights travelling in formation with the first - 2 in front, slightly offset, and one in the rear, about 3 times the distance between the first two.  Longest distance between them, about 1 inch at arm's length.  They were first seen a bit SSW, quickly moved to almost directly overhead, then faded out in the NNE.  They followed the plane of the Milky Way, which was clearly. Length of time I had them in view, approximately 5 minutes - I gave thought to getting my wife up but soon realized there was probably not enough time.  It was 4am when I went in the house immediately after losing sight of them.   In size and speed they appeared to be sattelites - if there had been only one that is what I would have assumed.  Even so, my thought when I saw the first light was that the color of it was a bit  red/orange-ish for what I had been used to seeing as a sattelite.  I thought it was interesting but then when I saw the 2 others, the color difference became quite noticable against the background of stars in the sky. I have a wood products business and have a private pilots license, although I have not flown in some time.  Feel free to contact me if you wish.  Could these have been sattelites?  Are sattelites deployed in this manner?;43.645;-85.0017
Extremely bright mirror like light that left vapor trail then disappeared in clear sky;2020-12-01 14:45:00;4-5 minutes;Extremely bright mirror like light that left vapor trail then disappeared in clear sky I was travelling westbound on Weidman road when looking into the sky in a southwest direction,I saw what appeared to be a round very bright light that resembled the sun reflecting off a mirror in the sky at a long distance away. It appeared to be moving horizontally in a southerly direction and after about a minute it started leaving a short vapor trail like a jet might leave, but the vapor trail never got any longer and after about 2-3 more minutes the object and vapor trail just vanished with no evidence that they were there at all. The sky was clear and there were no clouds at all that it could have went behind.;43.645;-85.0017
