Copied written report:  Physicist/astronomer sees huge, pulsing fireball to west of New York City.;1995-08-25 00:40:00;4-5 sec.;((NUFORC Note:  We copy here the text of a written report, submitted on 09/07/96, by a person with an Ph.D. degree in physics and astronomy.  Please see other reports of same incident.))  On August 25, 1995, at approximately 12:40 am, my wife and I were driving Westbound on Route 17 in New York State.   As we neared exit 107, near monticello (at the top of a Mountain), I saw a large bright object streak across the sky at about a 15 degree inclination to the horizon.   I first saw the object in my right side of vision and I followed it until it passed over the horizon on my left side of vision.  The object took about 4 seconds to traverse this entire distance. The object appeared to move at a constant velocity without acceleration.   The object was emanating bright light of a strange blue-green tint.  It was not as bright as a car's headlights.  The object appeared to have a precise circular cross section.  (I was struck by, and focused on, the object's precise edges.)  The object did not trail a plume or any other meteor-like scatter.  The object was dark at the top and near the center, and I could discern various precise geometric structures in these darker area, as if they were mechanical or machine-like.  The object displaced abou 1/2 steradian, equivalent to that displaced by the moon:  therefore, the object appeared to be the size of the moon.   I believe the object was quite distant from me.  Just before the object reached the left-hand horizon, it emitted what we physicists call an S-wave.  That is, a spherical bubble of light emanated from the object.   This spherical bubble of light obviously was not travelling at the velocity of light, but it was moving very fast, possibly faster than the velocity of sound.  I talked to several knowledgeable physicists about this phenomenon, and so far, nobody was able to give an adequate explanation.  Signed, ((name deleted)),  physicist  ((END TRANSCRIBED WRITTEN REPORT)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witnisss includes a drawing of the object, circular in shape, travelling from left to right, approximately from 1 to 3 diameters above the horizon.  He indicates some kind of detail in the center, and at the top of the object. PD));41.6542;-74.7024
