multiple lights seen in sullivan county;2006-10-30 19:10:00;25 minutes;multiple lights seen in sullivan county I work at the local country club. I was doing a 4pm-12am shift that night. It got pretty slow so i decided to take a walk and smoke a cigerette. It was very clear outside, you could see planes everywhere. I was standing in the parking lot facing east when i caught sight of a pair of very bright lights in the sky. I stood there looking at them for about 5 mins. I dropped me cigerette and ran back down the road to the main lobby. One of the security staff was sitting at the desk. I told him that i had seen a few bright lights in the sky and that i was going to the top of the 700 wing to get a better view.( that wing has 6 floors and the roof there is the highest part of the building.) I asked if he would come with me up there and he agreed. We took the elevator up then walked the 2 flights of stairs to get to the roof. We stepped out onto the roof and i immediatly saw the 2 lights right away. i pointed them out to the gaurd. We watched both lights for about 5 mins. One of the lights blacked out and was no longer visable but the one that was became even brighter. It began to move across the horizen towards the south. It then stopped and started to pulsate. When this began to happen i noticed there was a plane off behind and below the light. This is how we know that it was just hovering there. After a few more minutes i noticed the light had a black ring around the center of it. I turned to say something to the gaurd and when i turned back the light was gone. We looed around but couldn't see anything but then another light appaere and it looked just like the other. That light blinkked out as well after 30 seconds. After a a few minutes a dimmly lit object started to move towards the south, then what i thought was a plane started to follow the dim light. The 2 got very close, travelling almost parellel to each. Then the one i thought was a plane suddenly stopped following the other light and beganto get as bright as the previous object. It then dimmed out and was not visable.We didn't see any! thing el se the rest of the night. I got home and told my brotherwhat i had seen and he looked at me in amazment and told me that he was driving down the road from the country club and saw a similar bright light in the sky that moved to the south and blinked out just like the lights the gaurd and i saw.;41.6542;-74.7024
