Object was goldish yellow, with possible lights on the left, object shaking and vibrating;2012-03-12 21:00:00;1 1/2 minutes;Object was goldish yellow, with possible lights on the left, object shaking and vibrating I stopped at a gas station to make a phone call, my car was facing towards the woods.  I made my phone call to a friend, we were talking about corned beef and cabbage, and then I felt a force coming at me as if it was pushing me back in my seat...and there was a light.  As if coming out of a cloud, it was goldish yellow light coming straight at me.  I'm looking at it trying to figure out what it is and I tell the person on the phone there's a yellow light coming at me, there's a yellow light coming at me.  At a distance it stopped and it looked as if it was vibrating or shaking side to side.  It then stopped vibrating...it stayed there and I was just staring at it.  Then it came closer to me, stopped and then started vibrating/shaking again.  Then the vibrating stopped and I could see that it was real round.  It  hovered approximately 1000 feet right in front of me, coming from the west. I am staring at it and it seemed to me that it was staring back, I felt an energy.  I'm confused so I tell the person on the phone I feel it looking at me and I'm just looking at it and I can't do anything my friend says  I think it's a UFO, get out of the car and take a picture   At that point the oval yellow object is slowly moving over my car and across the road.I physically got out of my car to take the picture with my cell phone, it had sped up, but I was still able to get a picture.  The object then went higher into the sky, stopped, then lowered straight down over some trees,I could see the UFO clearly (the yellow light), stayed there for a while, a couple seconds, then went down as if it was landing and disappeared.  This is not a hoax and I mean every word I just said.  Don't think I'm crazy, I am not crazy. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.6542;-74.7024
