Very huge round black object rose out of water over our heads.;2006-09-30 19:00:00;10 minutes;very huge round black object rose out of water over our heads It was in the fall of the year back in 2006, my husband and I, at the time now has since went to heaven.  I believe it was end of august.  it was chilly enough for jackets. we were standing on the beach .you could see the cove from where we were at. we heard this puttering sound faint.  We could see something dark in the distance. my husband said, something about the motor.   well it came towards us. slow-no-noise rose itself up out of the water.- up over our heads- slow - it was so  (ginormous ) enormous that you could not take it all in. with no cameras, this is disbelief to you and others, but its true- big as a foot ball field- if two or me of me could stand on my husbands shoulders we could of touched it- went so slow you could not take the sight in.  IT CAME UP TOWARDS US- IT MUST HAVE BEEN EMERGING UP OUT OF THE WATER -THAT IS WHERE IT CAME UP AN OUT OF FLEW OVER OUR HEADS MABE 3 STORIES NOT MUCH MORE, ROUND LIKE, PEWTER BLACK,DOME ON TOP! SILVER DASHES AROUND THE DOME SEEN THE PILOT  IN WHITE. THIS IS TRUE .WISH HAD CAMERA ONCE IN A LIFE TIME SHOT just wanted to share that little tidbit with you . never seen nothing like it.   There was so much for you to take in. just feet from us, there was a round hole in the middle looked like copper.  looked like it sat on something. had bands around a section . little slots like a brick but bigger. lots bigger like something went in to those Lego looking pieces. when it reached the hill the end was towards us it it looked like the end of a car transmission tore out the back end was open--. the front round, went across the road up over the hill it was gone  like it disappeared.  And yes we did wave.  No response from them though.  my husband said that cove is about 60feet or more deep.  after we went back to fishing we were talking about what happened.  The puttering must have been it emerging up from the water.  When it came up out of the water and it got above us there was no water coming off of it. it skimmed the hill inches from touching it .;39.4995;-82.0879
