3 lights in a triangle shape over a few houses;2015-04-08 01:10:00;15 minutes;3 lights in a triangle shape over a few houses A few minutes before 1:00 am, I exited my house and went next door to my apartment to reheat some dinner, as I am redoing my kitchen and use the apartment to cook.  Around 10 minutes after 1:00 am, I was making my way back up to the house to eat, when I looked across the small downtown area and saw a trio of lights above a house and some trees on the top of the eastern hill.  I paused for a few seconds trying to make out what I was seeing as I have lived in this house for over three years and do not recall seeing the light before. Since I live on the smaller hill on the western side of the city we do experience a fair amount of fog, as it was slightly foggy on this night so I was unable to see any craft, just the three lights in a triangle pattern. After I ate, my dog started to whine, so I took him out.  This was at least 15 minutes later, and possibly 20 minutes.  I took him to the spot he prefers and looked across to the lights again.  At this point I saw what I can only explain as a shimmer.  The rear most light shimmered as if someone put a fine cloth in front of it. This happened at least twice as I looked away as my dog started growling.  He was also looking across to the area of the lights. This part becomes a little odd for me as I just wanted to get back inside and return to playing a game online.  I paused at the door and looked at the light one last time saw only the back light shimmer one more time and I went inside.  I thought as I went in the door I was going to get my binoculars and see if I can see anything, but I just didn't feel like it. The next day as I had made my way back up to the house after eating breakfast I paused and looked across to the hill on the other side of town, no more than half a mile away and maybe only one quarter of a mile, I did not see the new cell phone tower that I was sure had been installed in that area, or at least that is what I felt I had saw the previous night. The light, from my estimate was about 50-75 feet above the house and didn't move during the 15-20 minutes that the light was there;39.4995;-82.0879
