Why was it necessary that a jet come from nowhere and deposited this contrail to dissapate  the rainbow object?;2012-06-20 12:00:00;1/2 hour;Why was it necessary that a jet come from nowhere and deposited this contrail to dissapate  the rainbow object? In blue sky at 12:00 a rainbow -like cloud moving toward the east, was intercepted by a jet which left a short contrail causing the rainbow-like cloud to turn white when it came into contact with it. The jet looked gold in color but could have been reflecting the brilliant colors from the rainbow-like thing. the rainbow shape was not a normal arc. It looked like a wide arrow. The colors were brilliant and several pictures were caught of the thing and then the jet intercepting it. The short contrail which was left by the jet caused the rainbow to turn white and they could both be seen for about an hour later. Observers are land owners with homes on a slight rise about 2600' in the high desert of Wash. State;45.8354;-120.8035
A bright white fireball with long tail was seen heading toward the outlying areas of Goldendale, WA.;2012-11-03 18:45:00;25 seconds;A bright white fireball with long tail was seen heading toward the outlying areas of Goldendale, WA. My husband and I were driving home from Portland, Oregon, and were passing through Goldendale, WA on Highway 97 going north toward Yakima, WA.  There are many wind turbines in this area and we had just finished ascending a relatively steep hill when we saw what we thought was, at first, a shooting star.  However, unlike a shooting star, the light did not dissipate and the tail did not break up rapidly.  Instead, the object (and its long tail) maintained a strong, vibrant white light with what I saw to be brilliant blue undertones.  It appeared to be following a downward trajectory that, in relation to the horizon was angled at approximately 12 degrees.  Its descent toward the outlying areas of Goldendale was extremely fast.  My husband and I were surprised to find no mention of this occurrence in today’s local news headlines as we were certain that this object was headed toward the Earth’s surface and would, most likely, make a significant impact.;45.8354;-120.8035
Huge fireball sighting in Goldendale, Washington.;2013-01-15 20:00:00;3 seconds;Huge fireball sighting in Goldendale, Washington. I was driving home from town with my two children.  It was about 9pm.   To the north of town, there is a small mountain range called the Simcoe Mountains.  The children and I saw a huge neon green fireball shoot across the top of the mountain range and disappear.   The light was very bright and noticeable and lasted about 3 seconds.  It started out bright green, then turned a brilliant orange.   I do not know if anyone else from town saw this, but there were at this time, several places around the world on the news reporting fireballs in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  One of several reports from the same witness.  PD));45.8354;-120.8035
