Bright greenish white light falls directly in front and center sight of NB hwy 97  just before Yakima Indian Reservation;2006-09-21 22:43:00;2.5 seconds;Bright greenish white light falls directly in front and center sight of NB hwy 97  just before Yakima Indian Reservation Driving hwy 97 north to Yakima.  As I was driving my semi up the mountain a bright white light with a greenish tint came directly down in front and center of the hwy view.  At the time it would have been highly unlikely to see anything in the sky due to the hillside and trees on both sides.  This light came directly down smack in the center and seemingly disappeared into the road(over the hill)  The light was consistent-bright but not blinding- it did not get brighter or duller as it came down.  There were 2 cars about 150 ft in front of me that would have witnessed it as well.  It's hard to say how far away the light source was (possibly a mile).  I did not hear any sound and it only seemed to last about 2.5 seconds. If you were to hold a quarter out straight at arms length-that would roughly be the size of the light.;45.8354;-120.8035
Strange light in woods of Goldendale, Washington.;2010-10-01 20:00:00;15 seconds;strange light in woods of Goldendale Washington I am writing to report several UFO sightings I have witnessed over the past 4 years.  I am 33 years old, and have never seen a UFO before until 2010.  I am a mother of two children (10 and 8 years old) and do not use drugs or alcohol.  I am a stay-at-home mom who homeschools.  Along with myself, my husband and two children have been co-witnesses to the sightings. One of my neighbors was also present during one of the sightings. In October 2010, I moved to Goldendale, Washington.  We had just bought our 5 acre property and were living in a fifth wheel, while developing the property for a home.  Our property is 15 miles outside of town and is in the woods.  We had a small campfire and it was about 8pm at night.   My husband and I were standing outside around the campfire and the children were there as well.  It was a clear and cold October night sky.  My husband and I looked up, and right above the 70ft pine trees about 100 yards away, appeared a bright yellow light about the size of a washing machine and round in shape.  It was noiseless and moving towards us fairly slowly.   As it got above the trees that were right around us, it shot up straight into the sky as fast as you could blink and disappeared.  There was no noise.   We both saw this and the encounter lasted about 10-15 seconds.   My children did not see this one. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));45.8354;-120.8035
Hovering light orb in woods of Goldendale Washington.;2012-12-20 01:00:00;15 minutes;Hovering light orb in woods of Goldendale Washington I got up in the middle of the night and went into my living room and looked out my windows.  Across the road was a ploughed wheat field, about 80 acres in size, with pine trees flanking the sides and back of the field.    I witnessed a yellow orb hovering above the trees in the back of the wheat field. It hovered for several minutes, and then it shot up in the air and disappeared.  I did not know if there was noise, as I was inside.  The orb was the size of a basketball from where I was.   The next day my neighbor, who lives about 15 acres down the road from me, came over and asked if I had seen the orb the night before at the back of the wheat field.  I verified that I had, and his description was the same as mine. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));45.8354;-120.8035
Strange star lights in sky of Goldendale Washington.;2014-06-09 21:00:00;1 hour;Strange star lights in sky of Goldendale Washington The weather was warm and the children and I decided to camp outside on our trampoline for the night in our backyard.  There were clear skies that night.  The stars were brilliant as we lay on the trampoline.  The children and I witnessed about 100, what appeared to be 'stars,' moving about the skies.   They moved sporadically and they would get brighter and then appear to burn out and disappear after moving around the skies for several seconds.   There was one after another.  They would appear and carry on in the same fashion.  We called them 'bobbles'.   This went on about an hour and a half, in which we then decided to sleep in the house instead.   This was the week before the war in Israel started with Hamas.;45.8354;-120.8035
Multiple sightings of fireballs, orbs, cigar shaped crafts in Goldendale, Washington.;2014-10-08 03:00:00;3 seconds;Multiple sightings of fireballs, orbs, cigar shaped crafts in Goldendale, Washington. Dear Mr. Davenport,   	I am writing to report several UFO sightings I have witnessed over the past 4 years.  I am 33 years old, and have never seen a UFO before until 2010.  I am a mother of two children (10 and 8 years old) and do not use drugs or alcohol.  I am a stay at home mom who homeschools.  Along with myself, my husband and two children have been co-witnesses to the sightings.  One of my neighbors was also present during one of the sightings. 	In October 2010, I moved to Goldendale, Washington.  We had just bought our 5 acre property and were living in a fifth wheel while developing the property for a home.  Our property is 15 miles outside of town and is in the woods.  We had a small campfire and it was about 8pm at night.  My husband and I were standing outside around the campfire and the children were there as well.  It was a clear and cold October night sky.  My husband and I looked up, and right above the 70ft pine trees about 100 yards away, appeared a bright yellow light about the size of a washing machine and round in shape.  It was noiseless and moving towards us fairly slowly.  As it got above the trees that were right around us, it shot up straight into the sky as fast as you could blink and disappeared.  There was no noise.  We both saw this and the encounter lasted about 10-15 seconds.  My children did not see this one. 	The second sighting was in the winter of 2012/2013.  I got up in the middle of the night and went into my living room and looked out my windows.  Across the road, was a ploughed wheat field about 80 acres in size with pine trees flanking the sides and back of the field.   I witnessed another yellow orb hovering above the trees in the back of the wheat field.  It hovered for several minutes, and then it shot up in the air and disappeared.  I did not know if there was noise, as I was inside.  The orb was the size of a basketball from where I was.   The next day my neighbor, who lives about 15 acres down the road from me, came over and asked if I had seen the orb the night before at the back of the wheat field.  I verified that I had, and his description was the same as mine. 	The third sighting was the same time, winter of 2012/2013 and I was driving home from town with my two children. It was about 9pm.  To the north of town, there is a small mountain range called the Simcoe Mountains.  The children and I saw a huge neon green fireball shoot across the top of the mountain range and disappear.  The light was very bright and noticeable and lasted about 3 seconds.  It started out bright green, then turned a brilliant orange.  I do not know if anyone else from town saw this, but there were at this time, several places around the world on the news reporting fireballs in the sky. In the summer of 2013, my children were playing outside in the middle of the afternoon. They came bursting inside the house and said they saw a UFO and wanted me to come and look.  I went outside, and to my amazement, there was a metal, cigar or blimp shaped craft hovering above the woods.  It was not directly above us, but aways off and hovering about as high as a low flying helicopter.  It looked about the size of a washing machine from where we were but cigar or blimp shaped.  The sighting lasted 10 minutes and it just dissolved away before our very eyes.  It made no noise, and it hovered in place the whole time.  The children and I saw this same craft about 3 more times this summer.  At the last sighting, my neighbor was over talking with me in my backyard. The children who saw it first, pointed it out to us in the sky.  We all stood and watched it for about 10 minutes and it too dissolved and disappeared. 	The recent sightings were June of 2014.  The weather was warm and the children and I decided to camp outside on our trampoline for the night in our backyard.  There were clear skies that night. The stars were brilliant as we lay on the trampoline. The children and I witnessed about 100, what appeared to be 'stars,' moving about the skies.  They moved sporadically and they would get brighter and then appear to burn out and disappear after moving around the skies for several seconds.  There was one after another.  They would appear and carry on in the same fashion.  We called them 'bobbles'.  This went on about an hour and a half, in which we then decided to sleep in the house instead.  This was the week before the war in Israel started with Hamas. 	October 2014, on the night of the blood moon, I decided to stay up all night to see the moon eclipse.  At 3:30am, at the height of the eclipse, I woke my family up to come outside and see it.  My daughter and I walked out our back door first onto our back deck with my son and husband following behind.  As soon as my daughter and I reached the edge of the deck, we turned back towards our house to look at the moon which was above the house. At the ridgeline of the roof, a bright, white light appeared and flew along the entire roofline of the home.  It was an orb, very bright, brilliant white, and kind of had an appearance of a 'sparkler.'  The kind I used to play with on the fourth of July as a kid.  It was not more than a foot above the roof, and was about the size of a cantalope.  It lasted 3 seconds and my daughter and I gasped in amazement having both seen it.  My husband and son had not looked up in time, having therefore missed it. 	We marveled at the moon and described the orb we saw for several minutes, and at that point, my husband went back inside.  As the children and I walked off the deck and into the yard, we saw another orb just like the one a few minutes prior. It appeared  20 ft above us, flew for 3 seconds and fizzled out.  It too looked like a sparkler and was the same size.  All three of us saw this one.  There was no noise with either one. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));45.8354;-120.8035
Strange light orb seen on night of Moon eclipse in Goldendale, Washington.;2014-10-08 03:30:00;3 seconds;Strange light orb seen on night of Moon eclipse in Goldendale Washington October 2014, on the night of the blood moon, I decided to stay up all night to see the moon eclipse.  At 3:30am, at the height of the eclipse, I woke my family up to come outside and see it.  My daughter and I walked out our back door first onto our back deck with my son and husband following behind.  As soon as my daughter and I reached the edge of the deck, we turned back towards our house to look at the moon which was above the house. At the ridgeline of the roof, a bright, white light appeared and flew along the entire roofline of the home.  It was an orb, very bright, brilliant white, and kind of had an appearance of a 'sparkler.'  The kind I used to play with on the fourth of July as a kid.  It was not more than a foot above the roof, and was about the size of a cantalope.  It lasted 3 seconds and my daughter and I gasped in amazement having both seen it.  My husband and son had not looked up in time, having therefore missed it. We marveled at the moon and described the orb we saw for several minutes, and at that point, my husband went back inside.  As the children and I walked off the deck and into the yard, we saw another orb just like the one a few minutes prior.  It appeared  20 ft above us, flew for 3 seconds and fizzled out.  It too looked like a sparkler and was the same size.  All three of us saw this one.  There was no noise with either one.;45.8354;-120.8035
we spotted a long line of lights moving from the west to the east across the evening sky.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-18 21:00:00;15 minutes;we spotted a long line of lights moving from the west to the east across the evening sky. lights were evenly spaced and totally silent. made call to neighbor who saw same sight;45.8354;-120.8035
huge, perfectly round lights looked like old model a headlights;2020-10-23 06:00:00;15-20 seconds;huge, perfectly round lights looked like old model a headlights I am 67 and my female boss is 73..on our way to work, the same road we take 6 sometimes 7 days a week.. the area where we saw this was timbered area.. homes are sprinkled around the area.. we came upon 2 bright lights approx. 1000 ft above the ground.. we were approx. 1/4 of a mile away on the road... the 2 lights were big and bright and were stationary.. they were perfectly round and approx. 100 ft. across the middle of the light.. they were approx. 200 or 300 meters. apart from each other.. both were the same distance from the ground..;45.8354;-120.8035
