Orange spheres materializing from single points of light to large luminous spheres, then diminishing until disappearing.;2015-05-28 00:30:00;1 hour;Orange spheres materializing from single points of light to large luminous spheres, then diminishing until disappearing. Observed three glowing orange ball phenomena, one of which appeared only briefly, the other two kept appearing for a full hour and kept appearing, but I left after one hour of observation.  Location was on a ridge between Goldendale, WA and Mt. Adams.  The spheres would begin as a small point of light visible from my position of approximately ten miles away, then would slowly grow in size and luminosity over a period of about three minutes, then gradually diminish respectively until no longer visible.  Spheres appeared to be a couple hundred feet off the ground. Spheres demonstrated no defining features and were perfectly spherical in shape.  Though the orbs never changed position when observed, they would shift to a slightly different locations each time they would materialize.  The two frequent spheres appeared in close proximity to one another each time.  The orbs were very close to a 'backfire' that firefighters were lighting to fight the wildfires occurring at the time.  The fires were not visible from my position. The spheres were distinct, very bright at times, and as a military trained observer, my opinion is that these objects cannot be explained by fire, aircraft, or anything else that I am aware of.  It was possibly the most awesome and profound event I have observed in my life thus far and made quite an impression on me. I returned to same sight of observation for the next two nights, though time of observation of these two nights was 1 hour earlier each time, from 2230 to 2330 hours.  Nothing observed on these two occasions.  I contacted the Klickitat County Sheriff department later in the day of the observations and was informed that no reports were received regarding this incident.;45.8354;-120.8035
