Five objects in the sky out over lake michigan zig zagging with eachother at unbelievable speeds.;2007-04-14 23:15:00;less than a minute;Five objects in the sky out over lake michigan zig zagging with each other at unbelievable speeds. I was sitting in my hot tub in the back yard when i noticed what appeared to be 5 stars that were moving rapidly back and forth, up and down and criss crossing each other at a extremely high rate of speed.  All i saw was five white lights moving faster than anything i have ever seen before and doing things that didnt seem logical.  By the time i jumped out of the hot tub and ran to the front of the house they were gone and i couldnt find them in the sky again.  The front of the house was also lit up with lights from the street so it wasnt ideal to see anything there.  Just before i saw the moving objects out over lake michigan i was watching several airplanes in the area sky and there was absolutely no comparison in the speed or the way these things moved and reacted with eachother.  They seemed to be moveing together but like i said they were going up and down and across from each other as well as moving forward and a high rate of speed.  Whatever it was, there is no doubt in my mind that it was not man made. ((NUFORC Note:  We addressed the possibility that the objects might have been migratory birds, but the witness stated that he thought that they could not have been birds.  We received another report from Muskegon, just two hours after this report was submitted, and the second report also caused us to wonder whether the objects might have been birds.  However, both witnesses rejected that theory.  PD));43.2157224215246;-86.24096367713
Shape ;2007-06-10 11:15:00;5 sec.;Shape <. Five to seven lights on each side. Moved swiftly. Silent. The shape <. Heading Southwest. Moving swiftly across the sky. About five to seven lights on each side of shape. However did not appear to stay in formation.  A couple of the lights moved out slightly and back in quickly.  It was silent.   I have never believed in this stuff.  I know little about it.  Now I am having a hard time explaining what happened. When I looked on the sight. It just fit.;43.2157224215246;-86.24096367713
Silent, dark object in the skies above Muskegon, MI.;2015-11-07 19:35:00;10 seconds;Silent, dark object in the skies above Muskegon, MI. At 19:35 this evening, I was standing in my front yard looking up at the few clouds that remain, after a mostly cloudy day.  I commented to my wife, who was seated on the porch, that the skies had cleared up nicely when I noticed an object in the night sky which was moving at a good pace and blocking out stars as it moved from the northwest to the southeast.  The object appeared as a dull grey mass against the night sky, and is of indeterminate shape due to the lack of light.  I would estimate the size of the object to be roughly the equivalent of holding a dime at arm's length, possibly smaller.  There were no lights visible on the object.  The only reason that I even saw it was because stars were being blocked out as it traveled.  There was no sound at all, and it was almost directly overhead, as opposed to being off at an angle to me.  I commented on it to my wife, but, she was not able to see it, as there is a streetlight directly across from our house, and she! was facing into the light, while I had my back to it.  Upon turning around to track its course, I, too, lost it in the light pollution from the streetlight and neighboring houses whose porch lights are on.  I would estimate that the total time that I saw it is around ten seconds, before turning and losing sight of it due to the lights at ground level. Not being able to estimate its altitude, it would be impossible to estimate its speed, however, it was moving along at a pretty good clip. We live within a couple of miles of Lake Michigan, and it is not uncommon for people to share stories of seeing strange things in the night sky in the area. We live within a few miles of the airport, so it would be interesting to hear if anything unusual showed up on radar at the same time.;43.2157224215246;-86.24096367713
