It looks like a star ,  it looks like a planet but its moving across the sky above our heads.;2001-02-11 20:30:00;60 minutes;It looks like a star ,  it looks like a planet but its moving across the sky above our heads. One month ago befor this encounter I was driving home with my daughter at about 20:00 when i noticed a big bright light in the sky over head. I thought at first that it was a head light to a plane moving toward us through the trees as we got closer to the light I started telling my daughter that it looks like a bright star or planet. As we drove down the road it seemed to follow us just above the trees . I stopped the car and rolled down the window to listen for any sound .There was no sound. I continued down the road passed the turn home because I could not believe what we where seeing . We came to the end of the road where we stopped to look at this bright star when it flickerde out of sight. At that time my daughter was tired and when I got excieted about the incident and suggested that it was a UFO she quickly stated that we han seen a comet. We went home and told every one about what we thougt was a comet . The reason I say that is I saw the bright star again tonight about the same time as the last encounter. I was on my way over to my sisters house and noticed the bright star again. I could not resest driving back down the same road to look at it again. This time it was just hovering in the sky like agreat big star. Iwent to my sisters house and told them to take a ride with me to see this awsum star . this would be 20 minutes or so later. the star had changed its position. My sister and her children could not believe how big and bright the star was and as we watched ,it would become real bright and then fade alittle we watched it slowly move out of sight. Wedrove to a small private air port to ask if they had witnessed any thing but it was closed. I came home to share the experience with my family and of course my husband thinks that I am nuts. I decided to get on the net to find information on the reporting of UFOs and here I am. We are located near a Navy nuclear power plant , is it possible that it could be related?;43.0033999999997;-73.8420000000003
