I saw several flying lights heading from north to south.  ((NUFORC Note:  Report from student.  PD));2007-05-01 22:00:00;15 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Report from student.  We cannot be certain that this is intended as a serious report.  PD)) I saw several flying lights heading from north to south It was around 22:00 hrs on May 1, 2007, I saw through the window of a bedroom on the second floor of my house an intense light in the air at a half-mile distance. The light was so intense by far several times the light of any star. The object was also a short distance from the surface of the ground. The light went up straight vertically, diminished its intensity and moved to the left from north to south and disappeared.  Since the local fire station is located in that direction and about the same distance I thought that the object might be a helicopter, however I was curious and decided to investigate some more. Immediately I grabbed my car and went to the fire station to see what was going on. My sister was with me in my car. When we reached the fire station, one of the garage doors was open and the truck was in there and nobody around. We passed the fire station when I saw the light again, this time farther out to the right of the road heading from north to south.  I decided to drive in its direction to get closer and make sure it was a helicopter. The light disappeared when I entered one of the streets on the right. We went out of those streets and went back to the road heading east for about two minutes when we saw the light again this time it was to our left like a half mile away and in the air. I don’t think it was the same object since the previous one we saw disappeared to the right of the road and this last one appeared on the left of the road heading from north to south. The flying object crossed in front of us from the left to the right of the road and dissappeared going from north to south. We tried to follow it, making a right in an intersection where was about to the point the object disappeared but we couldn’t see it. Then, we started to head back home going from south to north for about two more minutes when I saw again another light in the air. It looked like an helicopter in the distance because of its movement. It was flying slowly from north to south relatively close to the ground, so I was sure it couldn’t be a plane. Its light was not intense. I reached an intersection and stopped because of a red light of a traffic light, while the object was heading to from North to South while I was facing South to North. The object was coming to my direction in the air. At that moment I remembered I had binoculars in the glove compartment of my car and I grabbed them and give them to my sister, it turns out that! she did n’t know how to use them. Since the car was stopped she pulled down the window and took her head out and looked up and saw the lights of the object and introduced her head back into the car. I immediately took the binoculars out of her and pulled down the window of my side and took my head out of the car completely and used the binoculars to see the object. At that moment the object was right on my head a short distance from the ground, probably a four or five-block distance from the ground. I looked at the object using the binoculars and saw the chasis of a spaceship, the shape was triangular and flat. It had lights on the base, but those lights were not intense at all, but they shined enough to light the base of the chasis and I could saw the frame of the spaceship clearly,  not only the frame but all the flat metal part of the space ship which was lighted by the round light sources on the chasis. Those lights were no intense at all. They were just lighted spots one next to the other one covering almost the total area of the triangular chasis. I had never seen anything like that before in my whole life.  Since I was stopped by the red light I did all these things very quickly and only could see the bottom part or chasis of the flying object for a quick second. But because it was flying slowly close to the ground and I was using binoculars I could see it clearly. Also I realized that it did not make any sound. It was just flying slowly and quietly. When the traffic light changed to green I decided to follow the flying object to see it again, but U-turns were forbidden at that intersection and I had to turn to the left. While driving in the new road I stopped in the middle part of the road between the lanes and made a U turn and in the same interception where I saw the object I made a right turn to head in the same direction the flying object was flying but I could not see it anymore. Then we returned home. I particularly do not think these lights belonged to the same flying object, since all of them were moving from north to  south, I actually see in total four flying lights heading each time from north to south, but only in the last one I could see it using my binoculars and determine that it was not a helicopter or any plane.;39.1366513513514;-77.2180229729731
Strange high frequency noises heard in the sky.;2011-07-01 00:50:00;2 minutes;Strange high frequency noises heard in the sky. The event in question occurred at around 12:50 am.   Last year around this same time I did see a large triangular shaped object in the sky that hovered over my neighborhood, and then took off at an extremely impressive speed without any sound whatsoever, but in this case I did not see a UFO.  I know that this form is for UFO sightings only, however, what I heard last night was so strange that it had to be something unexplainable.   I was sitting up in bed reading, and I heard something just outside my window (there’s a busy street just by my house) that at first sounded like screeching tires.  I thought that someone had hit a deer because there are many that live by in the area, but then the tone of the screeching changed.  There were three different tones to it, and the duration of each tone would last for about ten seconds and then it would change.  I realized as soon as it changed that it wasn’t a car crash. The sound continued to change in tones without any brea! ks in between.  As crazy as this sounds, it sounded like that scene in Close Encounters of the Third Kind where they contact the aliens using music. It was very loud and very high pitched.  It went on for at least 2 minutes.  I looked out my window to see if I could see anything in the sky, but my window isn’t at a very good vantage point, and I didn’t want to go outside because I was worried I’d miss the noise.  I didn’t feel at all scared or threatened.  It was just very strange, and I knew that I was experiencing something that wasn’t normal. I think that someone else out on the road either heard what I was hearing, or saw something because in the midst of the noise going on,  I did hear a separate noise of tires coming to a hault out on the road.  So this is just pure speculation, but perhaps someone saw something in the sky.  Last year when I saw the Triangular shaped craft, it was very large, and had a lot of different colors of lights all around it. It approached my neighborhood, which is a townhouse community, and stopped over a row of houses. It hovered there for a few seconds, and then took off at a sharp 90 degree angle, and was completely gone. During that sighting there was no sound whatsoever that came from the craft, even when it took off. A few nights later my mother was out walking our dog, and she saw what perhaps could be the same craft. It approached the same row of houses, making no noise at all, and then took off and reappeared in the same area, took off again , then reappeared in a different section of the sky almost as if it was shuffling across the sky.  I’m wondering if perhaps there was another craft in the area and if perhaps more people are going to report experiences like this where they see a craft and hear music coming from the craft. Perhaps they’re attempting to communicate with us now.;39.1366513513514;-77.2180229729731
Large triangle red and green lights over Gaithersburg MD, Wed Feb 15, 2012 (~19:43);2012-02-15 19:43:00;minutes at least;Large triangle red and green lights over Gaithersburg MD, Wed Feb 15, 2012 (~19:43) Location: Spanning Goshen Road, between Lochaven Drive and Goshen Mill Court, Gaithersburg, MD 20882 (see E-MAILED map UFO_sighting_location_Feb_15_2012_1.PNG). Date/Time: My best time estimate is around 7:43pm on Wednesday February 15, 2012. Although I didn’t note the time in my car, I called my wife on her cell phone when I was stopped at Bourdeaux Pl about a couple of minutes after the initial sighting. Her call log indicates 7:45pm for this call. The sighting was on the route of my daily commute since August 2002. Duration: At least a few minutes. I was driving at the time. There was one car very close behind – probably because I had slowed down considerably. I was frustrated by the proximity of this car which forced me to continue out of the line of sight of the object (now behind me), down a hill and up the other side of the valley. It was probably close to a mile later when I was able to safely pull over into a right turn lane for Bourdeaux Place (probably about 2 minutes later) – see map (UFO_sighting_location_Feb_15_2012_1.PNG). At this location I could look across. I could still see the object. Description: Appearance: Apparently triangular with closely-spaced twin red and green lights (one set at each apex). The lights spanned Goshen Rd. The central light appeared somewhat higher than the ones to the right (East) and the left (West). The lights were not strobed and appeared similar in separation from my viewpoint. When I first saw the object I was at the STOP at Warfield Rd, traveling North on Goshen Road. The object was to the North of me. For a brief moment I thought it was a commercial airliner at a frighteningly low altitude, but immediately afterward it appeared like the triangular object was floating and seemed to be canting slowly. I could not make out for sure if there was matter between the three twinned light sources because it was very dark. I got a good idea of the distance between the three light sources because within a few hundred feet, just after passing Lochaven drive, I had passed underneath the object and all three points were behind me. The central apex lig! hts passed right overhead. The lights on the other apeces were perhaps over the houses on each side of the road. Reconstruction (from memory): Unfortunately I do not have a photo or video. However, I have used an image of the approximate initial viewpoint of the object in front of me from Google Maps. The daytime view of the location would be approximately like this:  SEE E-MAILED IMAGE scene_Goshen_and_Lochaven-day.PNG  I have tried to sketch what I saw (and the scale) by using the above daytime Google Maps image and inking out the sky. It was a very clear (cloudless) night, but dark – no moonlight I think. The object then looked something like that shown below: (I cannot be sure if the green was on the left or the right of the red and the lights may have been slightly closer together and more aligned in a fixed direction than I have indicated. Also this reconstruction shows definite sky between the points, whereas in reality I could not make out any sky between the points - only blackness – but the illustration gives an idea of what I saw). SEE E-MAILED IMAGE: approx_reconstruction_UFO.PNG  Scale: From the fact that I had passed underneath all three points of light within a few hundred feet at low speed, I could tell that these lights were at low altitude, perhaps 100 to 150 ft up and that the object spanned perhaps 150 to 200 feet on one edge. Sound: I did not have any windows open but detected no sound at all. Action taken immediately afterwards: The first place I was able to safely pull over with a line of sight to the original location of the sighting was in a right turn-only lane dedicated to a residential street (Bourdeaux Place, just West of Route 124). At this location, I got out and walked a little East to gain a sight around some trees. I could see the tree line on the other side of the valley and the three points of light just above the tree line, but now planar (horizontal). It seemed like the object had moved somewhat East and was no longer tilted up. Looking at the Google map later, and the orientation of Bourdeaux Drive relative to the initial location, I would say that this assumption was accurate. I got on my cell phone and called my wife to tell her that something weird was going on and asked her to put on the local news to see if anything had been reported. I then got back into my car and continued home. At little later (on Howard Chapel Rd - the Montgomery County part) I again pulled over to look ba! ck across towards Gaitherburg but didn’t see anything unusual. Action taken on Thursday February 16, 2012 I decided that I would take no further action until I returned on my morning commute the next day in daylight. This would take me on the exact reverse route through the location of the sighting. There was nothing visible that could possibly explain what I saw the previous night and everything appeared normal. Once at the office I decided to call the Airport Manager at: Montgomery County Airpark 7940 Airpark Drive, Gaithersburg, MD 20879 Phone: (301) 963-7100 An answering machine kicked in so I had to leave a message for the manager. I tried to describe what I saw in a way that wouldn’t be instantly dismissed as a “crackpot call”. I left my name and my NIST office number and requested that they call be if they could explain what I might have seen. As of today I have not been contacted. I also told a colleague, who happens to live on Lochaven Drive, about my experience.  She and her family were at home but had not seen or heard anything.  She said she would ask neighbors who walk their dogs at about that time. I am guessing that perhaps dozens of others may have seen what I saw on that stretch of road at that time, so I have checked the internet periodically to see if there are any similar reports.  So far I have not seen any but I want to log my experience.  Who knows? Maybe someone else saw this and either dismissed it or failed to report it.;39.1366513513514;-77.2180229729731
triangular fireball with a black line running through the middle;2019-05-19 23:00:00;10 seconds;Observed a flame colored object that suddenly appeared for about 20 seconds and disappeared.  Looked like a triangular fireball with a black line running through the middle.;39.1366513513514;-77.2180229729731
