Large, triangular craft with three bright orange-yellow lights that faded out was witnessed for approx. 10 minutes.;2014-04-11 21:30:00;10 minutes;Large, triangular craft with three bright orange-yellow lights that faded out was witnessed for approx. 10 minutes. At approximately 9:30 pm on April 11th, 2014, as I was walking out to my horse barn, I noticed 3 large, bright lights in the Southeast sky.  Their color was an orange-yellow. At first, the lights appeared to be in a stationary line (like they were side by side).   The lights appeared to be over the golf course at the end of property.  There is cell phone tower to the left of the citing, a crop field behind it, and a rural neighborhood development to the right of it. 	As I continued to stare at the lights, (2-3 minutes) they began to slowly move.  It became clear that the lights belonged to a single object that was rotating clockwise.  I judged the craft to be as big as my house (a 3,000 sq. ft. modified split-level) and as low in the sky as the tallest type of stadium lights.  As the craft moved, it rose higher in the sky and the lights began to intermittently, slowly dim and then brighten again, though they did not return to the same brilliance I had first seen when they were stationary in the row. 	After the object turned, I got the impression that the object was triangular in shape and that the lights had appeared in a row before only because the craft was facing me. 	After watching it for several more minutes, only one light remained lit and it began to move off to the north until it was too far away for me to see anymore.  As it moved off in the distance it appeared to be about the height of the mature treetops it passed behind, and it seemed to be about ¾ the height of the cell phone tower it passed.  Of course, it could have been much higher in the sky than those estimates, and my perception could have been influenced by a distance perspective. 	In total, approximately ten minutes passed from the time I first walked outside and noticed the lights to the time I watched the last lit light disappear.  I do not know what the object I observed was, I am certain that it was not an airplane or an astrological  ((sic.  astronomical?) phenomenon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to provide no contact information.  PD));45.065;-94.0674
