Tigard Oregon 1978 Black Pyramid shape-no noise-no lights-floated then sparks below before shot off 5 min.;1998-05-22 21:00:00;5 min.;Tigard Oregon 1978 Black Pyramid shape-no noise-no lights-floated then sparks below before shot off 5 min. Ok this sighting was in 1978 or 79.I was at friends house.Tigard Oregon.It was dark out, with a full moon I am guessing, no cloulds.Clear night.Well lit out side. His (friends)folks had a camper in the back yard for sell and he was showing it to me.We had walked out of the camper(in back yard)in around his house.I don't remember who saw it first, him or me.But right over our heads,not sure how high it was or true size.But you could see it perfect because of the moon light,and clear sky.At the time I was about 17.I had always been interested in UFO stuff.Well,we both had our heads straight up looking at this.It was a black shape pyramid.Square on the bottom(4 side) and came to a point with 4 side,just like a floating pyramid.I seen it and freaked.Raised my arms in the air toward it and tried to talk with it in my mind to see if I would get any mind talk back,or to show them I see them.My friend said what are you doing and I told him seeing if they talk back.He said put your arms down and was scared.We watched it for maby 5 minutes just float on by in a what seemed to be straight very very slow path.We walked away from his house to keep watching it as it just floated over the roof tops,guessing 100 feet up?.It went over(guessing)25 houses and then it made sparks.The whole time it made no noise,had no lights,and just looked like it floated.Then befor it took off it made sparks,small little balls of fire.It looked like some one had dumped coles out of a out side grill.Thats what the sparks/fire, looked like from under it.From our view point. That always made me think maby it is us(secert stuff)and not UFO.Then after the sparks it shot straight up at a angle to the sky.Then it looked like a star and think it made 2 more angle turns befor you could not see the star looking light it had made.We ran in and told his folks and they did not come out or anything so quess they had no interest.We tried to find a camara to go back out and watch for anything elce but he had no film.When we went back out and looked we had seen 2 quick star like lights that had looked just like the thing we had seen after it took off.But that was maby a 2 sec. deal.Well I really don't know what to think as far as real UFO or not.The sparks it made befor taking off just seemed not right for a real UFO?? My ex step dad was in the air force and told me that they(UFO) are us.. Thats about it.Wish we new the truth on UFO's!!! I guess if we new the truth if they are true?That uncle sam would worry that no one would follow his ways anymore?? Thanks for your time.. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));45.4304266666667;-122.772846666667
Black thin Mantaray shape w/dome and rods no lights or sound.  Flew like wing, then moved horizontally in upright vertical position.;2005-07-22 02:10:00;4 minutes;Black thin Mantaray shape w/dome and rods no lights or sound.  Flew like wing, then moved horizontally in upright vertical position. Black in color, no lights, no sound.   Shape: Mantaray/Stingray (fish) w/short tail, round dome w/rods protruding.  Thin like a lawn/garbage bag, approx. 15ft wide, 20ft in length.  It emerged like a big wing over my neighbors house from south, and slowly flew into my backyard in a swooping motion, then banked to the east into back yard of of east neighbor.  It hovered in their back yard in an upright position (round dome up) for about 2 minutes.   In upright position, it moved north directly over peak of roof of east neighbors house, hovering there about 2 minutes.  Then, still in upright position, traveled horizontally due east at a rapid pace.  We watched it until it disappeared.   The south neighbors house is about 100ft from my patio, the east neighbors house is about 50ft away.  Our properties our terraced, we're higher, so my east bank is inline with the neighbors roof top. It was about 20ft from us.   We are about 50 years old.  I've never believed in UFO's.  Had to think this through before reporting it.  I will call the hotline as well.   Thank you for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and she sounded quite sober-minded and credible to us.  We have requested that she submit a graphic representation of what the object looked like, and that she have the other witness to the alleged event submit a report and illustration, as well.   The correct time and date for the alleged sighting, the witness informed us, is 02:10 hrs. on Friday morning, July 22, 2005.  We have corrected the date above.  PD));45.4304266666667;-122.772846666667
Three Orange triangle lights hoover over us and little lights come shooting out super fast;2014-05-21 00:00:00;2 hours;Three Orange triangle lights hoover over us and little lights come shooting out super fast Me and two friend were outside when we spotted a orange light in the sky it was triangle like shape.  We were freaking out wondering what it was because it was definitely not a plane!   We at first thought it was a satellite but then we seen another and another.  They moved at a medium speed two of them disappeared.   The other hovered over us and then three little lights came shooting out of super fast.   We took pictures of it and what came out was very strange looked just like a UFO!;45.4304266666667;-122.772846666667
Very large triangle craft white lights on each corner, low flying and silent.;2019-11-21 03:55:00;15 seconds;Very large triangle craft white lights on each corner, low flying and silent. I Woke up at 3:53 am and went outside on the deck to look at the beautiful stars because it was a crisp and clear night.  A movement caught my eye and I turned to see a very large triangle aircraft, appearing over the roof of my home that was behind me and into my view.  From the direction of E to W.    It silently moving accross the sky just above my head.  The craft was not very high, and was moving at a steady rate until it went into the horizon and then I could not see it anymore.  It flew much lower than the small airplanes that sometimes fly over, and many times lower than the larger commercial airplanes.  However, it could be deceptive becuase of the size.  Each corner had one white light, that was not flashing or changing colors and stable.   The craft had to have been black/dark and blended in with the sky except for the lights.  It was not a box shaped triangle,(with square and flat sides)  but it seemed to have ends around the body that narrowed d! own, like something that would be aerodynamic. Not pointing down, but narrowed at the ends. I also found it interesting that the speed did not change, but because of distance and physics, it could have been flying faster than I would think.  I am thinking of when we watch small planes, they are going fast, but it seems slow and we can watch them fly across the sky for a while.  It did not move fast like a flash or anything as if a car was going fast at our level.  I hope that I am making sense.  I say this because that it only took 10-15 seconds to disappear into the horizon.  I was surprised at how quiet it was, like it was just floating on the air type quiet.  The 'miraged craft' reminded me of when I was working at a photojournalist in Israel, there was bombing over Bethlehem at night, so I woke up and went to a hill to see where the bombing was.  I heard an helicopter hovering above me and I looked up and could not see the craft, but I could hear it and the location could be seen because it was blocking the stars.  It was not a UFO but a new military camafloge helicopter.;45.4304266666667;-122.772846666667
