Three orange lights in a triangle shape the lights looked like fire moving at a high rate of speed at a very high altitude;2010-07-03 22:45:00;5 to 10 mins;three orange lights in a triangle shape the lights looked like fire moving at a high rate of speed at a very high altitude I am reporting this sighting over a year later, due to it still bothering me in not knowing what i and the others saw that night. It was the night before the fourth of July in 2010 some of my mother and father in laws neighbors had started letting fireworks off already. We had a small fire going and were sitting around having a drink with the neighbors watching the fireworks. I happend to look up into the sky and saw 3 lights in the sky. They were orange and looked like they were on fire. I was in the military for six years and knowing all aircraft has strobes on them in prominet locations i started looking for them before notifying my wife, in laws and neighbors. The lights were extremely high compared to the other aircraft in the area and for as high as they were they were traveling at an extremely high rate of speed. the three lights were in a triangle shape or formation they kept the exact same rate of speed is the reason i think its a single craft but ! it could be multiple. One of the neighbors suggested it could be several misiles due to the look of the lights as it looked like fire that would come out of a jet engine. I disagreed with that explination due to me being in the military if anything of that magnitude had hapend i would have been called and put on alert. Even as fast as the object was moving we all could watch it for about five to ten minutes.;47.024;-122.7827
Bright star looks like snake.;2013-11-03 16:30:00;Hours;Bright star looks like snake Bright ball of light slowly descending, looks like star but when picture was taken it was in form of snake/dragon.  Took over 200 pictures all were in this shape with different colors.  Blue green yellow white red.;47.024;-122.7827
Red and blue light formation seen by 6 people streak from north to south, then back north, hover, then dropped slowly beyond tree line.;2014-01-17 18:30:00;~2 minutes;Red and blue light formation seen by 6 people streak from north to south, then back north, hover, then dropped slowly beyond tree line. On January 17, 2014, at approximatley 1830 hrs, my wife, two nieces and nephews, and myself observed a red and blue formation of lights streaking at a high rate of speed.  The lights were first observed by us approaching from the north of Lacey, Washington, traveling in a southerly direction.   Then the lights stopped abruptly, then seemed to hover for about five seconds.  The lights appeared to make an approximate one hundred and eighty degree turn, then again streaked at a moderate speed across the sky again.  The lights then stopped again, appeared to move sharply in an easterly direction briefly.  Again the lights stopped abruptly and hovered, then zipped again in a northern direction a small distance.  Then it came again to an abrupt stop, hovered for a moment, and then came down behind the tree line and out of our sight.  We remained outside for approximatley fifteen minutes, watching the general area, but the lights did not reappear.;47.024;-122.7827
