UFO realized it had been spotted.;2013-12-19 20:30:00;1 minute;UFO realized it had been spotted. I had been doing night sky observations for little under a year with my interest in UFO sightings.  I haven't stopped scrutinizing every brightly lit star in the night sky that wasn't sharply light or was too large and seemed to be within the atmosphere.  Most of my observations of the stars that seemingly appear large also carry with them atmospheric haze as though they appear to be within the earths' atmosphere leaving me to believe they are not stars.  The one star that I found questionable always appears in the same spot in the night sky. I got off work at 2pm December 19th (Thursday) and went Christmas shopping with my wife.  It had been hazy weather through the week but on thursday I noticed we had clear weather.  We had been out shopping for around 6 hours before we decided to head home.   Around 8:20 to 8:30 we pulled into driveway of the apartment complex facing west.  I would guess that somewhere between south and southwest is where I originally spotted one of my stars of interest.  That star decided it wanted to put on a show when we came down the driveway that night.  I noticed it was lower, closer (brighter), and was brilliantly lit with changing colors.   As soon I saw it I told my wife to slow down before we park so I could point it out to her.  As soon as we both observed the star(ufo) it began to slowly move to the left (Southwest).  I asked my wife to circle the driveway so I could see what it was going to do.  As soon as it stopped moving we began to inch forward and we stopped to noticed that it began moving again slowly to the left towards the tree line behind the apartments.  Again it stopped.   We inched forward again slowly only to stop again to notice it moving slowly again almost as if in response to us noticing them.  It continued to move in the same direction right behind the trees and that was all we witnessed.  I'm expecting their return.  No contact yet.;47.024;-122.7827
