Large carrier escorted by military copters over Puget Sound area.;1994-06-01 18:00:00;30+minutes;Large carrier escorted by military copters over Puget Sound area. As best as I can recall, this event happened during the summer of 94 or 95. It was only recently that I recalled the event in a rather strange way. On Sunday morning, Dec. 11,05, I awoke suddenly, not from a dream or nightmare, but to a vivid memory of a large, Galaxy Class starship being escorted up Puget Sound by military helicopters. I was trembling and in shock, not from fear, but the thought of how I could forget such an fantastic event. It was then that I realized how they can get away with visiting and not getting caught. But this story has many facets to it that I can't try to explain it all. It was in the evening, I heard the copters flying over my house, which is on the bluff over looking I5 and the Nisqually Valley. There were two copters excorting what I would interpret as a large carrier,mothership, N.E. along the I5 route. They were moving at a slow deliberate pace. The carrier was typical battleship gray,and since it was still suuny out, I did not observe any lights. Since the craft was virtually overhead, I could only see the bottom and side of it. The side was lined with what appeared to be large bay doors. The size of the craft I can only say that 20 football fields may be a concervative estimate. Now why were there two copters excorting it? I can only speculate that it may have mechanical trouble and was being led north to the pole, out of public view. I seem to recall reports that this was observed along the sound and into Canada. Obviuosly, contact with the ship was made, and the military was coopering with them. I believe that through minimal media coverage, and the extraordinary nature of the event, things like this are quickly forgotten in the collective consciuosness. As long as we are distracted by lights in the sky, and unexplained objects, then the truth remains buried. I am seeking help to further clarify what I witnessed that day, since I cannot recall exactly when it happened. I do know it did happen, and there should be thousands of witnesses to this event. But if I am made to forget, then they are too. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));47.024;-122.7827
