silver shape object that moved then stayed in one spot;2009-01-30 13:20:00;40 min;silver shape object that moved then stayed in one spot i smoke outside because i have 2 young children and i always look to the sky espacially when its clear i was watching a comercial airliner traveling north to land at sea tac airport when i saw a silver round shaped object fly over the airliner at a much higher altitude traveling at a south east direction so i kept my eye on it and followed it trying to figure what it was then i lost it in the tree line so i adjusted my veiw and surched for the object and found it smaller in ,size but stationed in one spot . at that time, i called some one out of the house to make sure i wasnt going crazy and they saw it too we tried to film it but i dont think the lighting was good enough or our camera wouldnt zoom enough? ,it stayed in that spot for 40 min. but then it was time to go so tomorrow i will look at the same spot in the sky to see if it is there again i know what i saw im not crazy in broud day light wow weird stuff;47.024;-122.7827
Large Glowing Something Near McChord Air Force Base Viewd From Lacey, WA;2009-03-05 22:00:00;less than a minute;Large Glowing Something Near McChord Air Force Base Viewd From Lacey, WA I was on my home late at night after going to the grocery store.  I was traveling on Union Mills Rd. and at the point where it dead ends into Marvin Rd. is where I saw what ever it was, as I was about to turn right onto Marvin Rd. I seen an extremely large extremly bright yellowish light floating in the sky, that illuminated the surrounding clouds.    From the way I was positioned at the stop sign before I turned onto marvin it was directly in front of me, hence if I would have driven directly across marvin and into the field in front of me it appeared to be approx. 4-5 miles away which would have put in only a couple of miles from McChord Air Force Base,  so I turned on to marvin road, and then took an immediate left into the Mcallister Park housing development which leads up a large hill, unfortunately after reaching the top of the hill I could not find anything, I was intrigued enough to go back to where I had my sighting and again could not find anything.  I was just hoping maybe someone got a better look,  Thanks;47.024;-122.7827
Red  over olympia wa.;2013-04-26 23:27:00;2 minutes;Red  over olympia wa. IT was 2327 pacific local time.  I was in my hot tub facing west and saw a red light through the trees low on the horizon to the west.  First thought was its a helicopter from joint base lewis mcord in tacoma wa. It was moving from the west toward me in a direction of north east. It came from behind the trees into the open sky.  I then realized it ascending in altitude.  I then realized that if it was an aircraft with the direction of flight i would be looking at a green light the right side of the aircraft.  The light was a bright red and much bigger than a red navigation light on an aircraft. It was a steady red light and did not change brightness.  It climbed from the west on a north to north west heading at an angle of 45 to 50 degrees. Its speed was slow.  It went into the clouds, I estimate the bases of the scattered layer of clouds around 3000 feet.  It was a full moon and its position was the southeast sky about 20 degrees above the horizon.  I am a commercial pilot with 27000 hrs and  over 40 of experience.;47.024;-122.7827
