((HOAX??)) 2 Slow moving red orbs desapearing right under the trees  ((anonymous report));2002-03-18 23:00:00;10 seconds;2 Slow moving red orbs desapearing right under the trees I saw 2 red flashing slow moving lights horizontal to the grownd just below the tree lines.  The front light flashed then the back light flashed it was moving slow.  Quit then dispears or i moved to slow to see if it came out the other end.  Maybe have landed ((NUFORC Note:  Probable hoax.  Contact information provided by source of report appears to be bogus.  PD));47.024;-122.7827
Like a hot ember emitting sparks while leaving a long trail like a shooting star.;2008-10-01 21:30:00;3 to 4 sec;Like a hot ember emitting sparks while leaving a long trail like a shooting star. I went to the patio door to see what my dog was barking at. As I looked out side I saw a trail of light go over my roof top, much like that of a shooting star only it extended back beyond the rooftop so that I could not see the back end. The object was heading in a northerly direction, seemingly straight away over my right shoulder. It reminded me of a glowing ember emitting sparks until it disappeared much like an ember burning out. I can't guess how high, though it was below the clouds and I had a sense that it was closer to the rooftop then to the clouds. I also could not detect any noise though the TV was playing in the background.;47.024;-122.7827
Solid red light with a blinking green light in the sky in Lacey, WA.;2015-01-24 22:10:00;3 minutes;Solid red light with a blinking green light in the sky in Lacey, WA. I was out side the house and I looked up to see a red light that had evidently just pass over me from behind.  Though I do not know how high it was, it did not seem to be be more than several thousand feet up. The fact that I heard no noise was strange.  All the time the object was red with a green blinking light. The object continued on a short ways in front of me(heading south)and then it hovered for a short while and then backed up, then in move to my right (west) and stopped again.  I just went outside again and I note it is overcast outside.  As the red light did not seem to be obscured at all, this seems to verify the fact that it could not have been to high in the sky. Aside from me my mother also saw this after I called her out side. She is 93 and I am in my mid 50's.  I am college educated and have seen aircraft all of my life.  As Ft. Lewis in nearby, I am accustom to seeing the aircraft they operate a lot and this was nothing like like a helicopter.  When it stopped there was no deceleration and when it moved again there was no acceleration.  Though it's speed was about the same as a helicopter, the fact that it made no noise at all makes me think it was something else. As it flew away, it was heading to the southwest towards the Olympia Airport.;47.024;-122.7827
My wife and I saw something very strange in the sky...a craft that had 2 rows of parallel lights.  ((anonymous report));2016-09-24 07:30:00;4 minutes;On Saturday, September 24th, at about 7:30 pm, while sitting in our back yard in Lacey, WA, my wife and I saw something very strange in the sky.  We normally see quite a bit of air craft from J.B.L.M. But what we saw yesterday was definitely unusual. Flying at what seemed to be about the same altitude as a military helicopter might fly, we saw a craft that had 2 rows of parallel lights.  Each row had perhaps 4 or 5 lights.  The top row was at first a bright pink. Then changed to turquoise, then red.  The bottom row remained white. The brightness and size of the lights were all we saw.  There was no body of a vehicle visible. Though the lights were a bit odd, the speed of the vehicle and it's ability to change or reverse directions without slowing down, and it's silence were truly unusual. Sitting in our back yard facing west, the object flew at about a 45% angle from the horizon, flying north to south, back and forth, turning sharp angles and reversing directions without slowing down. This took place just south of the Thompson Place/Tanglewilde area of Lacey WA.  After flying north to south, back and forth for about 4 minutes + or – it disappeared behind the treeline to the north and was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.024;-122.7827
