it was silent, erratic, low altitude, no lights, daytime, very fast, hovered;1974-06-15 12:00:00;1-5 minutes;it was silent, erratic, low altitude, no lights, daytime, very fast, hovered I was a small child but I will never forget!  My Grandfather (((name deleted)) {deceased}), my uncle ((name deleted)), and I were both there about mid- day (ish). What is even stranger is that my uncle had recently aquired a pair of binoculars. He  happened to have them that day. I wasn't allowed to use them but my uncle said that the UFO looked like a flying cigar. I saw it as a white/silverish, disk-shaped object that moved erratically.  It hovered, zoomed away, and then back again ( many times in an erratic order).  After a few minutes (seconds), it was GONE! I don't know what it was, but i KNOW it wasn't from this planet/time. Years later, after I had filed it away, I asked my grandfather if he remembered the sighting.  He was about 91 but he said that he had seen a mother ship with small ships lots of times in the area during his 20 something years in Shady Point. I dismissed it as possibly old age but........I know what I saw and I BELIEVE1111 ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));35.1263;-94.6683
Completely dark with stars out, no moon. Pale almost translucent,very distinct shape,all 5 to 6 disk shaped objects. Rotating in a circ;2003-06-28 23:30:00;10 to 15 mins.;Completely dark with stars out, no moon. Pale almost translucent,very distinct shape,all 5 to 6 disk shaped objects. Rotating in a circle counter clock-wise unbelievably fast. They would make 2 or 3 rotations and then all would merge togeather into center and then explode outward into a larger rotation and begin the counter clock-wise rotation. The movement in and out was very graceful and smooth like an inhale and exhale movement. When the objects merged in the center they merged into an orb that was translucent also and we could see a star shinning through. The star stayed in the center the whole time and was twinkling red and white. Did not count how many times these disks rotated or how many orbits. It was very quiet the whole time, even the animals out side were quite but my husband and I talked to each other and asked questions of each other. But we noticed the silence. The disk merged togeather into the center one last time then disappeared. The star remained. The star was not any bigger or any different then the other stars that were out but we went out the next night at the very same time and looked in the same direction and that star is no longer there. It was a very beutiful sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Probably advertising lights.  PD));35.1263;-94.6683
