Suspended white light with blue and red blinking lights low in sky on very clear night;1999-09-09 20:45:00;15 minutes;Suspended white light with blue and red blinking lights low in sky on very clear night In the Fall of 1999 I witnessed something that I will never forget.  I had returned home from work a bit later then normal one evening with thoughts of changing my clothes and then going to visit a sick friend in the hospital which was only about a kilometre from where I lived. I didn’t have much time to get there before visiting hours would be over, it was app. 8:40pm when I left the house,  I lived on a road that only had a french school on it, at the end of the road was a privately owned mini-home community-where I lived.  As I was nearing the french school I noticed a car going extremally slow, it was a neighbor that I talked to from time to time, he lived several houses down my street,  he had his wife and kids with him and he was pointing toward the back of the french school which was close to the back of the hospital..........this is what I seen ! Hoovering, still as can be over a inlet of water about app. 200-300ft away and about 50-75ft up was a very bright white light shining down on the water that lit up everything beneath it like it was daytime, on each side of the white light was a blue blinking light and on each side of the blue blinking lights were red blinking lights, blinking about three times faster then the blue lights, my neighbor and I both pulled over to the side of the road and shut our cars off,  this thing was totally silent,  we watched it for several minutes and came to the conclusion that it wasn’t a plane, helicopter,balloon or anything else that we’ve ever seen before, my neighbor had to leave......I didn’t. I drove up the road a ways to get a little closer to it, I turned off my car and sat against the trunk for about another several minutes observing when the bright white light in the middle of the craft dimmed and then started moving toward me, I was a little scared but more in awe of what I was observing, just as it neared me it turned in a 45 degree angle and headed toward the east and I watched it till it went out of sight.............it moved very slow but precise,  no noise the whole time............I drove back home. I told my wife what just happened....I dont know what she thought of it,  but I had witnesses.  I called the police and they told me to report it to the airport, and they put me through to the controll tower who told me there were no aircraft in in about 2hrs and none coming in for about another 2hrs,  not a very big place.   About 15-20 minutes later there were about 4 small aircraft surrounding the area that I had seen the craft, I told them I watched it till it disappeared into the east so I dont know why they sent them up............curious I guess.   Anyways I’m not lying........dont need the attention !  ....just wanting to share...........since seeing this I have been trying to search for someone else who has seen this same formation of lights.;46.2685879310345;-63.029247413793
