Strange cone-shaped beam of light moves through clouds over Florida.;2003-11-05 20:00:00;1 minute;Strange cone-shaped beam of light moves through clouds over Florida. We took the dog for a walk Wednesday evening. Shortly after leaving the house I noticed a strange, bright light shining through a section of clouds. About the same time I was wondering what it was, my husband made the comment, look at the landing lights from a plane reflecting on the clouds. We stopped to watch, waiting to see the plane emerge as the light was moving in our direction. It was like watching the light from a flashlight and as the person moves toward you, the cone-shaped beam gets larger and brighter. This beam was getting VERY bright and I kept thinking that the clouds must really be reflecting that light because I've seen planes in cloudy conditions and they've never even remotely resembled this. We kept watching and waiting and when the light finally reached the clouds edge, it just seemed to melt away leaving only a line of cloud/smoke that continued the same direction of movement. There was no plane, no craft or any evidence that anything was there except that line of cloud/smoke that kept drifting in the same direction and slowly dissapated.;27.5595;-82.3934000000006
Redish Orange light floating over Parrish FL. Changes from Orange to Grey and floats in one spot.;2012-01-07 20:30:00;10 min.;Redish Orange light floating over Parrish FL. Changes from Orange to Grey and floats in one spot. I was driving West on Golf Course Road, close to Fort Hammer Road in Parrish FL when I saw an Orange/ Red light right in front of me.  At first, it looked like a Planet like Mars, but then I noticed that it was way too big to be a planet. I would say it was about a 5th the size of the moon. As I drove closer, I could see the stars behind it moving at a different speed. This is when I realized that this object was probably only a couple hundred feet above ground. It seemed to stay in one place, then it's glow went away, and it was just a dark grey color. I stopped my car and kept my eye on it. I opened my sunroof to watch it more closely. It slowly flew right over me, but I could barely see it. I couldn't hear any engines or propellers, but my car was running still.  I was watching the constellations for a reference to it's speed and hight, and it went right in front of a star, so I knew it was there. I lost track of it and drove off. My wife was driving in he! r own car 2 minutes behind me. I called her and told her to look, as we were both driving home. She saw it too, and it turned Redish Orange again.;27.5595;-82.3934000000006
Two bright lights one flashing with a descending expanding ring.   ((NUFORC Note:  Rocket launch from Cape Canaveral.  PD));2021-04-23 05:54:00;5 minutes;Two bright lights one flashing with a descending expanding ring. At 5:50 I went outside my house and saw two very bright lights. The one to the left was larger in size and brighter than the one to the right. That is when I noticed the one to the right was flashing every four seconds and an expanding ring was moving downward from it after every flash.  I am retired Coast Guard and have seen many types of flares including parachute flares and have never seen anything like this. In the cell phone video, the first part I am right on my driveway, then I back up to the street and try to zoom in for a better view. This is where you can make out the flashing and expanding ring clearer.;27.5595;-82.3934000000006
