Chevron-shaped craft gliding over Washington, D.C.;2003-07-22 21:15:00;2 minutes;Chevron-shaped craft gliding over Washington, D.C. Just before 9:30 p.m. on July 22, 2003, I turned off the lights in my apartment, on my way to bed. I was startled to see, out my window, what looked at first to be a large passenger jet passing low over the apartment building. (I live in the middle of Washington, D.C., and this is restricted airspace. Passenger jets never fly over this building.) I raced to the window and pulled out the screen in order to get a better view. I saw what looked like a giant boomerang, with several flashing lights around its edge, flying low, slow, and silently toward the west. When it reached the Potomac River, it turned south and continued until it was out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested some type of graphic from the witness.  If anyone knows what this object might have been, we would appreciate a note.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION FROM WITNESS)) Peter Davenport: I'm quite sincere about the report, but I'm not willing to embarrass myself by going public with it in the absence of collaborating witnesses. I have told no one other than my son (who's spending the summer at ((Ivy League school name deleted)), in their Secondary School Program). I left the report on your Web site in the hope that it might find some support. I'm not much good at drawing and it would be difficult for me to accurately portray, from memory, the ships lights. However, I meant what I wrote about it looking like a giant boomerang: The wing tips and nose were all fairly rounded, not pointed, and the craft was relatively flat. (For an example of the type of boomerang I mean, see the Turning Point Ash Natural Elbow Doublers at this Web site: http://www.flight-toys.com/boomerang/hardwood.htm .)  There were lights in various places on the wings--some lights blinking, some lights rotating, others doing neither. Other than that, I don't think I can add much more to my report. Thank you for taking this seriously. ((name deleted)) ((END));38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
large boomerang floating across sky in wash.d.c.-observed with night vision goggles.;2016-03-15 23:15:00;2 minutes;large boomerang floating across sky in wash.d.c.-observed with night vision goggles the boomerang shaped object was very large and was composed of about 17 large white lights one in the center and the others around it making a boomerang shape.  i watched it slowly going across the sky. then another object something like a helicopter came towards it and was flying under it for a distance.  After the object had floated away, the helicopter type object went back to a stationary position in the night sky.  During this whole event there was no sound and possibly no sightings unless someone else was using night vision goggles the way i was because when i tried seeing the object with binoculars it was invisible i had to use my nvg to see it. the helicopter type object could be seen with binoculars but not the boomerang.;38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
