Visiting the capital and city, did not see object at all while taking the pictures, object was unseen at the time.   Took two pictures,;1998-07-24 14:30:00;split second;Visiting the capital and city, did not see object at all while taking the pictures, object was unseen at the time.   Took two pictures, object in first picture but not the second, We were visiting Washington DC.  After visiting a couple of the museums we were walking across the mall.   While in front of the capitol  building I asked the kids to turn and face me.  The daughter grinned at me and I told them that I am going to take the picture again, thats when I shot the second picture.  However the object is not in the picture, but everything else is, the clouds are the same, the people in the background were there, however slightly moved.  The time between the two pictures was about two seconds.  Since our son moved his arm in the second picture, I told them to forget it, and we moved on.  The interesting thing about this and why I remember the date, is that we happened to have been in the Air and Space Museum during the shooting at the Capitol building.   We are interested in knowing what this.  Sun was to my daughters left side;38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
Cigar-shaped craft over Washington, D.C.;2004-08-31 15:39:00;Five seconds;Cigar-shaped craft over Washington, D.C. Witness One: At 3:39 pm on August 31, 2004 I was out on the balcony of my sixth floor residence in a large building inside the no fly zone in Washington, DC.  The day was perfectly clear and I was looking at a contrail in the sky attempting to determine if the contrail was currently being formed.  My sister joined me on the balcony and I pointed to the contrail and told her what I was trying to determine.  She looked away and started to sit down and I saw a large object appear out of one cloud.  I looked at it for a second or two, realized that I could not distinguish any features that I would normally recognize in a plane.  I immediately said to her what's that.  Both of us watched it for approximately three to five seconds until it disappeared into another cloud.  The diameter of the object was slightly larger than a full moon appears in the sky.  It was flying in a south-easterly direction and ascending slightly.  There was no sound.  The object was not shiny and had texture to it it was not completely flat and was a sort of gunmetal color, maybe bordering closer to gold than silver.  There was no sound and there were no lights.  My sister said immediately, that was the classic cigar shape.  She was right.  This object was flying well within the no-fly zone and away from the traditional flight paths that we observe from here which are well to the north.  The object was flying at an altitude common for helicopters.  I got my camera immediately afterward and got a photograph of the two clouds, the one from which it first appeared and the one into which it disappeared.  On May 21 of this year, my sister and I saw balls of light moving furiously in a counter clockwise circle from windows about 10 feet from the balcony where we were today.  Though those balls were much lower in the sky, the location of that incident and this one are almost identical.  Witness Two: It was flying at about the speed I would expect of a commercial aircraft, although it was far, far off the usual commercial flight path.  The thought that kept going through my mind was that's not a plane, it's not a jet.  It was a classic cigar shape, no wings or markings  other than what appeared to be a dark band about one third of the length from the back end. It's difficult to judge size based on distance, but my impression is that it was extremely large, that it was double or more the size of a commercial airliner. It moved very smoothly and silently.  Color was a dull metallic gunmetal and there were no visible lights on the craft.   I agree with everything in my sister's report. ((NUFORC Note:  This appears to us to be a high-quality report, and it is submitted by a witness who has submitted another credible report, in the past.  Based on her description, we do not see how the object could have been any type of conventional aircraft.  We would welcome reports from any other witnesses, who may have witnessed the same event.  PD));38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
I was watching this video on cnn.com look in the far right and watch object fly past sky infront of statue;2009-01-20 17:00:00;1 sec;I was watching this video on cnn.com look in the far right and watch object fly past sky infront of statue <script src=http://i.cdn.turner.com/cnn/.element/js/2.0/video/evp/module.js?loc=dom&vid=/video/politics/2009/01/20/inaug.blitz.gergen.obrien.cnn type=text/javascript></script><noscript>Embedded video from <a href=http://www.cnn.com/video>CNN Video</a></noscript> ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
