elongated ad flattened 6 inch dome, with 1 bright light, hovers and darts like dragonfly, D.C. Mall, 7-4-97;1997-07-04 23:00:00;30 seconds;elongated ad flattened 6 inch dome, with 1 bright light, hovers and darts like dragonfly, D.C. Mall, 7-4-97 I've decided that I should finally share something that I and my then-girlfriend saw over 10 years ago.  This seems to be the best place to do it.  I do not expect it to be taken tremendously seriously, as there are some details I've frankly just forgotten, and it is far from what you hear most UFO reports sounding like, but perhaps it's something to add to your database which could be correlated to other incidents.  I've only recently become deeply interested in this event again, sparked by a discussion with a friend, but I know that it has, in a way, always been in the back of my mind, for over 10 years now. Brought to the fore every time there was some report or show on TV, or a tabloid headline having to do with UFO's.  I do not expect a response to this, though it would be interesting to know if anyone else has ever seen anything like what I describe. First of all, about me:  My name is, let's say Mike.  (I have no trouble giving my true details privately.)  I'm 37 years old, educated, and most would say intelligent. I practiced law for 4 years, now write flight simulation software, and will next year begin teaching high-school mathematics.  My hobbies have included things such as aviation, reading classic literature and about physics, plus even a bit of dabbling in astronomy.  (Just enough to appreciate the TREMENDOUS distances to even the nearest stars... which in my mind would make interstellar travel nearly impossible, at least under physics as we know it.  This is one of the reasons I'm so skeptical and have had real internal conflict over what I saw.)  By the way, I do not have a pilot's license, but do know quite a bit about aviation, theory of flight and such.  With a background such as this, and a mind-set skewed towards logic and science and technology, it's probably no surprise that I'm generally a very skeptical, evidence-oriented person. I frankly view a large part of the UFO movement or whatever it's called as comprised of people who just WANT to believe something -- followers, in a sense, of their own religion, in that many seem as eager to bypass reason and rationality as do the fundamentalists of the traditional religions. I add this only to point out that there really isn't a large part of me that is *eager* to believe this... to believe what I probably must believe if I accept the reality of what she (my girlfriend Lori) and I saw. I think I now am starting to... hence this e-mail, 12 years later. My sighting:  First, I'm actually not certain that this happened in 1997.  Lori and I are no longer together but still talk about this, and we're only 80 percent sure it was '97.  It may have been '96.  Regardless, it was the night of July 4th, and we had been to the National Mall in Washington D.C. to view the fireworks.  We each lived in the northwest suburbs of D.C., so had taken the metro (rail) from Gaithersburg directly down to the mall. (Red line to Orange line.)  We were there all day, watched the fireworks, and in general had a great time. We did not consume any alcohol, as we rarely drank, nor did we take any drugs.  The fireworks had ended.  We were tired and ready to go home. It was around 11 o'clock, I believe.  The crowd there was huge, obviously, so she and I had waited a bit for it to thin out instead of trying to sardine ourselves onto one of the metro train cars. So we started walking (I remember it as we were walking west, on the north side of the mall), and were heading towards the Nat'l Mall entrance to the Smithsonian Metro station.  We were not far at all from this entrance, certainly within 100 feet.  Then, from nowhere, this... thing.. appeared. Carmel and I have always referred to it as the dragonfly UFO. It was on our left, slightly above eye-level -- no more than 10 feet high -- and I'm certain it was within 15 feet of us the whole time, at several moments probably less than half that. This thing was the size of a large dragonfly, I would say around 6 inches, and it flew and hovered the way a dragonfly might... just with MUCH more quick and abrupt movements. Like gravity and inertia didn't mater to it. It would be hovering, and then a handful of seconds later, in what seemed like an instant, it would zip over and be hovering several feet away in a new spot. We were walking while this was all happening, mouths agape I'm sure and staring, but afraid to stop I guess because of the main light's striking brightness. It did seem like it was paying attention to us (I can't believe I'm saying this, but like it was scanning us), so, during the probably 30 second period this all lasted, we saw this zipping around movement I described several times. It was so astounding. How that made us feel is complicated. In fact, I can only speak for myself. I just know that as this was happening, a few times I glanced quickly around to see if others were seeing this too. There were people around, so I suppose I felt a little bit of the whole safety in numbers thing. On the other hand, it did seem to stay near us, and we saw its light from the brightest aspect angles, I assume, so it did seem like we were being evaluated somehow. Combine that with the fact that this thing does NOT, truly, seem to be anything that would come from this Earth, and yes, there's a level of fear that mixes in. So all in all, I personally was a little scared, VERY amazed by what it could do, and frankly felt somewhat entertained by it (to the point that I was laughing... as if I knew then I'd never see such a spectacular show again.)  Sound.... This thing made no sound whatsoever. (Even considering the background noise, which is actually not as much as you'd might imagine that time of night on the Nat'l Mall, I feel confident that, given this thing's proximity to us at times, we should have heard something.) Lori agreed with this: if there were anything to hear, we would've. This dragonfly SEEMED to be slightly illuminated, but perhaps was just so shiny that it was reflecting the background light. I'm honestly not sure. It was hard to see past its main light. This was a very bright yellowish light, facing forward, from the head... though it struck me that calling that direction forward was somewhat arbitrary... and I really only could call it the head because that's where the light was. But this main light didn't show up as a beam, despite its intensity.  Again, maybe because there was a fair amount of background light in the area. What I did make out past of the object past that bright light could be best described as a very elongated computer mouse -- a flatter bottom, more rounded top, and length that was probably 3 - 4 times its width. Height was maybe half its width. All edges were rounded... nothing sharp. By FAR the most interesting feature of this miracle dragonfly was that there seemed to be two small spherical wings to it. But it wasn't like the blurry whirlwind you'd see when a humming bird or dragonfly are moving their wings very rapidly. It was more like a slightly yellow luminescent haze. Kind of like when you can see the heat rising from the asphalt on a hot summer day, but this was more intense than that. Somehow more turbulent or wigglier. These circles, where dragonfly wings would've been, were not large. Maybe a couple of inches, probably slightly less (because they were less than 1/3 its length). But certainly they were not large enough, had it actually been the blur of wings, to support even the lightest weight imaginable for a body of that size... i.e., even though we refer to it as the dragonfly UFO, its yellow haze ball wings were not nearly as large, proportionately, as a dragonfly's. One thing striking to both Lori and I is that only one other person seemed to see what we were seeing, though there were probably a dozen people within a 30 - 40 foot diameter. It was a girl between 5 to 10 feet behind us, and who herself was several feet away from who I assume was her boyfriend. She and I just quickly glanced at each other, puzzled, amazed, after this thing flew away. Those parts I remember clearly. I think I may have said something like what the HELL was that, but I can't be sure that I wasn't just thinking it. I know she said nothing to me, but looked shocked and far too white for July in D.C.. As I said, this thing seemed to come out of nowhere. When it left, about 30 seconds later, it receded to our left (which I believe was south at that point, towards the Potomac), very rapidly, in a flat trajectory. No more than +5 degrees flight path. It was as if this thing had instantly decided to go monitor someone else a mile away. The speed at which it left I'd say was 80 to 100 miles per hour. But I could not keep it in sight for long, and don't know if it sped up after that, or where it went. And it reached that 80 - 100 mph speed very, very quickly... as I look at the second hand of my computer clock and replay this in my mind, I'd say just a bit over a second. 1.25 +/- . But you have to understand that this thing was not so easy to see unless the main light was visible to you, and near the end it was not visible to us. You could track it if you HAD seen the main light, and then it turned and maneuvered, but with the way it blended with everything else, pulling in and reflecting, almost duplicating the visual surroundings, I doubt that someone who wasn't in the path of the main light would have noticed it at all. I remember this very clearly: this object did not have to yaw or turn so that it was facing the direction it wanted to fly, nor did it have to pitch its nose up as a typical helicopter would if it wanted to fly backwards. This stuck with me. Standard fixed or rotor wing flight principles are out of the question here. Jet and rocket engines make noise, of which this had none. Even the ion engine things I've seen are not equipped to power something in the way that we saw. Nuclear... sure, whatever. But these are power sources, not propulsion sources, and there is no physics text book in the land that could describe how something could move this way. You almost have to have seen it to believe it... those yellow luminescent wing spheres... the INSTANTANEOUS stopping and starting. No way. Skeptics may dismiss things like these as obvious hoaxes, but I'm telling you, neither I, nor my ex-girlfriend are idiots. I've tried for 12 years to find ways to convince myself it was some super secret CIA craft, but I just can't believe that. The principles behind this dragonfly just simply strike me as things which are thousands of years ahead of our technology. I have never heard of UFO sightings such as this, with a small craft doing dragonfly-like darting maneuvers. But I can tell you that Lori and I discussed this incident many times, and there was always an element of disbelief in those conversations. I'm not sure either of us ever said this explicitly (maybe because of fear of ridicule by the other... because we're intelligent, rational people, right?), but I'm pretty sure there was an unspoken understanding between us that this thing was not built by man. Yet it was definitely intelligently controlled. The conclusion is one I've avoided, but which is obvious.... I've attached a very rudimentary bitmap. I'm not much with any of those paint programs, but it gives you a pretty close idea. However, as I look at what I drew, it seems to me that the length should be still longer. Still 6 inches, but the other sides adjusted proportionally down, so that the whole thing would appear longer and thinner, a super fat cigar, almost. By the way, I should tell you, I admire the work your organization is doing, and believe, given what I've seen, and given what it seems others have seen, that your hard work will be validated and highly appreciated within the next 50 years. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
Elongated and flattened  dome, with 1 bright light, hovers and darts like dragonfly, D.C. Mall, July 4th 1997;1997-07-04 23:00:00;30 seconds;elongated and flattened 6dome, with 1 bright light, hovers and darts like dragonfly, D.C. Mall, July 4th 1997 I've decided that I should finally share something that I and my friend and at least one other person saw over 10 years ago. It's something to add to your database so that it could perhaps be correlated to other incidents.  Please note that I'm actually not certain that this happened on Independence Day 1997 it may have been Independence Day of 1996.  But my friend and I have talked about this event many times since then, and we're 80 percent sure it was 1997. I'm a D.C. metro area educated professional, in my mid 30's. I've long been interested in both aviation and astronomy, and know quite a bit about each.   I'm generally a very skeptical, practical and evidence-oriented person, and until the moment of this sighting, I would not have given the UFO topic the time of day.  But there were multiple witnesses to this event, so I can't simply dismiss it, and yet I also can't explain it in any conventional way. My friend and I had been to the National Mall in Washington D.C. to view the 4th of July fireworks. We had taken the Metro rail into the city, were there at The Mall all day, watched the fireworks, and they had recently ended.  We had not consumed any alcohol. The crowd there had been huge, obviously, so we waited a bit for the masses of people to thin out instead of trying to sardine ourselves onto a Metro car.  This incident therefore must've occurred around 11p.m. We were walking on the Mall on the eastern side of Washington Monument, headed west, toward the northern-most entrance to the Smithsonian Metro station.  We were not far at all from the entrance, certainly within 100 feet, when we first saw this small object.  We have always referred to it as the dragonfly UFO  (Googling that phrase now, I see it has its own meaning in UFO circles.  But what we saw looked nothing like that infamous hoax.)   This object was to our left, slightly above eye-level, and I'm certain it was within 15 feet of us for this 30-second duration, and at several moments probably less than half that distance.  It was about 6 inches at its longest, and it darted and hovered the way a dragonfly or hummingbird might, with extremely quick and abrupt stops and starts. Like gravity and inertia were barely an inconvenience.  It would be hovering for a handful of seconds, and then in almost an instant it would zip over and be hovering several feet away.  We saw this particular movement probably 5 or 6 times.  The object was definitely intelligently controlled, as it seemed interested in the people in the area. It made no sound whatsoever, and given this thing's proximity to us we should have heard something. (Even considering the background noise.) It was just astounding to see. The object consisted of two main parts: a very bright main light up above, and underneath that a handful of inches was a slightly illuminated, metallic-looking dome.  Like a slightly flattened and elongated top half of a softball.  But I'm less certain of that aspect, since it was hard to see past the object's upper main light.  That light was a very bright, with a yellowish and brilliant glow, facing forward from what I perceived to be the object's front. The most interesting feature of this object, to me -- what I could see since it was slightly lower than the 'body' (itself below the main light) -- was that there seemed to be two small, slightly yellow and luminescent areas of haze underneath the central area, the area where wings should've been. This haze reminded me of the heat that rises a few inches from black asphalt on a hot summer day, but it was more intense and turbulent -- finer, in a sense.  These hazy areas were basically spherical and not very large -- maybe 2 or 3 inches -- sitting just below the body. When the object left, about 30 seconds after we first saw it, it flew towards our front left (south to southwest) very rapidly, and in a basically flat trajectory.  This would be towards what is now the Whitten Building.  It left at a speed of probably 80-100 mph, but it reached this speed very quickly, in only a second or maybe slightly more.  And one thing I specifically remember extremely clearly is that this object, when hovering and darting, did not have to yaw or turn in any way to accommodate the direction in which it was about to fly.  Knowing aviation as I do, this struck me as particularly odd. So, standard fixed- or rotor-wing flight principles were not at work here.  They just weren't.   This object clearly was not flying aerodynamically, or based on standard lift, and yet I'm confident it was intelligently controlled.  Its near instantaneous stopping and starting, the lack of sound, the unique brilliance of the top light... it was amazing.  As strange as it sounds and as! hard as it has been for me to come to terms with, I simply cannot imagine that this object was manufactured by humans. I know that many people had to have seen this object that night. I'm amazed that I've not been able to find any similar reports. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
While on vacation in Washington, DC, standing in front of the White House, my 8 yr old son captured something very strange on our video;1997-07-28 13:00:00;.23 secs;Summary : While on vacation in Washington, DC, standing in front of the White House, my 8 yr old son captured something very strange on our video camera. The object appears in 7 frames of a standard 30 frame per second VHS tape. I am not experienced in these matters. I have had the tape digitally analyzed and the object appears to have a definite form and reflects sun light as if it were metallic. It was pure accident that we caught it on video and did not discover it until we were back home viewing the vacation tape. This is an interseting video. I would appreciate some assistance in presnting this to media. please call.;38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
Craft with bright white lights motionless over Southwest Washington D.C.;2004-05-25 08:10:00;10 seconds;Craft with bright white lights motionless over Southwest Washington D.C. I was walking to my job at the Federal Government this morning from Smithsonian Metro. I was approaching the crosswalk and stopped because I had to wait for the light to change. I looked up in the clouded gray sky in the distance and noticed what looked like bright white lights. They were motionless at first. At first I thought it was one of those posts of lights simular to those at a ball park or construction site. Then the second thing I thought of was a plane, since this area is not far from Reagan National Airport. The craft, or what I could see of it was motionless. I could not get a closer look because I was stuck at the intersection. It started to move and drifted slowly behind the trees before I could start walking again. I noticed that the planes that are taking off from the airport this morning are no longer lit up since it is now the day time. A plane would not sit motionless like that. Helecopters tend to hover then move, but this was no helecopter, since it had the multiple bright white lights. The area where I saw the craft is also not far from the Pentagon. It could have been something military. I am not sure. I did not see it again. The area where it appeared to be hovering over was Maine Avenue. I was on the corner of 14th street and C street. The object was to the south near the bridge that crosses the Potomac River.;38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
Hovering saucer-shaped object, yellow lights, approached by bronze-colored object, triangular or flying wing shape, which hovered near.;2007-03-05 19:00:00;10 min;Hovering saucer-shaped object, yellow lights, approached by bronze-colored object, triangular or flying wing shape, which hovered near. (Preliminary report) 2 objects observed.  (1) saucer shape, yellow flashing lights, hovering near tree-top level, no sound  (2) approached by second object, triangular or flying wing shape, also silent, not well lit, appeared sort of bronze colored, approached first craft and hovered nearby.  2nd object seemed to fade slowly from view, possibly obscured by cloud.  Watched for 10 minutes, then had to leave.  First object still in view at that time. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the party who submitted this report for a friend.  The friend did not want to be identified, but the caller sounded to us to be quite serious-minded and credible.  PD));38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
It was a round white light with tentacles sticking out blue and white, look like a spider.;2008-05-29 06:47:00;30 min;It was a round white light with tentacles sticking out blue and white, look like a spider. On Thurday morning may 29th 2008 at 6:47 am edt, I went outside on my porch And sat down to get some air and just casually looked up in the sky. I saw something in the sky that looked like a spider with a light on its belly.  At first I thought it was a balloon but in the light breeze yesterday it was not moving. Also It was as high as a helicopter so the visual was not that ba to see and the sky was dead clear and even though it was day the sun was not quite all the way shining but against the sky it was clear. It had long stringy arms or tentacles which were blue and white not really straight but slightly curly. I went in the house after watching it for 15 min hoping to see a plane or something else and when to call 2 tv statins channel 8 and 9 which I called channel 9 today to see if they when to se Washington dc to see if they saw what I saw and the said they went there and saw nothing. I returned outside aroung 7:17 am and the arms were shorter and more curly and tha sky was getting sunny. I went back to bed. I awakened at 1 pm and nothing was there.;38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
UFO flies into frames taken @ US Capitol Building @ 17:06 PM 1080 HD;2008-11-18 19:06:00;19:06:54;UFO flies into frames taken @ US Capitol Building @ 17:06 PM 1080 HD A film crew and I set up establishing images of US Capitol Building at 17:06:06, I fired 7 images within a 52 second window.  In 4 of 5 images is an anomaly which flies into the frame, and changes position in each frame in sequence?  Taken using HD 1080 imaging technology at 20,700 ISO (D1) using Nikon D700 camera.  Anomaly matched objects imaged at the same location however on July 16, 2002.  Images placed in sequence and animated shows this anomaly moved with intelligent design.  Its images samples are exceptional! Video taken to be analyzed. (Discovery Sci-Fi Crew) ((NUFORC Note:  We are grateful to the source of the report, who has submitted many reports and photos to our Center.  Although the individual is a very experienced photographer, we cannot certify that any of the photos he has submitted to us are of genuine UFO's.  They contain apparent anomalies, but that does not necessarily translate to alien craft, captured on film.  We hope that the individual, at some time, will be able to capture an unambiguous photo of a genuine UFO.  PD));38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
The object looked like top of a heart shape and was very large and appeared to make no noise and also had no patter;2009-03-20 20:40:00;5 minutes;The object looked like top of a heart shape and was very large and appeared to make no noise and also had no patter I was looking up at the sky and i saw a shadow going through the sky. I thought at first that it was a giant bird of some kind but then i realized it was too large. It looked like a lower case m or the top of a heart shape. The had a sort of a white glow around its forward perimeter and was going quite fast yet made no noise. It appeared as if it were just gliding very smoothly through the air. I went inside to get my dad and told him i saw something odd in the sky and then he came out and i saw it again but he did not. It came around a 3rd time and he saw it and we though it may be a searchlight but it had no pattern and it was oddly shaped and then we though maybe a stealth bomber but it was the wrong shape and bird was out of the question so we were left with a ufo. We waited outside for about 10 more minutes but it never showed up again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
I captured a red sphere like anomaly in 15 frames of 1080 i HD imagery? 5 minutes later and 100 yards from POV we stopped the car and I;2009-08-10 23:12:00;5 minutes;While at Haines Point in SW Washington DC, while photographing model/artist DM  My camera would not focus on her during the duration of images taken in high sequense @ 20000 ISO (D700 Nikon) using F 1.8 lens, and had excellent ambient light to fire high speed sequence under hand held conditions.   However I captured a red sphere like anomaly in 15 frames of 1080 i HD imagery?  5 minutes later and 100 yards from POV we stopped the car and I fired 3 frames of L'Enfant Plaza and what I thought was the Moon, except the moon was in another position in the sky?  My 3 frames showed this anomaly with consistency in slow, forwards motion.  It was moving towards us, but we left to soon to find out if that was indeed the case?  High definition physical samples of both  Red sphere and Moon like (acorn) shaped anomaly.;38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
A group of darting/revolving round white lights moving together at a very high speed across the sky.;2012-01-29 19:20:00;8 to 10 seconds;A group of darting/revolving round white lights moving together at a very high speed across the sky. I also made a report last night, about 30 minutes after seeing this, to a site called UFOSNM. Today is Monday Jan 30th 2012. Description: I live in Washington DC. Moving almost exactly from east to west (I have checked the direction on google earth) at about 7:20 pm today (01/29/12) I saw a large group of round white lights, maybe 10 or 12 of them, seemingly apart from each other, in a group, moving far too quickly to be plane/jet/etc.  Although the lights moved around each other at a very fast rate, the group traveled in a straight line  It looked like each white light was moving around each other in a pattern.  Somewhat like bees do around a hive.  I have no idea what this was but what I do know is it was not like anything that I have ever seen before.  I should add that this could NOT be any aircraft known. This close group of revolving/moving lights moved across the entire sky in approximately 10 seconds.  Fantastic, whatever it was.  I might also add that I have never made any such report before.*other than note above. The sky was clear at this time.  No way to determine altitude.  I watched this ‘group of lights’ until they reached the horizon and faded out. The reason for me making this report is that,  1/ Being the nation’s capitol, I think that this should be looked into. 2/ I would like to find out if there was any other report of what I saw, seeing that we have so many aircraft in this area. I am 60 years old.  Have good eye sight with glasses.  UK citizen.  Registered Alien (not a joke).;38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
Perfectly vertical streak of light;2012-06-22 20:02:00;1 ML sec;During an electrical storm 6-22-2012 at 20:01 PM, I filmed an object which registered as a perfectly vertical streak of light through the image area of 1 frame in video filmed @ 24 frames per second at a shutter speed of 1/8000th of a second.  Whatever it was, it was luminous against the clouds, and left a perfectly straight horizontal luminous impression in this one frame of action within the video stream. Imaged using HD 1920 x 1080 video.  I have never seen anything like this!;38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
2 glowing orange crafts, in the shape of hang-gliders, passed across the sky.;2015-01-01 21:25:00;2 minutes;2 glowing orange crafts, in the shape of hang-gliders, passed across the sky. 2 glowing orange crafts, in the shape of very large hang-gliders, passed across the sky. First starting closer and larger and then disappeared after sheer distance away from me and clouds in the sky.  About a one minute delay in-between second sighting.    Second sighting took a slightly different path but ultimately also disappeared because of distance.;38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
I have never reported a sighting before so please forgive missing details. I was walking home Sunday morning around 1100hrs in northwes;2016-10-02 11:00:00;4 minutes;I have never reported a sighting before so please forgive missing details.  I was walking home Sunday morning around 1100hrs in northwest Washington, DC.  I noticed a strange object hovering in the sky, about 30-40 feet up, across the street from me, maybe a total distance of 60-70 ft between myself and the object.  The object was unlike anything I’ve ever seen.  It was a worm-like shape and it hovered in the same position for roughly 3 minutes while I was able to take photos.   At first I thought it could have been an unusual entanglement of those narrow balloons used to make balloon animals, however, I don’t believe they could have floated in this position with helium.  The object moved only slightly, despite a breeze which would have greatly moved even an anchored balloon.  No wire, ribbon or any kind of string was present.  As I ran around the corner to try and get right underneath it, I could not find it.;38.9066060549607;-77.0252989753134
