A sphere 15-20 feet wide chasing me and blinking on and off then dissapearing.;1997-06-15 21:00:00;1 minute;A sphere 15-20 feet wide chasing me and blinking on and off then dissapearing. My name is ((deleted)). I  am 43 years old and living in NC. I spent the first 41 years of my life in NY. I have been hiding a secret since 1997 and I cannot live with this anymore. I  am afraid if I tell anyone what happened to me they will think I’m crazy. In the summer of 1997 I was living in Patchogue Long Island. I was driving to my girlfriend ((girl's name deleted)) house traveling north on rout 112 by a small wooded area with my windows open. At about 9pm   I noticed an unusually large bright orange sphere in the sky to my front right. It was only visible through the top of my front windshield.  I  thought it was a star or a planet at first but as I slowed down to look closer it looked like it was getting bigger.  I remember closing and opening my eyes to make sure I wasn’t seeing spots or hallucinating. I then stopped my car and turned my radio down so I could concentrate on the object and as I watched I noticed that it wasn’t getting bigger it was getting closer. At that point I knew I was witnessing something incredible. I was in total shock. The object was perfectly round, I tried to hear if it was making noise but I couldn’t tell because my engine was running. It was glowing and it was coming straight toward me. It was about 15-20 feet in diameter and it stopped  at my front right  about 10 feet from my car. It was at that time I realized It was studying me. When I realized it’s focus was on me I became terrified. I slammed my foot on the gas to try and get away but it started following me by staying in front of my car no matter how fast I was going. I knew then that it was capable of getting me no matter how fast I  went. I noticed a gas station coming up on my right. As soon as I got closer to the gas station it started moving further away from me in  front of my car and started blinking on and off. It disappeared  then reappeared higher in the sky. It did this about four or five times. Its last appearance was directly in front of the road by the gas station. It then shot up until it was no longer visible from the drivers seat of my car. I kept driving toward my girlfriends house at a high rate of speed, I still thought I was in danger until I arrived at her house. I parked in front and sat in my car for a minute or two to get myself together. I decided not to tell anyone and spent the rest of the night in a daze. At the time I was working as a supervisor on the day shift in a mail sorting warehouse. One of my employees and also a friend that worked there would always talk about aliens and UFO’s. I always poked fun at him and made jokes about it. If anyone would believe what happened to me it would be him. The day after my experience I went to work at 8am and waited for David to come in. I then told him in confidence what happened and he suggested we go back to the location to look for any evidence. We looked in the wooded area where I first saw the sphere but there was none. We went to the gas station where I last saw the object to get some coffee and the clerk overheard our conversation about the incident and told us that he had witnessed the same thing. He described the object to a tee and said he had seen it appear and reappear for at least 15 minutes blinking on and off over and over again. I was so relieved to know I wasn’t crazy. Ever since then I have had some strange experiences that I cannot explain. I’m having a very hard time with this and am in need of help. That is the reason I am writing. There is a lot more to my story that I need to tell. I tried my best to keep it short for now. Please help. I am in desperate need to speak with someone about this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.8212;-72.9852000000001
Several noiseless, pale orange, non-blinking spheres, floating from south to north in Medford, LI, NY;2014-06-29 21:40:00;7 minutes;Several noiseless, pale orange, non-blinking spheres, floating from south to north in Medford, LI, NY Several brightly lit pale orange sphere objects (totally noiseless),steadily lit (no blinking or additional lights), appearing to float across the sky at small airplane speed from the south to a northerly direction at approximately 9:40pm-9:45pm on 6/29/2014.;40.8212;-72.9852000000001
