Strange reddish orange blinking lights flying across the sky!;2015-04-15 23:30:00;45 seconds;Strange reddish orange blinking lights flying across the sky! Strange reddish orange blinking lights seen in the night sky.  No sound.  One craft with a row of three or four blinking lights flying in a strange pattern and circled back around. Moving fast and not in a straight line but kind of jerky.;33.591732;-92.848
A brightly lit UFO flitted high in the sky in rural south central AR.;2021-08-17 01:10:00;~1 minute;A brightly lit UFO flitted high in the sky in rural south central AR. I was lying in my bed, looking out a window, when I saw a bright object in the sky. I had yet to go to sleep, so this wasn't a hallucination after waking up in the middle of the night .  The roofline of our house is such that the northern side peaks in the middle about 18 ft high internally and the southern peaks about 15 ft high in the middle. (We haven't actually measured, so this is a rough estimate.) This allows for south-facing windows that are about 13 ft up the wall in our central hallway. Not easy to look out, unless you happen to be in the master bedroom, the ceiling of which is vaulted with the northern roof and has passthrough windows about 12 ft high that provide obnoxious light during some moonlit nights. The house is on a hill in a forested neighborhood with minimal light pollution, so bright objects in the sky are very easily discerned. All of this is to provide context that, from my bed, I can clearly see the part of southern sky that would overlook Camden, AR.  I wondered if it was one of the Starlink satellites, but it was moving back and forth in a small (from my PoV) area for at least a minute.  The UFO was emitting a bright white light, and there might have been a bit of green, like planes or small personal boats have for determining movement path. I'm not sure the green light wasn't just a glare.  Because I don't have a telescope or binoculars, I couldn't determine the shape or size of the craft. When it moved about in different directions, an aura glare made me think the shape was triangular. I would not stage my life upon that guess, however.  If I had to guess, the UFO was several thousand feet in the air over Camden, AR, or further south of Camden.  I am a married, white 30-year-old female. I have never taken recreational drugs. I might have one alcoholic beverage a month at the most. There is no history of mental illness in my family. I have a B.S. from Texas Tech. I had my eyes checked in May of 2020 and had 20/20 vision I've never had corrective surgery upon my eyes. I'm a night owl, so it isn't unusual for me to be awake in the early hours of the night.  In conclusion, I was of sound mind and wide awake when I happened to see a bright light fly erratically over a small area for about one minute.;33.591732;-92.848
