It was the night of March 10th 2007 at around 2:10 in the morning. Me and my best friend Steve were sitting in his car waiting to go on;2007-03-10 02:30:00;15 - 20 minutes;It was the night of March 10th 2007 at around 2:10 in the morning. Me and my best friend Steve were sitting in his car waiting to go on a school-organized trip to Quebec. The bus left at 5:00 am so Steve and I decided to stay up and wait to drive to the bus and sleep the whole drive up. We decided to wait on a new road that connected two different subdivisions (Voyager Run and Kingswood). The road was off of a lake and had no streetlights because it was just built. We parked the car near the only source of light, which I believe was a little watershed or hut with one light bulb at the top.  While sitting in the car my friend pointed out a bright white light in what we assumed was a far distance in comparison the trees on the lake. At first my friend thought it was a planet because of the random blinking of the light. After looking at this light for 5 minutes the passenger window become streaky and slightly fogged. After the streaks were formed we both realized this light was moving by keeping our heads completely still and by comparing the close streaks on the window to the light in the distance.  Once we made this realization after about 10 minutes of the movement of the light we noticed a drastic increase in the speed it was moving and could notice that it wasn’t moving sideways anymore but towards us and was getting bigger. After watching this light move closer for 2 minutes, 3 more lights other than the original white flashing light were becoming visible. The other lights were, a very light blue on the left side, a bright red on the opposite side, and an even brighter white/yellow light on the top which would make it a triangle if it weren’t for the other original flashing white light which was flashing slower and in different places making the shape unrecognizable.  At this point the shape was still to far to recognize a flying pattern which was the last thing leaving my friend and I to believe it still might be an airplane or something explainable.  After only another minute or so trying to interpret what this was the distance this thing seemed to travel in a short period of time seemed unbelievable. Once the object seemed to be close enough to be able to hear an engine I rolled my window down. As soon as my window went down I can’t explain the feeling I got instantly it was a feeling of panic. My friend panicked as well because the object was hovering with a very slight humming sound over the lake infront of us. As the object was getting close it moved in a very slight up and down movement but continued to move in a forward direction. The object wasn’t very high in the sky, maybe about a 10-story building. The way it moved made it hard to tell a shape. I only got about a 5 - 10 second detailed look at it. I am positive that I saw a curve to the shape on one side. The curve seemed to progressively light up with three different colors one at a time then fade them backwards in the same manor. It was identical to the way the equalizers show the bass hits in a song but only horizontal and on one side of the object. The colors that lit up along the side were red, green, and yellow.  My friend instantly started the car in fear when the object was flying in a direction that would pass behind the car. As my friend started the car and put the car in gear the object had just passed behind the car and it instantly changed directions towards the car. The feeling of fear and curiosity that this thing had spotted us was a feeling I could not describe. My heart was beating incredibly fast I have never felt anything like this. At first the feeling was fear and the feeling of a much greater power or energy in the sky that was capable of anything.  As my friend and I drove out towards the other end of the road that connected the two subdivisions the object would appear out my window one second and then my friends window as we went around every slight turn. Eventually when we reached the main road the object was no longer in sight anywhere.  I know what I saw was something of the unexplainable because of the feeling I got. I described the whole 20-minute encounter as best as I could with as much detail. If anyone has a similar story around the same area or different PLEASEEE let me know. I will never forget this experience that I witnessed just the other week. I am only 18, but my friend and I know that whatever we saw was not explainable. I decided to keep the story to myself the whole time in Quebec because when I tell it its impossible to share the feeling of the experience.  Contact me at ((e-address deleted)) with any similar or explainable info.;44.73;-63.7761
