Triangle Black Object too Big, Quiet, and Fast.;1999-12-23 20:30:00;5 minutes;Triangle Black Object too Big, Quiet, and Fast. Hello, I am reporting this incident after seeing your site on a national geographic television show on 5/22/2006.   While driving from our home 45 miles away we were going to visit my inlaws for the Christmas holiday.  The in-laws live approximately 15 miles out of town which is a very rural area of Hempstead county just outside the town of Hope, AR.  The local small airport and tower is also North and West of Hope, AR, but on a seperate State road #278.  The road I was traveling on was highway # 73 which is approximately 3 to 5 miles West of 278.  To get to the airport one must travel US 278 for about 5 miles from the city limits of Hope, AR.  I was approx 5 miles on US 73 heading NW when I told my wife to look at that plane with his landing lights on.  He sure is low to the ground and even though the airport was only approx 2 to 3 miles due east he was too low to land at any of the 3 runways there.  I told her to pull over and back up because we were on a straight stretch that was approx 1/2 mile long, I said it looks like he is trying to land on the road. As we pulled over the light changed directions from due west and turned toward us just above several houses and 50 to 75 ft oak trees.  I told her to put it into reverse and back up as fast as possible.  Just as she got into reverse, the light was aimed toward us but not upon our vehicle.  It appeared to hover just above the farm and chicken houses and oak trees that are adjacent to US 73.  I rolled down my window to listen and get a better look, had my wife shut off the engine.  It was a clear bright night, crisp cold air, no visible clouds in the sky and stars were plentyful.  I got out and looked at the object hoovering maybe 1/4 mile from us, only a front white light on, but the shape was unmistakenably triangle.  I could not hear any noise coming from the object, only the sound of chicken houses and the occassional dog barking.  With the crisp cold air I thought any sound from the craft would be easy to hear and travel far, but no one in the houses came out to look at the object,nor did the poultry appear scared.  After maybe 1 1/2 minutes to 2 minutes the object turned the light off, turned due West and took off very slowly and then just sped up so fast it was gone.  The object turned on its axis without forward movement, engine sound or any visible jet blast or thrust  from what I called the rear of the craft after the point turned due west.  I have seen 4 other craftin my past and present, but none of them gave me the close up view like the triangle vehicle did.  I did look ((initials deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.6291;-93.8093
