3 reddish-orange lights in the sky.;2013-12-31 23:40:00;1-2 minutes;3 reddish-orange lights in the sky In the 11 oclock hour on New Years Eve night, my girlfriend and I were sitting at our firepit enjoying the fire when she noticed something in the sky.  As I spotted it my first thought was maybe it is a police helicopter using infared to track any criminal activity. But I did not not hear any blades rotating, there was no noise at all. Suddenly there were 2 more lights with it.  I can best describe these lights as round, reddish-orange balls of light.  They did not change color or pulsate and they seem to be flying in a tight formation.  They seem to move very slow as we tried to figure out what we were seeing.  I grabbed her phone to try and get video of these lights but I could not see them through the lens.  We were both shaken up a bit as we were seeing this and all I could do is watch to see what they might do next.  This is where I was most shocked.  I had my eyes locked on these 3 objects and like that...they were gone!  It was like someone hit a switch and tu! rned the lights off.  They never got out of formation , nor did they move left or right, up or down.  They just disappeared all together.  My girlfriend and I have investigated the paranormal on the side for awhile now and I will tell you that I have seen alot of strange things, but nothing like this.  I have been racking my brain trying to figure this out and there is no explanation that I can come up with.  In my research I have found that many people have reported seeing these same lights and what is really strange is that I came across a report stating that someone saw something very similar on the same night, around the same time, somewhere in Sweden!  I will definetly be watching the skies more often now as I hope to see them again and hopefully get some footage this time.  I emailed one of the local news stations here to ask if they had any reports of the same thing but have got no response.  Believe it or not, I know what I saw with my own eyes.  I am glad that I got to expe! rience something like this as it was one of the most amazing t! hings I have ever seen.;34.9273999999999;-82.3186000000001
