Multiple Neon Green Objects Flying In Formation;1980-03-15 02:00:00;10 seconds;Multiple Neon Green Objects Flying In Formation Back in the winter of 1980, I had been spending  my weekends skiing in the White Mountains of New Hampshire.  I had been traveling every weekend to the North country throughout the winter, always in the early hours of Saturday morning as I had a second shift engineering job and I would not leave my Massachusetts workplace until 12:30 am.  So, the times of my being northbound on US Route 93 was 2:00 am onward. On the early March Saturday morning in question,  there had been a terrible rain and snow storm.  This storm was typical of the type of late winter storm that occurs in New England.  Because of the weather conditions and the time of night, there were no vehicles traveling, or if they were, vehicles were few and far between.  As I proceeded North conditions remained treacherous.  I had just passed  the city of Concord NH on US Route 93 when the stormy weather suddenly stopped and driving conditions were back to normal.  No slush on the highway, no freezing rain or snow falling.  It was just me and the highway with a smattering of vehicles moving normally in both north and south directions. Suddenly, ahead of me, I saw a strange glow moving south heading towards and directly ahead of me.  This glow was below the very low cloud cover.  I remember I was watching the sky anyways as the storm had just stopped and the driving conditions had returned to normal. This glow was moving very quickly, like a blink of an eye.  Then, the low flying glow became this neon green light.  My view to the sky was keen as the car I owned then had a very large windshield that came up to almost my driving position and provided me with a panoramic view of the sky.  As the green glow quickly came to me, I suddenly saw a large number of what I would describe as objects in the shape of white corpuscles, only neon green.  There were, as best that I can remember, about a dozen of these objects all flying in formation, one after the other passing directly overhead of me.  The last three were abit a skewed to one side but still in formation, one after the other.  I saw these objects fly in total silence over my car moving just under the low cloud cover. My first reaction was to quickly stop my car.  I turned around and saw these objects continue on their southerly direction following the ribbon of highway and disappear into the low cloud cover.  The clouds reflected the green glow. Then they were gone as quickly as they had appeared. I remember thanking God for allowing me to see something that I could truly not explain. I also saw just a very small handful of cars stopped on the north and southbound side of the highway as I was.  I regret not jumping out to talk to these drivers about what we had just seen. I remember this experience as though it had happened yesterday, the vision still fresh in my mind.  I don’t tell people about it as they would not be able to comprehend it.  I have a BSc degree from Dalhousie University on Halifax N.S.  My career has been in Engineering and up until last year I was a Unix Analyst for ten years with a major American investment company.  I swear that this statement is true. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.2326750000001;-71.5580985294118
Very bright, could not see shape traveled northeast, not to fast ,but it was big and bright ,no other lights.Path like from bow to epso;2012-08-07 21:00:00;6 minutes;very bright, could not see shape traveled northeast, not to fast ,but it was big and bright ,no other lights.Path like from bow to epsom.;43.2326750000001;-71.5580985294118
