Long, cigar-shaped object dark grey with three oddly-placed lights rapid flight path and silent;2013-09-24 21:45:00;6 seconds;Long, cigar-shaped object dark grey with three oddly-placed lights rapid flight path and silent At 21:45 PM, my father and I were sitting in our backyard looking up into the night watching the occasional satellite and meteor go across the skyline.  I turned my head to the north and was looking at a couple of constellations when all of a sudden I saw a large, dark grey object come over the house at a fast rate of speed. It was heading from the north, going south, and there was absolutely NO SOUND heard.  I immediately pointed and alerted my father. He managed to see it in time before it went past and was lost from view.  We got up to see if we could still track where it was going, but it was gone within seconds.  The object was a long cigar shape and the size was large. I figured that it was approximately 250 FT in length, but the odd thing was that it was traveling horizontally. No known plane (as far as the American public has been allowed to have knowledge of) can travel at the speed this object did. It had dim, solid circular-shaped lights, almost like the off-white color of the dim stars in the sky. The position of the lights was the most noticeable. There were two on the starboard side and one on the port side.  The color was a real dark grey, but it was enough to be noticed in the dark of the night sky. The object emitted no sound at all. To further solidify this unexplainable sighting, a prop-engine plane coming from the southeast passed over the area at 21:55 PM, approximately 10 minutes after the object was first observed. I could hear the engines and see the distinct placement of the aircraft’s lights.  Conditions were clear. There was no moon out and no wind was present. This is the second time I’ve witnessed something in the sky that I cannot explain. Whether it’s classified military aircraft being tested or something not of this world, or even realm, my dad and I saw what we saw.  One day, we’ll have answers. It's only a matter of time. Thank you for taking a look at this report.;47.3243;-101.6181
