Multiple unlit silent low gliding things over the course of 3 nights;2017-10-26 23:00:00;3 nights;Multiple unlit silent low gliding things over the course of 3 nights My boyfriend yelled for me to hurry outside.  All he said is what is that. I took too long to focus on it and all I could see was that it was something with no lights. He said it was a plane but the lights were so dim. Like not lights to see ahead of you, more like interior lights. whhaaatever. ok... 	The next night he yells again. Not to be tricked again i stayed on the couch. He comes running in saying he saw something HUGE in the sky. all black, no lights, so sound with  a line coming out of the back of it connected to a smaller version of it. like towing it along trippin! but he's so enthusiastic I keep looking around. Look! he says again and points. then i see one. just a small boomerang shape gliding across the sky.  after a couple minutes there's another one. and another. For about two or three hours we watched these things sail silently above us. so many we actually got bored looking at them. The next night. He's down on the street and I'm up on the balcony telling him something. I glance down the road and see the HUGE one. It was shaped like a bomber but rounded. absolutely silent. so low! like i could throw a rock and hit it. just sailing peacefully straight down the road. we were both staring. awestruck. I remember saying it reminded me of a mantaray.  I don't know why. When we talked later  he said the back of it looked like it was waving like a flag but I didn't notice that. I can't stress enough how big it was. and then, more little ones. Finally we decide on a plan of action. Shine a spotlight flashlight at one. And we do just that. And it comes to a slow stop, changes direction, and glides away. Never saw another one. Worst plan ever. I still look up hoping, wishing the batteries had been dead in that flashlight. These things were solid black with a solid outline, not birds or anything like that.  They were there.  My boyfriend and I both agree they appeared two dimensional. like a shadow. or more like a cutout.  I can't explain it better than that;29.2851973913044;-94.8202939130436
