Very fast white cigar shape with halo, low altitude, seen 2 times, with second observer.;2006-11-01 20:00:00;2 seconds;Very fast white cigar shape with halo, low altitude, seen 2 times, with second observer. This sighting happened above my back garden, in full darkness, on a clear, cloudless night. My property is surrounded by trees, and has a clear sky view, directly above the back garden.  A very fast object travelled from north to south, covering approx 100 degrees of sky, in about 1-2 seconds.  The object was pure white, with a halo type covering, and resembled a cigar type shape. Inside the halo there seemed to be a long cylindrical shape, with a rounded front, and no discernable rear.  I have no frame of reference for a dimension, but an estimate would be, width of 2 fingers at arms length, and a length of one fist at arms length.  The altitude was low, and i estimate under 500 feet. There was no noise, or any unusual phenomena.  I would not have written in about this, except for the fact that i have seen this twice now.  The second time was a month later, in mid december 2006, when i was in Tweed Heads, Australia.  I was outside a house, at approx 22:00, with my wife, and we both saw this object. This was almost identical to the one i saw in galveston, and the direction of travel was south east, to north east. The details for this second sighting were effectively identical, with very high velocity, white cigar and halo, no noise, no associated phenomena. My wife asked me not to repeat what i saw in galveston, as there was only one observer, and no proof of any kind, and i concurred this was correct. However, after the sighting in australia, and its extremely similar description, in 2 very different localities, but with 2 observers, i feel it is reasonable to state that this was not an abberation, atmospheric phenomena, or an isolated incident. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));29.2851973913044;-94.8202939130436
