I was very delighted to finally find a place to report this object we encountered that evening. My brother, cousin and I were aboard my;2004-11-12 02:00:00;3-5 minutes;I was very delighted to finally find a place to report this object we encountered that evening. My brother, cousin and I were aboard my fishing boat. It was late in the evening and we were returning to port after spending the entire day fishing. I was steering the boat and the other two were out on deck when I suddenly heard them screaming exciting. At first I thought they spotted a whale shark but my brother came running up to the captains house screaming ‘look at that thing off of the portside. I quickly exited and noticed a cylinder shaped object about ½ mile from us protruding from the water. It was sticking straight out of the water about 45-50 feet and looked to be about 4 feet wide. The object quickly disappeared under the water and reappeared a few seconds later closer to my vessel. It elevated to the height of 60-70 feet within 5-6 seconds and stayed stationary for a few seconds and submerged again. It reappeared again moving further away but the height of the object rose to a great elevation, It begin moving in the direction the bow of my vessel submerging as it was moving.  It was completely under water when it was near my boat. We looked in vain to see what this object was attached to be nothing ever broke the surface of the water. I reported this incident to a friend that works for the coast guard. He said he knew of nothing that would that be capable of supporting such a cylinder and elevating itself above the water and submerging in a few seconds. I’m hoping someone else has reported seeing a similar object here. Any help will be greatly appreciated. ((NUFORC Note:  We have written the witness, inquiring whether the object might have been a periscope of a nearby submarine.  We are awaiting a response from the individual, and will add any further comments we receive back from him.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM TO ORIGINAL REPORT)) Mr. Davenport  I just received your last email regarding your request. I’m inclined to say no to any attention this may bring to family and me. I think the size of the object rules out a periscope.  This object was the size of a support pylon you would see under an overpass. It was huge.  My estimation is that object was at least 4 feet wide, circler and appeared smooth and black. I really have no way of knowing the distance of the object except for dead reckoning. Without embellishing the size I still think it broke water and rose to a height of 45-65 feet. The ascent took several second and it remained stationary before it slipped below the water. The lapse of time between submersion and resurfacing was 30-40 seconds and within that time frame it moved 300-500 yards while it was underwater. It did indeed change directions. As the object surfaced and submerged it did cause a wake and disturbance in its area.   Its velocity I guess was approx 20-25 knots when it made its final descent as it moved. At no time did we see what the object was attached to if anything at all.  I did not make an official report to the U.S. Navy for obvious reasons. Mainly I didn’t want to suffer any ridicule and I do not want nor am I seeking publicity. I just want a logical explanation as to want we saw. Quite possibly it was something in military in nature. I do know that it moved in a conscious nature. Something controlled the manner in which it moved. I hope my email sheds some further light and answers some of your questions. Thank you for your time. P.S I made a typing mistake regarding the time the event took place. It was about 6:00 in the evening and not 2 PM.  Sincerely,  ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));29.2851973913044;-94.8202939130436
cylinder craft flying over Galveston with no wings being chased by military jet.;2009-07-02 00:00:00;1 minute;cylinder craft flying over Galveston with no wings being chased by military jet. While floating in our pool, I saw a cylinder craft with no wings being followed by a military jet if it was experimental or being chased  if it was a UFO. It was traveling along the coast of Galveston at an altitude similar to flights from Hobby to Cancun. No varience in speed or direction. Size was slightly larger than a commercial airplane. It was flying from West to East. I am an owner of a  business in Galveston.;29.2851973913044;-94.8202939130436
