Two UFO's and a jet in pursuit.;2001-07-28 19:15:00;5-10 minutes;Two UFO's and a jet in pursuit. I was out playing catch with my dad at dusk, when I noticed a bright object, nearly due south of my house, appear very near & below the moon (within the diamater of the moon below the moon) in the sky.  In appearance, it looked like a meteor or light reflecting off of a missile or the fusilage of a shiny airliner. In this first object, there was a bright light at the front, and two smaller lights very close in a line behind (in reference to its direction of travel), which made it appear to be the tail of a meteor (but they did not change in relationship to the front light, so I've pretty much ruled that out). The lights were nearly the same color as the yellowish-red type of street light (high pressure sodium, I believe). There was no sound, nor was there a vapor trail. The object traveled in a mostly west & slightly south direction. When the object reached approximately south-southwest of my house, the 3 lights appeared to move closer together, until you could only see 1 light. This 1 light appeared to grow *at least* 4 times brighter than the 3 lights combined. It stayed bright for a period of time, maybe 10-15 seconds, then it dimmed to the brightness of the original light (the one in front without the 2 behind). It continued to move in the same mostly west, slightly south, direction until it faded out of sight (presumably from going further away). Just before the first object faded out completely, my dad looked at the spot where it appeared, just below the moon, & saw another object. This second object was *identical* in appearance & motion, including having the 3 lights combine into one, grow bright, & continue west until fading out of sight. At a similar interval (just before the second object faded completely), the third object appeared. It was sighted just above & to the left of the moon & traveled in exactly the same direction & approximately the same speed as the first two objects (presumably it was in pursuit). This third object was quite obviously a plane, as vapor trails and wings were evident. However, the leading edge glowed in 3 places a *bright* red, approximately the same hue as a bright red car, or a fresh cherry. I assume the bright red in front, was a reflection of the now set sun. I am no expert in finding velocities of flying objects, but if all three were plane sized, I approximate their speed at around 5-600mph, & an altitude of 30,000 to 45,000 feet. At no time did any of the objects change speed or direction of flight. My very first impression of these objects was that they were planes that had the setting sun's light reflecting off of them. But there were no vapor trails (except for the 3rd object), no strobe lights, no sound & no wings or tail (except the 3rd object, where we could clearly see wings). A few moments later an airliner flew directly overhead & it was very clear that this was an airplane, we could see the full length of the fusilage, the tail, both wings & a vapor trail. But the first two objects are very puzzling to us they definitely fit the under the category of Unidentified Flying Objects. If this description isn't detailed enough, or you would like me to make drawings of what I saw, I would be glad to answer any questions or send drawings if you contact me by phone, mail, or (preferably) e-mail.;37.9775;-100.8668
dont know????;2001-08-23 22:25:00;45 sec;dont know???? let my dog out,thought i would follow and have a smoke,my daughter followed.went to  my car out by the street looked up towards the sky to check things out there wer some storms tonight towards the north and south.Seen a plane heading west towards denver or maybe the springs.out of my left eye i caught a movement there was a lightcoming from the south I estimated it was three to four times higher then the plane.And it was moving jack  i called my daughter over who was playing with  our dog.She  couldnt believe it. Sattelite?  alien spacecraft? govt. test plane ? (in kansas,think not)  dont know .The light continued north at a good rate of speed, it was like the plane i had previosly saw was crawling;37.9775;-100.8668
Bright Star Like Object;2009-09-28 20:25:00;3 minutes;Bright Star Like Object Look like a bright star yet was moving.Came from the NW duration was approximately 3-5 minutes Rather low would guess maybe 1000 ft up.Made no sound changed to red as we lost sight of it towards the east-southeast ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to provide no contact information.  PD));37.9775;-100.8668
Hovering lights above Garden City, Ks.;2012-06-18 01:44:00;A few minutes;Hovering lights above Garden City, Ks. To the south side of town, viewed from the center of the city, there were six clusters of lights, each cluster consisting of two lights, hovering in the sky.  Too far to tell color clearly, but the lights remained stationary and blinked in and out.   One eventually zoomed into the horizon and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.9775;-100.8668
To the N, there was multiple bright flashes on, and above the clouds.  It was not lightning.  ((anonymous report));2017-08-16 03:00:00;1 hour;To the north there was multiple bright flashes on and above the clouds.  It was not lightning.  We witnessed 2 Jets chasing at least 2 ufo crafts towards the north.  The crafts were moving in a zig zag shape, faster and faster leaving the jets behind.  The jets had red and white lights flashing.  The crafts had green, red and white flashing lights in a cluster together moving in sync.   Also to the northwest right above the moon there was a cluster of lights shaped in a big skinny triangle.  It had lights that would slowly dim then light up again.   After all this happen we looked away for a brief moment and when we looked back the entire sky was covered in fog.   I have video but it is not great quality. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.9775;-100.8668
