Multiple Objects;2002-07-12 02:00:00;30 Minutes;Multiple Objects Me and a friend had been out at a bar just down the road from our house.  We had only a couple of drinks over a period of hours, so intoxication was very minimal.   As the bar closed, we proceeded to walk home, living only a block from one another.  We decided to cut through a park down the street from our homes, and being a very beautiful, warm evening, lied on the grass and BSed for a few minutes.  We were staring up at the night sky, which was completely cloud free, when, at an incredible speed, 3 bright objects in triangle formation flew over head without making a sound.  We were stunned.  We began discussing the possibilities of what it could have been.  I also recall that, do to the speed it was going, we estimated that if it wanted it could travel around the world in about half an hour.  Then, about 20 to 30 minutes later, the object returned, not from the horizon it was traveling towards, but from the horizon it came from the first time.  This time there were two more object in the same triangle formation, making up 5, and behind the object was another single object that seemed to be tailing it, at the same speed, with a visibly bright orange object pulsating around it.  The following month me and a lot of friends were at a barbeque.  The sky was clear, and it was dusk, the sun had not yet set and there were no stars visible.  Traveling in an East/West direction a friend and I (different friend this time) witnessed a bright orange object shoot across the sky at incredible speed.  About 30 seconds to a minute later it was followed by, again, 3 bright, star like objects in triangle formation.  I live 10 miles from a small airport and am very familiar with the look, speed and behavior of private and commercial planes, and have even flown a plane on one occasion with a pilot I knew.  These objects were not planes, not weather balloons, and certainly not the reflection of light off the stomachs of ducks, which have all been given to us as possible explanations.  They say seeing is believing. I'm a believer!;42.8790820895523;-112.444714179105
Triangle Craft seen moving W over Pocatello, Idaho, seen as a Pinkish glow against the cloudy night sky.;2014-08-29 21:00:00;<2 minutes;Triangle Craft seen moving West over Pocatello Idaho seen as a Pinkish glow against the cloudy night sky. August 29, 2014 I live in Pocatello, Idaho. Approximately 70 miles North of Utah and 70 miles West of Wyoming. I am setting up my camera Nikon D7000 with Nikon 300mm f 2.8 manual lens, a large lens and heavy.  Manual settings pre-set on my camera.  I was ready, at just a couple minutes before 9:00 pm.  I make my way out into my driveway where I set up my camera on a tripod and a chair to start the waiting game of Sky watching, I barely had the camera set in place when I looked up, it was a cloudy but warm evening.  The clouds were less than a mile up, lots of room between me and the clouds but they were not real high, the city lights could light them up a little.  When I am outside I have to look to the sky, it is impossible for me to not look up, I always feel as though I am being watched from up there, weird I know, but so am I. So I look up towards the East over my house, just below the clouds is a Pinkish light moving very slowly due West, I immediately jumped on the camera thinking, (Couldn't you wait till I got set up?)  I started snapping picture's, I took 32 pictures of it as it moved across the sky.  I had to reposition the camera a few times because I can only take so many pictures before the object moves out of the frame, and with a 300 mm lens the field of view is rather small.  While taking pictures and looking through the viewer I saw a Red light flash and I thought to myself, that I was wasting my time taking picture's of an airplane or Jet plane.  So I stopped and looked at the pictures I just took on the camera because I could enlarge them, that's when I saw the light formation with the large light in the center, now I knew this was not a plane, and looked back up to find the object and continue photographing. Big Mistake on my part because the object was gone, and I didn't see how i! t could have disappeared, either it went up into the clouds or it shot off at high speed, because it was right up in front of me. I can and would be excited about forwarding my picture's to you via email. Mine is a very short story but I have pictures and that says it all. As far as I can tell the craft is a Triangle, it has a Bluish light on 3 sides with a larger Redish light in the center.  I am guessing because the craft was at least a mile from me when I say it in the dark, it had to be somewhere 30 to a 100 feet in size.  I could not make out detail of the craft or it's shape, because it was dark up in the sky, but the pictures lead one to believe it is of a Triangular shape;42.8790820895523;-112.444714179105
