Fireballs performing amazing feats.;2004-03-28 20:00:00;5-7 minutes;Fireballs performing amazing feats. Around 8 p.m.  I was alerted to check out the UFO's outside the house. There were 4 round orbs and they were basically the color of fire. One moved over the neighborhood and seemed fairly close, perhaps as low as 2000 feet, but it did not seem  to be terribly high over the rooftops in the neighborhood. Rather than acting shocked or suprised, I tried to observe carefully along with the other witnesses. These objects made absolutely NO sound. No helicopter sounds. No sounds of a plane or jet. No sound whatsoever. They would hover and then move in linear directions, occasionally gaining in elevation. But they would not bob or bounce as they moved. They traveled a slow but still manner. They seemed to exercise control in their movement. At one point the other three traveled further away and up into the night sky becoming smaller and presumably more distant. At this point two of these orbs dissapeared. They did not fade out, but simply disappeared. The effect was like holding a lit match and then blowing it out. That quick. The third object continued to travel away off into space until it was no longer visible to us. Then the last remaining one which at one point seemed so close appeared to drop three little balls of light while it was moving.  Yet as these little orbs were released they would dissapear maybe 1 to 1 and1/2 seconds after being dropped. Finally this last object  took off up into the night sky and was gone in barely second. According to one of the witnesses who is one of my family members, there were other people along the street watching this event take place. We all agreed it was very strange and that the objects appeared to be under some sort of control. In my opinion, if these were man made then our technology has definitely jumped into the 25th century.;37.9845;-122.1355
An orange glowing (fireball' appereance) with falling burning embers followed by 2 jets.;2006-11-07 01:15:00;3-4 MIN;An orange glowing (fireball' appereance) with falling burning embers followed by 2 jets. While smoking a cigarette with a friend in front of my house, in martinez ca. on 11/07/06 @ 01:15 am, we noticed a glowing object, from the west, headed east appearing to be on fire. emmiting 2 burning ember looking objects released simotaniously at rear of object.  No sounds what-so-ever Until the jets arrived. 2 to be exact, about 3 minutes after the passing of the fireball. Appeared to us to be chasing the object.  As it neared the moon, the object disappeared and the jets then split off in seperate directions. We would like to know what this was. Thanx.;37.9845;-122.1355
