moving star looking light;2001-08-27 04:15:00;~1 hrs;moving star looking light I watched this star looking light for Aprox. 1 hrs. It was the most unusual thing in the night sky I ever seen. It moved back and forth and stopped repeatedly gradually working its why north. Over Martinez to Benicia then over Vallejo and keep going north ( See yesterday report for more detail and description). If I can just get someone with a consistent sighting people wont think I'm nuts. Did the Navy or Airforce seen this unusual moving thing. The way it moved was not consistent with any Airplane or satellite Iv seen. No helicopters fly that altitude. What was it ? Did any astronomers see it. I woke one neighbor to witness this and she thought it might be new technology in weather monitoring equipment. I need answers so people won't look at me like a fool when I tell them. ((NUFORC Note:  Reports is not inconsistent with the sighting of a twinkling star.  If the witness was looking to the western sky, a celestial body would move down and to the right.  PD));37.9845;-122.1355
Glowing object moves across San Francisco Bay Area sky;2005-11-15 02:30:00;2 minutes;Glowing object moves across San Francisco Bay Area sky At 2:30 a.m. on November 15, 2005, in Martinez (27 miles from San Francisco), my dog awakened me to take her outside to go to the bathroom. Since I had taken her out at 11:30 p.m., before I went to bed, I thought it quite unusual, but took her anyway. I was outside with enough time to sit down on my front steps when a movement in the southwest sky made me look up.  I will do my best to describe what I saw. If I had to compare the object I saw in the sky to something I have seen in my life, I would have to say it had a rectangular shape and moved somewhat in an undulating way, like a jellyfish. The outline and brightness of the thing against the dark sky was very crisp and clear. It was bright, glowing white. It had a white oval disk, which I’ll now call a head. The head seemed to lead what I’ll now call a tail. The tail was the same width as the head. The oval head was solid white and distinguishable from the tail because the tail was transparent but streaked with white light. When I say transparent, I mean I could see the dark sky behind the tail part but I could not see the dark sky behind the white oval. The tail moved in graceful, undulating like way. The object never stopped moving. It seemed to me it had a destination. At times it seemed to almost dip as it moved across t he sky, which made it seem fluid.  It made no noise.  My thoughts at the time: What is THAT? It’s so much bigger than a star or plane. It’s so defined and crisp, it looks like a cartoon or a fluorescent light. The light is coming from within it. It’s graceful. It flows. It’ll be gone before I can get a camera. I’ve never seen anything like this before. I didn’t feel threatened but I was a little scared.  When I first sighted it, it appeared to be moving at me, coming from southwest direction but then began moving west. As it did so, the tail seemed to undulate, almost as if it were blowing in the wind, like you might see flag or a scarf do in a light breeze. However, there was no wind that night. The leaves were not blowing in the trees.  At some point after it began moving west, my dog noticed it. She had just finished relieving herself when it must’ve caught her attention. At 2:30 am there were no other people or animals around to distract her. My dog, a beagle, has never barked at anything in the sky before, but she looked up and began a frantic, sharp bark. She has a bay type bark but when she noticed the thing in the sky, her bark was frantic and sharp. As I recall, my dog was looking up in the direction of the thing in the sky but her head was moving as if she couldn’t quite focus. I was really surprised that she was barking at something in the sky and was having a hard time myself because I couldn’t understand what it was I was looking at.  I’m a nearly 50-year-old professional and have never seen anything like that in my life. As it was 2:30 in the morning and my dog was barking frantically and I have neighbors, so I had to pull her inside. The object in the sky was moving in a northwestly direction in an undulating way when I last saw it. ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this witness on several occasions, and she seems quite reliable to us.  If anyone else witnessed this object, we would very much like to receive reports from the witnesses.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.9845;-122.1355
my parents in there 60's are in aww  it scared them Also. Date seen 7-7-06  11:55pm until it  vanished .;2006-07-07 23:55:00;10 to 15 mins;my parents in there 60's are in aww  it scared them Also. Date seen 7-7-06  11:55pm until it  vanished . Last night at about  11:55 pm. on the west coast.. Martinez. We seen something unexplainable too us. It was No plane It looked like a Gold Island in the Sky Then what we can only explain as an ambilical cord came down with a egg shaped pod came Lower. then about 2 minutes later Vanished. I went searching through pics Found something pretty close But Now cant find that site. ((NUFORC Note:  There were no known missile launches from Vandenberg AFB on this date.  PD));37.9845;-122.1355
Faintly glowing wedge-shaped craft flies swiftly and silently over San Francisco East Bay town.;2010-10-13 20:30:00;~8 seconds;Faintly glowing wedge-shaped craft flies swiftly and silently over San Francisco East Bay town. Between 8:30 and 9:00 p.m. on Wednesday, October 13, 2010, I had taken the dog to the backyard so he could relieve himself.  I often stand on the deck in the center of the yard and gaze up at the stars at such times.   I noticed a dim light in the sky to the east-northeast, moving a bit fast.  I thought it was a meteorite, but as I watched, it seemed to change course and “fly” horizontally.   As the light approached, it appeared to have a definitive shape, sort of like a wedge or boomerang.  The entire object seemed to glow with a faint reddish-orange light, and there appeared to be rows of slightly brighter lights underneath it.   From my perspective, it would have been approximately half an inch wide.  I heard no engine or wind noise.   The object passed overhead and continued on a straight path toward the west-southwest.  From the moment I first spotted it to the moment it disappeared from sight, about eight seconds passed.;37.9845;-122.1355
