Black triangular UFO over Martinez, CA.;2015-10-08 23:00:00;1-2 minutes;Black triangular UFO over Martinez, CA. We were driving home and were 3 blocks from our home when my girlfriend pointed out this black shape to the right and above our car.  It was about a block away and was moving very slowly at first. It was huge, triangular and its bulk blotted out the sky. I estimate it was 1-200 feet above the tree line as we were near a stand of trees near our local park, across from our 3 story apartment building.  It was higher than our building as well by at least 1 time. It moved silently and slowly from right to left (We live 8 blocks from San Francisco Bay and it was headed in that direction ).  It then sped up somewhat and by the time we went 1 1/2 to 2 blocks it had disappeared. NO engine noises were heard. It had 2 bright lights on each corner from left to right and a bright blinking light at the top corner but looked like a triangle if you stand it on its base. I am a former member of the Civil Air Patrol, have attended dozens of air shows across the country as well as military open houses and this object did not display any of the characteristics of powered craft. Since the local refinery borders our area as well as the courthouse and county jail, no aircraft would be flying that low. It was not a helicopter either.  The police and sheriff use them here on a regular basis and I am familiar with what they look and sound like.  They fly near my building and are very noisy. This object made NO noise.;37.9845;-122.1355
Stationary, then slow moving, transparent triangle with bright corner lights that dimmed & disappeared.  ((anonymous report));2018-07-22 21:30:00;2 minutes;Stationary, then slow moving, transparent triangle with bright corner lights that dimmed & disappeared. My boyfriend and I were stargazing the southern sky when simultaneously, we both saw 3 bright white lights forming a large triangle.  The lights were the brightest objects in the sky besides the half moon, and brighter than either of the two planets visible low in the southern and eastern skies, respectively, that night. The triangle was stationary as we watched but the interior area was either exactly the same color of the sky or otherwise completely transparent.  Within a few seconds, the corner lights began dimming down until they only had the intensity of the surrounding stars.  Then while holding its shape, the triangle slowly moved upwards until it became stationary for several minutes and the lights dimmed to the point that they were no longer visible.;37.9845;-122.1355
