3 lights of different color playing chase over south Alabama;2010-06-15 21:30:00;1-2 minutes;3 lights of different color playing chase over south Alabama The date was June 15, 2010.  Pretty sure the Citronelle report was off in its month numbering.  It was between 9 and 11 on a perfectly clear night.  I'm a career student.  I must say, I'm quite intelligent and well experienced in life.  I'm NOT crazy.  I can't explain this.  It happened.   Okay, so here I am walking from the main house to a storage room at the south end of my property.  I noticed what I believed to be was a satellite going from NE to SW.  I grew up spending my summers on Mobile Bay, far from the city lights.  Nothing but a blanket of diamonds above me.  I've seen thousands of satellites quietly move across the night sky, always giving me a slight thrill of exhilaration.  So, I slowed my pace to watch it.  I'd say it was 50° from the horizon when an orange light appeared, heading straight for it from the opposite direction.   This is when I stopped dead in my tracks.  My hairs were standing (standing now just thinking of it).  The lights cross! ed paths.  The orange light continued while the 1st light (bluish white) LOCKED on the brakes, immediately halting, changed directions and pursued the other.  I was now back pedaling w/my eyes tearing up but never looking away.  I was scared.  I was REALLY scared.   The bluish light eventually stopped and fixed into the sky like a star.   The orange continued to the northeast.  As it passed directly above me, a white light from the ESE approached, crossed paths, and made like a star as the other.  The orange light kept going until out of sight.   That's when I ran inside.  My wife could tell something was up as soon as she saw me.  I could barely speak.  I've only shared this story with a handful of others.  I honestly can't explain it.  Military exercise?  A war above us?  Perhaps a few visitors taking pics of the silly humans and their oil spill...who knows?   It happened.  I'm just glad that I was able to witness it.  To have this drawn into my memory.   Hope this helps!;30.8319;-88.0944
