Large triangle object with rotating colored lights, motionless.;2013-04-30 22:28:00;20 minutes;Large triangle object with rotating colored lights, motionless. Tonight at 22:28 I stepped outside for a moment and immediately observed an interesting ‘star?’ Stood out from the rest of the stars, and had the most unusual multi color twinkle.  I knew it was not a star as the clear color rotation, of blue pink & white, were sequenced, not random. First thought, hm.. maybe the ISS,  which I have seen before, does not have pink lights.  I immediately went inside to obtain a pair of binoculars, and began to view this object.  This ‘object’ remained motionless – not moving – for at least 20 minutes. The colors rotated pink, blue, white (repeated) constantly every second.  Again not random sparkle, but mechanical repetitive.  I view aircraft in the sky often, being so close to Newark Int’l air.  The craft colors were definitely not standard. This ‘object’ was about 40,000 miles high and did not move.  It was in the Northern Sky.  Below, and nearby, is Newark Int’l airport.  I counted at least 3 planes taking off , ascending and heading in a Southwest direction.  This ‘star’ was above it and easy to hedge a height as the plane passed underneath.  I also thought, if I can see on the ground, the pilots would be able to see also as it was in their view during ascension. Through the binoculars, I watched for a good ten minutes.  While hard to see, the lights detailed a triangle craft.  Again the three color lights pulsated (one full cycle per second) were at each point.  It never moved.  By 22:50 I decided to return in side and compose this report.  My thoughts – no question a ‘vessel’, not a star.  Man/alien made, due to lights, not a star.  Not the ISS, as have seen before.   Did not move, no average craft can sustain position at great height.  Large.  Wondered what it was waiting for?  Did not feel threatened, as it was very far away.;40.5787;-74.2292
Craft still in sky in same position as 1 hour ago.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible star??  PD));2013-04-30 23:10:00;2 minutes;Craft still in sky in same position as 1 hour ago. It is now 23:16 EST.  I just submitted a report about 5 minutes ago and decided to go back outside to see if the craft is still there - it is!   Clouds have moved, other stars are no longer visible.  This craft is in the same exact spot in the sky as it was when first noticed at approximately 22:20.  The lights continued to twinkle in a triagle formation. Hard to to discount this fact.  If a star or non-craft it should have moved away as the earth is rotating. Still there 1 hour later.  Noteworthy.  Unable to take photo - too far away.;40.5787;-74.2292
Black Triangle craft, very large, whites lights on end only.  Helo on its tale, then craft disappeared.;2014-01-18 19:15:00;1-2 minutes;Black Triangle craft, very large, whites lights on end only. Helo on its tale, then craft disappeared. At approximately 19:15, I observed a horizontal bar with two large circular white lights coming out of the North, near Newark Airport heading south. Immediately struck with the irregular lights (non-standard Commercial Aviation lights) which are typical for this heavy commercial airspace.  Just 2 very large white round lights at end of the ‘bar’ which was black and had no other lights or markings.  When first observed, I estimate this craft was over South west of Newark Air/Linden NJ.  This craft was ascending at a fast speed. Faster than normal ascending speed of Commercial air craft.  As the craft come closer to my position, I could see the outline of a black triangle shape, but did not see the same large round white light on the tail of the triangle.  As I tried to view the tail, suddenly a Helicopter appeared directly behind it traveling and escalating in the same direction.  This Helo had red law enforcement lights.  Also noted, the direction of this craft was opposite of what Newark Commercial Flights were using this evening.  Flights were taking off in the South East then banking either west or north.  This craft was coming out of the North at a low altitude.  Such a flight plan is never used at Newark and dangerous to other ascending flights.  As this triangle began to approach my position/home, I could see the vast width, craft was pure black with no apparent cabin, no sound.  This width exceeded any commercial airliner I have ever seen.  Flying low about 100-200 feet above with just the two white lights at each end of the triangle point.  The Helo remained on its tail.  Then the triangle completely disappeared just before the craft flew over my home.  I ran outside and looked in the sky 360 degrees and could not see this Triangle.  However the Helo remained on the original course of the triangle, went over my home and continued South.   I have never seen such large white lights on a aviation craft before.  Hard to estimate or calculate the size of the lights.;40.5787;-74.2292
