Silent, 1000 foot long, silvery white UFO spotted;2006-04-15 10:45:00;3 seconds;Silent, 1000 foot long, silvery white UFO spotted It was a slightly windy April morning, and at least half the sky was filled with beautiful cotton ball like rain clouds in all sizes.  All were bright white on top from the sun light.  They didn’t appear to be real high in the atmosphere, maybe only a mile high, and were moving in a North Eastern direction at about 20 to 30 miles an hour.  I was sitting on the ground in my backyard watching my children play.  I was also admiring how beautiful the sky looked.  Then, I saw these two very large clouds moving along at the same speed as the rest of the clouds.  They both appeared to look very similar in size and shape.  The one was a little behind the other and further away in the distance.  All of the sudden a silvery white, cigar shaped object, from my perspective because it could have also been the side shot of a saucer shaped UFO, accelerated out of the front of the large cloud closest to me.  It came out of the cloud about the same distance as it was long. ! My estimate was that it must have been around 1000 feet long.  It slowed down very quickly, and then it moved back into the cloud in reverse at the same speed that it came out of the cloud.  This process lasted about a few seconds.  At first I thought it was a blimp, but it had windows with sunlight glimmering of them above and below the middle axis, and it didn’t have a cockpit on the bottom, nor did it have fins in the back to steer it.  Then, I looked at it front, and it didn’t appear to look any different from the back.  There were no tails fins or wings or anything that resembled engines anywhere on the object.  By the size and distance of it from me, I should have also heard the sound of an engine, but it was silent.  I waited to see if it would come back out of the cloud, but I didn’t.  Then, it occurred to me that the other cloud may have had a UFO in it as well because it looked very much like the one that the UFO came out of and it seemed to be riding along side ! of it.  Even today I always keep my eye out in that direction ! of my ya rd on semi-cloudy days to hopefully spot another UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.4276;-74.7075
