Four lights at dusk that appear then dissaappear;2010-07-31 19:54:00;5 minutes;Four lights at dusk that appear then dissaappear I was sitting outside with a friend having dinner in his garden.  I was sitting at a table between two modular homes. I was facing approximately, North, North-East.  At the time of the siting, I looked up about 45 degrees and saw a light in the sky.  Then there was a second light to the left of the first one. I first thought there these were early stars, but the sky was still quite blue, the star Antaries, which usually came out first, directly above, was not out yet. My first thought was that I was seeing an aircraft, or a satellite, or a space station.  I commented to my friend about seeing two lights.  Then the one to the left started to move to the left.  As it did, two other lights appeared about these first two.  They were closer together than the firs two.  Then the second light that moved to the left disappeared.  Thie direction would be toward the North West. Now there was just the three.  Then the upper two lights disappeared followed by the first light. I was puzzled because, these lights really looked like faint stars, but it was too early for stars to appear. The final formation of these four points of light could be labeled like the geometric figure known as a trapezoid.  The lower left point of light was the one that moved away. I tried to see if the other three moved in any direction. They did not. They only disappeared. Thirty minutes later when the Great Dipper came out I tried to get my bearings to determine which part of the sky these lights appeared. This was approximately above the constellation of Cassiopeia.  But not as high as the North Star. This siting was so unusual that I got up from the dinner table and started mentioning to my friend that there were some lights in the sky and that one was moving. It was shortly after standing up that the other two higher lights appeared and then disappeared. My friend also got up from the table.  I pointed to the area of the sky where I was seeing the lights.  I asked him if he saw the lights, but he said he did not see any lights. Usually I wear contact lenses in both eyes.  For over a month I have not worn a contact lens in my left eye, in order to prepare for an eye test, prior to cataract surgery.  I was only wearing one contact lens in my right eye.   My vision in my right eye, with corrective lens is better than normal.  It is between 20/50 and 20/70.   I am very certain that I say what I saw.  Also, I have an uncanny suspicion, that these lights were part of the same phenomenon.;39.3419;-121.2651
