5 transparent rectangular shapes, in formation, at night, over ocean, the lit up shapes moved fast, vertically, then light went out.;2016-07-06 23:00:00;2 seconds;5 transparent rectangular shapes, in formation, at night, over ocean, the lit up shapes moved fast, vertically, then light went out. On the night of either July 6th or 7th, 2016 about 11:00pm-11:30, in Marathon Key, Fl. my husband and I were sitting in front of the Atlantic Ocean, both looking up at the stars in the sky.  There were a few clouds around and a fair amount of stars, which was all we saw.   We had been there approx. 10 or 15 min.  looking into the sky. My husband was sitting to my left and looking to his left, and I glanced to my right.  I saw 5 transparent rectangular shapes that were lit up, in a V or horseshoe formation, in the sky, above the horizon.  They were not moving, they were very large and defined, all exactly alike, covering a good amount of sky, and they were not solid I could see right through them to the sky behind them.  I distinctly recall seeing a wispy cloud floating by in one of the rectangles. I didn’t see where the source of this huge pattern of light could be coming from, and in an instant they moved very rapidly, all together, upward in the sky, in a q! uick vertical motion and the “light” went out. I did not hear any sound. The sky was then exactly as it had been: dark, with stars. This all happened in probably 2 seconds I was just about to say to my husband, “Do you see this?” but didn’t have time!  I’ve never seen anything like this in my 53 years and I’m not one for flights of fancy. The only thing I can think of to compare it to (in a way), was some years ago when I was on a stargazing trip out on a boat and the tour guide had one of those laser pointers, which he would very briefly, point into the sky--- I remember how far the light seemed to travel and the way it lit up the sky in the area he pointed to….this rectangular light reminded me of that.  But I’m not familiar with lasers and if they would be capable of doing the above as I described, with this huge shape and pattern. So I decided to search online and report what I saw here. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));24.7259;-81.0375
