Lights on black object over road in FL Keys.;2004-01-04 00:30:00;1 minute;Lights on black object over road in FL Keys. We were driving toward Key West from Miami on US1 at about 12:30am last night (Saturday night). I was driving over a bridge and in the distance I saw something with a green and red light. I noticed it and told my friend I thought it was the balloon that transmits Radio Marti to Cuba. (Many people may not know-the US government has a large balloon loacted at Cudjoe Key, FL that transmits Radio Marti to Cuba). I have seen the balloon in the daytime and assumed that's what I was seeing last night. Right away I noticed we were still far away from Cudjoe Key. At first I thought maybe they put another balloon up. Anyway, as we got closer to whatever it was, I noticed the lights were very noticeable. I saw a red light and a green light. I was concentrating on seeing if it was a balloon, so I was looking mostly below the lights. I noticed it was not attached to anything and there was no tower below the lights. It was also too low to be a plane. My friend was looking out the passenger window and said he saw a white light and a red light. He did not see the green light that I originally saw. When we got closer to the lights, they moved from my side of the truck because the road hadn't curved but I couldn't see them anymore. My friend said whatever it was moved, and he saw it more over the road. He saw a red and white light 100 to 250 feet hovering directly over the highway. He also saw a black mass between the lights in what looked like a triangle but didn't totally point at the top. From his account the white light was on the top and he saw a red light on the corner of one of the bottom of the points. There was never any sound it made. We opened the windows of the truck when we were close to it, and it was just quiet. I kept driving looking for a place to turn around because there was a car right behind me. I had to go about 1000 feet before I saw a driveway to turn around. When we went back, there was nothing there. No lights, and we looked to see if there was anything in the air it could have been, and again nothing. It was as if it just disappeared. We had not had anything to drink last night or anything like that. We shared a pack of cheese crackers but I don't think that would give us any hallucinations. I can't explain what I saw but I have many questions that I didn't have before. My friend thought it was a ship of some kind right after seeing it.;24.7259;-81.0375
