Orange sphere circles new york night sky;2012-08-06 21:00:00;5-10 minutes;Orange sphere circles new york night sky A friend and I had gone star gazing. I noticed an orange light through the trees. It was brighter and larger than a star and seemed to hover just below the tree line. I thought it was a street light but then it started to slowly rise into the sky. It was barely moving at first and then seemed to pick up speed and move at the speed of a plane. However, it moved diagonally upwards  and was at a higher altitude than we thought possible for a plane. Also, there were airplanes out and they were much lower and blinked whereas this object did not blink but seemed to have multiple lights making up a far larger mass. As the object moved overhead we tried to get a better view but we couldn't see through a nearby tree. We thought we had lost it, but then we saw a similar, perhaps the same object, moving back in the direction from which it came.  The first object moved across the right side of the sky, whereas the second came from the left, further supporting the idea that it was perhaps the same object doubling back. As it got closer to the treelike from which it first appeared it didn't drop down behind the trees but disappeared just above them. We're still not sure what it was but we know it wasn't a plane.;41.5404;-73.8979
Orange lights moving SW to NE in separate groups of one to three, over a 10 minute period.;2015-07-13 22:30:00;10 minutes;Orange lights moving SW to NE in separate groups of one to three, over a 10 minute period. Observed orange lights, moving across the sky from SW to NE and fading behind clouds. Sighting started approx. 10:30 PM.  Over a period of 10 minutes, observed approximately 12 orange lights at different times, in groups of 2 or 3. In one case, two objects moved transverse to their primary direction of travel, moving closer together, then moving apart again.  All single or groups of lights moved in the same general direction. Given the distance moved across the sky in the short time period, these were not paper lanterns or similar objects.  These were bright orange lights, but too far away to note any shape.;41.5404;-73.8979
