sitting   in  a  car in a open  field, keeping in mind this is in a  town where  we are in  the hills.  the  field during  the day has;1987-10-01 21:00:00;30 mins.;sitting   in  a  car in a open  field, keeping in mind this is in a  town where  we are in  the hills.  the  field during  the day has a  great  view  to the north of us and we can see some of  the popular  mountains in the  area. ( vermont local ) A bright flash of light lit up the  sky, like   a  flash from a  old  fashioned  camera  bulb. The   light  was intense and  gave me and  my friend  quite  a start. I thought  we  were being blown up.. it   was  weird, a  good  minute  had passed  and  and=other came along, then another  and  maybe  2 or  3 more. Nervous  we  exited  the  vehicle   we  were  sitting in  at the  time and gazed  at the  sight ahead of us, now  were  seeing things  fly out of this pulsating flash of light little  streeks  like something taking off  from it. a  few  minutes  had  passed  and  we  began to motice 2  flying  objects heading west and behind us. I had  laughingly  said  to my friend at  the time  woudlnt it  be great  if  they could  land here. That was a t   approximately  10:30 I  remember   checking my  watch for  the  duration of  the  events. Its  the  last  thing I remember  doing before  checking my  watch again   and  seeing  it  was 11:00 pm ,  with   a  strange notion that  time had  lapsed  awfully  fast. My  friend  had  the same  feeling. Scared  and weirded out  we  left  the  area and my life  wasnt  the  same  for  the  next  two  years. I became  pregnant  and  noticed allot of  new  things, strange  scooped marking on my belly  faint  but  when  stretched i  could  make  them out, and  I had  noticed one more  on my head and my leg   area. In  side  each of  these scooped  marks were three particularly placed indentations making  a perfect triangular shape. I  dont know if  this  was in connection  with what I saw but things  were too weird  for me for  a few  years. Reoccuring sounds and  bright lights And  this  all occured the year before aurora borealis was so intense in my area it  was phenominal  (that  was 1988  )   There  are other  things  that began to happen and I would love to have an  explanation for them.… ((NUFORC Note:  Date of alleged event may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));43.1299;-72.3193
