Emerala shape, stationary in the South west sky atabout a 45 Degee attitude from horizion,seemed to be following earth rotation.;2004-02-29 19:30:00;3 Hrs;Emerala shape,stationary in the South west sky atabout a 45 Degee attitude from horizion,seemed to be following earth rotation . Emirald shape in South Western sky. Apperead to be outside of our atmosphere and to naked eye could have been mistaken for a star or planet it was avery brieght light.at about 45 degrees to the horizion, I then got my vidieo camreaout an 8mm unit with zome lens I recorded about 45 miniutes  at various zoom power max being 22x, Object seemed tobe emerald shape two long sides wirh the ends being made up of 3 shot sides that connected the two long sides.  the center extending out to alledges appered to be made up of very breight lights which seemed to change slighetly into varing pastel colors. Object seemed to be stationary and following the earths rotation as about an hour later it had moved to the east of my location ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that Venus was the casue of the report.  PD));33.4832500000001;-104.464575
dim lights moving in u shaped formation over Roswell;2007-09-05 23:55:00;10-15 seconds;dim lights moving in u shaped formation over Roswell I was letting the dog outside for the night, and was sitting on the ground looking up at the stars, when six 'lights' in a u-shaped formation moved overhead.  They were much dimmer than the stars, seemed to look 'faded' almost, and did not blink.  They moved overhead without any sound, heading toward the west and then arching to the south-west/south, like they were heading toward White Sands.  The formation did *not* block out any of the stars as it moved, and at the apex of the semi-circular 'turn', the objects seemed to 'twist' in on themselves, before regaining the formation.  They moved quickly and fluidly through the sky, it took less than ten seconds for them to disappear over the horizon to the south.  There was still no sound, even after it was gone, and I could hear one car go by on the street we live on.  There was nothing 'chasing' the object, either.  I quickly called the dog in and locked the doors (not that THAT would help?).  I'm not sure what it was, but I really wish I'd never seen it.  Maybe someone else saw it, so that I don't think I'm losing my eyesight or something.  If so, then you have my permission to post this report or use it as you want to.  You can not contact me, since I don't want to be associated with this sort of thing and we are moving out of the state in less than a week...and right now? I couldn't be happier about that fact, actually. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));33.4832500000001;-104.464575
bright blue illuminating object  above the buildings hanging out in the sky changed shapes and colors;2008-09-15 18:30:00;30-45 min.;bright blue illuminating object  above the buildings hanging out in the sky changed shapes and colors my husband was following me home when i noticed people outside there homes on the phone looking up...people were pulled over outside the vehicles on phone looking up...i knew i had to see what the deal was.  i pulled over jumped out and looked in the direction all the people i had seen looking.  I witnessed a brightly illuminated(blue) object in the sky.  It was just right there motionless(or so it seemed to the naked eye) not too much higher then out tallest building of around 12 floors.  It was unlike anything i have ever seen.  my husband pulled up next to me and i told him to hurry and look.  We sped home to witness this with out children and grab our binoculars for a closer look.  The object seemed to slowly move closer then stop.  At first the shape was round and bright blue in color. We took pictures.  It changed color to a solid orange/red, then began changing shapes. Pear shape, round, oblong, oval, as well as changing to being outlined in orange/red.  I made sure I was propped against car to steady my arms as we were looking through our binoculars and discussing everything we were seeing.  The object made irratic darting movements, causing me to constantly have to re-find and re-focus it. After about 5-10 min. it slowly slowly began drifting up at about a 70 degree angle. as it got higher it again changed color back to the brilliant blue only outlined this time.  By the time it was almost out of sight, passed the stars, it was barely even light outside.  It was awesome.  The weather was clear and this object looked and felt so out of place in our sky.;33.4832500000001;-104.464575
