4 days of missing time while working in a remote area.;1988-02-16 12:30:00;92 hours;4 days of missing time while working in a remote area. I was working in a small semi-open woodworking shop near by the log house I was finishing.  There was a neighbor close but we did not associate with each other.  My wife and young child were on a 6 week holiday.  This was probably the only time in my life where a lengthy disappearance would not be noticed. Around noon I had a sudden and irresistible urge to walk 50 ft over to the lake (“I should go to the lake” popped into my head). I remember walking, then nothing. The next thing I knew I was appearing as if out of a fog.  The time was about 8:30 in the morning, I was wearing the same clothes, standing in the house, and it seemed dusty and unlived in like when you come home from a holiday.  I was very confused and disoriented.  My brain felt fuzzy, like I had just had an electric shock. I could not figure out what day it was, what I was supposed to be doing that day etc..  I turned on the radio and it was Friday morning.  I looked at my day-timer that I kept my hours and descriptions of my work in.  The book (curiously) was open to that Friday.  I started flipping back through the days and nothing had been written since the previous Friday.  I had never (in 2 months being there) gone more than 1 day without logging my hours and what was done.  Each blank day seemed to hit me harder. From looking around and cross referencing in my book, I could see that no work had been done since Monday.  I looked outside at my shop and everything was as it appeared the previous Monday noon.  No further work had occurred.  There was snow on the ground, so I could see any and all tracks.  My truck was where I had parked it the previous Sunday night and the bit of fresh snow since showed that no one had driven in or out since Sunday.  Examining myself, I was wearing the same clothes as Monday and they were dry and not smelly or dirty ()like they would if I had been wearing them for 5 days straight.  The house had wood heat and I could see that the firewood from Monday morning was still there. The food purchased on Sunday for the work week was all in the fridge and nothing had been eaten since Monday morning.  I checked myself in the bathroom and I was not dehydrated or hungry, nor coincidentally were there any marks on me.  (I am not sure why I examined myself.)  I tried and figure out what I had been doing for almost 4 days.  I had complete amnesia and could not remember the slightest detail.  When I look at my memory that memory is just solid white like a thick fog. An overriding thought kept repeating in my head  “I must have been here working.  I must have been here working. I ...”This seemed like a post hypnotic suggestion (or in this case command). As if in a trance, I took my day-timer and filled in the missing time with imaginary work-even though it was a complete lie!  The work I was doing was log house trim/finishing.  The rooms were so uneven that I would measure up only part of one room and mill materials just for that part, install then move forward to the next part.  It was completely obvious that no work was done, yet I filled in fictitious work.  This bothered me immensely. was completely out of character yet I still did it.  This is the only time in my life that I have cheated an employer. The fictitious work was so well written, that even a few months later I could not figure out exactly what week this occurred. About 6 months later I dreamt about the start of this experience.  As the dream started I immediately knew it was the day the missing time started. I was in my shop, the suggestion to walk to the lake came and over I immediately shut off my thickness planer and went over to the lake.  I looked up to the sky and it was a bright overcast day.  There was a seeming saucer-shaped hole in the clouds.  It seemed I could see through the hole into space.  The saucer shaped hole was on a 30 degree angle with the right side higher. It did not appear to be a solid object.  The inside of the hole was jet black and full of bright shining stars.  There were too many “stars” to be actual space but this was the closest description I could come up with.  It appeared to be about a thousand feet up and about three fingers width (holding my arm extended). I stared at this for about 10-15 seconds and I could not figure out what it was, since it seemed to be the opposite of a solid object.  I then thought “I’m actually seeing a UFO!”. I was very excited since I have been fascinated by them most of my life, but had never seen one (or did not recall seeing one). As soon as the thought came to me, I had an electric shock zap me-from my head to my toes and I was completely awake sitting upright in bed.  The thought of a UFO, the shock and sitting up in bed seemed to happen instantaneously.  As soon as I was awake I felt I had solved the mystery of what happened to me the previous spring. I have tried to dream more about this and have had only snippets in my dreams. One time I was aboard a craft with another person in front of large golden balls that had something to do with propulsion. Another time I saw a silver craft (just landed on the ground in front of me 20 ft away).  There were about 12 smiling very attractive people sitting behind a window in the UFO facing me, men and women in shiny suits.  The people were very attractive. The window changed from clear to mirrored (like 70s sunglasses) just below eye level, so I could see all of them, but their eyes and the tops of their heads. Other times, my dreams have discs flying about and occasionally landing.  Whenever I have the dreams I am after tired and disoriented (in my dreams).  I have never felt any fear or apprehension about my experience or during dream recollections. I would like to have some hypnotic regression sessions since I have never regained any memory of the lost time.  Since there were close to 4 days I feel there could be some interesting details of other worlds and life forms etc.;51.4323;-120.1937
