rectangular metalic object with red glowing underside at low altitude, no noise!;1998-07-20 02:00:00;15 seconds;rectangular metalic object with red glowing underside at low altitude, no noise! It was a very clear night with a new moon. Every star in the sky was visible. I was on my garage roof stargazing as I often did on nights like this. I was looking north towards Polaris when suddenly everything went dead quite. Every frog, every bird, every creature in the bush simply stopped. The silence was deafening and incredibly noticeable. I felt a terrible feeling. Just then, to my left, out of the corner of my eye, I saw a flattish, rectangular object break out over the tree line. (I was in a fairly rural location about 3 miles outside Fort Frances) This object was metallic with a red glow emanating from the underside. It was fairly low flying, maybe 100 feet in the air although it was difficult to tell because I don't know how big it was. It cleared the trees, but not by much and some of those poplars are 60 or 70 feet tall. I could see definition in the object, a kind of hood and a grill on the underside. It seemed fairly flat although it was pitching to its left so I couldn't see much of its side. The object made absolutely no sound whatsoever. I instinctively crouched down on the roof the second I saw it but I go the terrible feeling that it saw me and knew that I saw it. It flew quickly across the sky at that altitude and disappeared behind the peak of the house. As soon as it was gone, I ran down the length of my garage roof and dove through my open window. I slid of my bed and onto the floor, turning to look back out my window. I guess I expected it to come back but it didn't. I was only inside for less than a minute in a panic, but somehow i got the nerve to get up and go back outside. I just had to see it again to know that I really saw it. I went back out my window onto my garage roof and climbed up onto the highest peak of my roof. I surveyed the entire sky, 360 degrees. It was completely gone. No plane or helicopter or anything I know of could have disappeared like that. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));48.6393;-93.4469
