Orange Orb UFO Phenomenon Ajax, Ontario, Canada;2020-10-15 22:40:00;90-120 Seconds;Orange Orb UFO Phenomenon Ajax, Ontario, Canada 10:40pm Ajax Ontario, Rainy night with overcast, I was out with my girlfriend in front of her house having a cigarette looking due west when i noticed an orange/reddish ball hovering just above the street light.  At first i believed this to be a drone. The object did not move, I called my girlfriend over to witness as she did not notice it until i pointed it out to her. The light was very orange and out of place not the same color as the street light. To our amazement the orb then begin to come close to us remaining about a street lamp post and a half in the sky, extremely close. I thought now I will be able to just tell myself this is drone or some other logical explanation.  However it flew directly above me and I was able to get an extremely close look. The orb almost looks like it was pulsating with fire inside of it. There was no sound, noise, streaks, it just silently flew over top of us and flew in between my girlfriend's house and the neighbor and due it to being overcast was not able to keep track of it for long as it was swallowed up by the clouds as it ascended South East. I have seen things in the past but this was definitely the closest I have been to one of theses objects and luckily had someone there to experience with me to confirm i was not seeing things.  It was not captured in any form as I was using my iPhone to my girlfriends cell phone to monitor our infant son like a baby monitor. iPhone 7 plus would not allow me to record while on the phone and it happened under 120 seconds so i was not able to grasp what i was really seeing until it was right on top of me and by that time was on its ascendance. Which is really a shame as I probably would of made global headlines for how close I truly was to this Orange Orb.  After further researching I can confirm what i witnessed was a part of the orange orb Phenomenon which was picked up sightings from what I can tell in my research in the last 20 years significantly.  Terry Ray Ufologist has gone in depth in his book explaining that these Orange Orb sightings are now essentially the most common seen. i hope to talk to someone about it but doubt i will ever be contacted.;43.8615864285715;-79.0324928571427
