Saucer shaped aircraft taking off. Unbelievable acceleration. A bluish neon round light (glow) underneath the aircraft.;2002-10-18 05:30:00;10 sec;Saucer shaped aircraft taking off. Unbelievable acceleration. A bluish neon round light (glow) underneath the aircraft. I was not aware there was a site like this or I would have reported this earlier. I was working the night shift in Kotzebue, Alaska.  I don't remember the exact date of my sighting but to the best of my recollection it was in October of 2002 at about 5:30 in the morning.  My work was such that I had to spend time outside. There was some snow on the ground, but I don't think it was more that a couple of inches. Looking out to the north of Kotzebue, I noticed a saucer shaped aircraft take off from about I would guess 1 to 3 miles north of Kotzebue. It was dark but with a partial moon I was able to discern the outline of a saucer shaped aircraft.  It took off at about an 80 to 85 degree angle. It started up relatively slowly but when it was perhaps 500 or so feet in the air, it accelerated very quickly. The whole sighting was over within 10 seconds or so.  That is how fast it was. It accelerated so quickly it was out of sight within about 10 seconds.  The interesting thing was the neon bluish round glow (plasma)that was underneath the aircraft.  Probably about a quarter the diameter of the entire saucer. I assume this was some kind of exhaust mechanism.  You would think I would have heard a noise as this aircraft took off but there was no noise. Complete silence. Again a very unusual neon bluish light, plasma (glow) underneath the aircraft which I assume was some kind of exhaust mechanism or what propelled the aircraft. After I saw this I called the police station in Kotzebue and asked if they had also seen something.  No, he said that he had not seen anything.  I think they had only one patrolman on duty as Kotzebue is a very small town and he was probably watching TV.  When my boss came in at 8:00 that morning I also told him what I saw.  He had been in Alaska several years and said other sightings had been made in Alaska over the years. Now that I look back I wish that I had gone north of Kotzebue and looked for any signs that the aircraft may have left in the snow.  I also wish I had called the air force down in Anchorage or Fairbanks to see if they had seen anything on their radar b! ut I did n't.  All I can say is this really happened.  I never really gave much thought to UFOs before this incident as I didn't believe in them.  But this one incident changed my views completely. I now know without a doubt that there are aliens visiting our planet and they are far superior to us technologically. Again, the speed of this saucer was unbelievable. And whatever they are using to propell their spacecraft is not like anything we have. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));66.9007;-162.6058
