Unusual lights all the time…  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus??  PD));2007-10-28 05:00:00;15 min;Unusual lights all the time... I have lived in Darrington most of my life, and I have to say that there are strange lights here all the time.  Just early this morning around 5 am I was out smoking and there was an unusually bright light above Gold Hill mountain, there seemed to be like rays of light coming from it and no sound and it would appear to get closer and then go farther up, I watched it for about 15 min and then went inside. I tried to take a picture, but it just showed up as a small line on the camera.  I read over the reports on here from the Arlington area and a lot of them say that it looks like the lights they see head towards Darrington. I have seen these same lights for years. They are bright lights that at first look like stars, but then they will start to move side to side, or up and down and then after a while they will just go up really fast and dissapear. I am not the only one who has seen this happen either.  One time this last Spring, my daughter and brother, and I were out in the yard at night and I saw this bright red light move slowly across the sky, it was big and bright and I have never seen anything like it before, I expected there to be a noise or a fire because it looked like the light went down in the mountains, then about 3 min later there were jets flying in the same direction.  The part that caught my attention about the reports in Arlington, WA is that more than one person has reported seeing jets following these lights, and in the last few years I have noticed the same. If you go out at night and watch, almost every clear night you can see these strange moving lights here, and a lot of times within minutes after seeing them there are jets flying in the same location, which I find very strange. Also I have to add that on none of these occasions of seeing these lights has there ever been any noise coming from them. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus??  PD));48.2387;-121.5888
