2 sperate sighting I will never forget!;2011-06-26 23:30:00;15 minutes;2 sperate sighting I will never forget! February 26, 2012:  Multiple UFO Sighting from Long Island   I am from Long Island NY. I have several sightings to report they are from different years and the reason I am reporting several at once is because I did not know there was a national UFO reporting center to submit claims too as I have always believed up until my first sighting that UFO’S were simply TOP SECRET MILITARY AIRCRAFT. The first sighting I ever had changed my mind in the blink of an eye and I have the image of what I saw that night burned in my memory for ever.  Being experienced with airplanes and how much air traffic is over me on a daily basis I am well aware of what a regular plane or helicopter looks like and these sightings were without a doubt neither of them. Sighting #1- it was January 5th 2008 and I was traveling on the long island express way going west bound at about 65-70 mph. I was in the car with my older sister and 3 of my friends in the back seat of my car.  It was a pretty cloudy night and this is why I knew what I saw was not any type of aircraft I am familiar with or currently exist. I glanced out my window for a second and just so happened to glance up at the sky and I noticed what appeared to be a white ball of light below the clouds moving at a speed I thought was very strange. JFK and Laguardia airports are both in the area and if I had to guess an estimate I would say the lowest clouds that night were about 5-7 thousand feet.  I am experienced with air traffic and planes as I have 50 hours in a Cessna 152 and have been obsessed with the military since I was a kid. I am well aware that around major airports there is a limit on air speeds depending on the class of airspace you are in when flying by or over them.  The white ball of light I witness had to be between 3500-4500 feet in the air and was moving at a speed much faster than regulation speed allowed if I had to guess I would say it was moving at about 500-600 knots. For the probably 20-30 second I saw this object I noticed it had no strobe lights and did not seem to be flying in a traffic pattern consistent with the airport. I found all of this very strange and I would of never guess what was going to happen next as it seem to have opened a new world to me on what might really be going on.  As I was looking at the object moving at an incredible speed it seemed to pulsate once as it appeared the light got brighter for a split second and then it quickly dashed off into the clouds at a speed that did not seem possible and I did not see it again.  The 4 people I was with this night driving all saw the same thing I did and when it dashed off into the clouds as fast as it did the car went silent for about 15 minutes as we were in disbelief at what we just saw happen and till this day my friends talk about it very little as I think it scared or weirded them out to a level they didn’t think was possible. My second sighting was on july 26th 2011 this time located from my house in Suffolk county long island at about 1130 at night. I was outside in my court as I usually am during the summer with my step sister her bf and 2 of my friends.  My step sister noticed this bright light coming from the north to use a landmark it appeared to be coming in a direction from the long island sound and straight down as I live on the south end of long island so it would be heading toward the atlantic ocean.  When I first looked at the light I noticed it I could not really get an idea of how fast it was really moving as it appeared to slow down and then speed up just a bit at times.  As it was coming south I knew that sometimes the head lights on the bigger planes are so bright you can’t see the nav and strobe lights until they get directly over you or are moving away.  As it started getting closer I knew something was wrong as there was no noise of any type of jet or other type of airplane engine.  Also is it got directly over us there were no strobes or nav lights and the brightness of the light did not change it stayed consistently bright from every angle. As it got over us it also seemed to completely stop for about 5 or 6 second and then continued south and we followed it until it got over the tree line and we could no longer see it. I don’t know what I saw in either of these cases but they were certainly not aircraft from this country unless they have something I don’t know about. If that is the case though I don’t see why the government would be hiding this great technology and not using to their full advantage. I do know one thing for sure though something was indeed flying these objects and it had to of had great intelligence for the way they were moving. I hope one day someone can explain what me and my friends saw.;40.7257;-73.3287
