I can’t believe what I just saw!  I was sleeping.  I immediately noticed a blinking light on the nightstand. ((anonymous report));2017-09-13 02:36:00;30 seconds;I can’t believe what I just saw!  I was sleeping and in a dream, when I woke up for no apparent reason.  I immediately noticed a blinking light on the nightstand & as my brain tried to process what it was - I thought  “what is that..my laptop blinking?”  But I remembered I had left it on the kitchen table (and I never leave it on that small nightstand anyway). Then, my eyes were drawn to the source of the light streaming through the slats of the wooden shudders that were closed almost completely but leaving a ½ inch gap at the top.   I jumped out of bed and ran around the bed to get to the window, opened the top shudder and saw a roundish shaped, rotating flying object emitting an extremely bright, white strobe-like light.  It was blinking.  The object was rotating in a counterclockwise fashion and was traveling West to East. I was looking up through a 2nd story window at the back of the house, and it appeared to be so close, just at or above the tree line.  I quickly ran to turn off the house alarm and ran outside to see if I could see it, but it was gone.  When I saw it through the window, it was above a clearing in the center of the backyard.  To the sides and towards the back end of the yard there are tall, skinny trees. When I came back into the house,  I looked at the kitchen clock to note the time, and it was 2:36 am.  I don’t know how I will ever be able to go back to sleep now.  I wish I didn’t have a fan on next to me so I could have heard any sounds if there were any.  I got online and researched to see if anyone else living in the vicinity had seen it as well, and found this site.  I decided to report it because I know what I saw, and there is no other logical explanation for this.  I can still see the object in my mind’s eye and it amazes me, but it frightens me at the same time.  I was skeptical before but after witnessing this, I am a believer now.;34.111;-84.3025
