Bright blue-gray cylinder spiraled downward  from Big Dipper,made a left turn over tree tops and sped away.;2013-03-28 21:00:00;5 minutes;Bright blue-gray cylinder spiraled downward  from Big Dipper,made a left turn over tree tops and sped away. My UFO Sighting   It was March 28, 2013 at exactly 9:00 P.M. in our backyard viewing spot in Studio City, California. I was relaxing in a recliner chair, looking up at the Night Sky, as I do frequently, especially when it’s clear and moonless outside.  A cylindrical-shaped transparent bright blue-gray light appeared at the top of the Big Dipper,  It caught my eye and began spiraling downward moving toward the center of the Southwestern sky at a consistent speed that was easy to follow.  As it moved closer it started to make a silent wide circle above the tall trees in the neighborhood. I then began to feel an energy in my body as it made a left turn and started to speed up which propelled me to spring from the chair to follow its trajectory.  At that moment I almost tripped over our dog,who had also transfixed himself on the sky above. In an instant the light disappeared and the energy shift was palpable to me and my canine friend. He was panting and I felt breathless for a few moments. No other additional aircraft were visible or audible during this event, although it had been about 5 minutes prior to this when a strong passing thought inside my head registered how remarkable it would be to witness a UFO in my lifetime. Was this a coincidence or a premonition, I’ll never know, but I pulled myself together and excitedly called my wife long-distance at her childhood home in Bethesda, Maryland  where she was staying while taking care of her 93 year old Mother.  It was after midnight her time and the call awakened her, but she could tell from my voice that I wanted to relate what had just happened for a kind of verification, while it was still fresh in my memory.  My heart was still pounding as I told her the story, then I wrote down this account immediately after we spoke.;34.1449172727272;-118.388759090909
