Satellite looking object seen at sunset changes direction twice.;2000-09-15 19:00:00;5 minutes;Satellite looking object seen at sunset changes direction twice. We were standing outside looking up because a bunch of fire helecopters were flying by at low altitude. It was around seven o'clock in the evening and the sun was going down. The sky was a grey blue. Exactly straight above my head, I noticed a dot of light in the sky. At first we thought is was a satelite catching the sun from the west (which would have been weird to see at that time with it being so bright outside.) At first it was moving from northwest to southeast. We couldn't figure for the life of us what it was and could only think it maybe was a satelite until it dead stopped and changed direction - to go south. Considering  how far away it was, it had to be moving REALLY fast, and there was no trail.  Then it stopped dead again for about a minute.  The it changed direction completely and started moving northwest. Because it was so high up and moving into the light of the setting sun, we lost sight of it about a minute and a half later. We tried to videotape it, but the object was too small and close in color to the sky to pick it up on video.;34.1449172727272;-118.388759090909
Bright white light surrounded by revolving colored lights suggesting a disc shape travelling east over the San Fernando Valley.;2007-09-11 19:50:00;5 mn;Bright white light surrounded by revolving colored lights suggesting a disc shape travelling east over the San Fernando Valley. U.F.O Sighting on Tuesday the 11th of September 2007 at 19:50  Driving east on the Ventura freeway between Van Nuys and Coldwater Blvd in rush hour traffic, I noticed some light on my right (at one o’clock and 30 degrees) just above the tree lining the freeway and moving parallel to my direction of travel and slightly faster than my own speed of about 50 to 60 mph. The sky was dark but not black in that direction and clear of clouds. I had a good look at a bright white light crowned by an arc of smaller colored light blinking and traveling left to right. Those lights appeared to be traveling around the circumference of a disk, disappearing on the right side and coming back around on the left, with the white light at the center of the under side. Even if, in the distance and darkness, I could only see lights, the impression of a disc-like object was reinforced by the flattening of that shape as it moved away in the distance. At first the apparent size was that of a compact disc held at arm length. By the time I lost site of it behind trees at the Coldwater off-ramp it had shrunk to maybe a quarter of that size. A few minutes later when I had again an unobstructed view of this area of the sky, all I could see was the regular air traffic. A plane was taking off nearby Burbank airport directly in the flight path of  whatever I had seen and a couple of choppers or small planes were up over the valley. To my knowledge, nothing was ever reported by local papers or radios. I sent a report to a local newspaper but never heard back. I am a 43 years old professional designer and art director. I am married and a father of three lovely kids. I have lived in this neighborhood for 14 years and I am well accustomed to the usual air traffic in the area including the occasional blimp.  This was nothing I had ever seen before.  Sincerely.;34.1449172727272;-118.388759090909
Bright flash of light appears from deep space blackness 7 or 8 times and then suddenly disappears;2012-11-07 03:15:00;1 minute;Bright flash of light appears from deep space blackness 7 or 8 times and then suddenly disappears My wife and I were star gazing after the election on Nov. 6th.  After we missed the Orionids, due to rainy/cold conditions, we made it our mission to see the Taurids early morning light show Nov. 4th and 5th.  We are both extreme creatures of habit, so staying up late to seek shooting stars has become our normal routine.  Together, we've probably seen over 75 shooting stars in the last 5 days, but what we saw last night was most certainly not like anything either of us has ever seen. At around 3:15 am PST, my wife pointed at the sky to where she had just seen a bright flash of light between the constellation of Orion and Jupiter.  Being that we are very close to LAX, when I saw the blink of very bright white light a few seconds later, I immediately thought it was an airplane.  However the light did not appear to have any sort of intervaled blinking and it did not move.  It was Bright! Brighter than even Jupiter, which was to the NW of the flash.  Through my binoculars I saw the flash come and go about 4 times.  Each was abrupt, bright, and in the same spot between two very small distant stars. Based on the other celestrial and orbital objects around it, this light appeared to be coming from deep space.  No object or shape could be made out, but it lit up approx. 7 or 8 times within a minute and then disappeared. I've spent the last 24 hrs researching Weather Balloon citings, Iridium Flares, and other logical explanations for what we saw.  None of them have even come so close as to mimick our happenstance.   Needless to say, we're out here again tonight!  I don't see this curiousity ceasing ANYtime soon.;34.1449172727272;-118.388759090909
Two erratic bright white lights seen in Southern California daytime sky;2017-01-29 10:34:00;3 minutes;Two erratic bright white lights seen in Southern California daytime sky My wife and I were having breakfast at a bagel shop at 12914 Ventura Blvd this morning. We were seated outside, and near the end of our meal, I glanced around the sky.  It was such a beautiful and clear Southern California day, especially after the recent storms in the area.  While looking around, I noticed a twinkling white light to the north, about the same height in the sky as the top of a street light pole on Ventura Blvd from where we were seated. I first thought that it was a very bright and early star, but the twinkling was too bright to the naked eye, and I immediately observed very slow movement.  My next thought was a potential satellite sighting, but no straight flight path existed — movement was somewhat erratic, though slow at times.  This was easily confirmed due to the light’s position just to the right of the street light pole, which allowed me a point of reference in the sky. The light was far too high, to my observation, to be commercial aircraft (best guess was 150,000ft or more) — it was too erratic and slow for a satellite path, and it also didn’t appear to be any type of rocket (to my knowledge) due to it’s start-stop movement.  The emitting of light (or glinting of sunlight off of the object, which was another thought) also had no pattern and seemed to be random, almost as if the object was spinning about — at times it became so dim to the point that I’d thought it disappeared, then it would randomly shine bright seconds later, as bright as a star in the early evening or early morning sky.  The level of brightness was observed changing drastically without obstruction as the light slowly pinged about the clear blue sky. A second white light holding the same characteristics was also observed momentarily, further up in the sky and to the left of the first light I fixated upon.  To confirm, my wife and I both observed these objects and all of the mentioned movements/lights.  The only further detail I observed on the main light was the emission of tiny, nearly invisible, red lights — these seemed to be ejected from the object and quickly disappeared into the blue of the sky.  This detail was very hard for me to see, but I know that I did observe this. I captured iPhone video of this sighting, and upon review later in the day, both white lights (along with their visual characteristics and movements) can be clearly seen in the footage.  This entire event lasted over 3 minutes.  I captured over 2 1/2 minutes of footage, but I did have to stop recording because we had to get going about our business.;34.1449172727272;-118.388759090909
