Out of the corner of my eye I first noticed a bright orange object, across Puget Sound, traveling west to east at a very high speed.  I;2001-03-13 23:51:00;2-3 seconds;Out of the corner of my eye I first noticed a bright orange object, across Puget Sound, traveling west to east at a very high speed.  It appeared just above the horizon and flew at a very constant speed and passed my line of vision to the north of me.  It was bright in the center and seemed to appear dimmer as it radiated out, and then brighter on its edge.  It did not streak across the sky like meteors I have seen.  It did not leave a trail, smoke or sparks and it seemed to travel parallel to land.  It was much larger than a star, but appeared about a tenth the size of a full moon.   Since it did not change in size or shape as it moved, I assume it must have been very high in the sky.  I heard no sound, and I often do from aircraft flying in the area.  I ran downstairs from my bedroom to try to catch sight of anything on the other side of my house and saw nothing.  I then noted the time on the clock on the wall as being 11:52PM. ((NUFORC Note:  We have taken a report from this individual over the telephone, and he seemed unusually lucid and credible.  He was able to provide a very accurate time for the incident.  PD));47.75038;-122.32976
Light grey, no lights, traveling fast and low, small in size, silent, steady path, illuminated by city lights on bottom.;2001-08-08 22:23:00;20 seconds;Light grey, no lights, traveling fast and low, small in size, silent, steady path, illuminated by city lights on bottom. The object entered my line of sight from the north. I can only describe its shape like that of an aspirin. It had no lights and made no sound. It traveled due south in a straight line and never swayed or strayed from its path. The street lights of the city illuminated the bottom of the object and revealed a flat, light gray surface. It appeared round but not like a ball. If I compared the size of the object to that of the full moon in the night sky, I would say it was approxiamtely one-tenth the size. The object traveled fast, but not as fast as a shooting star, and not as slow as a satellite. I watched it as it travelled to the south and out of my sightline. The duration of the sighting was approximately twenty seconds.;47.75038;-122.32976
Watch a large stationary craft for about one hour. It would get brighter then dimmer. It appeared to have lights around it changing col;2020-02-10 20:00:00;1 hour;Watch a large stationary craft for about one hour. It would get brighter then dimmer. It appeared to have lights around it changing colors, mostly yellow and white then all blue at one point. A smaller orb light appeared under and to the right of the large  object it moved quickly up and down then left. An  airplane flew a ways under the craft. The airplane was lower and was tiny compared to the other object. An hour later another triangle shaped craft appeared farther away. It had 3 distinct lights on the back. Have pic, not high quality.  Have photos and vids. Not that good of quality, but do show the object.;47.75038;-122.32976
