Two lights seen moving rapidly towards each other, they crossed paths before losing sight of them;1999-07-27 21:40:00;1 minute;Two lights seen moving rapidly towards each other, they crossed paths before losing sight of them We were driving eastbound on Ballinger Way in Shoreline.  My wife was driving the car, I was sitting in the front seat.  The moon was full and I glanced up to look at it.  I saw two lights, one approaching approximately from the north, one from straight up, moving on a path towards each other.  There were no flashing lights as might be seen on a commercial aircraft. They seemed to be a good distance away.  However, they were moving about as fast as you might see a commercial jet moving overhead.  They looked like white lights, small, punctate.  I thought at first that they might be commercial airliners, but again, there were no flashing lights visible.  Given the apparent distance, they were moving too fast for commercial airliners.  The two dots crossed paths at about the same time that we turned the corner.  I told my wife but she couldn't look up to see until it was too late.  We went around the block to see if they were still visible.  They were not, but I did see a commercial airliner moving in a northerly direction.  It had flashing lights.;47.75038;-122.32976
a bright light in the south-western sky;2000-08-04 22:04:00;35sec;a bright light in the south-western sky looking south west from my brothers back deck I noticed a very bright star, as I watched it grew brighter and began to travel west across the sky. The light dimmed and faded still traveling the same direction until it could not be seen any longer. elevation to sighting aprox 40 degrees from ground paralell;47.75038;-122.32976
Large ball of light in the sky falling slowly to the ground;2002-12-31 07:30:00;seconds;Large ball of light in the sky falling slowly to the ground On 12/31 at approximately 7:30 p.m., I was driving home from work.  I was driving west on Richmond Beach Road and turned right on Eighth Ave. NW heading north, toward Edmonds.  I'm not sure if I was in the city of Shoreline or Edmonds at this point.  The street I was on has houses on both sides of the street and trees in the background.  There was no traffic that night, so the street was darker than normal.  As I was driving, I noticed some sort of light and looked up and saw a large ball of light, pinkish purple in color.  It was falling down to the ground, but very slowly.  I didn't know if I was seeing an odd sort of fireworks display or if it was an odd kind of flare.  Since I couldn't tell where the ball of light was going to land and the area I was driving in was fairly dark and without traffic, I turned around and drove home on a more travelled road.;47.75038;-122.32976
Strange green rotating lights appearing over Shoreline.;2005-02-23 22:00:00;15 Seconds;Strange green rotating lights appearing over Shoreline. It was around 10:00 PM and I was outside taking a late walk with my dog. As we came to the crest of a hill, I noticed a small revolving set of green lights. This entire display lasted no longer than 15 seconds. I practically ran with my dog to the bottom of the hill to investigate, but I found nothing there.;47.75038;-122.32976
Slowly pulsing light observed at very high altitude visible in broad daylight;2009-06-10 17:55:00;20 min;Slowly pulsing light observed at very high altitude visible in broad daylight While watching a crow harrass a bird of prey, I noticed what at first appeared to be an extremely bright fixed point of light in the sky in broad daylight. It appeared to be a star, planet, or possibly an iridium flare (although the location in the sky that this occured and speed/movement would rule out all three of these possibilities) that shined extremely bright for a period of approximately 15-20 seconds at a time before slowly fading out of visibility. After another 15-20 seconds of invisibility, it slowly increased brightness until it was easily visible again with the sun shining bright and still plenty high in the sky (more than three hours before sunset). It was far too high in the sky to make out a shape. There was no apparent color (just white light). It moved approximately twice the distance of pinky to thumb spread as far apart as possible on an outstretched arm in the duration of our observation - approximately 15-20 minutes. This distance was somewhat consistent with the movement of some light clouds at high altitude in the jetstream, although it moved slightly slower than the clouds. The cloud cover was very minimal (less than 5% of sky). Location in the sky was due north, very close to the location of the North Star, moving from east to west.;47.75038;-122.32976
Red/ orange bright glowing object in the sky over Lake Washington area.;2014-04-27 21:00:00;10 minutes;Red/ orange bright glowing object in the sky over Lake Washington area. Witnessed a red/ orange glowing object that moved with purpose over the north end of Lake Washington near Kenmore/Lake Forest Park.   The object was seen from my home in North Shoreline.   It traveled slower than an airplane, and was very bright.   I couldn't believe what I was seeing.;47.75038;-122.32976
Bright white light teaveling through the sky and disappearing, seen both in Oregon and Washington;2019-07-29 10:30:00;5 minutes;Bright white light teaveling through the sky and disappearing, seen both in Oregon and Washington On 7/28/19 my boyfriend and I had gone out for a cigarette before bed while on vacation in Seaside, OR, and noticed an extremely bright white light in the sky that appeared above the ocean and moved over head.  It was moving too quickly to be a star and too slow to be a plane.  There were no other lights than the constant bright white moving silently over the sky.  We watched it for about 5 minutes until it slowly grew dimmer before our eyes and disappeared. Upon ariving home in Shoreline, Wa, on 7/29/19 and also going out for a smoke around 10:20 at night, we witnessed the exact same phenomena.  Bright white light traveling overhead for about 5 minutes, too quickly to be a plane and too slow for a star, until it slowly disappeared.  I must also note, both nights have been clear skys with no clouds.;47.75038;-122.32976
12-13 lights witnessed, traveling perpendicular to clouds and stars, some in loose formation with no Civilian Airliner Nav strobes.;2020-01-28 18:34:00;20 minutes;12-13 lights witnessed, traveling perpendicular to clouds and stars, some in loose formation with no Civilian Airliner Nav strobes. I live in Shoreline, Washington, (North of Seattle). I’m married with one child, he’s 4. I am a career Journey-person in Machine Repair. I have a solid foundation in sights in the sky as I am an avid sky watcher, but mainly for aircraft and when weather is clear, stars, satellites and the I.S.S.. I work for Boeing in the 737 MAX factory down in Renton, yes, it’s a tough time….I’m not here to discus MAX issues, all apologies.  But what I and my family witnessed tonight, I have to get out there.  Full disclosure: I am a believer in life outside of humanity, the universe is too big to believe otherwise. I also have had 2 prior UAP sightings. One, in Michigan driving south on 127 from Lansing to Jackson, was significant (to me) as I witnessed a bright light pulsating between green and blue, watched for several minutes then it accelerated to, what I can only estimate, about 1,800 to 2,100 MPH at maybe a 70-80 degree angle perpendicular to the horizon. It was interesting. I texted my future wife and told her “I saw a UFO”. She was and is a skeptic. I’m ok with that.  Fast forward 9 years to tonight, January 28th, 2020. Look, I am being so talkative because I want you and everyone to know I’m just a normal guy who loves RC crawlers, airplanes/spacecraft, the stars…maybe I’m trying to hard. I don’t know. Either way, here was the sighting from tonight:  I went out to take the trash out. Normal Tuesday night routine. As always, if I get a chance to look up I do. I have seen our (Boeing’s) 747 Dream Lifter lining up to land at Paine Field in Everett WA 4 times now since we moved to the Seattle area, and it’s a beautiful bird! Anyway tonight it is partly cloudy, I notice the clouds are fairly fast moving, traversing to the north at many MPH. Fast enough that it makes the stars breaking through look as if they are moving to the South. As I stated before I have seen satellites and the I.S.S. and am familiar with civilian passenger aircraft flying at 40,000 (or so) feet…they have navigation beacons and strobe lights to identify direction of travel and weather they are above or below you. But what I saw next baffled me at first.  I saw a satellite. I “knew” this because the “dot”/“point of light” was larger than a star and traversing on a west to east trajectory. I “knew” it was a satellite for about 2-3 seconds, it went behind a cloud….and then another “satellite” appeared in the same spot the other one had from behind a cloud traveling in the same direction. My senses perked up. For the next minute I watched several more “satellites” traverse the same section of sky, some were in loose formation, not military precision type formation, but two offset with one trailing back as if it was part of a delta formation. I thought about trying to take a video or pic with my iPhone but knew this wouldn’t work. Next best option, I ran to the front door and said (with enough “worry” in my voice as I dare) “Babe, can you come look at this? I want you to see it!” My wife, probably thinking the worst: crashed car, somebody in danger….she is a Neonatal Nurse Practitioner after all, she quickly grabbed shoes and cak! e outside. Our son was curious too at the excitement so I picked him up and carried him out. I pointed up and said I saw something flying between the clouds. And to my delight, and with no more suggestive descriptions, the lights kept traversing cloud breaks. I asked my wife, “did you see that?” Wife, “all I see is an airplane” I explained what I saw before alerting her and almost on cue, two more traversed in again, a loose formation, and she said “yea those are really close” At this point I’m really trying hard to NOT use terms like UFO or Aliens!!! Cuz well, skeptics. She knows I know airplanes, she knows I can point out a satellite or the rare ISS transit. I pointed out how the direction the”lights” were traveling was perpendicular to cloud/star travel. Faster. And also no Nav lights…at all. She said “We live close to a military base” She is correct, Whidbey Naval Air base to the West and Louise McChord to the way south. I agreed with her, could be military…. Yet I poin! ted out that the “objects” never came back out from behind the! cloud t hat obscured them. While we were watching, a passenger airliner passed behind that same cloud heading north, Nav lights and all, then reappeared in the same general cloud break we saw the “lights” in. I said “see, that’s an airplane, and it did exactly what it should do, blink and strobe, go behind clouds and cone out on the other side”  My son was begging to go back in uninterested, again I was NOT using suggestive language, and my wife said she needed to go to the grocery store before she could get our son to bed so I could sleep as well. While she was gone I went back out to observe. I saw to more airliners traveling north, one more object as the previous but it looked as though it was traveling west to east on a more northern trek. And then about 6-7 minutes later one more “object” that was traveling same direction as the others, but I only saw it briefly.  When my wife returned, I didn’t want to freak her out, or if she was, perpetuate the fear. I told her “I know what we saw” she gave me the ‘look’. I said “it wasn’t a UFO” she looked at me and said “no?” “No babe, those were UAP’s” again a question look. “Unidentifiable Aerial Phenomenon, we don’t know WHAT those were” She accepted, to my surprise.  Again, I’m not here to spread some outlandish “experience”, I’m a normal dude, father, husband and Precision Machine Repair-person…just wanted to get this down and out there while it was fresh in my mind!;47.75038;-122.32976
There was a string of lights heading east. They must have been VERY high like in low orbit because I could not hear anything. My partne;2020-10-15 06:23:00;3 minutes +;There was a string of lights heading east. They must have been VERY high like in low orbit because I could not hear anything. My partner ((name deleted)) saw them first and came in to get me to come out and see them. We stood and watched them for about a minute still and it was a long string of lights that looked a lot like satellites. They were in twos and singles. There were easily over a hundred. They stretched all the way across the sky. They ended before 6:30 am.;47.75038;-122.32976
Bright light on object.;2021-08-29 05:39:00;1 minute;Bright light on object. Saw a slow moving object with bright lights that did not have the colors of a normal plane, was moving slowly then an airplane would be moving. Saw it going over my house as I watched this object with bright lights out of the living room window but did not see it come back over my house as I was looking out my bedroom window.;47.75038;-122.32976
