its been 10 years, did anybody else see what i saw in shoreline washington;1997-06-01 23:00:00;10 min;its been 10 years, did anybody else see what i saw in shoreline washington okay, ive never told anybody of this, it was the scariest time in my life, please, if you think this is a lie you are wrong, it was about 1:00 am i think, i dont know really, it was late, way late, me and my friend were thug kids, and we were on our way to our friends house on wallingford i think, he lived across from the dump next to the small power station. well anyways, we were walking down motorcycle hill, thats what every body called it, on the way down the hill it looked like up ahead at the main road about 175 meeters ahead, there was a streel light that was very bright, as we decended down the hill, noticing the street light was now higher in the sky, it wasnty moving or if it was it was very slow, it looked like a light pointed right at you, where its all light. well as we got to the bottom of the hill, almost to the street, it was out of sight. we got to my friends house a minut later, as we were all outside in the sidewalk, i looked down the street and we all saw it, it was only a few blocks away, as big as 3 747s or bigger, it was triangle shape but with slightly rounded corners, it was thick, black, like stories high, multiple levels with obvious lights, undernieth, there was a round glowing white but very dim circle in each corner. it was slowly moving, it crossed overhead about 2 blocks down, and seemed to float down to somebodys backyard, it was out of sight. silent the whole time, okay...  im not done... a bunch of sesna airplanes apeared everywhere, none had any running lights at all, i was aware this was a violation and so it stood out to me, then a huge search light... HUGE, it looked like it was cominf from a mountain top, it was huge from straight acros the sky, it came on and moved a bit, then another HUGE one from the other side of the sky. ive never seen any thing like it. they shut off soon after they came on  then me and my friend saie bye, and ran back up motorcycle hil, as we neared the top. a HUGE double bladed black hellicopter slowly passed overhead, its bay door was open, it had no lights at all except for a red light undernieth. it was so close i remember i could have throwen a rock and hit it. it went northbound, although the craft was heading southwest last we saw. thats my story, im not a hoaxer, im very willing to give all information to anybody. I KNOW WHAT I SAW. i love airplanes and did at that time, im well aware of what exists, and what i saw was the real deal. i cant explain it, but its with me everyday. it frightened my soul.  I CAN DRAW EXACTLY WHAT I SAW. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));47.75038;-122.32976
2 Triangle Shaped, Low Flying, Silent Craft over Seattle- 9/25/00;2000-09-25 20:15:00;6 or 7 seconds;2 Triangle Shaped, Low Flying, Silent Craft over Seattle- 9/25/00 On the evening of Sept. 25, 2000 at 8:15p.m. I was driving North bound at 25mph on a side street in Shoreline, WA (N. of Seattle) when 2 triangle shaped craft flew directly over my car headed North.   This was in a wooded residential area on a little street that is only about 6 blocks long, end to end.  There were no other cars on the street except mine, which is not uncommon since the street just leads to another road that is a dead end.  The craft had very bright green lights in the front and very bright, bright white lights in the back, one on each corner.  The white lights were so bright they illuminated the back of the craft and you could see it was solid across the back.  The green lights in front (one at the point and one or two on each side very close to the front point)  were also bright and emitted a green glow downward as they passed over my vehicle.  It was similar to witnessing a traffic accident where the crash may have only taken 1 or 2 seconds, but everything seemed to move in slow motion.   Looking out my windshield, first I saw the green glow from above, then the green lights as the first aircraft passed over my car.  I thought it was a plane that was going to land in the street and I slammed on my brakes and the green and white lights from the 2nd craft passed over my car and I realized they were 2 jet like aircraft, except they were triangle shaped and I said out loud What is that?   They appeared to be flying in formation and reminded me of the way the Blue Angels fly, so close together.   The 1st one was in front of and a little to the left of the 2nd one. (The right 1/2 of it was in front of the 2nd one)  They flew very fast, very close together, had very, very, bright, bright lights, were just above the tree tops and were silent.  My car window as half to 3/4 of the way down and I did not hear a sound.  They continued to fly North.  I estimate the total time I observed them as 6 or 7 seconds.  I am a middle aged, professional, married woman and this is my first sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and found her to be quite serious minded in her approach to the incident.  The party was quite convincing, and the person occupies a position of responsibility in the business community.  We have checked with the administrators of local sky cameras, and have found no record of the incident yet, but if the objects were at as low an altitude as the witness suggested to us, they would not have been recorded on the camera in Woodinville, WA its effective horizon to the west is some 20 degrees above the horizontal plane.  PD));47.75038;-122.32976
I stepped outside onto my deck at about 11:30 PM. It was very dark and slightly overcast.  I looked up and something looked odd about s;2019-10-23 23:30:00;1:00;I stepped outside onto my deck at about 11:30 PM. It was very dark and slightly overcast.  I looked up and something looked odd about some stars that I could see in the distance.  These appeared to be very close together.  I continued looking and as my eyes adjusted I could see that it was a huge dark triangular object.  It had somewhat of a sparkly dark redish appearance that differentiated it from the sky. I immediately went inside to get my husband.  He saw the same thing.  As we were standing out there watching it, we saw more details.  There seemed to be lights in the center that were circulating.  These were red, white and blue in color.  We also saw lights blinking at different points on the triangle in irregular patterns.  Sometimes the light would get brighter in the center and the go outwards to the points. After watching it for about an hour, off to the right a bright light jetted across the sky at lightning speed toward the triangle. After seeing this, I looked around and saw several more triangles directly above where we were and an additional one very close to the larger triangle.  They all had a similar appearance to the larger one. Just after seeing all of these object I saw what seemed to be small balls of light leaving from the points of the large triangle  The large triangle and the smaller ones did not seem to move at all for a good hour. We came inside for a little bit and when we went back out I could still see the large object but it had moved and I could not see it as well as it was obscured by the trees.  The smaller triangles were no longer in the sky. We saw a lot last night.;47.75038;-122.32976
