UFO's over Florida on New Year's Eve 2011;2011-01-01 00:01:00;20 Minutes;UFO's over Florida on New Year's Eve 2011 I am submitting this information on behald of my father, who video recorded the incident.  It was New Year's Eve night and my mom noticed two red-glowing lights in the sky towards the North.  They hovered across the entire sky and flew past the horizon, making no sound at all. Approximately 15 minutes later four more red-orange glowing lights appeared in the sky.  Upon this taking place, my father ran inside and quickly grabbed his video recorded.  He recorded two of the objects as they hovered overhead.  One of the lights quickly darted to the North, stayed there for a couple of seconds, and flew right back to its original position. Almost immediately, the light that re-positioned itself where it was started floating above the other light and disappeared.  About two minutes after the first light disappeared, the second light was gone as well.;27.850827342048;-82.787462636165
6 bright objects with trails hovering over Gulf of Mexico.;2013-12-17 17:45:00;left prior to end of even;6 bright objects with trails hovering over Gulf of Mexico. On December 17th at approximately 5:45 PM, I was in my vehicle heading due west on Park Blvd approximately 1/4 of a mile east of the Park Blvd/Seminole Blvd intersection.  Straight ahead in my field of vision, in the distance of what I instinctively perceived to be towards the end of Park Blvd (where it runs into the beach or the Gulf of Mexico) I saw in the sky six to eight glowing objects.  I am positive there were six, I thought there could have been another two lower in the sky and in the far right of my field of vision.  The objects appeared to be small balls of light with what appeared to me to be connected to short vapor trails.  If there had been only a single object I would have associated this with a typical small aircraft, but because of the number of objects and their proximity to each other I could not imagine that these objects were aircraft.  Because of the direction of the vapor trails it was quite obvious that the objects were moving in either a straight downward direction (perpendicular to the horizon) or downward at a diagonal direction towards the horizon.  While there was no quick movement it did appear that the lenght of the vapor trails was slowly growing.  These objects appeared to be white, or a white light.   Against the setting orange colored sky these objects appeared very bright, or would be very bright at a closer range.  The sky was very clear as a cold front had wiped away most, if not all of the cloud cover.  The objects appeared larger than stars and a little smaller than the size of Venus in the evening southwest sky. 	In the end, the best comparison I can make is that these objects very closely resembled those in science fiction movies when meteorites have entered Earth's atmosphere and are hurling towards the planets.  My gut reaction when I saw the objects was exactly that of Oh no there are meteorites heading towards us.  Then I realized that was a little improbable as someone somewhere would have detected an event of that nature in advance. 	I was not able to investigate further and had to turn away from the objects and head towards home.  They were still glowing when I left.  I am forwarding a short video separately from this report.  One final note, as I turned down my street I noticed that a Coast Guard helicopter which usually flies swiftly in a southerly direction down the coast was taking additional time covering the area, possibly circling.;27.850827342048;-82.787462636165
Two unidentified rather large red lights heading East and then slowly dim fading away.;2016-03-04 19:40:00;2 minutes;Two unidentified rather large red lights heading East and then slowly dim fading away. Well I was out front of my aunt's house, it's on lake Seminole nere park blvd, I was giving him a hug and over his shoulder through a tree I saw two bright rather large red, not just flat red but in the middle was orange, lights that were heading East.  They where not flying at a steady speed they were whimsical almost in a manner and way to close to be safe if they were some other type of known vehicle.  As I saw them they where switching from flying stacked to single file, and steadying there flight pattern.  There light was all you could see, not like on a craft just light, and they where fading in and out a bit.  I told my boyfriend to look and my uncle was outside getting something out of his car so he looked too.   After seeing them, he then went inside and out the back with my aunt, which is on the lake, because that was the way the UFOs were heading.  There is a video from my boyfriend's cell phone that cuts off when we are about to lose sight of them and r! un to the other side of the building.  When I get to the lake side, right as I round the corner, the UFO following the first slowly and unfluently dims and fades away.  Shortly afterwards the other one does the same, but this one seemed to get brighter right before it fades.  So me my aunt, uncle, and boyfriend are standing there going what the hell was that.   Shortly after they faded, I notice that there was air traffic around and looking at all the different airplanes at different distances with their lights it reassured me that this was definitely not anything normal.;27.850827342048;-82.787462636165
