Mid Pinellas County-moving lights in horizontal fashion, right to left, left to right: brilliant green, blue, purple, pink, red.;2012-10-23 01:30:00;>1 hour;MId Pinellas County-moving lights in horizontal fashion, right to left, left to right: brilliant green, blue, purple, pink, red. I saw what looked like a flat horizontal array of lights with extremely vibrant colors: purple, deep purple, green, blues, pink, red, some white but not much, that motioned back and forth horizontally. The object stayed in the exact same position for over 5 minutes so I grabbed binoculars to look closer. I could see with the binoculars much better, and the light colors were primarily green flashing with intermittent colors already mentioned, but seemed to come back to green mainly.  Over the course of about one hour, the stars up in the sky (big dipper) moved some as usual over the course of one hour, but this object with the moving lights stayed in exact same position.  Then, I saw what I thought was an airplane moving through the sky below this object (lower in height and closer to earth) and I thought to myself “hmm, see that’s an airplane so this object is clearly higher than an airplane but MUCH lower than the stars”.  Then I realized the airplane was moving way too fast for an airplane and it was too low to not be heard in the sky, and then it disappeared.  Seconds later, I saw another lighted object much further away than the original one I’m seeing, but this second one is positioned in the sky at the same place where the plane disappeared.  The two are still sitting in the sky now (the two brilliantly lighted objects) one is much closer in proximity than the second one, but they are both emitting beautiful lights that move horizontally left to right and right to left, with primary colors of green and bright purple and also blue and pink occasionally.  I tried to take a picture using my iPhone and video with iPhone to no avail.  They’re too far away in the sky to capture with iPhone technology.  But, I know what Im seeing. Clearly, most definitely not man made and not stars either.  Amazing.  This has made a believer out of me.;27.850827342048;-82.787462636165
