triangular object with 3 bright lights moved east to west  across east montgomery over the v.a. hospital.;1994-06-01 21:00:00;2-3 hrs;triangular object with 3 bright lights moved east to west  across east montgomery over the v.a. hospital. i was sitting in my livingroom watching tv when i noticed a bright light through my screen door. this light was coming from the east and was very noticible due to the intensity of it. generally there are no aircraft approaching danelly field airport from that direction as i do not live on the glidepath therefore i really did not pay much attention to it and continued watching tv. it was just beginning to get dark out side at the time. after about 30 mins i took notice of it again, however it was closer and much brighter. again i continued watching my program. the third time it really caught my eye because the single bright light was now three lights and was approaching the school across the street from my home. next to the school is the va hospital. it glided over it as i watched one corner behind the hospital the other crossing the edge of the property line (at least 500 yrds, from tip to tip). this must have lasted a good hour after it captured my full attention. i watched it cross over the street i live on i continue over the neighborhood behind my home. i got into my truck and attempted to follow it. this object continued west then south. till the time of this report i have not mentioned this to anyone. i was listening to coast to coast when you were the guest. i decided to research this to see if anyone else may have reported this to your network. i found a reference to approximately the date to my sighting. see montg., al. 6/01/94, reported on 6/22/99. i sure wished i could contact the other person whom i believe shared this experiance with me. untill now i was convinced it was just my imagination. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD));32.3711191507433;-86.1961232696413
I was coming back to my college dorm at Auburn University at Montgomery -AUM (after grocery shopping one night) and I saw something h;1994-06-01 22:00:00;2 minutes;I was coming back to my college dorm at Auburn University at Montgomery -AUM (after grocery shopping one night) and I saw something hovering over the AUM watertower (the watertower is really TALL and HUGE). There were 3 white lights spaced in a triangular pattern and I believe the lights were circular in shape. There was absolutely no sound. I began to franticly flash my high beams and low beams over and over again. I wanted the object to notice me so that it would leave the watertower. As I was about a mile away from the object (north of the object), it began to move away in a southern direction. There were no colored lights whatsoever. I thought to myself, why on earth would an object be hovering over a huge watertower within an eighth of a mile of a university. I could not actually see the shape of the craft because it was pitch black night. However, since the lights were triangularly spaced apart, I assume that the craft itself was triangular. I told my mom and girlfiend about this incident but I have never reported it to any ufo agency until now. The weird thing about that night was that it was real quiet. By that I mean I was the only one on that road (no other vehicles) and there was strange silence. I will never, ever forget that night.;32.3711191507433;-86.1961232696413
A huge, very low, black triangle traveling at a very low speed and making a low hissing sound traveled directly over my home.;1994-06-15 22:00:00;10 minutes;A huge, very low, black triangle traveling at a very low speed and making a low hissing sound traveled directly over my home. During the late spring, early summer, of 1994 (not exactly sure of precise date but am very sure of this time-frame), I was home alone in South Montgomery, Al., located just south of the southern blvd.  It was dusk and just had become dark.  I heard what I assumed was the bugquot that used to spray for mosquitoes during the summer late in the evenings.  I quickly began to go around the house closing windows and resumed whatever it was I was doing.  After a few minutes I realized the sound of the bug truck wasn't going or moving very fast so I stuck my head out of the door to see what it was doing. If you have ever heard the bug truck in your area, it makes a distinct sound.  I saw no vehicle or lights on the road out front coming from either direction.   Curious, I walked outside in the side yard and was puzzled because I continued to hear the truck spraying but didn't see it.  At this point it sounded as if it was driving or moving away from my! location.  I then caught movement above my head moving in a southeastern direction towards the Alfa Insur. angency and the Dannelly Field air port.  What I saw was stars disappearing way out in front of me in a wedge formation, probably several hundred yards away, and stars reappearing just over my head in a straight line.  I then realized what I was looking at was huge, jet black or the same color as the sky, and in the form of a giant triangle. And low!  I feel like I could have shot a rock from a sling shot and hit it in its belly.  That night was very dark and still other than what I was seeing and I recall this object having low or dim lights in a straight line along its three edges that were constant or not blinking.  These lights were no brighter than the stars in the back ground.  It's span from left to right was several hundred yards and its nose or tip was several hundred yards away from me.  Again, I couldn't believe how low it was.  As it was moving away, so wa! s the bug truck sound.  I recall being scared and excited at t! he same time while I was out there and was talking out loud in amazement.  As the rear of whatever I was seeing was disappearing over the tree line, my neighbor's Dad stepped outside.  I recall asking him loudly if he saw what I saw.  He said he heard the bug truck.  I remember  telling him what I saw but also remember he didn't understand what I was trying to tell him or what I was describing.  I immediately went back into the house after it disappeared completely in the Dannelly Field direction and called a number listed for Dannelly Field.  I don't remember if who I spoke with or what number I called, but they seemed puzzled about my story.  I remember asking the person all kinds of questions but they didn't seem to believe me.  I don't recall calling anyone else but have always wondered who else saw this thing, and how many people actually reported it to either Dannelly Field or Maxwell Air Force Base.  I've only told my parents and wife about this story since this happened only! because it sounds so far-fetched.  Who else saw this during the late spring or early summer of '94?  I don't know what I saw, but it was real, was huge, was moving slow, was making that bug truck sound, and was a pretty awesome experience. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));32.3711191507433;-86.1961232696413
low slow bright light, no sound;2000-01-07 23:00:00;4to5min;low slow bright light, no sound while traveling south on county road 7 about four miles south of old selma road a triangle shaped craft approached from the east at about 20 mph.  It crossed the road in front of us heading towards the GE plant in Berkville in Alabama, the only bright spot on the horizon to the west.  Upon seeing the triangle I slowed my speed to under 25 mph, and watched it travel another 1/2 mile, stop, and retraced its route.  It was approximately 120 feet in the air.  I stopped my car about 1/4 of a mile after passing underneath it.  Turned around to see it retrace it's path & come back at a slower speed, approximately 10 mph.  Went another mile, or so - & vanished. Thank you for your return call Sunday evening.  You had me as a Mrs. Montgomery.  I neglected to give you my last name, sorry. The craft was triangle in shape, with bright lights on all three corners, one or two lights down the sides, all white lights.  One toward the front was especially bright.  It created shadows from the bushes & trees, and lit up the brush so you could see colors.  Was flat across the back with no lights on the back.  The triangle was black.  The underside was void of any distinguishing marks.  The night was very clear, and somewhat warm.  Lots of stars, and very little moon.  The area we were in is very unpopulated, and has many fields where crops are during season.  It made no sound. There is a commercial airport with a air force reserve squadron five miles to the southeast.  There is a major airforce base about five miles to the northeast.  Danley field, and maxwell afb respectively. Prior to seeing it the radio on fm fading in & out with a kind of squeally noise.  It only happened once, and lasted only a few seconds.  Not tyical for this area.  The closest we ever got was about 200 feet. On a personal level I am 35 year old mother of three daughters, marrried, 3 years of college, business major, home school my children, and work as a clerk in a movie store, accounting background.  This was witnessed by myself, and three daughters.  Who up until now have been very skeptical about ufos!;32.3711191507433;-86.1961232696413
Triangular objects of incredible speed and movement;2005-05-25 02:45:00;30 seconds;Triangular objects of incredible speed and movement At Approx. 02:45 while on post as Security Officer on vehicle patrol near downtown Montgomery, I noticed 2 strange objects in the air above me.  These objects appeared to be at about 10,000 ft. They had strobe lights that emanated along the entire length of all 3 sides of each object as well as 3 large pulsing lights under what i will say is the bottom of each object and i noticed a low humming noise coming from the air.  The objects moved slowly at first, almost seeming to hover, and after about 20 seconds they exited to the west in a burst of speed that I can only describe as almost instantaneous.  The objects then stopped again and were only visible as 2 pulsing lights at that point.  The objects again moved to the West and dissapeared completely.  The objects maintained exact distance from each other during this entire time and the altitude of the objects did not seem to change during this sighting.  The event lasted about 30 Seconds.;32.3711191507433;-86.1961232696413
Triangle shaped ufo with white lights.;2014-02-27 21:00:00;10 minutes;triangle shaped ufo with white lights Saw the figure driving home from college night class.  Was hovering so I thought it was a helicopter, but didnt move for at least 3 minutes.  Then got up closer to it and pulled over on the side of the interstate at the first millbrook exit.   It started moving, it was in the shape of a triangle with no blinking lights on it.  Bright white lights on the front of the craft.  Kept hovering over this field across the interstate and dropping down below the tree line. It was very big hard to determine exact size.   It faced me once but only to turn back towards behind the tree line.   Shortly after dropping back down it stayed down.  Then a small light of some sort came from behind the tree line and left the area.;32.3711191507433;-86.1961232696413
