Low flying disc shaped object with colored lights at it's base changing in and out or maybe rotating, quiet, serene.;1974-06-20 05:30:00;1 minute;Low flying disc shaped object with colored lights at it's base changing in and out or maybe rotating, quiet, serene. I was actually raised in a small rural town East of Ashland. While growing up, two siblings and myself shared a bedroom. I'm not exactly sure of the year, but I know my older sister was married and my other sister was married in 1973. I finally had my own bedroom. My brother was still @ home and sleeping. Mom and Dad of course were sleeping in their room. I would have been 20 years old @ the time. A bedroom window was over my bed. To the north of the house was a Maple tree which was outside my bedroom window. Early morning. Still dark outside. Clear sky.  I was awoken by a very loud sound, that sounded like a low airplane. I wanted to see what the sound was so I got up on my knees and looked outside the window. What I saw has stayed with me for 33 years. Just above the tree-top was a disc shaped object that had colored lights at it's base. The lights seemed to have a pattern of rhythm changing in and out or maybe rotating.  It slowly moved just above the tree top heading north. I cannot remember a deafening loud noise at my window then, but a humm sound. It was summer. There was no motion of the leaves or tree limbs (like strong wind) when it passed over. I lost sight of it after it passed over the tree. I ran into the bathroom (which was the next room over)to look out that window (which faced the same direction) and it was gone. It's like it totally disappeared quickly.  What's amazing to me is nobody else in the house was awoken by the LOUD noise. It's like I was the only one meant to see it.  My brother, maybe 10 minutes later was up. I said to him, I just saw a UFO. His response was naturally...yea right!  This is not a young girl's imagination. This was not a dream. I KNOW WHAT I SAW and I will never forget it! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));40.8552;-82.3143
Object shows-up in a picture then historical and scientific people begin to run into me while traveling.;2006-07-02 10:00:00;very short;Object shows-up in a picture then historical and scientific people begin to run into me while traveling. First of all. I do not want any publicity at all.  I am a 56 year old business professional.  At a family wedding the photographer was taking some infared pictures that bothered him greatly.  I am the last in our family to have the picture but have sent it to multiple friends around the country for use if anything happens to me.  The picture itself shows long and circular vapor trails going around a tree and stopping right in front of the church.  There is an insect or fish looking thing in fron to another tree.  Upon close inspection, I was stunned to notice what looks like a disc trying to be invisible above the church.  My son reversed the picture on microsoft paint when the details became much clearer. The scary part is that whenever I was traveling (by air for business) with the picture I kept running into people that were related to the history of these objects.  First I met a relative of James Forrestal that told me a frightening story, then a nephew of a guy by the name of ((last name deleted)) who again told me a frightening story.(said his relative's first name was ((first name deleted)) and he was ((deleted--with a military unit)) in New Mexico in 1947)   The event that really affected me was sitting next to two Wright Patterson civilian scientists with creditials that went crazy when they saw the picture. They claimed that they had never seen everything in one picture.  The first question they asked was are you running into people with interest in the same subject matter.  I said yes and they then suggested some rules that I should live by whenever I carry the picture.  The conversation went on for over an hour and I have never traveled with the picture again.   Also met a DOD guy that began talking about the subject matter and was insistent that I send him a copy of the picture which I never did.  I have no idea what is going on but I just can't get all of this out of my mind.    By the way, the Wright Patt people shared that they work on cloaking.  I had recently seen an old movie called the Philadelphia Experiment and I asked them if cloaking was anything like that movie and they said yes, do you think we stopped there?  They also suggested that I should not trust anyone in the public eye regarding this subject matter.   I never wanted any of this and quite frankly didn't believe any of the hype but gentlemen, something is happening to me with this nonsense and I just can't put it out of my mind.   Can you help me with all of this?   I will show you the picture if you like.  In case you are wondering, I have never seen one of these things myself that I know of?  Thank you for your time and I really hope that you can help me.  I would be extremely happy to be convinced that it is a camera problem but I still can't explain the people I kept meeting.;40.8552;-82.3143
