object came down from clouds and moved around general area of my back yard, then went off in same manner it came in.;2004-07-15 13:30:00;1 minute;object came down from clouds and moved around general area of my back yard, then went off in same manner it came in. While sitting in my back yard on a Summer day in 2004 I was looking up in the sky as I often do. The day was partly cloudy with puffy white clouds moving through the area all day. As I was enjoying my time on our yard swing watching the clouds while my then four-year-old Son was playing I seen what I can only describe as a 'Tinkerbelle' object come from out of the clouds toward my yard. I honestly shook my head and blinked my eyes in disbelief! As the object moved closer it seemed to get smaller but remained fuzzy in appearance, almost like a dandelion bloom. Buy get smaller I mean it did not seem to become larger as it came closer. Therefore I can only assume it performed some shrinking act while it moved from the clouds closer to the Earth and our yard. I would also add that it appeared larger in form as it first came out from the cloud cover.  After about a minute of it buzzing around a small area -- much in the fashion of a dragonfly -- it went out over the trees and swamp near our home. I can only guess it to have been about 50 to 100 feet from the ground. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));41.5921;-71.4641
North Kingstown RI odd sighting;2006-02-21 21:00:00;? at least 1 minute;North Kingstown RI odd sighting This is going to sound a bit odd.  OK, alot odd.  I was traveling north on Rt.1 last night at about 9 PM in North Kingstown, RI just past Oak Hill Road but south of the Exeter exit, when I saw what looked like two very bright lights on the west side of the road (about 100 or so yards off the to the north and west.  As I approached, I realized the lights were standing still.  I slowed way down in my right lane to get a better look because as I passed the bright white lights, there were about ten neon blue strips of lights in triangular and pentagon shapes just hanging there in mid air above the trees but back into the woods.  I started to pull off the road to get a better look but I was A) shocked at what I saw and had a little bit of fear B) concerned that the cars behind me would be staring at the same thing and would rear-end my car instead of watching the road and C)I didn't want to be late to pick up my daughter from the movies in Warwick.  As a result I only got a 15-20 second close look at this thing.  I found it odd that only about 2-300 yards away there was the usual police officer parked on the south side of the road looking for speeders and he obviously didn't see anything (but he was facing north looking for the cars.  I went back with my daughter hoping it was still there and that there was a logical explaination but there was nothing there when my daughter and I returned about 9:55pm.  Anyway, I was wondering if any of the other drivers reported anything to explain this VERY UNUSUAL Phenomena.  P.S.- I'm a physician with a scientific background.  This souds as odd to me as it probably does to you. .;41.5921;-71.4641
Sphere shaped object with red striped lights in back and white lights Flashing around the sphere,flying towards Quonset.;2015-11-02 23:15:00;10 minutes;Sphere shaped object with red striped lights in back and white lights Flashing around the sphereflying towards Quonset. Arrowhead shaped. We stepped outside and saw this very large light in the sky.   Determined right away it wasn't a plane there were two other planes up much higher in the sky.  We watched as it approached.  There was no sound coming from it.  It had these red striped lights on the back and white lights flashing around the sphere shape.  It traveled towards Quonset.;41.5921;-71.4641
Fast amazing lights in the shape of a dart craft, fast and jagged path and disappeared quickly heading East,;2019-12-31 19:18:00;2 minutes;Fast amazing lights in the shape of a dart craft, fast and jagged path and disappeared quickly heading East, We were at the docks over by Wickford marina driving our children around to get them to fall asleep.  Because the way the orbs moved and the fact they looked like a dart like object in the sky we stopped to watch the two vehicles until they dissapeared at about 10,000 feet.  They moved in a jagged path which was the most remarkable part of the sighting.  Zig zagging at about 7-8000 feet above Quonset.  Then speeding off out East at a remarkable speed.;41.5921;-71.4641
