1/23/97: Huge black triangle w/ rearguard heli, sighted  over deserted Rte.1A in RI, drifts overhead & out to Sea.;1997-01-23 18:30:00;3 minutes;1/23/97: Huge black triangle w/ rearguard heli, sighted  over deserted Rte.1A in RI, drifts overhead & out to Sea. This is NOT a joke, even though the date for some reason is the same as today's date/ it just happened by 'coincidence?'  Anyway, was driving north on deserted Rte. 1A in N.Kingstown, Saunderstown area, just south of Jamestown Bridge entrance, when spotted 4 prs of small white lights to the NW, moving slowly in my direction in the clear nite sky. Pulled over, got out and watched a huge triangular object drift over my head just above some tall trees, moving SE from NW. Blanked out nite sky above me. The strange part: it was being followed by a small helicopter w/ brite flashing red light, which made usual HELI. sound. The triangle,which looked more like a huge manta-ray, w/ short triangular tail, emitted no sound/was 2-ft.ball fields wide/moving at maybe 20mph, the heli. 1/2 mile behind it. The feeling was very ominous,meant to re- port sooner/have had nitemares re-this/nobody here believes me... the 4- prs white lites were under the 3 main points of tri., the 4th under thetail which protruded from rear,making object almost quadrilinear.It&its helirearguard     faded to the Southeast,moving slowly out over Narr.Bay,to the Atlantic Ocean.;41.5921;-71.4641
While driving at dusk my daughter and I noticed an airplaine flying up in the sky w/ it's lights on heading in an easternly dirtection ;1997-11-21 17:00:00;10sec or less;Summary : While driving at dusk my daughter and I noticed an airplaine flying up in the sky w/ it's lights on heading in an easternly dirtection to Green Airport.  We were driving on route 1 heading north onto route 4 Just as we came to a location on rt.4 near a combination miniture golf/batters cages/golf hitting range that is when we noticed the airplaine w/ it's lights on.  In this same are there are no tall trees and the area has a considerable panoramic view.  The air plaine was a couple hundred feet in the air, and I had a view of about  100 to 120 degrees.  A friend of mine has informed that jet airliners go a maximum speed of about 200-250 mph.  I would assume that the airplane was going less than 200 mph if it was heading for a landing at green.  No sooner than I had seen this plane I then saw another plane above the 1st,  it was 2 time the hight of the 1st it too had its lights on and both had a triangular look to then. BUT as I watched both airplane's the 2nd passed the 1st as if it was standing still.  W/ in  5 seconds it was compleatly out of my sight as it to headed easterly direction. I would estimate that the other plane?!?!? was going about 10 time the speed of the 1st.  Even my youg daughter mentioned look at that dad I have a back ground in science/natural history.  I have seen the jets at the airshows in the summer at Quonsett base at the old sea-bees base.  The only time I have ever seen them disappeare that fast, they were close to the  ground.  I would estimate that both objects were about 1000 feet to 1/2 a mile away. Since it was dusk and dark I could not see  much except that both had a grey outline and both had their lights on.  dividing my windsheld up into 10 units by the time the 1st airplaine went one unite the second had disappeared.  I would basicly estimate that the 2nd object/plane was going 10 times the speed of the 1st. So if the 1st plane was going about 180 to 200 mph then the 2ndplane/object was going about  1800 to 2000 mph or more.  I have never seen a plane dissapear from my field of view like that in my life.  I have never seen a ufo in my life but because of the speed that this plane  was  going and that it dissapeared out of my viewing area w/in 5 + seconds I thought I should report this. I do not want to leave my name because I have heard about another person who has witnessed triangular and cigar shaped ufo's here in RI and that this same person who has recorded these ufo's, has since reported them on line.  I was also told that since this person reported these sightings several months later but use his own computer.  Later I was told that the ufo reporter was literally  visited by people in a white lincoln and the 'visitors' were taking pictures of this persons house.  These visitors stoped the picture taking only after having their picture taken by the person who made the ufo reporting.  I was also told that the visitors inthe white lincoln had no plates on it at all, because they had watched it arrive and leave.  In fact on its way in twords this persons house, a cop had stoped the white lincoln and then left the lincoln alone. Depending who these people  in the white lincoln are be it men in black or government military personell I for one do not want my life subject to what ever hell these people put  ufo reporters through. All my daughter knows of ufo's is what she saw in the men in black video, I don't want her or myself subjected to anysort of interogation terror tactics.  I asked her about the fast plane  we saw the previous week and she didn't remember the sighting that we had made at all. Anon. in RI;41.5921;-71.4641
I live on Annaquatucket rd in NK, RI I was sitting in my room and i heard dogs barking and crying outside my open window. I got up to s;2007-04-29 21:00:00;5 min;I live on Annaquatucket rd in NK, RI I was sitting in my room and i heard dogs barking and crying outside my open window. I got up to see what was going on and i looked out my window towards tower hill road facing north west and saw a ball of light with flashing triangular lights a good distance up in the sky. As i watched the object i saw it hovering moving in all directions. It lasted about 5 min then it sped off to the north at a very high speed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));41.5921;-71.4641
