Bright Orange Slow Moving Ball of Fire Moving Through The Sky.;2014-07-06 21:30:00;5 minutes;Bright Orange Slow Moving Ball of Fire Moving Through The Sky My husband and I were headed home from an evening of fishing and bird watching, driving back roads and looking for deer, when we came to an intersection. While my husband came to the stop sign I caught something out of the corner of my eye to the right of me from outside my passenger side window. In the sky was a slow moving, large orange ball.  I said outloud, What is that? While thoughts were processing in my mind, is it a helicopter?  A firework?  My husband said, What, where?  I said, Out there in the sky, what is that?!  He yelled, I don't know.  He put the four ways on and the truck into park. Another vehicle came up behind us, my husband motioned the guy to go around.  The guy stopped, my husband and I got out of our truck, and said to the guy, What is that?  He looked out his passenger window, and said, I don't know man, could be a firework.  Then he drove off. Several vehicles came and went, while my husband and I observed.  I grabbed the binoculars and looked, the thing was cone shaped with what looked liked fire spinning around it...very slow moving, very orange and very bright.  Resembled the search light of a helicopter, it's the only example I can logically give.  But I've never seen an orange spot light on any aircraft.  This is bizarre, I gave the binoculars to my husband and he saw the exact same thing.  It definitely appeared to on fire, spinning, very bright orange, and a cone shape.  I don't know if it appeared as a cone, so much so that it was spinning and the core of it gave off a triangular appearance or what.  It was like nothing we had ever seen.  And the fact that not a single other person gave it any thought, no one else stopped to get out and observe this bizarre sight.   We are clueless, was it a meteor?  No firework would drift or move so slow and burn so bright after explosion.  None that we'd ever seen. It literally went over top of us. As it moved on, we got back into the truck and followed it, eventually in minutes in completely disappeared.  We wonder did it burn out?  We will never forget this!;40.1481;-76.8657
