Large circular object with red blinking lights over Red Bud, IL Sunday Night;2009-08-08 23:00:00;2-3 minutes;Large circular object with red blinking lights over Red Bud, IL Sunday Night My husband and I were in our hot tub on our patio at about 11 p.m. on Sunday, Aug. 9, 2009 in Red Bud, IL. We had just changed places when I looked up and saw a large, slow moving, circular object moving from North to South about 1000 feet away and about 500 feet in the air. I was looking at it as I was facing Southwest. It is not possible for me to guess how large it was. It did not move as fast as a plane and it was much larger than a helicopter. It had red lights all around the perimeter and they all blinked in unison. That is what caught my attention. Airplanes usually have red and white lights blinking at different times. I ran into the house to get our camera, but by the time I came back out, it was much to far away to photograph. I have always wondered why no one gets a good photo of these things – now I know.  I also did not have my glasses on and as the object got further and further away, my view was blurring. I ran upstairs to get my glasses, but by the time I got back downstairs, I could not longer see the object. My husband didn’t see it--he had his back to the object and he thought I was kidding when I said there was something weird in the sky overhead. I said I thought I was looking at a UFO and he didn’t believe me. I kept telling him to turn around, turn around, turn around or you will miss it!  By the time I convinced him to turn around, it had already moved quite a ways away. He did not get a good look. He said he thought it could be an airplane, but that it didn’t look like any plane he knew of. Unfortunately, he didn’t turn around soon enough to get a good look. It was all over in two to three minutes. Airplanes do not have dozens of lights in a circular pattern all blinking in unison. This object was flying about the speed of a small single engine plane or a bit slower, but it was a huge object. I am pretty sure that what I saw was not an airplane. It moved very slowly for its size and was not high enough in the air to be an airliner. It was not shaped like an airliner. It was either oval or circular in shape. It made no noise as it passed over. We live about 30 miles from an air force base. That could explain it.;38.1895;-89.9978
