Flashing, color-changing lights and explosions in the sky.;2005-06-16 22:30:00;nearly one hour;Flashing, color-changing lights and explosions in the sky. I was telling my friend outside in his front yard of aan incident that occured when I was young of star-gazing and seeing a star that changed color.  Then he looked up and said kinda like that?  I was amazed to see the same type of bright color-changing light that I saw in nearly the same area and same position in the sky as when I was young.  My friend lives about a block away from the house that I was in when I saw it the first time.  We stared for a long time and viewed many color change patterns.  We saw yellow, green, blue, red, purple, and white lights come from the object.  After looking for a few minutes, he ran inside and got binoculars and we looked closely to confirm that it wasn't a plane (I dismissed this idea immeadiately because it stayed in one spot in the sky for a long time) or a radio tower light.  Both possible explanations were impossible because planes only have one or two color blinking lights and it was not attached to a radio tower.  Soon after this, we spotted another color-changing light below and to the left of the first.  I saw what looked like fiery explosions coming from both of the objects and they moved in the sky, going from point to point and stopping rather than moving as a plane would.  We decided to go inside because we were afraid, but I kept checking to see if they were still there.  About ten minutes later, one of the objects had disappeared.  then, the other one left also, but possibly not for good.  I'm not going to say either of the objects landed because I cannot confirm this next part.  My friend was pacing up and down the street when I heard a sound behind him.  It sounded like a car went speeding directly behind him at over 100 mph. This would be impossible as his house is in a position where no car could accelerate that quickly.  He asked Did you hear that? and Did you see anything behind me?  I did hear, but I did not see anything behind him.  He then told me that when he heard the sound, it felt like something ran directly behind him.  It was so close, he said, that he could feel the wind from it.  I have no idea if this second incident has anything to do with the lights in the sky, but it certainly made us believe that we were in the presence of something unsual. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));40.7384;-80.2921
