Unusual fog, complete silence with strobing light hovering over road and lake early in the morning.;2005-04-17 05:45:00;2 minutes;Unusual fog, complete silence with strobing light hovering over road and lake early in the morning. It was April 17, 2005 and I was on my way to work around 5:30am and turned south onto Shaver road.  As I headed south, Sugar-loaf Lake was just a few hundred yards in front of me.  The road by the lake was unusually thick with fog and I could see a red and white strobe light in the road about 15 ‘ off the ground.  I figured there must have been an accident due to the heavy fog and the lights went to a fire truck.  As I got closer the lights vanished. As I drove through the fog, the fog seemed different, almost like steam. Since I could no longer see the lights, I slowed as I didn’t want to run off the road or into the fire truck.  I decided to put my windows down to listen and that’s when the hair on my neck began to stand up.  There was not a single sound other than my car, not a bird, cricket or anything.  It was a scene right out of the movies. As I passed the lake I noticed the lights again on my right.  They seemed to be out in the water about 20 feet off the ground and maybe 30 or 40 feet long.  The fog was so thick I didn’t see what the lights were attached to.  They were a series of strobe type lights, one red then several white that went from right to left.  As I went another seventy five yards the fog was gone and so were the lights everything seemed to have vanished.  I turned onto the highway and looked to my right and I could see part of the lake.  It was clear, there was no fog and it was completely empty. I have no idea what the lights went to.  One might speculate they were from a UFO, but I did not see a craft through the fog, only the lights.  I went back that way a few more time over the next few days trying to figure out what I saw.  To this day I have no clue.   I told my wife and a few coworkers about the incident that day. About five years later I was flipping through the channels watching a show on UFO’s.  They were creating a computer generated recreation of an incident observed by several law enforcement officers in Illinois.  I was absolutely shocked when they had the craft turn and I again saw the exact same configuration of lights I saw back in 2005. A few years later as I was driving my son down that road and telling the story.  It dawned on me that as you get closer to the lake the elevation drops about 10 feet.   Initially I had thought it was a fire truck due to lights being about 10-15 feet off the ground. However, in reality they must have been about 25’ off the ground and could not have been a fire truck.;42.1880465306122;-85.5923232653058
