Object with three, bright red lights came out of object with three bright white lights.;1999-06-09 01:10:00;30 seconds;Object with three, bright red lights came out of object with three bright white lights. I was in my back yard at 1:10 am CDT helping my daughter check on her turtle in the pond.  I looked up at the western sky while talking to my daughter and noticed three, bright white lights in a horizontal row flying slowly to the west which I assumed was an airplane.  Something seemed strange about the lights - they were too big and too bright for a plane - so I watched it while talking with my daughter about her turtle.  Suddenly three bright red lights in a row came from the left side of the object with the three white lights and flew quickly off to the south. The object or three bright red lights flew off at a speed faster than any airplane would fly.  When I first saw the one object split into two objects, I froze in disbelief. My 13 year old daughter asked me what was wrong and I told her what happened.  She saw the two objects as they flew away.  There were no flashing lights on either object.  The objects were a little larger than the diameter of a dime held at arm's length. Both objects flew low and along the flight paths as planes that are landing at DFW Airport and that's why I thought the first object WAS a plane...until it split into two objects (I estimate the objects would have been over Lake Lewisville at the time they seemed to split into two objects - about 6 miles away).  These were not two planes crossing paths as I was looking straight at the first object and there were no other planes or lights in the area when the red lights suddenly emerged from the left side of the first object.  I heard no sound but probably wouldn't hear any sound from that distance anyway.  Right after I lost sight of both objects due to the trees I saw a bright flash of light like a beam of light coming from the ground to the north west of the objects but I only saw it once.  I stood outside watching the area for another ten minutes but did not see any more flashes of light or anything unusual. Exactly two years ago on June 7, 1997 I saw a large, crescent moon-shaped UFO only a little to the north of what I saw tonight.  I have seen flashes of light come from the ground in that area before (mostly lake and open fields there) as well as a circle of light that appeared on the ground with no originating source above.  About two weeks after I saw the UFO on June 7th, my daughter and I saw something flash/explode about 1/2 mile due north of our back yard - it lit up the whole northern sky.  Within 5 minutes of the flash/explosion, a helicopter arrived from the west and circled the area with two bright beams of light alternately circling and landing for over an hour seeming to search the ground for something (video taped it). I have a master's degree in counseling/psychology, past president-director of two UFO organizations.  I am now an independent investigator/researcher of UFO and related phenomena.;33.0951000000002;-96.8804999999996
Spherical cell formation, to strange lights and aircraft in the sky, and now actual beings amongst us.;2003-11-04 20:00:00;ongoing;Spherical cell formation, to strange lights and aircraft in the sky, and now actual beings amongst us. This all started about a year ago when I began to see spherical objects resembling cells. there was an outer circle with a smaller circle in the middle and in the center of the smaller circle were three teardrop shapes with the smaller side of th teardrops pinted inward toward each other. the teardrop shapes would be rotating clockwise or counter clockwise the cell formation would then split into. The size of these would vary from tiny or almost minute to extremely large and I could see them from anywhere from inside my house to outside in the atmosphere. The only other person who can see them is my sister. Since then I have seen strange lights and aircraft in the sky and now I see actual beings amongst us. I guess we are not supposed to see them or they are in some sort of invisible mode, because noone else seems to see them. I get very scared when they start to do thjings to me like I am not supposed to be able to see them. I can see them and I feel it when they do stuff to me because it is painful. I know I'm not crazy.I see this stuff every day everywhere now. Thank you for at least taking a report from me, and being open minded. Anyone who doesn't believe me, please consider just for one second that I am telling the truth, please.;33.0951000000002;-96.8804999999996
