Bright object observed in the morning sky until it suddenly disappeared;2010-03-18 07:05:00;5 minutes and 9 seconds;Bright object observed in the morning sky until it suddenly disappeared Me and my friend were at Walnut Beach in Ashtabula, Ohio sky watching. We noticed a bright object in the early morning sky. We focused my video camera on it, we then centered the object on the video cameras screen, then paid no attention to it. We then talked about what we had seen earlier that night over the lake, then turned back to the camera, and noticed that the object had moved. We continued to observe the object until it suddenly disappeared. We thought that the object could have been a star, or planet at first but quickly realized that the earth simply doesn't rotate fast enough to account for how far the object progressed across the sky, and even if it were a star or planet the path it would have followed across the sky would have been entirely different. We then thought about the idea of the object being a aircraft, however I did not see any anti-collision, landing lights, navigation lights, or wing lights that were blinking at a timed interval on this object. The object appeared to be pulsating with no predetermined order, and flashing an array of colors. I further concluded that the object could not have been a aircraft because the object was on a eastern heading towards the rising sun so with that being said after the objects lights went off, the sunlight would have reflected off of the aircrafts fuselage still allowing it to be visible. I am former Air Force, and I have been around a lot of different airframes. I've seen many different aircraft in the sky, and I can identify all of the airframes the USAF currently has in service, along with a good portion of those in the civilian sector on sight. However this object doesn't appear to be any airframe I am familiar with. Let alone the object was traveling at a extremely low airspeed, which in most cases the majority of aircraft would have a very hard time trying to stay airborne at such a speed. Not to mention the object was either in or extremely close to the NO FLY ZONE located around the Perry Nuclear Power Plant near Madison, Ohio. I eventually lost sight of the object when it suddenly disappeared from sight. I saw it disappear with my own eyes, an my friend saw it disappear on camera. We managed to capture the object disappearing on tape and we analyzed it frame by frame the best we could. I will be posting the videos link and the images link for the frame by frame breakdown below so you can see what we witnessed for yourself. Video link:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bAPdTd7oZqk    Frame by frame breakdown:  http://s773.photobucket.com/albums/yy20/robertg87/   Equipment: JVC Everio with tripod   Any advice, comments, ideas, or information as to what this object might be would be greatly appreciated. I am intrigued by this object and would love to have this footage analyzed but I have no idea on how to go about doing that. Thanks;41.8752481605352;-80.7834933110368
Abduction from a day cab style straight truck.;2018-03-10 01:00:00;4 hours;Abduction from a day cab style straight truck. Short (3.5'-4') grey skin tone, (2) to my right side (I was unable to move my head).  At least (1) to my left, as I will explain later. I was laying down in the truck at a Pilot truck stop about 9 miles south of Ashtabula, Ohio. I always cover my windows to keep all lights out and lock all the doors. I had backed in, so the front of my truck was facing the storefront. Typically, I'm out by 11:30 pm, but I kept getting a ringing sound in my right ear and was having trouble with my knee (previous injury, unrelated).  The last thing I remember is starting the truck around 12:30 am to let the heat run.  Then, it seemed almost instantly I'm floating on to a table.  The table felt high up, maybe 5-6'. I couldn't move anything.  My head was turned to my right shoulder.  It felt locked there.  I was overwhelmed with fear and could feel myself attempting to cry out for help.  Two very small 3.5-4' grey skinned creatures were to my right that I could see.  Everyone describes gray aliens different than these guys looked.  Their entire body was stubby their heads were almost too short for their eyes, which were very large like other people describe.  It was more over the shape of their face that look different than typical photos you see.  Where are the photos you typically see show them elongated in the face, these two look like it was almost smush down and like they were squinting with wrinkles between the eyes.  I couldn't speak or cry out, but I started to realize what was going on, so I thought in my head (best way to describe) for them to please help me relax.  I understood what was going on but I could not calm down.  Once I thought that, I could move my arms.  So I reached out towards one with my right arm and it held my hand. I did the same with my left arm and although I couldn't see it something grabbed my left hand.  Their hand was very soft warm but cold, and felt kind of like a toddler's hand feels (smooshy).  Once I was holding with both my hands I could not stop smiling. I was completely relaxed and all I could feel was happiness.  The one holding my hand on the right I believe is the one who was talking to me.  It asked if I was sure that I wanted to remember this time, and I told it I was not sure, but I was unsure of why it said this time.  It was then that I realized that I've been visited several times, I believe th! e first time was when I was five. I recalled a small devil like creature coming through the wall to my room.  I had a bunk bed with no bottom bed, and it just floated straight up to my face.  I immediately screamed, my dad came running in and found me in the far corner by my closet door. Being a kid, I told him the devil came for me. Now that I'm older I realize it wasn't a devil it was one of those creatures.  The next instance wasn't until I was 9 to 10 years old.  As I was going upstairs to bed I stopped at the Landing.  Outside of the window there was a saucer-shaped disc silver in color almost Gray with a large orange Dome on top of it. I thought that I had immediately went downstairs to get my dad.  But when I went to go get him to tell him what happened he asked what I was doing still up.  Apparently I had been upstairs for almost an hour, I thought it was only a matter of seconds. After telling my dad what had happened, he grabbed or old VCR camcorder went upstairs with me, and videotaped this craft which was still hovering outside the window!  After about 10 to 15 seconds, it shot off and was gone.  My dad went downstairs and called Airborne Express, which is the local DHL type company that was in business at the time.  He reported the incident to them as well as Wright-Patt Air Force Base.  No one reported seeing it they said that nothing was showing up on radars around that time and that it was probably a coincidence.  However the next morning when we woke up nothing was on the tape whatsoever.  On top of that we had a large pine tree outside of that window.  It was laying on the ground and completely black on one side like it immediately burnt partially and then died.  There was no other scaring to the ground anything like that. Enough of that back to the present.  So I'm laying on the table and I can feel other hands around me on my legs my arms my ear, and then I feel a hard pressure around my genitals.  Like a pump, but with pain like a heat/pain.  I'm completely distracted while all this is going on though because the creature to my left is now alone it's just me and him with my view.  He's telling me all kinds of things about meeting me in the past, but I can't recall what he was saying. I do recall him saying that I would forget things if I wasn't ready, and unfortunately he had no control over whether or not I would remember.  He could only allow me to remember what I wanted to remember.  About the time that I really calm down and stop feeling like I was going to have a heart attack, everyone was gone.  I woke up in the truck laying on my back on top of my blankets.  The truck was still running, but every light on the dash was lit up and alarms were going off on it, so I shut it off thinking it was overheating.  I turned it back on a couple seconds later and everything was fine.  The whole ordeal did not come to me until after I realize the truck was okay.  I immediately started freaking out, and then I heard the same voice again telling me everything was okay remember what I could he would see me soon. I feel like possibly over the years I have developed a friendship possibly with this creature, but I'm not sure of that.  Honestly I'm not really sure I even believe myself, however I can tell you that those other two instances definitely did occur when I was younger and I always wanted to know why they happened.  I've always had a interest in Aliens, but nothing more than any other young boy does.  I've never fantasized about being abducted I've honestly been freaked out about the thought of it, so I don't think that My Mind is Playing Tricks on Me or that I had a dream.  Another good note to add is I do not think that these creatures had a gender.  The only reason why I say that is the voice in my head that was talking to me did not appear to be male or female. I did wake up with a slight nose-bleed my right nostril, I had a headache and continued to have a headache all day. I had very irregular bowel movements and uncomfortable feeling inside my penis almost like pressure in! ternally. I do not drink alcohol. I do not do drugs. And to the best of my knowledge I have no mental illness from either side of my family that is known. I have never been a sleepwalker, and I don't tend to have very many nightmares. I wish I could remember more of what happened. Although I would definitely be terrified if this occurs again, I hope that I can be more open to it when it does though. I know they will be back because I recall the creature saying it would see me again soon. The beginning of the encounter was very intrusive and it felt embarrassing. They seem to just do what they needed to do, and then they comforted me. I will say that I agree with others about the whole pure love feeling. I definitely felt as though it possibly genuinely cared about me. I'm not entirely sure that it did, but it was a very comforting feeling. One other thing I do recall it asking me was if I remembered them fixing me when I ruined my ability to reproduce. I didn't answer then that I'm aware of but I think I know what they were talking about. When I was on a deployment to Iraq, we would restart the radars standing in range of them. We were warned if we did that we could become sterile. So I used to do it everyday joking that I did not need to have any more kids, as I had already had 3 at the time. I did wake up several nights with nosebleeds in Iraq, but in my opinion I believe at least most of those was due to the desert air. I hope my story has helped and some way shape or form, and I would love anyone can give me any information to help me understand what happened. If I have another encounter I will post it. These are not all of the details of this event I'm not very good at writing out things, and I only wanted to ride out what I was sure of. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he seemed to us to be quite sincere about the dramatic event he describes above.  We are going to attempt to put him in touch with an investigator.  PD));41.8752481605352;-80.7834933110368
