saw object flash and disappear on first night and on the next morning 3 objects appeared to come together in a triangle formation.;1999-08-10 22:30:00;overnight into morning;saw object flash and disappear on first night and on the next morning 3 objects appeared to come together in a triangle formation. On August 9th, Me and two of my friends went on a camping trip to the Upper Penninsula of Michigan.  We originally were planning on going to Porcupine Mountain State Park to check out the eclipse, but due to the length of the trip we decided to cut it short and stop in Munising which is located in the upper middle portion of the UP.  We found a good isolated spot in the Hiawatha National Forest to set camp.  The sight was right next to a small lake called Hovey Lake.  On the second night at about 10:30 I went to the lake to see if I could spot any falling meteorites(there was supposed to be meteor showers visible for two weeks during that period).  When I looked into the sky I noticed a flash in the sky so I waited to see if it would do it again.  Sure enough it happened again, but this time I managed to spot its location and called my two friends over.  Of what I observed the flash was coming from this object that would glow very brightly and then fade out.  The object was moving from Northeast to Southwest, but did not maintain a straight path( it reminded me of a tadpole swimming in water).  It looked like a star but every time it would speed up it would start to glow bright orange and expand immensly(like when metal becomes so hot it glows), and would change direction randomly.  This continued 'till about 11:00 PM, then it disappeared out of sight.  The next morning at about 4:30 we all woke up and went to a spot that we picked out earlier to see the eclipse.  (Little did we know that from our position on the globe it wasn't even possible to see the eclipse).  We picked a beach in town along the shore of Lake Superior so we could get a good view of the Sun as it rose over the horizon.  While the three of us were lying there on the beach I noticed the strange object from earlier that night was back in sight and up to its same tricks.  It continued to fly high over Lake Superior when it started to go berzerk!  The object started to zig-zag and do crazy loops as if the pilot didn't know how to fly the! damn th ing!  This continued for about 5-10 minutes before two more similiar objects came from the same northwesterly direction and continued until they both stopped and formed a triangle with the other one over Lake Superior. The triangle formation that they formed was huge given how high they were. They must have been about 50-60,000 ft. high.  They stayed in that triangle formation for about 30 minutes it was almost like they were waiting for something cosmic to happen.  Eventually as the Sun rose and the clouds got thicker the three UFO's begain to fade away.  I was with my friend and his girlfriend, we both are currently enrolled at Central Michigan University and before this event I always considered him a Pessimist or skeptic when it comes to UFO's.  He changed his tune real quick after this occurance.  Wether it was visitors from space or secret government projects, we couldn't explain it. WE JUST KNOW WHAT WE SAW.;46.3994;-86.6983
