7 objects with red, blue, and white lights and one moving star in Kansas night sky;2014-11-22 19:00:00;19:45;7 objects with red, blue, and white lights and one moving star in Kansas night sky Left restaurant and looked up at sky.  Noticed in the east a star that was changing between red, blue, and silver.   When I returned home which was west 15 minutes later, I again went to look up at the star.  What looked like a plane/jet was coming from the east, flew overhead, and proceeded west.  It made no sound.  As I turned to watch it head west, that’s when I noticed another object like it, same size, moving extremely close to it heading east.  Freaked me out because it seemed they were so close.  At the corner of my eye, I then notice what looked like a star moving to the north.  It moved north out of sight. I then follow the east moving object and see that it is moving to the star in east that changes colors.  At that time, I then noticed 3 other glowing objects around that star in the east.  The eastward moving object then seems to stop under these other objects and they all just hover there for a few minutes.  Then 2 object heads south and 1 heads southwest.  I went inside to get my telescope, although it is a piece of junk saw nothing with it.  The objects are still heading in the above direction.   It all creeped me out so I went inside.  Around 10 minutes later, being curious, I went back outside and in the east the star was still there (don’t know if it maybe it was Venus, but with all this other going on, I wonder) and there were still 3 objects hovering there and then 1 starts going east.  I go back inside and text a friend to look and then go back out possibly 10 minutes later and the sky is cloudy and I can’t see a thing.  Should have reported it to police.  My significant other saw this also. They had pulsating red lights that moved around in a circle.  There was also a blue light and a small white light on the side of them, but the one that moved north just looked like an ordinary star.  It appeared to go faster than the others.  My significant other said he thought they were going like 100 mph.   Maybe it was military I don’t know.  I’ve never seen anything like that before.;39.7645;-99.3371
