Bright light crosses sky, hovers, then shoots off into the sky, disappearing in 2-3 seconds.;2008-06-07 21:43:00;60-75 seconds;Bright light crosses sky, hovers, then shoots off into the sky, disappearing in 2-3 seconds. Time of sighting:  9:43pm Central  My daughter, two sisters-in-law, and I were walking down our driveway tonight as they were preparing to leave.  Because the stars are so bright, and because sometimes you can see a satellite, I always glance up at the sky when I am out at night.   What I saw tonight was the first time I have seen something I could not explain.  It was a large, bright, white light, flying from West to East in a somewhat wavy pattern. (Not a ruler-straight line)  There were no flashing lights to the side as you would see with an aircraft, nor was there ANY SOUND even though it was flying about the same height or a little lower as a small plane would fly. My sisters-in-law were getting into there car. I called out to have them look at the odd light too.  We watched it for about 45 seconds trying to figure out what we were observing, before one of my sister-in-laws ran inside to get my husband. My  daughter went in at that time also.  My other sister-in-law reached into her purse to get out her digital camera.  As she turned it on, and pointed it towards the sky, the light hesitated, and seemed to hover. Before she could focus and take a picture, it shot off directly towards the South/East, straight up, and disappeared within 3-4 seconds.  My husband made it outside to find me shaken up and nothing to see.  It was gone. I reported the incident to our local police, who directed me to the county police. They took a phone report, and offered to send a car out.  Since there was absolutely nothing for them to see, I didn’t think that was truly necessary. They called St. Louis Lambert airport, but was told they don’t track radar this far from the airport routinely.  I was directed to call our small, local airport tomorrow morning to see if anything was indicated on radar.  The sergeant I spoke to also mentioned it may have been a stealth fighter. I don't know if I buy that, because at the low altitude, it really seems like we would have heard or saw something besides the bright light. One more unusual occurrence was with our dog.  Anytime we are outside, he is right by us, trying to get us to pet him or play with him. Usually he is jumping up at us. During this time, he ran into our garage and was acting skittish, and trying to get inside our house.  Really strange behavior!  I have lived in this area basically my whole life, and have NEVER seen anything I couldn’t explain. I even have laughed at people who mentioned they’ve seen something odd.  Now, I’m not laughing anymore. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and we found her to be quite serious-minded.  She is going to attempt to find other witnesses in her area, and have them submit reports, as well.  PD));38.9805;-89.9763
