A huge saucer with a 2nd story on top was in the air ahead of us.  It was fully lit as if w/ONE light slowly floated/glided thru air w;1998-06-21 21:30:00;10 minutes;A huge saucer with a 2nd story on top was in the air ahead of us.  It was fully lit as if w/ONE light slowly floated/glided thru air went above us and on towards the sw direction.  4 minutes later coming from the same direction as the saucer, a diamond shaped object w/a blinking rotating blue then white and possibly red light (dimly) outlined the bottom of the object.  Both objects were SILENT 2nd on travelled slightly faster and way above altitude of saucer. Fathers Day (June 21, 1998) in Millbrae on Highway 101 heading nbound in my car my daughter pointed out a strange object at this point it looked like a distant planet  it was twilite and as we drove on the object was too large to be a star but was very high in the sky.  We forgot about it for a few minutes as we headed to 380 to connect to highway 280 there was a huge saucer lit up solid whitish color flat but w/some type of 2nd story it was low enough to feel in awe of it it was definitely a flying saucer as real as it gets.  We pulled over into the Tan Foran Shopping Center parking lot instead of connecting onto 280.  It still was not completely dark although it was if you looked toward the south it was so well lit it kind of hovered and floated it went right over our heads and to the southeast.  Approximately 4 minutes later (we were still standing there in shock) from the northwest another object only this seemed to be more of a diamond or rectangle shape) followed although it was much higher in the sky and had blue and white (and possibly red) lights that outlined the bottom of the object first you would see a dim blue blink then next to that one a dim white blink next to that one a dim blue blink so on probably two per second approximately it followed exact same direction as saucer.  My 8 year old daughter and 6 year old son saw it with me.  Neither of these objects made any noise.  The SFO airport is located to the south of san bruno and at this time there were no planes in the air nor in the surrounding areas.  My background I am 31 years old employed in an optometrist's office, have 4 children and have always been fascinated by UFO's I have seen 2 other strange objects that I can recall in the past ten years I know I had a couple of other times before that that I had seen strange objects in the sky however, I cannot remember know what it was.  I have had 3 dreams of events as they happened including one terrifying one when my greatgrandmother died in 1981 six months later I be! gan having what I call my synergy dreams - electrocuted and pulled out of my body with all kinds of horrific things happening recurring to this day.  Odd that about 4 weeks ago I went to the library and began reading about UFO's.  I do not know what triggered the recent increase in my interest I do find it strange, however, that I should see such dramatic examples of UFO's that even I found too close for comfort but it was extremely fascinating.  I do not know if anyone else saw this the local news did not report a thing  I find it hard to believe that no one saw these objects, and if I had been alone I would doubt myself by now however, my children saw it too and I cannot doubt all three of us so I stand by what we saw, no matter how odd it may be.;37.6261;-122.4304
