A bright red and white glowing fireball in the sky.;2009-11-08 19:10:00;2 minutes;A bright red and white glowing fireball in the sky. It was already pretty dark outside when I left my house to go walk my dog. As I walked down my street, and turned the corner of my block I noticed a mostly red and white glowing object in the sky moving away from me. I am near the San Francisco airport, so I am used to the planes flying overhead all the time, but this was not a plane, I was sure if it.  It glowed, but did not flash, and had no other colors present like the aircrafts I see with the red, white, and blue lights which are always present. I stopped in my tracks, and just focused on the object which was slowly moving away from me. I tried to see if this was a plane, but seen no wings, or flashes, just the bright glow of the red and white light which looked like a mini fireball in the sky.  About a minute and a half passed as it moved farther and farther away from me, then all of a sudden like a switch, the light turned off. I can still see the object moving, but no visual light was seen.  Just a spot! at this point till it got so far away I could no longer see it anymore.;37.6261;-122.4304
Bright red light seen in the skies of San Bruno, CA maneuvering slowly towards the west.;2009-11-25 23:00:00;15+;Bright red light seen in the skies of San Bruno, CA maneuvering slowly towards the west. There was a red light which seemed to be moving slowly west, away from our location.  It stopped momentarily, changed directions as if it was going to turn and make a circle, stopped again, and then move a little more west.  It did this two or three times then came to stop for approximately 5 minutes.  Then began to move west again very slowly and steadily towards the coast until it disappeared out of sight over the San Bruno Hills.  The distance of the object was unknown.  We were located on El Camino Real at the Tanforan shopping center it was a little before 2300 when we noticed it.;37.6261;-122.4304
