We were watching tv,I notice a light I tought it was a reflection from a light in the kitchen we dont have drapes on the side that face;2001-01-11 01:00:00;20minutes;We were watching tv,I notice a light I tought it was a reflection from a light in the kitchen we dont have drapes on the side that faces the lake .the light did not move at all I made a mental note to shut the lights of when a commerical came on. but started talking and did not get up.after a while  I ask my husband what was on in the kitchen because the place he was sitting he would be able to see.I was hoping he would be nice and shut it off so I would not have to.he said nothing on. I got up to see what it was .and I called him over the light was real close and bright, and no noise what so ever it just sat there it had been observing us for some reason.what a scary tought. a short time later we heard 2 fighter jets from the left of us we were standing just under it at this point were not sure how it got that close but then a rocket type thing under it made fire roll like rockets do . .it was circle shape too we could feel the heat on our faces and in a slit second it was gone.;44.283;-89.8861
A very close big bright star that hung at 45 degree angle in the sky;2004-07-20 19:00:00;5 min.;A very close big bright star that hung at 45 degree angle in the sky I feel crazy writing this because it happened a long time ago, when my friend and I were fishing the Wisconsin River, having a good time catching fish, when all of a sudden something catches my eye and I pointed it out to my friend Adam and he also thought it looked strange, only because it was this bright sphere like object that did not move. It was very bright like a star in the sky but close and very visable.  And it made me want to look at for some reason I just had this feeling like it was kind of watching me. I then said to ((name deleted--friend)), I feel like its watching us man. He laughed and said oh no its a ufo, being sarcastic. And as I watched it it dimmed out very slowly and it was gone. But, what reminded me of this was that one report in Wisconsin Rapids, that was also reported like what I had witnessed around the sameday in Nekoosa and I've always had this event in my head ever since. To this day I can't explain what it was.;44.283;-89.8861
