a giant triangular rectangle thing with blue red and green lights that hovered above our house and then went down into the woods;2005-11-01 17:30:00;15 seconds;a giant triangular rectangle thing with blue red and green lights that hovered above our house and then went down into the woods It had jagged edges and the lights were red, blue, and green. It kind of hovered going down on a slant and then turned around and started going down into the woods.  My brother friends and I ran inside and got my Mom to show her.  When she came out the lights were going down into the woods and you can see the lights through the trees and then vanished but she didn't see them.  The ship was black and shaped like a triangle rectangular thing.  The people it saw them was 4 boys one was 8 and three of them was 10. ((NUFORC Note:  We will invite the mother to submit a report, as well, in order to supplement this report.  PD));42.9827;-70.9472
Highly reflective obect seen above the tree tops while traveling west on Rt 101.;2012-07-25 17:58:00;5 Seconds;Highly reflective obect seen above the tree tops while traveling west on Rt 101. Using Google street view, the object was about 35 degrees above the horizon, roughly the size of a dime and had about a 5 degree upward tilt with what I have deemed the front facing north. While traveling west on Rt 101, between exits 9 and 8, I saw a highly reflective object above the tree tops adjacent to exit 8 (about 1.5 miles left or south of exit), about 200 feet up and completely stationary.  Total viewing was about 5 seconds before I lost it behind the trees. It caught my attention due to how reflective it was.  It looked like a very stiff, very reflective polished piece of sheet metal just sitting in the sky.  Kite or Wasp Drone esque in shape, a triangle with half a rectangle stuck to the end leaving a third of the ‘wing’ overhanging.  I did not see anything tethering it to the ground and there was a plane in the Rochester area heading south and looked like gaining altitude. A DHL van was about 4 car lengths in back of me, I did not see him looking in the same direction, so no confirmation there.  I pulled into the Walmart off exit 7 and scanned the sky for a few minutes.  I didn’t see anything. I see there is a UFO fest coming to Exeter NH, maybe part of a marketing campaign?  I drove the route east this morning and did not see anything. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he sounded to us to be quite serious-minded.  We suspect that he is a quite reliable witness.  PD));42.9827;-70.9472
