Huge cigar shaped, right above the trees, port holes and very bright light that had a peace affect.;1992-02-14 01:30:00;20 mins;Huge cigar shaped, right above the trees, port holes and very bright light that had a peace affect. About 1:30 AM I got off the couch to heat a cup of coffee in the micro wave, I was watching Green Barrets a John Wayne movie.  While at the microwave a very bright light (hard to describe) shined in the apt.  At first I thought it was a 4x4'er with every thing he had on high beam? But I heard no truck or any noise at all, I had my back to the window but the whole apt. lite up very bright? A very strange penertating bright white light. The apt. lit eup maybe 10-15 seconds then it went off.  About 10 mins. later my mother ran in and yells come out here, you have to see this.  In the fright and excitement I didn't hear you have to see this and all I heard was come out here. I thought something had happened to dad? I ran out front and saw my dad just standing next to his car, door still open and just looking up. I watched him wondering then mom said don't you see it?  I looked around and there was a huge CIGAR shaped object just siting there above the tree line.  Not moving, in town, large cigar shaped object close enough to hit with a rock.  It disapeared, then reapeared on and off?  It was grey in color, it had port holes along the side kind of like egg shaped but you couldn't see in.  You got a very strong feeling that they were watching us.  Two other adults ran out as well over the noise that was made when mom first came in, everyone was quiet, speechless, just watching.  It tilted, it looked like sparks fell from the back (which is back?)It was visible then it would not be visible, this went on probably 10 mins. or so, just staring in awe and speechless.  Then it started to move, slowly toward the main st and toward Mazzio's Pizza across the street.  It tilted again, went invisible again, lit up and POOF it wss gone in a SE direction, so fast it just vanished when it left, or took off, no sounds or noise? Hard to believe, it was right out side just siting there and I didn't even know it.  The next day the front page of the Shawnee News Star stated...5,000 phone calls to Shawnee Police Dept. as Russian Space craft re-enters...  Right..!  That was no Russian Space Craft...period..!  How ever the rest of the news the next day was as well Cigar shape craft spoted over FL by hundereds of witness... The same reports that happened to us in Okla.  The light that came on also shined on my parents when they stoped the car and got out to check the craft out.  It shined on them as I was at the microwave and that's what I witnessed.  It changed both of them, they acted different and it had a peace affect on both of them.  They wanted to see another one, it changed them, they went looking for it and they wanted to go?  Dad said later..if that was a RUSSIAN SPACE CRAFT, I HAVE BEEN BLESSED.  With all of that, no one even thought of getting a camera.  That was not on any ones mind at the time. Now I know why. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));35.3498865671642;-96.9435776119404
