Large, low-flying craft, south of Shawnee, OK.;2012-04-15 14:15:00;5 seconds;Large, low-flying craft, south of Shawnee, OK. A few years ago, my wife and I were traveling north between Tecumseh, OK, and Shawnee, OK.  It was the middle of the day, 1 or 2 pm, and the sun was behind us.  It was bright and clear, with a few big low clouds.  We had the sun reflect off an object in the sky and glinted us in the eye, like a chrome bumper, or a car window on a sunny day.  It got our attention and we both looked up and saw a strange craft coming out in between a couple of clouds.  My wife said “what the heck is that?”  I just said WOW.  It was only a couple of hundred feet up, if that.  And maybe 100 to 200 feet in front of us.  First thought it was an airplane, but it looked like a big, long rectangular ship, with a little beak on the front.  It was headed up in a steep climb.  It glided between the clouds, with the leading edge disappearing into another cloud, with the rear of the vessel still in the first cloud.  It took a few second for the body of the ship to pass between the clouds before the trailing edge came out.  I sat watching to see an airplane wing or tail come out as it passed, but the trailing edge was identical to the leading edge, totally vertical with just a small angle on the lower part of the rectangle.  I saw like a shadow under the craft that looked like an upside down dinner plate.  The angles hanging down seemed to form a saucer shape on the bottom of the big rectangle.  From our viewpoint, I surmise, it was round, with a smaller saucer shape on the bottom.   We were looking straight at it and maybe a little angle from the bottom, as I faintly saw the shadow of the front and far side underneath..  It seemed to be perfectly straight across at the top and bottom.  We could not see what was on the top and bottom, but it appeared flat across from our viewpoint on the ground.  Looked like a bare metal container in the sky, no lights or windows or markings, and it looked all perfectly square and even.  I seem to remember it was made up of big panels.  The thing from the ground and passing through clouds and all seemed to me like to 15 or 20 or so feet high, and over one hundred feet long.  It amazed me the front and rear were so perfectly squared up, and had a little overhang right near the bottom, which I am guessing was the saucer shape.   It moved quickly and quietly and was gone in 5 seconds.   I did not look around or try to see other drivers.  We were both shook up by it and didn’t think to stop.  It looked like an Amtrak passenger car flying through the clouds.  Or a big ship.  Bigger than a 737.  I lived near Detroit Metro Airport in the landing path and delivered mail in Wayne, Mi, just a mile or two from the airport in the glide path.  We saw all types of planes down low inbound and outbound and are familiar with most aircraft.  This was nothing like a plane, and like I say it looked like only a couple of hundred feet away from us, as compared with what I saw landing and taking off in the past. I was kind of surprised almost let down that it was boxy.  I always laughed and said my Honda hybrid looks like a space ship. but this thing looked more like a boxcar than a sleek spaceship.  But like I say it was probably circular just looking at it straight on it was hard to tell. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date above is approximate.  PD);35.3498865671642;-96.9435776119404
