Frankly, it mortified me, because the noise seemed to come alive by means of a tingling light that passed through me, front to back.;2006-09-01 07:00:00;unknown;Frankly, it mortified me, because the noise seemed to come alive by means of a tingling light that passed through me, front to back. I woke up to the sound of my mom leaving the house I rolled over and went back to sleep.  That's when they entered my dream and proceeded to use it to connect with me telepathically.  The first thing I experienced was seeing one of these aliens (I had been guided telepathically by another one of his kind before this on a pretty regular basis).  I can't really pinpoint what triggers my encounters, but they always help me to do what I need to do to help them.  At first, I thought that I was just dreaming, until I was overcome with an intense feeling of this dream no longer being my own it was my guide watching me from DIRECTLY above me, taking control of my dream, telepathically telling me that this was, beyond ANY doubt, NOT a dream!  This alarmed me, but it didn't terrify me.  I remember seeing other people, just shadows now as I try to recall their appearances, on this elevator that they had produced for me to see, it being a means of transporting me from my room to their ship.  I knew they were doing this I was aware of it. But they put me in the frame of mind I needed in order for me to do my job by scaring me for the reason of my becoming submissive as a result of my fear.  Only when I was submissive (apparently (They know this about me!)) would I be able to comply with their requests in order for me to fulfill my duties.  They scared me by means of hearing the engine of the ship gearing up to leave.  Frankly, it mortified me, because the noise seemed to come alive by means of a tingling light that penetrated not only the elevator, but also passed through me front to back.  The tighter I shut my eyes, the more details of my surroundings I could see because the light that this noise produced got so bright that had my eyes been opened, I would have been blinded by the brightness.  With my eyes closed, it was easier to see details of my surroundings!  But then they comforted me milliseconds before I woke up.  When I did wake up, my guide stepped back until he regained his telepathic link to me.  I was then magnetically drawn into the ship by the ship where I then proceeded to tend to my first order of business, which was to try on different visualizations of different types of hands, faces, arms, legs, and feet for the purpose of deciding what would look most human, but more importantly, what would be most practical for their purpose. I then entered a hospital-like area.  The whole level was a hospital. I somehow knew that this ship had multiple levels.  During this visit, I was only needed on this level.  My guide told me to go get something from one of the receptionists. I walked past the receptionists, surveyed the patients, saw some scary looking tubes and bags containing hybrid blood.  These bags were apparently organic in nature because they seemed to be alive, protecting, enhancing, and providing nutrients to the hybrid blood.  These tubes were true red, because upon going to work later that day, (I work at a fast food place,), I remember surveying the floor to see where it was dirty, seeing the red tape covering pipes leading to the soda machine, and becoming extremely and noticeably uneasy upon seeing this red tape. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));35.3498865671642;-96.9435776119404
