Bright golden light in the eastern night sky over Wilmington, CA;2003-08-01 01:15:00;30-45 seconds;Bright golden light in the eastern night sky over Wilmington, CA This sighting came the next night after my previous report. My old dog who has a weak bladder woke me up and wanted to go out side to urinate. I went outside in the back yard with the dog. I looked into the eastern sky and saw the same golden light I had seen the night before in the southeast. It seemed to go up or come toward me. I then went into my house to get my glasses as I am slightly nearsighted. I wanted to see if I could get rid of the flare/twinkle of the light and perhaps get a better look. The object was still there (and still twinkled with my glasses on, but to a lesser extent) and then moved up and to the left in the sky. Then it dimmed out as if a gas or jet burner had went out. It was about 2 or so times the brightest object in the sky, which was Mars. I had not planned to report this again until an experience tonight. I walked to the Post Office to drop a letter off. A man was in an empty parking lot with a Meade Telescope. He was charging $2.00 to look at the moon. I paid him and had a look at the cratered moon. I then asked him if he had ever saw anything unusual like a ufo. He said that he never had. But a man who was standing there and had looked before me, said that he had. He then confirmed what I had saw in the night sky over Wilmington. That is what prompted me to write again. Also I am wondering at the odds of me waking up in the middle of the night by my dog on 2 straight nights, and seeing these lights which quickly disapeared? I have looked every night since when I go out with the dog, but have seen nothing. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the bright light in the southeast sky may have been the planet, Mars, but Mars should not move suddenly.  That part of the sighting may have been a perceptual issue.  PD));33.781;-118.262199999999
red ufo seen  above the northern sky/horizon over Wilmington, Ca;2003-08-07 00:27:00;4 minutes;red ufo seen  above the northern sky/horizon over Wilmington, Ca Went into the back yard with my dog. Sat in a chair and relaxed, looking into the night sky. High cirus clouds came across the eastern sky, which part of, and I know this sounds totally crazy and may be just my imagination, formed a face, which was a cross betwwen the feline face found on Mars and the face as seen on the shroud of Turin. The clouds slowly disapated and I closed my eyes for a minute and relaxed. Then I opened my eyes and looked to the north and saw a red glowing object halfway between the horizon and top of the night sky. I had my glasses on. There was no twinkle, just a changing light pattern which was due to the rotation of the object. I stared at it for a minute and then ran into the house to check the time. I came back into the yard and it was still there. It didn't move, then it moved a little bit to the left, then went dim. The whole shiting must have lasted 4 minutes.;33.781;-118.262199999999
