Daytime Pennant Shaped Object near Philadelphia;2012-10-06 13:00:00;10 minutes;Daytime Pennant Shaped Object near Philadelphia About 40 miles northwest of Philadelphia, I (a skeptic but blown away by this occasion) was a passenger in a car driving on a high open road.  The sky was bright blue with a few wispy clouds. While talking casually with the driver, I noticed something very high up in the sky, and probably 30-40 miles away (but extremely large if it was that far away).  I immediately told the driver to look, but as he did, the road we were on dipped and the object disappeared beyond trees. It was pennant shaped (almost like a triangle, but with very acute, elongated sides)  Very large, and it appeared to almost be the same color of the sky/clouds, however, I could tell it was an actual object because even from the distance I could make out the solid sides to it.  It was as if it was sitting in the wispy clouds.  It had no lights, but did seem to blend into the sky, however, it had solid sides and was extremely large from my view point. It was almost as if it created a shadow in the sky around it. It did not move, but looked like it was stationary and just sitting there, not necessarily hovering.   As we kept driving, I was able to pick up on it again, but very slightly, since now we were on a very low road and could barely make it out behind trees. We went to eat, and took the same way home about an hour later, but it was gone by the time we got back to the original spot I first saw it. Looked online and in the news and was shocked no one else mentioned! it. Was going to try to videotape it but only had my cell phone and did not think it would capture it well. Way too high to be a balloon. (a hot air balloon business is near me and we see them all the time. This object was at a height that I’ve only seen planes at, and it was way too big to be any type of plane. Looking desperately online now trying to find any similar pictures or video that match what I saw.;40.1755;-75.5721
