huge orange circular fireball in Quebec;1972-07-01 18:00:00;a few minutes;huge orange circular fireball in Quebec I've seen these fireballs twice in my life. I lived in the countryside back then in Les Escoumins, a small village in the province of Quebec in Canada.  The first  time i was about 5 years old . I am now 38 years old. The second time it was about 2 or 3 years after that .  The first time we were several people who saw it. We called neighbours and they saw it as well. It was a huge round orange fireball crossing the horizon line.  The sun was on the west side and that fireball was going towards Maine ( so it was going from north to south when looking into the west direction).  We all saw it for a few minutes untill it desapeared ( some peole said it plunged into the st Laurent river so if it did, it changed it's directory to go down). Some other people said that an army aircraft tried to chase it but i haven't seen any aircraft at that time.  It must have been at least 5 times bigger than the sun.  It was just amazing an no one ever knew what it was. It left no trace of smoke on it's path.  The second time, i was back home after going to see a car accident that happened up the street from where i lived ( there must be a report somewhere at the police station about that accident if i ever want to know the exact date of ny sighting).  At that time , it was peach dark and there was no light post around.  I saw the exact same fireball on my way back home.  This time i was in the north direction and the firewall was heading West.  Same fireball, same speed, same everything but it was much furter.  I've seen shooting stars many many times before and after the events and i can tell that it was not one. The movement was constant. Both times, they were not going in an angle but on a straight horizontal line.  No noise, no crashing ( that i saw) , no reports in the medias.  What strikes me the most is when many years later i saw the movie about the Allagash Abductions.  The fireball looked a lot like the object in the movie. Was it the same object? I don't know. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));48.3468;-69.4129
