Sighting of 5 objects in a PENTAGON formation near Fairbanks, Alaska around 1969;1969-11-01 19:30:00;4 minutes;Sighting of 5 objects in a PENTAGON formation near Fairbanks,  Alaska, around 1969 When this sighting occured, I was employed by the National Weather Service, as an Electronics Technician.   I was out alone snowmobiling, at about 7:30 at nite, when I stopped to view some faint Northern Lights, when I was South of Fairbanks, Alaska, about 2 miles, clear sky.  I noticed  an unusual star formation of 5 shiny objects, in a perfect Pentagon pattern.  That is what caught my eyes, as there were a tremendous number of stars visible, due to the very Clear Arctic sky.   After some 2 minutes or so, I saw them all converge, at the same time, into the center of the Pentagon, at an upward angle, leaving a shiny trail behind each one, like a flash.  After several seconds, after they formed what appeared to be a single object, the single now larger object left up an upward angle into space, at an amazing speed. leaving what appeared to be a streak of light, until the object got smaller, and smaller, then eventually disappeared in some 5 seconds or so!   Amazing!   The objects appeared to be silvery shiny, and very small, for altitude,  I would guess some 15 to 30 miles!   I wish I had a digital camera!   How the objects went from a Pentagon formation, into one object was amazing, all moved at the same time, and converged at the same point, all together, then after a few seconds, the now larger silvery object, traveled out into space at about a 80 degree angle, very fast, leaving just one solid streak of light as it accelerated away. I have done a lot of work on Weather Balloon systems, Radiosonde Tracking Systems, called WBRT's, for many years, and have tracked these many times as part of my job.  I have also seen several visible rocket launches on experiments by the Univ. Of Alaska, ESSA, etc., in tracking Aurora Borealis, Northern Lights.  I had a good background of electronics, radio, and radars, etc., and Weather Observations. I have talked to Eskimos in the Arctic, at Point Barrow, Nome, Kotzebue, and Barter Island, of some of their sightings over the Arctic Ocean.  This was the first, and only time, I have ever seen anything so unusual, that I could not identify.  I have worked extensively with certified Weather Observers at many airports, and very familiar with Weather Observations, etc. Now, I am retired from NOAA NWS, having worked on their new WSR-88D NEXRAD Doppler Radars, with their towers, having Fiberglass Panels, in the shape of a Pentagon!  This has always been a reminder to me, of that nite in Fairbanks, back around 1969.   I wonder if anyone else has seen a formation like this, in the shape of a Pentagon?? ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));64.8565375;-147.759673076923
formation of brilliant amber-orange lights completely silent over Fairbanks, AK;1998-12-15 20:00:00;5 minutes;Formation of brilliant amber-orange lights completely silent over Fairbanks, AK After all these years I’ve finally worked up the motivation to submit this report.  This happened during the winter of 1998-99, but after 10 years I can’t remember the month or time of evening.  I remember the experience vividly, though. I was walking across an agricultural experiment field at the University of Alaska/Fairbanks, sometime in the evening (could have been anywhere between 18:00 and midnight).  It was overcast, with a cloud deck of somewhere between 300 and 600 meters.   When I reached the middle of the snow-covered field, which was roughly 1 km by 1 km, I could see a formation of lights to my SE headed in my direction.  Because Fort Wainwright and Eielson AFB are to the SE, I assumed it was a formation of fighters, bombers or helicopters.   The lights were in a delta formation, with one in the middle and 3 on each side, for a total of 7, and were a brilliant amber-orange.  They were moving at a low rate of speed, 100 km/h at most, and were flying underneath the cloud deck.  I watched as they passed directly over me.  I could make out no wings, tails or propellers.  The lights were brilliant as a welding torch would be, but they did not flicker.  The objects were completely silent not even a whisper whereas I could hear a raven’s wings flap out in that field.   As these 7 lights in formation continued off to the NW, an 8th one brought up the tail at the same speed about 1 km behind.  All of the lights were moving as if fixed, but the clouds were clearly visible between them.   I am confident these were not airplanes or helicopters. ((NUFORC Note:  We have assigned an arbitrary date and time, and have asked the witness to try to reconstruct/remember the exact date.  PD));64.8565375;-147.759673076923
