A large phlorescent green oval shaped object moving at a strange speed desending on the horizon ended in a large flash;1998-01-08 22:38:00;3 Secs;A large phlorescent green oval shaped object moving at a strange speed desending on the horizon ended in a large flash A large bright floresent green ( oval in shape )object suddenly appeared in a totally clear sky at 22:38 on 1/8/98.  This object was traversing from a Northerly direction and heading in a Southerly direction.  Lasting only a few seconds and terminating in Flash wished appeared to be an explosion.  It did not appear to be traveling fast enough to be a comet or a meteor. Nor was there any trail following it.;64.8565375;-147.759673076923
Rolling oval, tumbling through the sky. Every rotation, half of the object appeared to be extremely shiny and reflecting sun light. No ;2000-04-02 18:00:00;30 secs;Rolling oval, tumbling through the sky. Every rotation, half of the object appeared to be extremely shiny and reflecting sun light. No noise, completely silent. My neighbor and I were standing in the driveway of my home in the Alaskan wilderness. We were looking a the sky, Northwest out over the Minto Flats. The oval object appeared to be at about 1000 feet off the ground. It was traveling from North to South then changed course to the Southwest. It was tumbling over itself, making a shiny area reflect the afternoon sun. The object moved silently through the sky and disappeared behind the trees. A small plane flew by about 10 minutes after this objects appearance at the same altitude. Just guessing about the size. It must have been as large a commercial airliner. We live 50 miles southwest of the flight path of the airport in Fairbanks and observe many planes daily. I have never seen anything like this before.;64.8565375;-147.759673076923
Very Distant odd luminous light hangs in the Night sky for a number of hours moving slowly,Fades n disappears.  ((NUFORC:  Star?? PD));2004-09-12 03:00:00;3 hours;Very Distant odd luminous light hangs in the Night sky for a number of hours moving slowly,Fades n disappears. I was in the passenger seat of my Girlfriends car driving to a convenience store for some late night/early morning grocery shopping. We were heading north on College Rd. when an intensely bright light appeared in the sky. The light seemed very distant, but it radiated a strong diamond like glow. I must reiterate that it seemed very distant and at first glance appeared to be a planet shining very brightly. It stayed in the same place for the next five minutes as we continued north on college Rd. We decided to stop and observe the object because of the luminosity it possessed. A radar tower blinked red directly below the object, only the tower was closer to where we were parked and the object was at a very high altitude and many miles away. I mention the tower because i was able to notice that the bright object was slowing moving to the west to the left of the tower, my friend and I could see the object no longer was inline with the top of the tower. We watched for the next hour noticing faint variation in light and brightness as well as slow movement. After another hour the light got faint as if it were moving away from out spot, it got brighter for a short time moved about erratically then begin to get smaller and smaller until it faded altogether. The following half hour my friend and I observed two more occurences of the light appearing very dimly a good ways above the surrounding hills then disappearing from sight. I was completely blown away by this because the light emitted a glow that looked more akin to a flash light shined through a fancy diamond, rather then the light a star produces. I was also in aww at the fact that it stayed relatively in the same place for a number of hours then began to move and eventually got smaller and smaller until it faded completely. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witnesses may have observed a celestial body, perhaps a twinkling star.  There is a very bright, very chromatic star in the northeastern sky currently, which may have been the cause of the sighting.  PD));64.8565375;-147.759673076923
Bright light high above my town, very peculiar looking when viewed through a telescope.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus??  PD));2009-01-24 18:00:00;a little more than a week;Bright light high above my town, very peculiar looking when viewed through a telescope. A bright light above Fairbanks, Alaska - I have sighted it off and on for over a week, and finally today had friends witness it. We dug out an old telescope and sighted in - the results were a little more than startling - great black bands across the silvery surface look like an aerial view of a highway system. There is one great black circle, with two small black circles forming a connect the dots triangle. The object itself tends to stay in one spot, and moves very quickly for a short distance, and stops again. It tends to dim for a short time, and then become very bright. Sometimes it blinks very slightly, but not like the twinkle of a star. Did observe a very dim shooting star fly from its far right above, to right below it. Have contacted the observatory, but they have not been any help - they gave me the verbal equivalent of a shrug. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus??  PD));64.8565375;-147.759673076923
2 oval shaped bright reddish with yellow to white leading light fire balls in sky over fairbanks.;2012-12-25 16:30:00;2 minutes;2 oval shaped bright reddish with yellow to white leading light fire balls in sky over fairbanks I was standing in my kitchen, It was around 4:30/5:00pm late afternoon / early evening in fairbanks, Alaska, Somewhere over the Chena Ridge area headed towards Parks Ridge.  The moon was almost full but not high in the sky yet,  The sky was getting dark however it was also getting lighter because of the rising moon.  I was standing at my kitchen window when something very bright caught my eye, I knew right away this was something very different than what I was use to seeing out my kitchen window and if one was not enough then came another one shortly behind it .  I put down what I was doing and ran outside , I did not turn on any outside lights and my yard is very open and quiet with no street or any other kinds of lights for miles around. What I was looking at was two fire like balls almost an oval shape. about 3/4 of the object around was bright fire red and the leading side had yellowish to white light.  They were moving from the town area over Chena Ridge t! o the Parks Highway area, not to fast and not to slow in a slightly curved direction this only lasted about 2 min start to finish and they were gone when I went outside there was no noise they were very silent or in stealth mode;64.8565375;-147.759673076923
