A Cluster of Fixed White Lights Hovering Over Fairbanks Alaska is Seen From Wal~Mart.;2004-12-20 20:00:00;About 15-30 Minutes;A Cluster of Fixed White Lights Hovering Over Fairbanks Alaska is Seen From Wal~Mart. Memory is fuzzy.  However, I think it was about 5 - 8 PM after work, sometime between December 2004 to January 2005.   I had just finished work at Wal~Mart and myself and another coworker were warming up our vehicles getting them ready to leave for home.  We both noticed a cluster of white balls of light in the sky to the South of us.  We conversed a little bit about it and concluded that it must have been an Airplane coming in to the Airport.   Our location is at the East end of Airport Way.  The Airport runway is at the West end of Airport Way.  We assumed that it was an Airplane preparing to land coming in from the East.  It was moving slowly.  The Lights seemed Fixed.  In other words, if a person were to measure the distances between the lights during the 15 - 30 minute period I observed the phenomenon they would have stayed at a constant in relation to each other.  So the cluster of lights seemed to be from one solid structure.  There was no noise.   It was a crystal clear night with temperatures well below freezing.   After we determined it was an Airplane I got in my car and drove home.  My home was to the south so I was able to watch it as I drove home.  At the time I arrived at my appartment I went inside and then went out onto the balkcony.  The object was still there and had not moved as fast as I would believe an airplane would coming into the Airport.  I began to realise that it was not an airplane.  It was just moving to slow for it to keep itself up.   I watched it for a short period of time and further concluded that it was something conventional that I was not used to.  Having some understanding of Government, Military, and Area 51 Research I thought it was of no concern of mine and that even if it was a UFO it would only be another video tape of Balls of light against a Night Sky.   I did notice that it seemed to be larger than a Conventionsl Airline Aircraft.  However, there were too many variables to make any opinion of what it was.  But there was definitely something there, whether it be conventional or non conventional air or  space craft. Later my coworker agreed that he thought it was a UFO and not an Air Craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));64.8565375;-147.759673076923
White oblong object moving fast through clear sky and fades into the blue.;2008-07-03 16:40:00;2 minutes;White oblong object moving fast through clear sky and fades into the blue. It was partly cloudy around the horizon. Clear blue sky above. I saw a white or maybe somewhat reflective object in the sky above. At first it looked like an airplane but I noticed how fast it seemed to move. Almost a strange movement, not quite linear. As l looked, time passed and perspective changed it seemed almost as if it were falling. I couldn't exactly say it was falling, but it gave the appearance of a falling object because of the speed it was moving at or the path it was traveling, however the perspective distance that my eye could report told me that it was in fact moving away from the ground at least in an overall direction. There were two dogs that were wandering over towards me and their owner was calling for them. I was distracted for a couple of seconds. When I tried to spot the object again I had lost it. I kept looking and sighted it again in a few seconds. The object was further away, heading NE. It almost seemed to float. While I was questioning what it was I thought of a bird, a seagull hovering in the convective wind high above. That is the first thing I could relate it to because of the nature of it's movement. After gauging it's path through the sky I realized that did not make sense. I was tracking it and it was too far away to be a bird or a floating cotton seed. My eyes focused more on the object and still could not make out an exact shape. I would say it might have been oblong. I don't want to describe it more than that because I just can't say for sure. My eyes are good with contacts in. I can see far with them. I kept tracking this object until it fades away. I know for sure my eyes were focused on this object. I can tell it gained in distance from the ground or my point on the earth. I knew this by watching it's visible light reflection dim by the volumetric blue atmosphere. That is what tells me how high this was. Volumetric atmosphere. Like judging distance in the fog. I am not saying what this was with any certainty. What I will say with absolute certain! ty, sani ty, focus and highly preceptive judgement is that this was moving fast and seemed to leave the atmosphere.  It's that simple. I was at work walking through the parking lot to go back inside. It was only about 2 minutes of observation. A co worker asked what I was looking at (after I was distracted by the loose dogs). I pointed but he could not spot it. It would have been hard to spot because of it's distance and color. For whatever it's worth I am sure it wasn't a balloon, bird, cotton seed, or anything ordinary like that. I am confident in my mind and perception. Weather ballon? Who knows, it always seems probable. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));64.8565375;-147.759673076923
the light was very bright and had a very large vapor trail;2008-12-29 15:00:00;seconds;the light was very bright and had a very large vapor trail I was driving from Fairbanks to Eielson AFB about 28 miles south of Fairbanks at approximately 2:30 -3:00 PM and I noticed a flash of light in the southwest sky.  the light resembled a flare shot from a flare gun but the flare was on a downward projectory with a vapor trail.  There was no indication of an upward projectory and the whole incident was much larger than a flare incident.  after the light burnt out, the vapor trail was still very  much obvious.  this also indicated to me that the object was much bigger than a flare from a flare gun.  this display took place in what I thought might be an Army training area near Delta Junction which is also south of Fairbanks. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));64.8565375;-147.759673076923
UFO's sighted Fairbanks/Murphy Dome Feb.11, 2011 8:00am;2011-02-11 08:00:00;20 min;UFO's sighted Fairbanks/Murphy Dome Feb.11,2011 8:00am Feb.11,2011 8:00am  This is my 2nd sighting at Murphy Dome Fairbanks, Alaska.  I woke up and looked out my window and about 7 or 8 lights were in formation hovering horizontally above and around Murphy dome radar tracking station.  Got out the Binoc's and viewed.  I could see 2 lights on the fronts.  No noise at all.  Looked like stars with hint of pinkish orange.  Lights would fade in and out! Conditions are cloudy and overcast.  They would break formation and fly down in the valley behind Ester and back up to Murphy Dome, then back to the valley floor and then lights went out and disappeared.  This went on for about 20 minutes.  Could be our military but not sure.  So, once again here is my post.   Did anyone else see this?   Very impressive I have to say I did see a blinking white strobe light of a plane.  It seemed to be heading south and kept on going looked as though it was observing this as well. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to provide no contact information.  PD));64.8565375;-147.759673076923
Metallic sounds and bright flash of light - Seen from indoors with blinds shut;2012-09-03 21:57:00;2 minutes;Metallic sounds and bright flash of light - Seen from indoors with blinds shut We (2 people) were inside and heard loud metallic grinding sounds.  The sounds died down and we saw a bright flash of yellow light illuminate every window in the house for just a moment.  Maybe about 20-30 seconds later we heard a huge crashing sound that sounded like twisting metal.   I called someone I know about 8 miles from me and they didn't see anything strange.  Nothing on the news about crashed planes or anything.  Very strange!   The weather during this event was overcast & foggy with light rain.  No lightning or anything related with these rains.  No power outages or fluctuations occurred.  This flashing in the sky also happened to me in September 2011 and it lit up the entire sky for just a quick moment and then disappeared. The time was about the same also, which is strange.  When it happened in 2011 the sky was clear though.;64.8565375;-147.759673076923
Brights orange lights flashing, and disappeared out of sky instantly;2013-12-10 23:15:00;7-14 seconds;Brights orange lights flashing, and disappeared out of sky instantly. Saw bright orange lights from above, illuminating the surrounding area.  It was evident the lights were coming from above, as there was outward light dispersment from what appeared to be the center of the light source.   As we attempted to exit the vehicle to see what was upon us the lights instantly disappeared.  It was shocking because there's was surely nothing or no one around on ground level, and the way the lights disappeared was very confusing because it was nothing nor could've been human-aircraft in my opinion, because it was like it had to have warped away or something of that travel capability.;64.8565375;-147.759673076923
Flat platform with intense white, red and blue lights silently hovering only thirty feet or so above a residential area in town.;2014-11-20 22:00:00;30 seconds;Flat platform with intense white, red and blue lights silently hovering only thirty feet or so above a residential area in town. Driving with a friend on the Steese Highway in town between third street and 10th Ave, we saw a very brightly lit craft hovering only about thirty feet or so above the residential area by the VFW. It caught my eye because the lights were so intense and it was just hovering there almost motionless, but not. At first I thought it was a new street light, but then it moved slightly and the body of the thing was either totally black or invisible. We were stopped at the light on third and Steese and nobody else seemed to see it except for the two of us--(I was going to pull off the road after the intersection but thought the best of it and moved on, so that could have been what others were doing as well, but it just seemed as though people ignored it completely). I rolled the window down to get a better look and listen to see if it was a  helicopter while thinking of it oddly out of place if it were. I have seldom, if ever seen helicopters hovering that close to rooftops of residential areas before without police and the rest of the gang there it seemed out of place to me. It was about the size of a large single rotor helicopter though, and either had a flat bottom that held the array of lights, or it was just a flat platform altogether. I did not make out anything above the lights at all, as if it was completely invisible or inky black against the night sky. It made no noise and the platform with the lights was rectangular, but could have been triangular as far as I could tell as I was driving past it. I kept asking my friend to look for the craft itself and describe it to me but he had no explanation and couldn't see anything above the lights either. Even having his head out the window,to my surprise he still just passed it off as some sort of 'military thing', and paid it little more attention than that.. It tilted slightly and moved a few feet here and there kind of like a bee collecting pollen. I kept glancing at it as I went past, and looked for it in the rear view mirror after it should have come into view. Oddly enough, that made me start paying attention to the night sky a lot more. I shared my story with a few others just to see if maybe they had seen something similar, or to see if their reactions were similar to how my friend acted. I soon found two others who saw crafts as well, and for some reason both of them also shrugged it off too. I noticed that much taller and very brilliant street lights started to appear around town less than a week later. The first new street light I saw was at the Ford dealership which was practically the same height and intensity as those on the craft I had seen earlier, but they didn't span the same area at all, and were clearly stationary lights. Still, my eyes snap to those new lamps because the brilliance is very similar to what was on the craft. Last night, 4/10/15 at around 01:30, I saw another one of those strange crafts hovering over a community just off of Chena Hot Springs Road.  There was a bank of mail boxes coming up on Bias Drive and so this time I pulled over to get a better look. Again, I heard nothing at all and the craft seemed lazily going about it's business in the same manner as the other one I saw.  This one was moving slowly off towards the Steese and went over the ridge towards town.  I noticed two other people had pulled off the road there as well, and were standing next to a vehicle talking.  I was intent on gaining some higher ground over at nearby Weller School, so we only exchanged eye contact as I pulled away. At the school, there was no sign of the craft at all over the part of the city I could see. I get the impression that they pose as stars, or sometimes very bright street lights.  I also think that most people refuse to believe that they saw anything unusual, even if they can't explain what they saw.  I also noticed some similarities between my observations and that of others on this database such as the red, mostly white and blue lights, flat bottom, silent and stealthy aspects, as well as my having heard what seemed like a sonar sound before too while reading late one night--but I didn't look out the window to see if there was anything there. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));64.8565375;-147.759673076923
