Landing, beamed lights, formation and singly many witness and over several nights, affected phones/cars;1972-08-04 23:00:00;6 hours;Landing, beamed lights, formation and singly many witness and over several nights, affected phones/cars Bright lights flew in formation, then made right angle turns in opposite directions of each.  Sometimes flew singly, then others would join.  Seen for many days coming in from Gulf of Mexico by fishermen, oil workers, then appeared over Bolivar Pennisula seen for several nites and then progressed north.   Police, military, pilots and swamp rats who had fished the gulf and hunted the swamps all their life had never seen this before.  People familiar with coastal boat lites and helicopters checking oil lines did not recognize these Lights.  Phones would not work when they were there, did when they were gone.  A new car investigating lights pulled under then and went dead.  Later that morning worked fine.   Lights beamed from objects did not cast shadow and could make right hand turns.   On second nite, light on ground behind house.  Pulsed regularly.  Nailed doors, windows shut, passed out guns (householder was the town marshall)  then all 14 people went to bed and slept til morning.   Did not witness following evenings as left area that morning.  Entire town talking about it, including teachers, store owners etc.  Light was very bright, had no colors in it, such as strob lights on planes, which can look as though blue were in it.  Lights travel very fast and first nite seen to land and take off a few miles away at an unoccupied house. This was during first part of August, start of school for that town and in 1971,72 0r 73. ((NUFORC Note:  We would very much like to receive other reports of this incident from anyone who also was witness to the events described above.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));29.5465;-94.4231
