Dayton,Oh. Very bright round objects in a group of 10, then 2 very different shapes,and 1 stationary object,;2006-10-06 18:00:00;2 hours;Dayton,Oh. Very bright round objects in a group of 10, then 2 very different shapes,and 1 stationary object, Seen in the skies of Centerville, Ohio on Oct. 6, 2006.  It was around 6pm, the weather was beautiful, completely blue, clear skies.  My 2 sons, ages 10 and almost 12 came running inside to tell me (their mom) to come outside and see these strange objects in the sky. The objects made no sound. My sons told me they saw a group of 10 very bright circular shapes, then 5 of them darted off. My 10 yr old was visibly shaking and very scared.  When I came outside I kept saying, where boys?  I looked up above my apt. and I saw 2 very different BRIGHT objects!  These 2 objects were very CLOSE!  It was not like a jet in the sky, this was CLOSE. On the left was a bright pulsating round object, on the right was a completely different shape.  The second had a circle shape on top, in the middle was oval shaped and the bottom was triangular. Both shapes were pulsating a VERY bright light. It lasted maybe 10 seconds.  Then they vanished.  I was so astonished and amazed, that I called the non-emergency number at our local police station.  They took my information and had an officer come out.  The officer came and briefly talked to me about what me and my kids saw.  She said there were no other reports.  Then, maybe a few minutes later, my friend came over.  She is around 40 yrs of age, like me.  I told her what happened and maybe 10 to 15 minutes later, there was ANOTHER strange, very bright shape off in the distance,in the sky.  Now, this object was stationary, not moving.  But, we noticed there were 5 aircraft circling the skies, obviously checking this object out!  This was NOT normal to have planes just circling around a object.  WE then walked over to 3 other neighbors who also witnessed this!  They made jokes, but could not explain what it was.  Then, my friend, her son, and my 2 sons (we ALL saw this), got into her car and drove at least 1 to 2 miles down the road.  This object was heading west.  The entire time she was driving, I could see this stationary object, while airplanes were obviously ! circling around.  At one time, I believe it looked like a straight line,and also like a crescent shape.  As it got darker, the object seemed to be getting lower and lower and we could no longer see it.  Also, the stationary object had a red tint to it, but we think it was because of the sunset. Before it was just like a star, but obviously NOT a star. When I returned home, I even called the TV station.  But, they too said no calls were made about any such sightings.  My kids are very honest people, as I am.  We saw something that was not ordinary or easily explained.  I have no idea what it was, but the 3 objects I personally saw have me astonished.  The 2 objects that I initially saw (above my apt.) were the most amazing to me. Especially because of the pulsating light and shape of the 2nd object.  My kids were the only ones to see the group of 10 bright objects, and I saw the 2 different shaped objects vanish before my eyes. I can not explain what it could be, but I have been feeling very frustrated because I want to know the explanation. I want to know why there were at least 5 US aircraft circling the skies around this stationary object!! I will probably never find out why. This experience has me totally in awe of our universe, even more so now. One last bit of information.  My youngest son told me that when he got off the school bus, he saw 1 bright circular object, but it vanished.  He said he didn't say anything at the time, because he thought his mind was playing tricks on him.  This happened 3 hours before we began seeing these objects.  Very strange indeed.  Thank you for taking the time to read this.;39.6438000000004;-84.1742999999992
