((HOAX??))  large disk like object emmitting a vast amount of light with five multi-colored lights.;2011-03-03 22:00:00;about 5 seconds;large disk like object emmitting a vast amount of light with five multi-colored lights. My friend and I were leaving his home at approximately 10:00p EST.  We had our cat with us that we were bringing to my house. we entered his car and he started it up.  we both turned around simaltaniously because we were in reverse and thus were looking where we were going. at that time we had discovered that the entire night sky had been illuminated almost as if it were day.  at this time our cat started to meow and claw at the seat viciously. were then abruptly turned back around to find a disk like craft hovering only a hundred yards away from us.  it was very low to the ground right above the tree line but still in plain sight.  the craft emitted a great intensity of light that it was almost hard to observe. as we looked closer we could see five light around the object that were abruptly changing into multiple colors as if it were syncronized. our cat then became histerical running from one side of the car to the other as if trying to escape or make contact w! ith said craft. my friend and myself took notice in her behavior and then made eye contact with eachother from shear curiosity and astoundment. we then directed our attention back to the craft only to discover that it, and the light that accupanied it, had dissapeared almost as if it weren't even there. now i had had one other previous un-reported sighting a few years back that had brought almost a euphoric efffect on me. only when the craft had dissapeared did the euphoria as well. this night i experienced virtually the same euphoria as before. i felt un-easy as this had been my second sighting and was becoming a bit skeptical as to if i was an any danger at all. but nothing since has occured. i find utter excitement in these experiences and hope that there may be more to come. our earth is at a delicate stage as to warn of a coming catyclysmic event. i embrace and encourage such events because mankind today has become nothing more than dispicable and therefor our planet i! s to be cleansed of such faults.;34.8542;-84.3279
