Intense bright white light, turns bright orange and vanishes near Grayling Michigan;2012-10-12 20:45:00;10 minutes;Intense bright white light, turns bright orange and vanishes near Grayling Michigan Friday, October 12th, 2012 [7:30-9:00 PM EST] East of Grayling Michigan  My brother and I had just arrived at our family cabin near Grayling Michigan around 7:45 pm EST.  Two of our friends had arrived earlier in the day to get the woodstoves started to warm up the cabins.  The sun was disappearing fast and the clear skies were already showing the first stars.  After saying our hellos and grabbing a quick bit to eat (approx. 8:45 pm EST), my brother headed out to the car to start unpacking.  I went out about a minute later and he was leaning into the back seat gathering his things.  I can’t remember why but I turned around to head back into the cabin and a large, very bright white light caught my eye.  The light was traveling at a steady clip, totally silent, heading from west to east over the top of the cabin. I yelled at my brother to look and also ran to the cabin door to call to our friends.  I didn’t know it but one of our friends was up in a tree house talking to his girlfriend.  The other friend came running out of the cabin and he and my brother and I stood looking up in amazement.    As I stated above, the large spherical intense white light floated silently over the cabin.  It traveled about as fast as a Cessna, absolutely silent.  After a minute or so it all of a sudden changed color from intense bright white to an intense bright orange.  It stayed this intense orange for a few seconds and then it seemed to vanish into thin air.  My friend looked over at me and said, “Wow, that’s one for the UFO files!” As we all stood around and recounted what we saw, my bother reported seeing the object “Softly Zig Zag” across the sky.  I personally did not see that phenomenon, but one of my friends later agreed with him.  A few minutes later our other friend came down from the tree house, which was approximately 150 - 200 ft. away from where we were all standing.  The first words out of his mouth were, “Did you guys see the UFO?”  He reported seeing the exact same thing only he was a little more freaked out because he was out away from the cabin by himself.  We took some of our things into the cabin, stood inside and talked for a few minutes and then I headed back out to the car to get more stuff.  Once I grabbed my stuff and turned to walk back to the cabin (facing northeast) there above one of the other bunk houses was the intense bright white light again…only this time it was floating from north to south.  I ran to the main cabin door and yelled at everyone to come out and look, but by the time they got outside it was gone.;44.6661;-84.6936000000001
