3 Large circular objects over North Miami;1985-05-01 17:00:00;45 seconds;3 Large circular objects over North Miami I was in an area of North Miami called San Souci Blvd. I was sitting in the living room of a friends apartment on the 3rd floor. The living room faced the balcony that overlooked the tennis courts. All of the sudden the balcony and part of the living room floor turned bright orange. I thought that was strange, as I opened the balcony door I heard people yelling (I could not remember what they were saying). Everyone was looking at the sky. As I looked up all I can see was that the sky was being covered by something light orange.  As I looked at it I really did not understand what it was. I looked at the people on the tennis courts and some of them were running inside the building while a few stayed there point up.  I remember looking up and down several times. It covered the whole horizon. I could not see where it ended. It must have been a few 100 ft above me. About 20 seconds into the experience, it started to move straight up at a great speed with no noise.  I would say another 10 seconds later I noticed the outline of what seemed to be a circle with an outer ring and a glowing orange/red center. It moved straight up at a great speed. My eyes started to water because I could not stay focus on the object. Soon afterwards I noticed two more similiar objects one on each side for a total of three.  As it was moving up it started to move toward the direction of the east, toward the ocean. It finally disapeard, and when I realized what I just saw I looked around me and my friend the owner of the apartment was standing next to me rubbing her eyes with tears. Why eyes were also watered, with a little discomfort.  The people below on the tennis courts yelled at us asking if we saw it. We told them we did. We asked them were did it come from, and they said it just rolled over the building and everything turned orange.  I have told this experience to all my friends throuht out the years. No one believes me, but I know what I saw was real. I don't see my friend any more, but many years later we met by accident, and the first thing she asked me if I remember that day when we saw the orange glow. I told her yes, it is something that I have never forgoten. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));25.8906;-80.1784
