I have never seen anything that could move that quick and make a 90 degree turn, then  go backwards!!;2004-12-21 00:05:00;90 seconds;I have never seen anything that could move that quick and make a 90 degree turn, then  go backwards!! It was monday night football, 4th quarter, like a min to go, so I went outside to smoke a ciggarette.  I have to smoke outside since my wife is 7 months pregnant.  She was in the bedroom waiting for me to come to bed.  So as usual, I went out to my back yard to have a smoke.  I always look up at the stars, just an old habit I quess, from when I was younger looking for shooting stars.  Anyway, I noticed a bird like shape gliding north, swaying a little left, swaying a little right, just like a bird.  I was surprised I was able to see it, but with clear skys and a bright moon, I figured the bird was white and it was just a reflection from the moon.  Well, thats when i relized that it passed above a high altitude cload.  It took my brain a second to realize that there was no way i would be able to see a bird that high in the sky at night.  So i wacthed with more attention.  Thats when the object changed speed and moved in the same direction at a much highher speed.  I basically was thinking a plane since I live about 15 miles from MIA, and thats when the object made a left turn (west) 90 degree turn, at a speed that is not possible, at least in my head.  I was very confused.  I was looking right at it, it must of been way up there, and it seemed to have light, not blinking, but going from dim to brighter and back in a slow duration.  And then it went backwards just as quick, made another turn, and continued north up the coast till i could not see it anymore.  I could not believe the way it was moving slow, then would move so fast, then slow again, then the high speed 90 degree turn.  Anyway, I have never claimed to see a UFO before. I have always looked up, seen high altitutde planes, satilittes, and other things, but nothing that could move and change direction like that.  I just could not come up with any other answer.  I came in side, told my wife, and went to sleep with one eye open, scared for the first time as an adult.  I am 32, professional.;25.8906;-80.1784
