a round object  with a trail  color turning to blue thought to have crashed near constrution site of new school;2001-02-10 00:00:00;unk;a round object  with a trail  color turning to blue thought to have crashed near constrution site of new school Contact person can give more info. on time,witness,better description. ((NUFORC Note:  No other reports from Morvain Falls, NC.  If a UFO had crashed there, I suspect NUFORC would have received other reports within minutes of the event.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have changed the name of the town, based on the following communication we received from a journalist, residing in North Carolina we have received his permission to post his observations and comments here.  We are grateful to the individual for his having taken the time to explore the case, and for having shared his findings with our Center.  PD)) Dear Mr. Davenport, This is in regard to the report I read on your site (Occurred 2/10/01, posted  2/24/01) describing a sighting at Morvain Falls, NC.  I am guessing that  Morvain Falls, as stated in the report, must be a typo since (according to  my maps) there is no such town in NC.   There is, however a small town called  Moravian Falls, and it is approximately 25 miles north of Hickory, where I  live.   I don't know if anyone with your organization has followed up on the report.   I tend to agree with your comment that if a UFO had crashed there, it is  likely that there would have been other reports at that time.  However, since  I do live near the area and had occasion to drive out to the site in question  last Thursday (3/1/01), I made a point to look around to see if there was  anything unusual.  (Granted, this was nearly 3 weeks after the sighting was  reported.)  I did not see any signs of a crash at all.  In fact, the  construction site mentioned in the report is about ten feet or less from a  well-travelled highway, so I believe it would be difficult for something like  that to go unnoticed in a town of that size. Regards, ((name and e-address deleted));36.0767;-81.174
