Seen while driving on Price road off Hy 16 inMoravian Falls. I TOOK it to be Sirius, as thats what it looked like. From my view point a;2008-04-15 10:45:00;30 sec;Seen while driving on Price road off Hy 16 inMoravian Falls. I TOOK it to be Sirius, as thats what it looked like. From my view point as i neared my home, it was CLEARLY HIGH in the sky ( hovering NO movement) , i focused on it, and just thought, my Sirius is QUITE brilliant tonight! Lost sight thru the trees, and as i rounded the last corner before i get to the house, i looked again and it was gone. As i pulled into the driveway, got out, i looked for Sirius, which was to the FAR RIGHT on the HORIZON. Now my Dad`s house is in line slight to right as i`m driving home on this particular stretch of road, this OBJECT was VERY High in the sky, and i would approximate it ( object)in my viewpoint to Dad`s house as being just to the LEFT of it and then vertical. I found SIRIUS it WAS too FAR FAR RIGHT on the Horizon and VERY LOW at that! , no way i could have mistaken it!!  Height i would approx at 2000 feet. Anyone else see it??;36.0767;-81.174
Traveling home from Church band rehearsel wed evening..as i passed into view of my Dad`s old trailer, you can see a wonderful horizon.;2008-09-03 22:45:00;2 minutes +;Traveling home from Church band rehearsel wed evening..as i passed into view of my Dad`s old trailer, you can see a wonderful horizon. This path is where LOTS of commercial jets fly, with the distinctive FLASHING lights that look like a strobe at times. ( i am retired Navy aircraft electrician worked on F-14A tomcats at home and sea!) This time tho, i see two ORANGE ( DULL at that) lights together just stationary on the horizon. I stop the tuck, turn lights off and observe from inside the vehicle at first, carefully noting postion from it the light pole on the left,( pole is physically to my right tho)  and the treeline on right. At first it still appeared stationary. Then it veered slightly NE and came on approach!! I get out of the truck to observe. It comes w/i 1/2 mile to my right, at an altiude of @ 12--1500 feet! I can see what looks like a old 60`s antennae shape to the craft, glowing soft orange. All i heard was a soft whirring as it went by! Now i watch aircraft go by at night, and do alot of sky watching, the commercial and military jets are quite easy to spot w/lighting arrangement. Brothers and sisters this wasn`t one of them!!;36.0767;-81.174
Bright object seen over Moravian Falls NC;2012-04-09 20:45:00;< 10min;Bright object seen over Moravian Falls NC NE sky here in M Falls on Price rd..walked out to move my car, saw a what looked like a VERY HUGE bright star in NE sky stationery, moved car, looked up, it`s gone, look NORTH of the postion last seen the bright object., i see (2) dim lights, NO flashes... moving more NE direction , saw directly south of the object a fast moving military craft ( coming from direction of Clt NC))  ( flashing red nav lights) going twds object, both disaaperared over horizon, what def looked like SAME military aircraft was moving in exact direction it came from maybe 5 min later/ This object was SO bright, i told myself it wasn`t a star, and i truly blv i was right! I`m retired Navy, no agenda...;36.0767;-81.174
