Four orange/amber lights seen over Champaign, IL.;2002-02-02 23:45:00;3 minutes;Four orange/amber lights seen over Champaign, IL. Witness Testimony: I was on-duty responding to an alarm call and travelling eastbound down Kirby (Street) approaching the intersection with State Street. I saw the two lights to the left (north) first. I focused on them and then noticed the two lights to the right (south). I have worked the area for four years and never seen them before so my attention was drawn to them. I should also note that the lights were due east of my location and appeared directly above Memorial Stadium. I was unsure what the objects were at first and I thought they may have been a reflection or new lights on the stadium. I also did not think much about them initially because of that reason. I had been scanning the other Police departments in the area (radio traffic) and heard several other officers talking about unidentified objects they were seeing. I then realized the objects I was seeing was probably related. The closer I came to the stadium also made me realize the objects were several hundred feet above it. The four objects hovered in place. I did not see them move or do anything else. I lost sight of them when I turned northbound onto First Street and was close to the base of the stadium. I realized the lights were further to the east and the stadium blocked my view. Later that night, I telephoned METCAD (a dispatch agency) and learned that several people, including other officers, had reported seeing up to ten unusual lights in the sky. Some believed the lights were from skydivers or parachute flares. Others believed it was the military doing some type of menuevers. I also learned that some buildings had been lit up with spotlights from these objects. Another important point that I forgot to include was that maybe five minutes after my sighting, I received a computer message from our front desk personnel that (said) someone from an apartment at 308 East Armory (3 blocks north of the stadium) called-in to report ten airplanes using orange running lights to communicate to each other in morse code. I am unsure of the loca! tion of that sighting. One last point, METCAD advised during my previously-mentioned telephone conversation that they had called the local airport (Willard) to see if they could provide any information on the unusual sightings. The airport's reply was that they knew of nothing going on and had nothing on their radar screen. Nothing further to report at this time. (Case investigated and submitted by Illinois MUFON State Section Director, Vic Connor) ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Victor Connor and MUFON/Illinois for sharing this report.  PD));40.1127886178862;-88.258524390244
Interesting “Flashing” lights over Illinois in Casseopeia 7-15-06 10:00 pm.;2006-07-15 22:00:00;15 minutes;Interesting Flashing lights over Illinois in Casseopeia 7-15-06 10:00 pm. My wife and I were walking our dogs, heading due east.  The sky was very dark, and we had a nice view of the Milky Way.  Cassiopeia was clearly visible, although it was very difficult to make out Andromeda, due to its closeness to the horizon, and the lights of Champaign.  As I was walking the dogs, I noticed a white light go on then off in Cassiopeia, about ½ way between the two stars that form the wide “top” portion of the “W”.  At first I thought I had seen a lightning bug (firefly), so I kept watching to see if it happened again: it did.  This time it was a little further south, but still, keeping parallel to the Cassiopeia “W”.  The light would come on for about ¼-1/2 second, then go out.  It was not a quick on/off, but there was some ramping up and down of the amplitude.  It almost seemed as though it was rotating or something.  The on/off nature reminded me of a lightning bug, but it clearly was not that since it maintained a very consistent path in the sky relative to Cassiopeia, even though we moved about ¼ mile during our observations.  It “flashed” about 8 times or so before stopping.  We estimate it was traveling about 1 to 2 degrees per minute.  I am a mechanical engineer, and my wife is a student of veterinary medicine.;40.1127886178862;-88.258524390244
