I was amazed that these objects did not move and it was too high, and silent, to be helicopters;2008-07-12 22:00:00;7 minutes;I was amazed that these objects did not move and it was too high, and silent, to be helicopters On Saturday, 7-12-08 my wife an I observed two amber yellow round objects in the south west sky in north central Arkansas.  It was almost exactly 10:00 PM CDT. Although they were in the same proximity, they were not real close to one another.  They were very high in the sky I would guess 15-20 thousand feet and made no noise.  They did not move but seemed to hover for five minutes when I went to get my wife.  We watched them for roughly two more minutes until the lights faded due to cloud cover. For a period of seven minutes, these objects did not move. There was severe weather in the area.;36.3312;-92.3753
Three bright glowing orange objects passed from South to North over Arkansas disappearing over Missouri on the night of July 6.;2013-07-06 23:00:00;60 seconds;Three bright glowing orange objects passed from South to North over Arkansas disappearing over Missouri on the night of July 6. At approximately 11pm. July 6, 2013, I was sitting on my back steps and suddenly I saw a large bright glowing circular object traveling from South going North at a height an airplane would be, a low flying airplane.  The first object was in sight about 45 seconds as it appeared to be getting lower over Missouri, and then it went out of sight.  I called my housekeeper out to tell her what I had seen and while she was there, another object of the same description following the same path came into sight.  The objects appeared to be the same, both bright glowing orange light, not fire.  The second object followed the same path as the first, disappearing over Missouri.  After a minute a third object in the same location I first saw the first two objects appeared.  The third appeared smaller, did not glow as brightly and appeared to follow a different path then the first two.  I lost sight of it in the tree tops where it appeared to take a more Eastern path then the first two.  Also, the third object was making a sound like an airplane engine.  None of the objects had any blinking lights on it as an airplane must have.  The first two were just a steady bright glowing orange, and the third appeared smaller, but also was higher possibly.  I called the sheriff's department on the 7th of July to see if anyone else had reported seeing what I saw, and the person I spoke to said there had been no reports of any UFO's.  The flight path was not straight but the first two appeared to be traveling with the circumference of the earth.;36.3312;-92.3753
