Saw intense bright light suspended motionless in mid-air that dimmed to darkness and moved slowly off to the east and out of sight.;2000-10-23 18:25:00;3-4 minutes;Saw intense bright light suspended motionless in mid-air that dimmed to darkness and moved slowly off to the east and out of sight. I was sitting on my deck which faces north/northwest enjoying the early twilight and noticed a very bright light suspended in mid-air to the north.  At first I thought it was maybe a signal flare or something, but quickly ruled that out because there was no smoke or fluctuation of intensity and it wasn't falling at all.  I then thought maybe a new radio or communication tower had been built, but then realized the light was too high and too bright.  It also wasn't flashing like the strobes on many towers, although the light had the brightness and intensity a strobe.  The two things that made me realize this was something extraordinary were its intense brightness and its utter motionlessness.  The light appeared to pulsate slightly, but that could have been the result of atmospheric conditions.  The air was somewhat humid, though not really hazy. I watched the object for 3 to 4 minutes until it dimmed substantially and suddenly began to move off toward the east.  I don't know if the light went dim because it turned or if it in fact dimmed.  In any event, it became much more difficult to see as it began to move.  It didn't speed away but rather moved off at a fairly steady, smooth pace until it was no longer visible.   It was much smaller appearing after it began to move, probably because it became a dark object rather than a light one.  On the move, it appeared to be a sort of pea-shaped object, maybe slightly oblong, but mostly roundish. There was no noise associated with it at all. I,m 54 years old and don't drink or use drugs. I'm a Vietnam vet and a practicing attorney.  I have never seen a UFO before.;36.3312;-92.3753
Large Bright Light.  ((NUFORC Note:  Jupiter is quite prominent in the southern sky, currently.  PD));2007-07-03 21:50:00;1 hour;Large Bright Light Around 9:25pm I was watching TV, and for some reason I turned to look out the window behind my couch.  My view is partially obstructed by a large cedar tree.   I saw a large, bright white light, due south.  I started thinking to myself, that I don’t remember that bright of a star being in that direction.  So I watched it through the breaks in the foliage of the tree, when I realized it was moving, very slowly.  I got up and went outside, as I was walking outside, the view of the object was obscured, by more trees, but I noticed it had moved.  I ran out into a clearing of the field and watched it move from near due south to a south-western orientation within about 15 seconds.  The object came to a rest, and did not move (hovering), for a good 30 minutes.  My wife came outside to get me, and then she went out and witnessed it move to a more western position.  So we decided to get in the car, and try to drive towards the location, as we drove to the east for about 15 minutes we noticed that the object had completely disappeared.  The object was very bright white/blue color, brighter than anything else in the sky besides the moon.  It proceed to fade out to a yellow glow and disappear, as if the object was moving further way. My wife and I are both college educated people, that both work for a software company. ((NUFORC Note:  Jupiter is quite prominent in the southern sky, currently.  PD));36.3312;-92.3753
Brilliant white object moving to Northeast at high altitude;2009-09-07 19:52:00;1 minute;Brilliant white object moving to Northeast at high altitude The craft appeared as brilliant white light moving from Southwest to Northeast.  It was visible for perhaps a minute at most.  Magnitude was about the brilliance of Jupiter on clear night.  No navigation or strobe lights were visible when viewed through binoculars.  If the object were high enough to reflect sunlight, it would have to been at an extreme altitude as it was well past sunset.;36.3312;-92.3753
Very bright red, green, white lights traveling south in an erratic manner directly over Hicks Creek;2012-10-13 23:00:00;10-15 minutes;Very bright red, green, white lights traveling south in an erratic manner directly over Hicks Creek First observed object through a floor to ceiling window in our home looking out toward the southeast. I could not see any particular shape other than the object had very bright red, green, and white lights that were not flashing.  At first I thought it was a helicopter about 600-800 feet away but very soon realized that it was not making any noise.   I went outside and walked a couple of hundred feet to the top of the hill to get a clear and unobstructed view.  It appeared small being approximately 10-20 feet across only based on the spacing of the lights.   The object was moving erratically both vertically and horizontally in very quick movements traveling generally due south over Hicks Creek at about 20 M.P.H.  Its altitude varied from 100 feet to 300 feet while traveling.  During its flight, it would appear to fly in reverse and then again go forward.  It would do this very quickly without making any kind of noise.   I watched this craft continue flying and changing altitude as it passed over the university campus south of my viewing location and continued in a southerly dir! ection until it was far enough away I could no longer see it which would have been several miles. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.3312;-92.3753
