It looked like a brown boxcar way up into the sky.  In approximately three seconds it disappeared behind a cloud.;2016-08-01 00:00:00;30 seconds;It looked like a brown boxcar way up into the sky.  In approximately three seconds it disappeared behind a cloud. Exact E-Mail sent to a friend in Chicago:  About a week ago, I was sitting on my second story balcony.  I was looking at a glob of cobweb on several of the nearby trees and remembered that we had eight papershell pecan trees on our farm and lost three to the same caterpillar worms that created those webs.  I thought that they were catalpa worms, but I was mistaken.   I gazed over to another much taller tree and was looking for the same glob of cobwebs that I had seen before in that tree.  Then I jumped up from my seat and was amazed at what I saw crossing the sky, almost out of sight.  It was so high.   I went inside and returned seconds later, with binoculars (10x20) to see the same object disappear behind a cloud.  I never got the binoculars up to my face.  I fear commitment into the local sanatorium, should I mention what I saw that day. It had all the appearances of a flying boxcar.  No, no, not the WW 11 Flying Boxcar.   This object looked brown in color and had no wings or appendages of any type.  It looked like a railroad boxcar.   Now then, if you want to have me evaluated for mental exhaustion or dementia of the worse kind, I will gladly keep my door unlocked if you tell me when they might arrive.  I know I saw what I saw, if you know what I mean.  I made the mistake of telling my immediate neighbor whose door is two feet from my door.  She is a nurse at the local hospital.  We are friends and she is getting married in September.  She playfully said that OH, no, your not seeing things, those do exist and I can't remember what they are called.  Then the subject was quickly changed.  Understand, I have majored in philosophy in college, and the proper instructions of using ones five senses are well incorporated in my mind.  I believe in and follow the philosophy of 'Objectivism.   So, am I seeing things?  Do I need to self commit?  Do you have any knowledge of the brown flying boxcar that I observed on that day?   I am not signing my name to this comment.;36.3312;-92.3753
