Red brilliant light and white light;2012-06-15 22:08:00;5-6 min;Red brilliant light and white light Observed object flying southwest at a high speed and then seen another object a little larger cross paths the larger one disappeared straight up. ((NUFORC Note:  We assume an evening sighting, and have amended the date above.  PD));36.3312;-92.3753
The moon was covered by a very strange shaped shadow, eclipsing the moon for at least 40 minutes;2014-05-01 22:15:00;ongoing at this time;The moon was covered by a very strange shaped shadow, eclipsing the moon for at least 40 minutes To whom it may concern, I witnessed this 1st night of May, 2014, a strange occurrence involving our moon. I was driving on the road and saw the moon was covered to show a sliver(crescent shape) nothing out of the ordinary.  I then observed while driving a shadow that was covering the bottom half of the sliver (crescent shape) of the moon hence separating the bottom half from the top. When I arrived at my destination, the moon was back to a normal sliver and I assumed it was just an obstruction in my line of sight while I had been driving, however I decided to stay and observe the moon to see if maybe my eyes were not playing tricks on me.  Low and behold, they were not. As I was looking at the moon, I saw the same type of obstruction. I can try to describe it logically as much as I can, but the best way I can describe it was this: It looked very similar to the shadow of a hand covering the moon.  Not conducive with any other eclipse pattern I have ever heard of.   As of 10:38pm central time, it is still covered.  Cloud coverage is not an explanation.  I observed the dark side of the moon until it was completely covered, and even now I can still see 100 percent visibility all around the moon.   What I saw was not a cloud it was most definitely a shadow covering the moon.   I had 2 of my friends tell me that they observed the change as well one actually called me to see if I had seen it because he said it freaked him out unlike anything he had seen before. I am an extremely skeptical man when it comes to the supernatural.  I believe in such things, but I also am very leery to believe every story I hear.   I will be reporting this to other news sources in the morning. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he seemed to us to be exceptionally serious-minded, and sincere in his description of the sighting event.  We suspect that he is a highly reliable witness.  PD));36.3312;-92.3753
