My wife and kids, and I, were watching the stars after midnight when a giant, asymmetrical, pulsing amoeba-like mass of light appeared.;2003-07-13 01:00:00;1 hour;My wife and kids, and I, were watching the stars after midnight when a giant, asymmetrical, pulsing amoeba-like mass of light appeared. We were sitting out watching the stars in the back yard, me, my two sons, and my wife. It was getting too late for the boys 9 and 12) to be out so we started packing up the telescope.  Out of nowhere it seems(though I believe it flew from the north) this giant, swirling mass of light appeared in the sky. It was no particular shape, but was more like an egg in a frying pan, or an amoeba.  It changed its shape, and its size as well. It appeared to go farther away, then closer, then farther, this could explain the apparent size change.  We watched it pulsing there for at least 30 minutes, my wife wanted to call the police but I assured her that it would not help. All of a sudden, the white, bright thing began to change colors, first to a reddish brown, then to a dark cobalt blue, and finally it culminated(and stayed) at a dark steel gray color, that was still as visible as the original object(for it shined so).  This color transformation took perhaps 10 minutes. Then the craft began an ascent, higher and higher it went as it spiraled around, and then at the end of our time watching it, it came down, very, very quickly. It came so close to our house and the trees around us that the trees actually shook, and the grass waved.  My kids were scared and I admit, I was also, my wife ran inside, and you could feel the heat from the thing. Then there was a sudden coolness, calmness, and just a general feeling of peace about the place as we watched it inch towards us. It took on a more readily noticeable shape, something like a circle, and shot into the sky, disappearing on its way up.  I have never told anyone about this and told the wife and kids to not tell anyone, either. But we all saw it, and we are all either crazy or it was really there.;29.9897849785407;-95.2186158798282
