white,luminous, circular object encircled with colored lights hovering above neighbors house for over 2 hours.;1986-01-15 22:00:00;2+ hours;white,luminous, circular object encircled with colored lights hovering above neighbors house for over 2 hours. This happened in January 1986. I remember it vividly because 1986 was the year that you were supposed to be able to see Haley's Comet and we had binoculars ready just in case. It was 9pm. My 9 year old son had gone to bed at 8:30-he slept on the top bunk of bunkbeds. He came out of his room and told me that he was scared because he was lying in his bed looking out of the window and said that there was something above our neighbors house across the street. He said that it was white and had different colored lights on it and it was just sitting above the roof. I went and looked out of his window and saw what he was describing...a white object with a green light on the top and a green light on the bottom. Across the center was a row of red,blue,yellow, and green lights that appeared to be blinking across it. The object was circular and was just hovering there. It was approximately the size of between a nickel and dime held at arms length and was hovering above the house across the street. I went and got my (now ex) husband, my son and 7 year old daughter and we went out onto the front lawn with the binoculars to get a closer look. The object was a luminous white with the lights as described above and continued to hover...occasionally it would weave slightly to the left or right, but basically returned to the same position above our neighbors house. My husband kept saying that maybe it could be a Christmas ornament that someone strung up above the house, but I said that no one in their right mind would have climbed up that high to string up an ornament that big AFTER Christmas was over. By 10pm, the object was still hovering there, so I went inside and called my best friend up on the phone(who lived at the end of our street)and she came up to our house to be my witness and saw the object with us. We all stayed outside in the cold staring at this thing until 11pm.It made absolutely no sound at all. By this time my kids were petrified and so was I. We went into the house and I proceeded to call the Yarmouth Police to ask them if they had gotten any calls about this thing. The answering officer started laughing at me when I described it and said that he had a phone number he was supposed to give out to anyone who called with a sighting. I was so humiliated by his laughing that I just hung up. I do, however, remember being the most scared I have ever been in my life. I went around the house locking all the windows and doors and my husband was laughing at me saying that if they (meaning whatever was inside this thing) really wanted to get into our house, locked doors and windows weren't going to stop them. My 9 year old son was so afraid that he had to sleep with us that night. The last time I dared to look out was 11:30pm, and this thing was still in the sky above our neighbor's house. I and my son (now 26) will never forget this experience. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know what the witnesses observed, but it is unusual for a genuine UFO to hover in the same spot for two hours.  Moreover, such an event almost certainly would have caused a pulse of sightings and activity, which apparently did not occur.  Based on the description of the object, and given that it was a winter sighting, we believe that the first possibility to be ruled out in this case would be a sighting of the star, Sirius, which is VERY prominent, and VERY chromatic, in the sky.  If the witnesses were looking to the east from their home, that is a possibility.  If it was not Sirius, we do not know what they witnessed.  PD));41.6721;-70.1941
I hope someone else can report on this!;2009-02-27 09:45:00;2 minutes;I hope someone else can report on this! it was pertty dark but I looked up and you could see 4 lights one on each side of it, and the outline of the circle around this object was clearly visible.  Its speed was medium, enough time to see it but too fast to catch it before it got to the woods in front of us where there is a river on the other side and you could now see a  blinking light lowering behind the trees, we were in an apartment complex waiting in the car.  2 other people sat smoking marijuana in another car,I'm not sure they noticed this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.6721;-70.1941
