Oval Object With Aura - Close Up;1973-09-15 19:15:00;15 min;Oval Object With Aura - Close Up Some years ago I had an experience which eventually altered my life.  My background is one of a traveling troubleshooter and consultant in the field of electronics.  It was my job to find what others had missed and detail was part of my daily routine. ....Also, while in the Air Force, I taught instrument flying techniques and procedures.  I am quite familiar with aircraft and have lived my life with an objective eye. Story, objective side:  While driving (after sundown, before dusk, with wife and two youngsters, only car on the road) just outside of town we spotted a soft white 'glowing' object. 'It' was hovering a few feet off the ground about forty yards from the highway to our left. It was shaped something like a slender football, maybe twelve feet long (including the aura) with rounded ends, although the shape was somewhat obscurred by something of an 'aura' around it. ....While the object was close to the ground, nor at any other time, I did not notice any reflection from the glow and it was not necessary to squint while looking at it. There was no audible sound and no discernible markings or lines.  I had slowed down to observe through my open side window and the 'object' began moving parallel with us..... I stopped. The 'object' continued slowly approx fifty yards, rising to about forty feet, and made a ninety degree right turn, came to my side of the road and made another rt turn and came straight at us. The shape at this point was approx. five feet wide by four feet high, as though a front view. (About that time I was very excited and had my eyes glued on it.) ....At any rate, the object, just over the power lines (maybe 25 feet), hovered right over the top of the car for a moment and then quite suddenly disappeared - in the blink of an eye! My next focus, amidst bewilderment, was on one of a few stars which had braved the twilight.  Subjective: I sensed communication, that the 'object' was not a vehicle, but life/intelligence.  My wife's objective description is the same as mine, the children remember that they saw the object, but nothing more. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.9781;-76.1222
