saw large diamond shaped craft fly almost directly over head at night (bright moon w/thin clouds) . Craft made humming sound that wasn';1976-12-15 22:15:00;2-3 minutes;saw large diamond shaped craft fly almost directly over head at night (bright moon w/thin clouds) . Craft made humming sound that wasn't heard until it was almost overhead I was with a friend standing near an  intersection of town near my home when my friend said  God, that's a big plane!. I looked  where she was pointing at the sky & saw two large bright white lights. I thought it was a large plane also but thought it was strange because the local airport was too small to handle airplanes bigger than a Piper Cub. I kept watching the lights & noticed that I could now see a red light between the 2 white lights. Couldn't hear any noise at this time. As the object flew almost overhead (it was cold that night with a bright moon w/thin kind of gauzey clouds) I could clearly see the shape of the object ,diamond shape with a white light at each point and a red light in the middle. It was at this time that I heard a humming sound coming from the object. The object was black on the bottom. The object flew over some trees & we couldn't see it anymore. I am a 42 year old woman w/a firm belief in UFOs.Have been very interested in the subject for many years.  I also read alot. Have a college education. The other witness was a friend of mine from high school (we were both about 20 years old at the time ) I don't know if she was interested in UFOs (never talked about the subject) but she was fairly intelligent.;39.0285;-96.8401
Big red lights flying low;2011-12-26 00:00:00;3:00;big red lights flying low I went outside to have a cigarette at 1 a.m. I looked over and saw a diamond shape or more like a fat plane flying low through the houses..  I stared at it as it was flying smoothly and right above the houses. It was about 1500 ft away from me.  I saw red lights that was very bright and was not blinking just big red lights on the bottom of the object.  As it was flying it looked like it landing near a tree and I waited for another 5 min but it disappeared.  And there was no sound from this object either but I also thought I heard aircraft engines. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.0285;-96.8401
