Stationary Silent burning ball of fire from approximately 100 feet.;2012-04-28 01:00:00;10 minutes;Stationary Silent burning ball of fire from approximately 100 feet. Sighting sate is approximate. 1 object just below an exceptionally low cloud deck of about 100 feet. After noticing an orange object in the sky, I pulled over to side of road to observe.  Object was directly over the Glenn Highway between North and South Eagle River exits.  Absolute silence from the object and surrounding area.  Object looked like a stationary ball of orange fire burning continuously for several minutes until the cloud deck started to cover it.  Object illuminated the clouds above and around it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));61.311;-149.5165
Absolutely stationary fireball around 300 feet over the inlet.;2014-11-18 20:30:00;2 minutes;Absolutely stationary fireball around 300 feet over the inlet. Large, fireball stationary and smoking. Estimated 300 feet above the ground, 1 mile away, the size of a small building or boat. Mistaken for a street light because of the size and color and relative brightness of the fire. Completely stationary, smoking, a large spherical fire without visible flames really, the size that would be expected from the estimated size and distance, but certainly burning with lots of smoke.  At first sight, after realizing it was not a streetlight, the first thing I assumed was that it was a plane, on fire, that was flying directly in our direction, but on further inspection, I realized it was completely motionless.   After a little over a minute of watching it, the thing collapsed on itself, rolling in less than a second into a singular point, it seemed, in the center and disappeared leaving only the smoke plume.   My friend, his friend I had just met, my friend’s girlfriend and I we’re there and saw the object for around two minutes.  His girlfriend though didn’t see it, it was so unassuming, as I said it looked from our perspective exactly like a streetlight, the same size and color.  It was only after seeing the smoke and flickering fire that I realized it was so much farther away.  It should be noted that the object was either directly above the Air force base, or over the inlet past the base.   It was absolutely not an aircraft, however, and wasn’t so much flying or floating as just completely still, like a bonfire burning on nothing at all.;61.311;-149.5165
At 7:05, a fireball UFO traveled southwest from Eagle River.;2015-03-24 07:05:00;a few seconds;At 7:05, a fireball UFO traveled southwest from Eagle River. I was driving to eagle river when I saw an orange glowing object in the sky.  By my estimate, the altitude of this orange ball was somewhere around 10000 feet.  It shot over the mountian with incredible speed, yet it never made a sound I could hear.  It went out of sight behind some trees, but was heading in a southwest direction.   I got on the highway going southwest toward anchorage.  This took about 20 seconds because I had to go through a school zone.  When I got on the highway, this abnormally quick fireball was almost out of sight.  It had easily made it east of anchorage where it appeared to stop, pulsate a few times, and disappear.  I know this fireball was travelling over the speed of sound.  I know when I'm looking at a jet or helicopter.  It was neither.   This was not earthly, and it did things we cannot.;61.311;-149.5165
