Far east of Eagle River, spotted a star and 2 lights in the sky between 2 mountain peaks.  One of the lights was red, one was white.  T;2000-04-24 23:15:00;60 seconds;Far east of Eagle River, spotted a star and 2 lights in the sky between 2 mountain peaks.  One of the lights was red, one was white.  The star was the largest light and it was white.  The red light began above both the others, then descended in a fairly straight line to be below the others, then moved north to be directly under the one white light, which was to the left of the star in my view.  Then the red light disappeared just winked out.  Then the white light above it winked out as well.  I checked for haze or clouds, but there were none and I continued to see a clear view of the star.  On our way driving out, we saw a white flash of light from the left of the road (south), but were unsure what it was. I had what I believe may qualify as a UFO sighting just 45 minutes ago.  My friend, ((deleted)), and I were driving, trying to get away from town and out and about.  Went down Eagle River Road.  Eagle River is a town about 10 miles outside Anchorage.  We took this road ... it's pretty long.  I need to gauge it.  I remember hitting the odometer on our way out and noting the time.  Anyhow ... it dead-ends in the midst of mountains, part of Chugach State Park.  We stopped and ((deleted)) said she had to go, so I took the time to step out and gaze at the stars, hoping that maybe I'd see some planets as I know they're about to align.  Didn't really expect to, since we're so far north ... spotted a satellite in the southern sky.  Turned my gaze to the east and saw 2 white lights and a red one.  At first, I assumed they were stars or planets.  The red one began to move. It was above the other two, then went downward and below, then crossed under the white light on the left.  Then it disappeared.  The white light above where the red one disappeared also disappeared.  I thought that perhaps they were planes that went behind a haze or clouds or something, but the one star that was in the same vicinity had never disappeared.  As the red light was descending, I remember waving my arm at Trista, who had jumped in the van, and saying, ((deleted)), come here and look at this! ((deleted)), come here and look at this!  She absolutely refused to get out of the van.  I stayed and watched the sky a few moments after the two lights winked out, but saw nothing more, so returned to the van and asked why she hadn't come out.  She said she'd had a terrifying feeling and didn't want to get out.  She'd jumped in the van and locked the door just before I'd noticed the strange movement of the lights.  When I got back in the van, the time was 11:45.  I can't recall, bummer that it is, what time it was when we arrived.  We were last at a funeral reception and the last time I'd checked the time, it was 10:38.   We might not have left until 11 PM, and it could well have taken 45 minutes to get way back where we were, so I don't think there was any missing time.  However, after I got back in the van and we waited a few minutes to see if anything else would show, we started to drive out and saw a flash of white light.  There were no other vehicles around perhaps it was a ranger with a flashlight? I don't know.  We just left! <G>;61.311;-149.5165
Zig-zaging light moves over north horizon of Alaska town.;2008-03-31 00:00:00;~20 minutes;Zig-zaging light moves over north horizon of Alaska town. I live in Eagle River, Alaska.  There is an air force and army base about 15 miles from here.  March 31 at about midnight I went out to have a cigarette.  About a minute after I got outside I looked over the horizon.  There was a light with an odd haze/glow moving around just above the tree line.  I decided it was an airplane until I noticed that the light stayed there for a second, zig-zaged around, and then shot down under the trees.  The light then came back up to a higher area and repeated the same movement.  At this time I realized it was definitely not and airplane that I knew of.  The object continued this for quite some time, at least 20 min, and then disappeared.  It took place above the north horizon.;61.311;-149.5165
Bright, orange stationary object flickering in night sky pieces came off object and fell towards ground.;2012-10-26 23:10:00;2 minutes;Bright, orange stationary object flickering in night sky pieces came off object and fell towards ground. We were outside on our deck looking at the stars.  The sky was completely clear. Many stars were visible to the naked eye.  We noticed what appeared to be a bright, orange star in the northern sky. It was stationary and flickering.   Suddenly a large piece came off the object and fell straight down, towards earth and seemed to burn out. A few seconds later, several more pieces fell off the object.  They were much smaller and they fell in the same direction (toward earth).  Then about 15-20 seconds after that, the object just disappeared/burned out.   The observers were a 49 year old retired Air Force Master Sergeant and his 12 year old son.;61.311;-149.5165
A line of multiple orange lights flying slowly, possibly following the contours of the mountain and then disappearing into the sky.;2014-09-13 09:43:00;10-15 minutes;A line of multiple orange lights flying slowly, possibly following the contours of the mountain and then disappearing into the sky. At 9:43 pm on Saturday, September 13, 2014, my son called me to tell me that he was on his way home from the store and was seeing numerous orange lights in the sky here in Eagle River, Alaska, over a hill that we refer to as Booby Mountain.  I don’t know the real name of the hill, but we call it by its shape.  We live off of Eagle River Loop Road and the lights were east of the road. We observed at least 10 to 12 bright orange lights, probably more, flying in a single file line.  They all seemed to be the same size and traveled at the same speed, which was slower than an airplane.  There was no noise that we could distinguish.  They climbed, then flew level, then climbed, then leveled out again, then climbed again continuing until they disappeared one at a time into the sky.  It almost seemed like they were somewhat following the contours of the mountains that run on the north side of the Eagle River. My son, my husband and myself watched from the driveway of our home for about ten minutes and my son said that there were multiple witnesses pulled over alongside of the road as he was coming home. We have witnessed similar lights here in Eagle River.  My husband and I witnessed some several months ago in a different location and two of my sons have seen the same type of lights on a couple of different occasions. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));61.311;-149.5165
