The stealth-shaped object was traveling at low altitude at a high speed with no sound and lights that flashed intermittently.;2001-10-12 23:08:00;10 seconds;The stealth-shaped object was traveling at low altitude at a high speed with no sound and lights that flashed intermittently. This was one single stealth shaped object flying at approximately 1,000 feet.  It was outlined with light yellowish colored intermittent lights that outlined the shape.  The lights came on and off every 2-3 seconds.  It was travelling very fast with no sound in a West to East direction.  The observer resides in an outlining area of Anchorage, Alaska, with little lighting around.  The sky was clear with no clouds visible and no moon in the sky at the time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness works in a professional capacity in Alaska.  PD));61.311;-149.5165
Orange lights hovering in v formation, change formation and fade away over the Glenn Hwy.;2013-12-31 20:28:00;~6 minutes;Orange lights hovering in v formation, change formation and fade away over the Glenn Hwy. My husband and I were walking out of the Fred Meyer store on the Old Glenn Hwy.  I noticed two orange lights hovering in the sky directly across from us.  They looked to be over the New Glenn Hwy., which is just west of the store.  I fumbled around trying to get into the car while watching the lights. When I got into our vehicle I pointed out the lights to my husband.  I pulled out of our parking space and started to leave, when my husband asked me to pull over so we could watch them. As we were watching, a third light appeared.  They all seemed to be at the same height, and in a v formation. My husband continued to watch as I attempted to call my son who has told me about seeing the same type of thing, on three separate occasions in Eagle River since 2010.  My husband said that as he was watching, the light that was in the center moved directly over the light that was furthest South.  The northern most light faded away first, then the light that was on the bottom of the remaining two started to fade.  The top light then began to fade and actually faded completely before the bottom light faded completely. The whole incident lasted approximately five to seven minutes.  The lights looked to me to be about a hundred to a hundred and fifty yards across from the light furthest south to the light furthest north while they were in the v formation.  If the lights were indeed over the New Glenn, they were only about 1/8-1/4 mile away, and they seemed to be just over the tree line to the west of the highway.  We rolled down the windows and didn't hear any typical aircraft noise.  There was typical traffic noise, but at that proximity I would have expected to hear something from them if they were helicopters. My son who I had tried to contact was working at the time, but he said that he saw orange lights in the same general area as he was driving home from work at around 11:20.  I neglected to ask him how many. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));61.311;-149.5165
