Double sphere object came floating in. Stopped and then  sped off at lightning speed.;1991-03-26 20:30:00;2 minutes;Double shpere object came floating in. Stopped and then  sped off at lightning speed. This happened over twenty years ago.   After finishing milking chores on the farm and walking from the barn to the house the oldest daughter 13 and her 14 year old brother were walking to the house when they observed a double sphere orange glowing object quietly floating in from the South.  Another son 15 at the time was coming back from taking a spin on an ATV three wheeler.   The object came in and then stopped and hovered probably less than 200 yards from the farmhouse.  I had just entered the house minutes before and had sat down on the sofa when a younger daughter came up from downstairs and was looking east out of the picture window.  She was spellbound and commented to me. OMG dad look at this.   As I got up there was a bang and the whole outdoors lit up as if it was daylight and by the time I opened the door the object was gone in a flash traveling to the NE. Sparks were flying off the power line about 100 yards from where the object had hovered.   I am to this day not sure if the object bumped the power line or if just the pressure from the speed at which the object left caused the wires to hit each other.   Both sons and daughter who were still outside saw the object and were no doubt rattled by what they had just seen happen.  This thing went from a dead stop to disappearing in not much more than a second. My daughter went to school and mentioned what she had witnessed and although her science teacher supported her and said she believed the account, it is needless to say her classmates made jokes of it and she pretty much never mentioned it again. A neighbor also saw the object cross the road behind their car as they were heading to town that night and there was a report in the Aberdeen, SD, paper that they had sent out a plane that night after several reports from the Mobridge and Glenham, SD, area that witnesses had thought they saw a plane coming down or crashing.  Nothing was found.  All this the same night about seventy five miles away from what we witnessed happened.   Again the object was a lighted double sphere that made no noise until it sped off.. ((NUFORC Note:  Source elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));46.1917;-99.6131
