observing night sky, noticed two large(very large)V shaped objects flying@40,000-60,000ft. flying W to SE. Both objects were illuminati;1999-10-24 23:35:00;7minutes;observing night sky, noticed two large(very large)V shaped objects flying@40,000-60,000ft. flying W to SE. Both objects were illuminating yellow. Flying in a definite formation. I was observing the night sky, when i saw near full moon two v shaped objects, Very large in size. Flying @40,000 ft. They came from West and heading SE direction. Moving at a very slow rate., sighting lasted several minutes. Objects moved in a formation , with a zig-zag pattern. Both Objects were illuminating a yellowish amber color light. from the entire craft.  I returned into my home, got my brother and father to come outside and witness this sighting, and objects were clearing visible to the naked eye. Still moving in the pattern originnaly observes.  All three of us agree this was unidentifiable.We Also confirmed this sighting was viewing the objects thru high power binoculars.  And agree that these were not balloons, airplanes, or a blimp.  These were crafts that were being propelled somehow. However, no sound, or contrail was visible or heard. It was slight moisture in the air, a contrail would have been formed if this a jet.;33.8928727699529;-118.292207511737
Cheveron shaped object seen above the skies of SouthBay area near LAX.;2008-09-01 22:10:00;10 mins;Cheveron shaped object seen above the skies of SouthBay area near LAX. I was looking up in the evening sky, when I saw a faint looking star moving southwards.  I thought it could be a satellite, as I was watching this move, a flash came from the southeastern direction.  It was a quick white flash as if someone was trying to say hey I'm over here.  My sister happen to be looking up at the time as well, and said was that a falling star or what.  I said no, I was watching that other star looking object, which was just north west of this flash, when this flash turned on and slowly turned off.  It wasn't like a falling star at all,it was if someone turned on a bright white light, then slowly it turned off. About 3 mins later I happen to look up, and as I did, I noticed object fly just above me heading north, it appeared to have a whispy orange glow which seemed to have two bright lights at the front of it, almost shaped like a triangle with rounded edges. I mentioned it to my sister who was sitting next to me.  I thought did I just imagine it, or was I just really tired. I was curious to know what this might have been, so I grabbed my binoculars Nikon 10x50, I aimed towards the area where I saw the flash originally, as I was searching the skies, this object flew within my view, it was huge.  It seemed to have two sets of lights in a row in what seemed to appear as a v shaped object.  xx     xx xx   xx xx xx xx   Not sure exactly how many lights were at on the object itself, however, I do know for sure it had two sets of lights in each row which outlined this object.  I watched it as it flew almost gliding throught the sky heading northest.  I was telling my sister to look up where I was pointing, I did not want to loose sight of this object within the binoculars view, she said she saw nothing. I am assuming this object must have been up pretty high for my sister not to see it, however, when I saw it looking through the binoculars it appeared to be large.  I would say it was twice the size of a jetliner. The best way I can describe this object is by comparison. Example:  Looking up approx. 1000ft at a 747 jetliner, through my 10x50 binoculars, the plane would appear to be the size of a nickle, and the bottom of the airliner would be difficult to see clearly as it is dark, and generally there are no lights at the bottom of the craft, perhaps a blue and red light at the wings and a white/yellowish light at the front of the plane. Now looking a this v shaped object it seemed like the lights were a whitish color, yet not blinding, and the object looked to be the size of a 50cent piece, quite large.  I couldn't tell you what altitude this object was at, as it could not been seen with the naked eye. Note: During this 15 minutes duration, my sister and I noticed the dogs next door were barking like crazy.  We thought those dogs are sure non-stop tonight. It was getting annoying listening to those dogs. While viewing this object through my binoculars, my sister made a comment about the dogs, she said did you notice the dogs stopped barking.  I listened and realized yeah, they did stop.  I am assuming that this could be because this object decided to fly away (heading south east).  Perhaps, it was lingering around the area above the skies unnoticable, then decided to leave.  I must say, the dogs were quiet after this thing departed. I wanted to know if anyone else had seen this object in the skies: September 1, 2008  approx: 9:51 - 10:15pm ish, Near Torrance, Gardena & Lawndale area of Los Angeles, CA. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));33.8928727699529;-118.292207511737
