Shiny, rotating object over Taylors June 2005;2005-06-10 16:00:00;10 minutes;Shiny, rotating object over Taylors June 2005 I am making this report now, after over a year and a half(since seeing this occurence) becuase, well, I didn't exactly know how or who to report it to. Also, I am in South Carolina, and people around here aren't exactly open-minded or welcoming about things like this. I can't remember the exact date, but I do know it was one afternoon, around 4:00 pm, in early June. The weather was not too sunny, but it was not overcast either. It was mild, pleasant weather that day.  I was home with my now husband, our infant daughter, and our then-roommate.  My husband stepped outside onto our front porch to have a cigarette, and I started to follow him out. We were standing on the porch talking when I happened to look up at some birds that were flying over some trees approximately 200 feet away from us.  Right at that moment, a shiny metal object came into my view.  It wasn't close to the trees from what I could tell it looked like it was at least as high up as a small airplane.  Like I said earlier, an airport is not far from my house, so I'm very accustomed to seeing (and hearing) planes, big and small, fly over the house all the time.  But this shiny object made no sound whatsoever.  My husband saw it as well, and we called our roommate out to look at it. It looked at first liek it was shiny, metallic, and saucer-shaped. It wasn't moving at all. It was just hoovering where it was.  Then after a few seconds of just hoovering there, it started rotating and spinning, in alternating speeds. It looked like it was spinning in all directions, upside down, sideways, and diagonally. It looked as if the entire shape of the object was changing with every spin. It did this for a few minutes, then it would move over to the right and hoover a few minutes, and then it would move higher up, hoover for a minute. All the while there were birds flying around in these tress by our house, and that's when I could tell that it must have been pretty high up in the air. (Because in proportion to the birds, it looked very small.) After about ten minutes, it just slowly moved away, towards the west. I have no idea what it was, but I have never in my life witnessed an airplane or balloon of any kind, behave in a manner like that. To my knowledge, no aircraft or balloon, can hoover in one spot, and completely spin! , rotate , and change shape. And if there were such an aircraft, I highly doubt that the general public would be made aware of it, nor, would it be made visible in plain daylight, in suburban areas.  All three of us saw it. There's no doubt in my mind that it was not something that the airport knew about. I don't know if we are the only ones who saw it, but I still keep my eyes peeled every single day, in case it ever comes back. If it ever does, I'll be ready with a video camera next time. I'd love to know if anybody else saw this in this area. Thanks for your time, and again, I'm sorry it took so long for me to report this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.8398489971342;-82.3661557390905
Circle of 4 white lights, moving.;2015-08-05 23:00:00;1 hour;circle of 4 white lights, moving. The sighting was of a circle of 4 white lights, which were moving in circles of increasing/decreasing diameter in the sky around a epicentre.  They would occasionally fade and then come back bright again.  We watched for about an hour before they completely faded, no idea how long they had been there before we spotted them.  They were spotted a month before as well. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.8398489971342;-82.3661557390905
