2 Cigar shaped ships flying over Knoxville TN;2000-01-08 07:30:00;15 min;2 Cigar shaped ships flying over Knoxville TN While getting off of work one morning.  Me and my uncle were going on 40 east out of kingston TN into knoxville TN. The sun was bright and I was looking out of the passenger window so the light would not blind me and I was scanning the sky, When I seen this Huge cigar shape like ship.   It was flying from my right to left as if sitting in the car.  The craft was a dull brownish grey had like this jet like fire comming out of one end, but it did not leave any exhaust in the sky and their were no vapors like when you look at the road on a hot day.  There were no windows or stickers on it.  It was flying about 6000ft.  It was so big that it looked like gigantic submarine flying over us.   I told my uncle to stop but he was too scared.  I was pointing to the other cars on the road at the time so that they would maybe look too but no one did.  I was not high at the time and was not tired.  I was already used to working the night shift and staying up a little because I had that night off.   I got my uncle to pull over and that is when the ship shot another ship just like itself out of its rear, going in the direction it came from.   My cousin saw the secound and started to freak out and I said lets stop but he still wouldn't.  I watched the 2 ships keep going until I could not see them anymore.  I watched tv and nothing I asked people that I knew at the time was on that road that morning going to work and they seen nothing.  I now I seen it because I was in the day time and clear as a bell, no clouds or anything.   Also their is rumors that Oak Ridge TN has a base inside of a mountian ridge next to the river called Bear creek.  That is the town where they put they made the atom bomb. Some times you can see F15s automatically appearing like they just shout out of the ground. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));35.9483246471226;-84.0008870792615
cigar shaped object pulsating brilliant white light.;2015-06-12 21:00:00;10-15 seconds;cigar shaped object pulsating brilliant white light I was out watering my lawn, when I looked up and noticed a cigar shaped object flying in a NE direction.  There was noting else in the sky.  The sun was already down on the horizon but it was still light outside (dusk).   After watching about 2 seconds, the object lit up and glowed very white.  This object had a distinct dark line in the middle of the craft and when it first glowed the front half of this thing appeared to glow first followed by the rear end of it following.  The whole craft was illuminated and it went back to the original finish that appeared to be something like an airplane.  It pulsated twice now with both ends illuminating at the same time.  The dark line in the middle stayed dark.   I turned toward the west to see if there was anyway that it was reflecting the sun but the sun wasn't even above the horizon and had it been reflecting the sun it would not have been such a brilliant white light.  It was traveling faster than I hav! e witnessed airplanes traveling. I witnessed another cigar shaped object in the identical place in the sky a few years ago, but it never illuminated like this one.;35.9483246471226;-84.0008870792615
