A large bright mettalic red-orange diamond shaped craft appeared and dissapered making no noise.;2004-06-24 22:20:00;60 sec.;A large bright mettalic red-orange diamond shaped craft appeared and dissapered making no noise. I had gone outside to take my dog out before i went to bed,there were several people in the parking lot at my appartment complex.There were also people outside at the appartment complex across the street.I went down the steps and led my dog about 3 feet into the grass in frount of the building.I had been out for about 30 or 40 seconds when i first saw the object.it started over the horizon behind the appartment buildings across the street,then it advanced at a very high speed at an angle coming toward me untill it was as close as the power poles across the street and then it dissapered.the object was of a diamond shape and rather large.It was very bright mettalic red-orange in color,and made no noise.the duration of the sighting was about 60 seconds the i went inside to get my husband so he could see it.we came back out about 40 seconds later and it was gone.I don't know if anyone else saw it because it happend so quickly but i can't rationally explane what i saw as an airplane or hellicopter.There are frequently aircraft around due to the fact that we live about 20 min.away from the airport but this was not like anything that i had ever seen.;35.9483246471226;-84.0008870792615
My husband and I were just walking in our neighborhood and saw something we can not explain.;2009-11-14 19:07:00;2 mins;My husband and I were just walking in our neighborhood and saw something we can not explain. I am posting this because neither of us can think of who you call and there have to be other people who saw this. It was over our neighborhood near a large shopping area, but our neighborhood is still darker at night which we guess is why we could see the object. It was black-ish with what looked like moving/flipping panels that would catch the light as it moved or reflected some light we could not see. When he first saw it he thought it was birds, but there was no bird sound and then we both realized how large it was. And that it was diamond shaped. Plus it was blocking out the sky as it moved. As it moved away I could hear a hush noise, like snow flakes or a low white noise sound. He did not pick that up, but we both know my ears are more sensitive and he is getting over a cold. Also as it moved away it turned into a triangular shape and we could really see the tile-like things flipping. The object was moving overhead toward the downtown of the city we live outside of, so a straight line following a major interstate seemed to be its path or to pass over the interstate at some point. East-Northeast(emphasis on East). It left behind a massive white trail similar to what planes can leave behind but huge. My husband wants me to add that it was not like an exhaust trail, but more like displacement? No other way to explain how it looked or felt but displacement. Also as it was moving it passed in front of a plane that was much higher up and the object totally blocked the light out of the plane. I always carry a strong flash light when we walk at night and it did not even reflect off of this object. Either it was much higher up, which means it was even larger than we think, or it was non-reflective. We watched it from tonight 7:07 pm until 7:09 when it moved out of our field of vision. It became a straight line like this but massively thick ______. It seemed as though one of the diamond's points flattened to make the triangle and then the the front point of the triangle flattened to make a wide line. If you have ever seen ticker tape or confetti that was how the tile thing looked when they were moving. Birds do not have exhaust and that trail was not there until the object went by. No air craft we know of is that quiet, I am a Military Brat and have grown up around planes so I know their sounds. It can't have been a Stealth because we would have felt that and it would have to have been really low to block the sky in the way it did. No way we could not have felt it were a low flying Stealth! Also we realized after we saw the trail that in fact there were two other trails spaced evenly and parallel to the one this craft made.;35.9483246471226;-84.0008870792615
4 bright white lights, house-size formation - on South Knoxville ridge. Stationary, then moving west along the entire ridge.;2012-12-09 22:55:00;15 seconds;4 bright white lights, house-size formation - on South Knoxville ridge.  Stationary, then moving west along the entire ridge. 4 bright white lights up on View Park ridge, South Knoxville - configured in a large house-size shape.  We were about 0.3 miles to the north at a lower elevation.  Noticed the stationary lights and thought they were perhaps Christmas lights, in a triangle/ diamond formation - but they were in an odd location, not a residential area.  Then the lights lifted and moved west along the entire ridge.;35.9483246471226;-84.0008870792615
