Two witnesses watched winged aircraft  with no tail or landing gear stay motionless for some time at the edge of the road.;2017-03-09 15:30:00;40 seconds;Two witnesses watched winged aircraft  with no tail or landing gear stay motionless for some time at the edge of the road. Heading north on Route 5 from Waldorf, and just entering the Clinton, Maryland, area, the craft was spotted to the right of the roadway.  It was sitting at approximately 400-500 feet from the roadway and was at at an altitude for from between 300-500 feet.  The craft resembled an airplane or a drone.   The color was silver/brushed gray.  It was the size of a small, early jet airliner perhaps 75-100 feet long.  The shape was that of a cylinder, rounded at both ends with the front portion being somewhat bulbous and slightly larger than the rear.  Two long wings came out from the sides, under the aircraft, and did not appear to be affixed, but gave the impression that they were part of the fuselage as if the whole thing were built as one.  The wings were chopped off at the ends, similar to what was on the old X-15 experimental aircraft, except that they were longer.  The craft had no markings and no markings.  What struck us odd was that it had no tail or landing gear of any sort.  It just remained motionless and hung there.  It did not sway or move in anyway and gave off no noise or light.   It was a sunny and perfect day weather-wise.  We watched the craft through the front and side windows of the car for about 30 or more seconds.  Just as we took our eyes off of it to make a right into Southern Maryland Hospital so that we could get out to get a better look, it simply vanished without a trace.  Traffic was heavy and we have no idea of anyone else saw what we saw.  We could not agree on what it was.  It was in what would have been the flight path for Andrews AFB, and felt that the thing was probably heading there.  However, the fact that it did not move or fly in anyway, had no tail or landing gear was highly strange.  It looked out of place and did not appear to be any sort of aircraft that we were familiar with.;38.7519;-76.9092
