A small fluttering light in the sky.;2019-07-24 22:30:00;5 minutes;A small fluttering light in the sky. I want to apologize for not remembering the precise date, but I know it was a Wednesday night around 2230 or so as the early local news was over.  I had forgotten to take the garbage to the road after dinner so before bed got the vans out by the road. There was no moon and it was a clear night.  I was walking back towards the house.  Normal night sounds when suddenly there was a glow in my immediate area.  Probably about 10 feet across as bright as the full moon.  I've had 707s pass directly over head at 3000 ft turn their landing lights on which was similar but there was utterly no engine noise.  None.   So I spun around and looked up as that seemed to be the direction it came from.  This put me looking roughly sse.  At about a 45 to 50 degree angle from the horizon there was a really bright light, kinda blipping around.  I saw no blinking anti collision lights.  No wing position indicator lights.  Just a single bright white light that was not painful to look at.  It was about the size of a pea held at arm's length.  Solid white.  Fluttering in a area about palm sized for about a minute.   Then it turned in place and shot off to the sse at an incredible speed.  We are talking one second it was there and within a beat or two it was a dim dot on the horizon.  No noise at anytime. No sonic boom (I've heard those) no afterburner kawoosh (heard those too). Nothing.  Although a few seconds later I heard a fighter craft coming out of the nnw.  Which from my home is the rough heading towards wright pat.  It was twin engine and booking it.  Not afterburner level but could tell he was not just out for a cruise.  He was going the same heading as the unknown.  He had a single red anti collision light and I could see the glow of his engines as he passed.  Definitely heard the rumble roar of his jets too.            So that happened in July of this year.  It was a Wednesday.  But I forgot to note which Wednesday.  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.2078999999998;-83.8019999999997
