Spherical flashing lights, hovering in the northwestern sky, no sound.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of celestial body??  PD));2010-01-04 05:28:00;abt 1 hour;Spherical flashing lights, hovering in the northwestern sky, no sound I woke up at 5.28 a.m.  and went to look out the windows on the western side of my house, as I have seen lights in the western sky before.  There was a spherical light in the northwestern sky.  It had FLASHING lights of white, green, red, NOT STROBE LIGHTS as on a plane.  The object stayed in the same spot and hovered around for nearly an hour and then moved off slowly to the north.  I thought maybe it was some kind of balloon, but we have been having 30-40 mph winds here for two days, so don’t think that’s it.  As it moved north it did not disappear on the horizon, just got smaller.  Then it changed shape and took on an elongated, cigar shape, with white lights flashing all around it, and blue/green lights flashing on one end.  Directly to the west, as this was hovering, there was another light, hovering, not as close, flashing more red.  I shined a flashlight in the direction of this one, looked away, then looked back and the red light was gone. We see a lot of airline and military air traffic where we are.  I saw planes go by as I watched these objects.  The objects looked to be much lower than the airplanes. I saw this same object, the spherical flashing, in October of 2008.  A couple of weeks before Christmas 2009, I saw this object early in the morning, around 5 a.m., only in the southwestern sky.  It seemed to flash a white light on the ground like a camera flash.  It was brighter that time (maybe closer?), hovered, then moved off to the west/southwest (NOT over the horizon) and disappeared. My husband is a commercial pilot.  I have flown in commercial jets and Cessnas, seen them take off and land, been around them for 20 years.  This object does not behave like an airplane or have lights like one.  We live near a menhaden fish processing factory, which is right off the Chesapeake Bay.  I wonder if it is something maybe monitoring the pollution at the factory? ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of celestial body??  PD));37.8554;-76.2852
