Bright sphere seen two nights in a row moving across the sky!;2013-08-05 22:00:00;7 minutes;Bright sphere seen two nights in a row moving across the sky! Monday evening my son and I were outside walking the dog. We both noticed a stationary sphere of light that looked like a bright star. We saw a flash come from the sphere and it started to move. I took a video but it did not come out very good at all. However I got a couple of still pictures that did come out Pretty good.  I was using an iPhone so the quality is not great but With a photo APP I was able to play with the light source and get a different Look at it.  I have no idea what I am looking at though. There was also an object that came out of the side of it and did a short loop around and then back into the sphere.   It took off slowly and silently but flashed out in what seemed like an instant. It was amazing to say the least.  We see a lot of strange things here on Cape Cod. 08/06/13 It is now Tuesday evening.  My son and I have been looking up to the sky since it got dark. To our amazement it happened again.  At 9:05pm tonite we were looking at a stationary star. After what we saw last night we were looking again up at the sky. My son said: Dad that star is bright huh!  I said yes but it's only a star and not what we saw last night. I was convinced I was right. As we looked at it, it flashed like a flash bulb 3 times just like last night and it started to move east to west across the sky. I tried my best to get a picture of it tonight but I couldn't get my phone out quick enough.  It started moving slowly but then shot away at an unbelievable rate of speed. Two nights in a row we have seen this anomaly.  It didn't travel in a straight line but rather a zig zag pattern as it moved slowly.  When it took off both times it just moved so fast it looked like it flashed out. We are excited, a little freaked out but after seeing this twice I had to tell someone. A few years back we saw something very weird and I sent my video to Mufon but they told me there was nothing on my video. There was and it was very detailed but I never heard from them again. This is no joke, the night sky along the waters of Cape Cod are filled with many strange things.  If I had the time and the right equipment my pictures would be better I'm sorry. Well, that's it, I swear on my life and to God and family that Every word I have written is exactly the truth.  My son is not a child, He is 28 yrs old and I am a 57 year old grandfather. It's very hard to tell people what you've seen but I know that you will not think we are crazy. I assure you that I am telling you the absolute truth. Thank you.  I know you don't want my name but if you want to contact me you can email me at ((e-address deleted)) Thank you for all you do.;41.6703;-70.4163
