Bright white sphere above Cape Cod.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sightings of ISS??  PD));2013-08-20 21:06:00;4 minutes;Bright white sphere above Cape Cod I reported the exact same event a few weeks ago where the event took place Two nights in a row.  Again tonite while outside with my 28 yr old son we were looking up at the sky, prompted by a bright white sphere that was traveling very slowly.  At first it was going so slow we had to decide if it was possibly a stationary object. Upon making that statement to my son the sphere stated to move again, it was moving much faster and as we followed it with our eyes it got smaller and smaller and then just flashed out. It accelerated so quickly it just looked like it was getting smaller until there was nothing to see. This object has been seen 3 times and this is my third time reporting it. There is no doubt about one fact, it was not a plane, nor was it a helicopter. We live very close to an Air Force base and can recognize most Airial objects for what they are. This was a totally silent sighting as were the other two sightings I reported to you with attached photos. Something is going on in the skies above Cape Cod. I hope this report finds its way to you okay. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sightings of ISS??  PD));41.6703;-70.4163
I have once again seen the same craft again in the skies above Cape Cod, Ma.;2013-08-23 08:20:00;2 minutes;I have once again seen the same craft again in the skies above Cape Cod, Ma. This will be my 4th report of seeing the same object. I have sent in 3 prior reports on the same object in the last 5 weeks. Once again while outside with my adult son, we again saw a sphere like craft with its perimeter lit up brightly.  It was heading southwest at an altitude of @ 1 mile High. It is without doubt, the same craft or the same kind of craft that I have reported to your page. It was stopped motionless in the sky, I took a photograph with flash of the sphere and tonite it proceeded to move off from its position.  It moved at a very fair speed, unlike any craft that I am aware of. Tonite it moved rather irratically compared to the other 3 sightings I reported. It made some impossible movements and then took off at a speed that is impossible for any traditional type of aircraft.  The sighting only lasted @2minutes and was gone in no time. It shot across the horizon in a blink heading southwest. As I have reported in the past, something is going on here on Cape Cod  And I have spoken to several people that saw the same thing so at least we know that it is unique and that my son and I are not going crazy.  It made absolutely no sound whatsoever on any of the past and most recent sighting. Thank you;41.6703;-70.4163
