circular craft hovered emitting green and red.;1994-04-01 22:00:00;5-7 Minutes;circular craft hovered emitting green and red. About 10 years ago. I was inside my house with my mother and five siblings. When all of a sudden a loud humming started to vibrate the house. My older sister was the first to go outside to see what it was. She said she saw a disc shaped object over the top of the trees. The object was NOT emitting any light at the time. All you can see was the outline of the object over the night sky. After a quick glance my sister runs inside with the news. My mother then lets us all go to see it. We head out the back door to notice that it moved to the side of the house. This time it was emitting a green and red color. It just hovered there at the same altitude for about 5 minutes. (this is where the classic thing happens) my mother goes inside to find the video camera but couldn't find it. And was to afraid to take to long and that she would miss the object.) After the five minutes past of just hovering there it headed off over the house to exit going 20 to 25 miles an hour immediately followed by three jet fighters aligned in a v formation. When we went inside my mother called the police. Before my mom could finish her description of what happened the officer on the line said, that the lines were flooding but everythings alright the Air Force called and said that they were doing a test. At the time my mother and all of us completely bought the reason the officer gave us. Ten years later all of a sudden the memory of the event flooded back. what came back to me was that i saw a object above the tree line emitting colors for about five minutes. That is all I remember. After gaining this memory back i asked my mother and sisters about this event. and thats how i got the whole story together and the first time the shape of the object was put into play. My two sisters rememeber a circlular object while my mother remembers a circlular object with a sort of square piece at the back. When I first heard them tell me the shape since it faded from my memory i was surprised that they didn't think it was wierd ! sounding. They replied that it was the Air Force doing a test. When i told them that no U.S plane was circular and could not hover they just said really. At first I thought they were just trying to pull my leg. But after a few questions I realized that they really had no idea how planes work and the great importance of basic aerospace dynamics. They really thought a plane could be any shape. Thats why they sucked up the Airforce's Reason. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.2846;-73.8904000000001
