I saw four silver colored( like when the sun shines on an airplane) capsuale shaped objects that were traveling east to west, very fast;1997-07-15 19:00:00;5 minutes;I saw four silver colored( like when the sun shines on an airplane) capsuale shaped objects that were traveling east to west, very fast. They were traveling in a capsuale sitting vertical position as they moved from east to west. They evetually disappeared into the western horizon. Nothing Real dramatic in there apperance or movement other than they were moving very fast, and they were defintely not airplanes. First I saw one capsuale shaped object. It was silver color, like when the sun shines on an airplane. It was traveling from east to west. What really caught my attention was that this capsuale shaped object was traveling east to west with this capsuale shape positioned verticle. I was walking to my vehicle where my friend was waiting, still watching as I walked to my vehicle. My friend and I proceeded to watch and have a discussion about this object, and the possibilities of what it might be when I got in my vehicle. Meanwhile it had traveled closer to the horizon. Suddenly there where two more of same objects that are eyes had now been drawn too. They were almost at the edege of the horizon. They were traveling even with each other side by side. They were also traveling east to west like the first one. Which was sitll traveling in same direction towards the other 2 in the western horizin. They were all traveling very fast .What we both saw next Immediately Eliminated alot of the possibilities of what we thought these objects might be. It was another capsuale shaped object dropping straight down into our atmosphere. The reason I can say this with confidence is that it was sparking, and it was red hot in color. It appeared to then just stop moveing momentarilly. It cooled quickly as I saw it change color from this red hot look to the silver color like the other three. Once it changed to this silver color it started moving east to west in same direction as the other 3 objects. Same speed very fast in a straight east to west direction. We watched them all move straight from the east into the western horizon untill we lost site of all four as they dissapeared into horizin. I am a Tool and die maker. My friend is a printer. Im still currious as to what they might have been. They where definitely not airplanes.;44.847037735849;-93.4418572327043
Comet-like object flying across sky;2011-12-25 02:00:00;2-3 seconds;Comet- like object flying across sky My son and I were stargazing and talking about our spiritual experiences and the meaning of Christmas. It was a clear, cloudless, moonless night. As we faced the west (with the big dipper behind us) both of us saw what at first seemed to be a slowly falling star coming from behind us moving slightly NW. But as it travelled in front of us, we could see it was flying, not falling, across the sky toward the horizon, from a higher altitude to a lower altitude (eg: cruising altitude to incoming altitude).  It was a round ball of white light followed by a tail (it was not connected to the light).  The tail had blue tint and was very long, appearing like a vapor.  The tail was the width of the light at the beginning and gradually fanned out about three times the width. It looked like a comet would look if my son and I were in outer space observing it from approx 1- 2 miles away. It made no sound, but both of us felt as if we heard something.  At the same time, we both admitted that we felt what we heard, as if it came from within us - my son articulated it best saying it was the energy of what we saw that affected our senses.  To me it felt/sounded like a whoosh. To my son, he sensed a rumbling.  The light and the tails intensified as it flew, seeming to glow. It did not fade or fall. It simply disappeared;44.847037735849;-93.4418572327043
