((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch at 2055 hrs (EDT).  PD))  firework-looking light(s) changes shape 4 times over ocean;2005-04-29 20:55:00;4 min.;firework-looking light(s) changes shape 4 times over ocean walking along the beach just after sunset, headed east, I looked to my right out over the ocean and saw what at first appeared to be a gigantic firework soaring, pre-explosion.  It kept going and going.  I thought, well, I've seen a green one similar to this and heard it was a meteor, so what is it...?  A meteor?  (my 1st thought...)  A missile?  A bomb?  The G-8 summit was held here last summer and the FLETC headquarters are located on the mainland, in Brunswick.  I shouted to a single guy nearby, DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT THAT IS?!!  He looked at my tennis ball, as if to decipher it.  No, THAT!  I pointed.  It then appeared to separate and he called it a plane.  Um, I've never seen a plane that looks like THAT before, I said.   In foreign-accented English, he said, Maybe it is an army plane it looks very big!  By this time it had stretched into 3 much dimmer lights, with one at the head, like a triangular shape, but they were all still moving in the same direction.  We stood there in wonder and I said I was going home to look on the internet for info.  As I continued to watch it while walking away, I noticed it was now one larger glowing light moving slowly through the sky.  I was most amazed at the image of the air-patterns around it.  I wish I could draw it for you, but it was like there was an energy being generated and cut, symmetrically both above and below the object that was similar to an angel fish.  Then there was a flash that was literally like an explosion.  I thought, well, there's the 'fireworks' part.  It did look very much like a small, now GREEN AND PURPLE firework that sent another circular emission of semi-lit air.  I cried out, What?!  WHAT?!!?  It then returned to 2 faint lights that kept travelling in the same direction farther and farther away.  I got in my car and drove off. ((NUFORC Note:  We assume that the witness describes above the launch of a Titan IV missile out of Cape Canaveral, which occurred at 20:55 hrs. (Eastern) on this date.  The missile apparently was launched to the northeast, so it was visible along the eastern shoreline of the U. S..  PD));31.2294;-81.349
