I saw a series of bright flashing lights hovering in one place over the trees on the horizon.;2010-06-09 21:20:00;5-10 minutes;I saw a series of bright flashing lights hovering in one place over the trees on the horizon. We were on our dock that extends over the creek that is behind our house at around 9:20 PM when my mom and myself saw a series of bright lights hovering over the trees in the direction of the South horizon.  What we saw was a series of lights flashing one by one in a line which would disappear after one or two series of flashes only to reappear at a different location from where we last saw it. Also for each of the series of flashing lights, whatever the lights were attached to was distinctly hovering in one place.   There was no tracking light that all planes and helicopters have.  After about six or seven times of it reappearing and disappearing, it finally disappeared behind the trees.   The night sky was clear to the point where all of the stars were visible.  In fact, in a different part of the sky a plane was also visible which provided a point of comparison.  The plane seemed to be significantly smaller and the only light it was giving off was the flashing tracking light on the belly of the fuselage.  The series of lights given off by the UFO, while far away, were especially bright.   I have been a UFO skeptic for my entire life, but after racking my brain for a full day I cannot come up with an explanation for any current aircraft that behaves like what we saw last night.;31.2294;-81.349
Number of craft seen : none. appeared to be a horizontal string of orange flares. there was nothing further up in the sky, and nothing.;2015-08-18 20:30:00;2-4 seconds;Number of craft seen: none.  appeared to be a horizontal string of orange flares.  there was nothing further up in the sky, and nothing triangular. 	   I was flying my aircraft to maintain night currency, on left base to runway 7 at KBQK, the Brunswick airport. this would have put me on a course of 160.  Toward the ocean, at an altitude that appeared to be at about my altitude, 800 to 1000 feet, I saw a string of what appeared to be orange flares, in a mostly horizontal alignment, proceeding left to right, north to south, roughly along the beach or slightly off shore.  I asked another aircraft if he had seen that, which he had not.  I continued my night currency flights.   The fire station asked if I had seen anything, and I responded that I had.  They asked if I would fly over and take a look, which I did.  I did not see anything else besides three or four fishing boats.   The moon was several days past full.  The sky was partly clear to the east, but thick, with thunderstorms to the north, north west, and south west.  There was significant lightning.;31.2294;-81.349
