bright white light;2007-08-02 20:00:00;minutes;I wasnt going to say anything .. but I saw the post for cottonwood arizona, so I thought I'd mention. My family and I were leaving A Cowboy Bar-B-Q show and I saw a bright object out my window (passenger side). I could not identify it as anything I have seen before so I mentioned to my sons and my husband .. he pulled over and stopped to look at it. It was a bright white light, nothing else was visable around it and there werent any additional lights like you see on an airplane or helicoptor. It did travel at a consistant rate of speed in a liner path. Imagine your watching the night sky and see a satellite ,, it was like that only much closer to the ground and far far brighter. anyway ,, we have never seen anything like this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.706;-112.0049
Glowing Red & White Yellow Fireball, Light panned back and forth;2011-07-04 20:30:00;2 or 3 min.;Glowing Red & White Yellow Fireball, Light panned back and forth My boyfriend & I were around 14th St. & Cherry St. in Cottonwood AZ. in the middle of an empty desert lot, surrounded by small Mesquite trees.  Beautiful thunder and lightening was all around.  We saw a couple of warm up Fireworks. Then we saw one, that looked like a warm up Firework, Chinese Lantern style I suppose, it seemed to rise and come forward and I thought it was a large Firework Ember coming toward the field we were in.   Then I said OMG that is a huge FIREBALL with a white center and red around it My boyfriend said the center was yellow, I thought it was white.., then I said Wait no, it's a huge Meteor!!!   I was watching to see where it was going to land.  But then it changed from moving to the right of us, to slightly turning and lowering coming East toward us!!!   My boyfriend got out of his lawn chair, and I was trying to figure out which way we should run, and how in the world we could dodge this large METEOR in time!   Right at the state of Uh Oh...it then pulled up and started to fly over head.  NO SOUND!   It looked like the red light on it was panning left to right, the whole thing moved left and right, NO BLINKING, just panning.   I ran for my binoculars in the car, and still all I could see was bright light.  Then it faded into the distance… We talked about it for HOURS trying to figure it out! Was hoping to find someone else who saw this too... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  We do not know whether the sighting occurred at night, or in the morning.  The source indicates a time of 08:30 a.m., although we suspect that the sighting was at 20:30 hrs.  PD));34.706;-112.0049
During the night of September 7th my coworkers and I were outside we noticed a huge red circular light above mingus mountain.at first w;2019-09-07 00:00:00;9 hours;During the night of September 7th, my coworkers and I were outside, we noticed a huge red circular light above mingus mountain.  at first we thought it was a planet but as the night went on we noticed movement and hovering then it would go out this continued through the night off and on.   Then we thought maybe it was a vehicles, but as our videos show this light leaves the ground and hovers and goes from side to side, up and down then gets very bright as if searching.the activity continued till 3am the next morning.;34.706;-112.0049
Multiple orbs crossing sky at the same speed never passing one another.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-17 20:00:00;10 minutes;Facing west towards Mingus mountain, located coming out of the Orion constellation heading approx north passing by Venus as it sets.  Multiple orbs crossing sky at the same speed never passing one another scattered through a small angle of the sky passing horizontally into clouds to north.  Not blinking, looking like satellite altitude. No sign of atmosphere entry, as if already in atmosphere. Quantity started very high with as many as 10 at once, has decreased now over 25min to one or two ever few minutes.;34.706;-112.0049
