Disc with amber lights seen near Verde River. Disc was accompanied by other unidentified objects.;1997-06-19 20:30:00;30 minutes;Disc with amber lights seen near Verde River. Disc was accompanied by other unidentified objects. Disc shaped object passed over Verde River bed going NE to W. It had amber colored lights on the bottom (witness drawing indicates 4 lights). A second sighting occurred on June 20, 1997 at approximately 1:00 a.m. in the morning, passing in front and over the witness' house. The object sparkled like adiamond.  Other witnesses to the June 19 sighting: Two neighbors, both retired military, observed the disc. They full moon revealed that the disc appeared to be made of some type of metal. Windows on craft were dark. Other smaller objects seen blinking red and white (alternating). A large iridescent red 'orb' object went across Mingus Mountain, which was also accompanied by the small objects with the red and white lights. Red 'orb' object went over the mountain and then popped back up again. The objects appeared to be playing with each other.;34.706;-112.0049
Suacer and secondary object over Cottonwood Arizona (verde valley) chased by Jets;1997-07-15 14:00:00;15 min;Suacer and secondary object over Cottonwood Arizona (verde valley) chased by Jets My son and daughter came in tho the house, asking me to come outside and look at this shiny thing in the sky.  I went outside and they pointed south-east and I say an object appoximately 3/4 to 1 mile away, stationary and about less than a 1000 ft up.  I told the kids I don't now what it is, but I continued to observe it.  I noticed that it was rotating because the sun was glinting off it despite the clouds in the sky.  As I watched it I couldn't believe what I was seeing, another object this one round looked like a metallic ball, decended from the bottom of the stationary object.  The size of this object was one tenth the size of the other.  The round object then procceded to fly in our direction (west), staying at the same altitude. The speed was incrediably high, I cranned my neck to keep my sight on the object, I watched it fly overhead until it disappeared over the trees behind us, this took only a few seconds and it was gone.  I then watched the original object for a few seconds more, the it slowly moved in a northern direction dissapearing into the clouds.  Still trying to located it, I then noticed two fighter jets, I couldn't see the markings.  The jets were flying at a high rate of speed, chasing the object. I watched them till they disapeared into the clouds also.  My children asked me, what was that thing, my respose was I don't know.  I went in and told my wife this same incredable story, and have not forgot the details.   To this day I tell anyone who listen, They always ask was it a flying saucer, my response is always the same, I don't know what it was  I have always been a non beleiver in flying Suacers and I am still a non believer today. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));34.706;-112.0049
flew from East to West in straight line, flat circular object with dim white lights   around edges. Seem to become brighter and then va;2020-04-28 20:45:00;5 seconds;flew from East to West in straight line, flat circular object with dim white lights around edges.  Seem to become brighter and then vanished.  Appeared larger than commercial jet. Had no sound.  Very fast,visible for only 5 seconds.  Had no trail.;34.706;-112.0049
