My wife alerted me to a strange light in the sky. A ufo I was indoors - I replied  Oh yea...hmmShe insisted I com and take a look.L;1997-05-13 22:30:00;45min;Summary : My wife alerted me to a strange light in the sky. A ufo I was indoors - I replied  Oh yea...hmmShe insisted I com and take a look.Looking north, north west slightly, a very bright objectmoved in a somewhat eratic manner. Occasionally moving from left to right very quickly.My wife said that it one point had a bright tailextending from it.I did not see this feature. It did shange in color from white to orange.At one point it suddenly dropped out of sightstraight down.I went to the front yard to have another look.at this point I saw the object much higher in the sky. Slowly moving north and slightly west.I drove to a location with less light obstruction - within 5 min it had moved rather far away. Traveling north and slightly west. My guess in the direction of Ashfork or even Kingman. There was a 2nd object traveling in the same direction as well.When we first spotted it it seemed to nr VERY close to us.The eratic motion, change in intensity, ruled out an aircraft.Last spotted around 23:15 hours headed north north west as I said.Shape: oval in nature.Color: white changing to orange then staying orange.As it traveled toward the north looked like smaller sattelite objects assosiated with it at times. Was hard to tell.See See above.;34.706;-112.0049
MYSTERIOUS LIGHT over southern portion of MINGUS MT;2012-01-06 23:00:00;half hour;MYSTERIOUS LIGHT over southern portion of MINGUS MT Can anyone explain the red & green light that appears to be above the southern portion of Mingus MT, probably between Cottonwood and Camp Verde AZ?   I have seen this on many numerous occasions.  It is probably nightly.  It seems to stay in one spot but moves so slowly you can not detect movement.  It is not from a tower due to the movement.  It appears to be too bright to be a star, so low to the horizon and also there are no stars in the vicinity minutes before it appears.  It is always around the same time but a few months ago it was a couple of hours later.  It cant be car lights because it is actually above the rim of the mountain.  I have never seen it come in.  One minute its not there and the next it is there.  It seems to move very very slowly and then the mountain is in the way of my view.;34.706;-112.0049
Red, white blue flashing lights;2013-10-21 00:30:00;7 minutes;Red, white blue flashing lights Last night I think I saw my fist UFO.  I drew a photo of it as I did not take a photo, just too stunned i guess. It was there a good 7 mins. I live in Cottonwood AZ, it was towards Sedona area.  What caught my eye was the red, white and blue flashing lights in the sky at first, then I saw 3 lights in the middle that looked like stars but a perfect straight line right in the middle and in the front, or may back an amber light.   It stayed stationary the whole time then just faded, did not move sideways, forward or backwards, just gone!  It was a clear night.  This thing was huge.  About the size of 20 plane spans, hard to say, but huge.  My attachment is my terrible drawing of what I saw.  I would love to know if anybody else reported anything on 10/21/13, I don't know what time it was, around 12, 1:30 am. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Thank you for the phone call, it was about 7 minutes long and then just the lights just went out/vanished. I heard no noise but I am hard of hearing. There were no stars in the sky but it was a full moon.  From tip of red blue red flashing lights to other tips of red, blue red flashing lights I would say you could fit 6 moons in that space. The lights themselves were small, red white and blue, were fingertip size.  The amber light was a little larger thumb size.  The 3 white lights, middle one bigger same size as amber light top and bottom not as bright.  At first I thought it was Orion, but I sit outside every night and there were no visible stars anywhere, also these lights were brighter.  All lights went out at the same time. Very strange experience.  ((END ADDENDUM));34.706;-112.0049
Extremely bright lights (2) fluctuating downward, and 5 + times brighter than an plane (AND SILENT).  Low Level Flight pattern.;2014-11-03 20:00:00;3 minutes;Extremely bright lights (2) fluctuating downward, and 5 + times brighter than an plane (AND SILENT).  Low Level Flight pattern. I first notices a VERY bright light coming out of the South and proceeding more or less due North.  Its lights were intense to say the very least.  I have been around aircraft for many years in the USAF so I know what landing lights look like and the intensity of even the largest airplane.  This had to be 5 times as bright (or brighter).  Additionally, the lights were 2 seemingly separate but ? attached ? lights shining straight down. The leading light was the largest and the trailing attached light was 50% (plus) as bright.  It seemed to be having trouble turning its lights of as they were fluctuating together but randomly.  I perceived that fact only because I could think of no other reason for such random fluctuations. As it came overhead I noted that it was so low that it was in the region where local single engine aircraft would fly and NOT where Passenger/Military aircraft fly in our area. As it passed overhead I heard absolutely NOTHING, not anything.  Total and complete silence. It lit up my yard and everything within a mile or more so that I could clearly see my dog who was in the back yard with me.  It was casting so much light that I could distinctly see the shadows of my fence, my dog, and the house.  Not distinctly but notably casting a perceivable shadow. The light itself was PURE white and there were no flashing lights (running light) with which I am extremely aware of due to being around airplanes of all kinds (including stealth). It continues STRAIGHT north and eventually either disappeared over the mountains to the north of us or was able to extinguish its lights. To indicate my professional credentials.  I worked on the NASA Space Station Design Team (Technical Staff - Computers and such.  I have been to most NASA sites stateside but not all.  I also worked for U of Colo CASA/NASA research team and built the guidance system and wiring harnesses for 2 research rockets which were trying to locate the center of the universe. One rocket was fired from White Sands Proving Ground and the second was fired from Woomera Australia (NASA).  It failed to release one stabilization chain and the rocket tilted and was quickly over ridden by staff to re-fire the explosive to release the chain.  It flew toward Adelaide and crashed just on the outskirts.  It never got into space to finish its mission. NASA took over from there and I have never heard back from anyone but understand that they did determine that the NASA mission did confirm the land coordinate as well as the White Sands data.  The center of the universe is just beneath the Eye of Horus.  (Where the Gods watch man, from according to the Egyptians. I spend 1 -3 hours star gazing at night on more than 9 out of 10 nights and can spot all kinds of satellites and aircraft and can distinguish the difference easily. THIS ONE I CANNOT EXPLAIN. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));34.706;-112.0049
At approx 6:15 am I was getting off work when I witnessed a large orange light going very fast in Northern direction by verde valley me;2020-11-11 06:15:00;15 minutes;At approx 6:15 am I was getting off work when I witnessed a large orange light going very fast in Northern direction by verde valley medical center,  It stopped and split in two then hovered and then slowly started moving back south.  The other light that split from it continued north and disappeared.  I dont even know what the heck I just saw.  No aircraft that im aware of makes no noise going at high rate of speed and stops on a dime and splits in two then goes the opposite direction it was going.  Totally baffled.;34.706;-112.0049
The past 3 nights my husband and I have seen between an orange to a red glow light that appears moving erratically then disappears and;2021-04-30 19:42:00;3 days in a row about 1 m;The past 3 nights my husband and I have seen between an orange to a red glow light that appears moving erratically then disappears and reappears again this has all been at the same time at night 9:42pm mountain standard time. It moves fast stops then Slowly moves only to start blinking as it descents down and disappears then reappears in erratic movements almost as if it had landed and took off. Tonight May 2nd was a different story we saw the red lights again at 9:42pm due the routine. At 11:15pm mst we noticed a very bright white light off into the distance moving erratically the weird thing was there were vehicle light off to the distance from where these lights where. The strange thing about this the two vehicle lights turned into what appeared to be 4 vehicles that disappeared. There aren't any thing that would mask the vehicle lights they were lined up in a straight row almost as if the tail lights were pointed in our direction in which cas! e would be impossible for it was on a road not a parking lot. I believe this was an aircraft. This was not caught on tape as it wasn't picked up by cell phone video camera. My husband did say that for a brief time his video did see facial recognition.;34.706;-112.0049
