Triangular object, surrounded by very dim lights, moving fast and low.  Very hot and silent.;1999-06-01 22:00:00;20 seconds;Triangular object, surrounded by very dim lights, moving fast and low.  Very hot and silent. I was letting my dogs outside and looking up (as usual) I saw a triangular shape moving amungst the stars.  It was blacker than the night sky but it was completly surrounded by tiny, white lites that were VERY dim.  If the object was not moving, it would have blended right in with the surrounding stars and wouldn't have been seen.  It made no noise and was moving fast.  It was also giving off waves as though the actual object was very hot.  I would have put it at about 2,000 ft.  Being a fighter jet freak, I began to rule out all possible known aircraft.  I WOULD LOVE TO HEAR OF ANY OTHER SIGHTINGS OF THIS UFO. I called the local paper and they didn't report any other sightings. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD));39.4850999999999;-75.6794000000001
Saw a craft with bright lights, watched it, saw it do an ABOUT FACE in midair and come straight back the same path it had been taking;2003-04-20 01:00:00;about 3-8 minutes;Saw a craft with bright lights, watched it, saw it do an ABOUT FACE in midair and come straight back the same path it had been taking A friend and I were coming home from the movies southbound on RT. 13.  As we got closer to Odessa, DE, I noticed a really bright light in the sky, over in the distance, not too far above the tree line.  At first I payed little attention becuase i thought maybe it was a C-5 doing manuevers, which isn't uncommon around here.  I just thought it had it's gear down with the landing lights on.  After I looked at it again, and realized it had barely moved, I started watching it closer, and I said to my friend, Damn that's a bright light, that's when he started looking.  I still figured it was probably a C-5, but i watched it anyway.  As we came to a part of the road where it dipped down a bit, I noticed that the trees were about to come in the line of sight, and I expected to lose track of it, instead, i could see the light THROUGH the trees still.  I said Damn dude, I can see it through the trees, and he said something along the lines of Wow, that really is bright.  As we cleared the trees, we noticed it was getting closer torward us and RT. 13, but the light was just as bright.  As it came what looked to be lined up with RT.13, it started going parallel to the road,  and if I remember right, the light was just as bright as he started to head away from us to the south.  We came up to a red light, so we stopped, both still watching it as it turned around...but not like a normal plane, not even like a AV-8 Harrier could, it did a complete about face and came back torward us northbound in the SAME flight path as it had gone south in.  I've NEVER seen any aircraft do this with the exception of a helicopter, and I'm a huge flight buff since the age of about 4, and I was in and Air Force Auxillary.  When it happened, after I could finally break my attention away from the craft, I looked at my friend to see him already staring at me in disbelief, and at the same time, we both said Did you see that?.  My friend and I both could not believe what we just saw...even when the light turned green, we! still sat there and watched it, and as it got closer, it was obvious that it was going to come directly over head, so I got out. The craft had roughly about 4 to 6 BRIGHT white lights, and they were formed a triangle shape, and really resembled that of the leading eadge of a large plane.  I couldn't make out the shape of the actual craft because of the lights.  The thing that baffled me was as it got closer and closer, I heard no noise, I even told my friend to turn the car off, which he did, and even as it passed, the only sound we heard was a very low, kind of hum, NOTHING like that of an aircraft engine, prop, turbo-prop, or jet.  As I looked at it...it was really hard to judge distance, it looked like it was both big, and high above, yet at the same time, it looked small and really close to the ground.  Neither of us said anything to anyone, yet 3 days later, while I was in class in school, a friend of mine said she and a friend saw a UFO a few weeks before, and that it had really bright white lights, and it was also near RT.13, I just got goosebumps.  I was just speaking to the friend that was with me about it, and he said someone he spoke to saw the same thing, on the same night, but he's not sure who it was.;39.4850999999999;-75.6794000000001
