Unexplainable Sighting in Lebanon Ohio;2009-07-18 21:40:00;120 SECONDS;Unexplainable Sighting in Lebanon Ohio   ((name deleted)) At 9:40 p.m. myself, wife and 2 guests were on the back deck at my home.  We saw 4 bright WHITE lights hanging in the sky NW of our home in the distance.   They were equally spaced in a horizontal formation tilted up from bottom left to top right.  The lights faded in and out several times.  They also circled around one another several times, before going back into a horizontal line formation.  At one point they all came together in a focused point.  They fanned back out into the horizontal slanted formation.  Then, as though you were shutting off the lights, they disappeared one after another.  The height of the lights was a ½ a story above the sight line of the closest home, approximately 200 yds. away.  I’m not a UFO believer, but I can’t think of any rational explanation for what I saw.  Cloud cover is extremely low at ~1000 feet.  Of note, the Dayton air show IS in town and toward that direction, BUT the ended today at 5:00 p.m.   Amanda I noticed 4 bright lights in a line.  They remained in a line approximately 15-30 seconds after I first noticed them.  I was looking North/Northwest from the deck that is approximately 12’ off of the ground (ground is elevated from a pond).  I noticed the lights begin to move and seemed to orbit around one another when I mentioned that to my friends.  The lights began rotating around and additionally, starting to move in a non-linear pattern.  The lights started flashing.  Specifically, the farthest light from the front and/or on the right began flashing on and off.  This lasted approximately 1 minute.  The lights moved further west and then they began to flash on and off in sequence each one time on and then off.  At the very end, the lights flashed off, one light at a time until all the lights were off.  The lights were bright and resembled a street light without the aura around it.     My name is Cheri F and I live in Lebanon, OH. I was sitting on my back deck tonight (Sat, July 18) when we noticed 4 odd lights in the distance, northwest of our house. They were the strangest things I’ve ever seen. When we first saw them, I ran inside and grabbed the camera to take video. They seemed to move in a snake-like formation. One would fade away and then reappear on the other end. I’ve been to numerous air shows and come from a history of air force veterans/pilots and these didn’t move like anything I’ve ever seen before. They kind of floated/hovered but seemed to move very fast when they did move. They didn’t twinkle or flash, they were just solid orbs of light. There definitely seemed to be a “leader” among the lights. We watched as they moved into the distance, converged into one, broke back out and then disappeared one at a time like lights switching off.  RJ S On the evening of July 18th, I was at my friend Andy’s house in Lebanon, Ohio.  I was on Andy’s deck with him and his wife Cheryl and my girlfriend Amanda.  Amanda noticed something in the sky and directed our attention to it.  At first glance, it appeared to be airplanes.  I know that the Dayton, OH air show was today, so I assumed that it was just some planes from that event.  However, upon further observation it didn’t appear to be like any plane or formation I had ever seen.  There were four “planes,” each having one bright white-ish light (pretty sure that most planes have lights on both wing and the tail).  They traveled in an “S” formation in a North-Northwest direction, with the back “4th” plane’s light slowing dimming to “off” and then turning back on.  The “planes” were traveling faster than typical planes and seemed to be flying low in the air – there have been a lot of clouds in the sky today and the planes were well below the clouds.  As the planes flew away, the first plane’s light disappeared, then the lights from the second, third and finally fourth.  They didn’t turn back on after this point – as if the planes just disappeared.  I observed the planes for probably 2-2:30 minutes before they disappeared.;39.4272000000001;-84.1664
i seen a light in the sky that looked like a star. the light started to move and then all of the sudden it was gone. i thought it was a;2010-09-07 06:45:00;1 min;i seen a light in the sky that looked like a star. the light started to move and then all of the sudden it was gone.  i thought it was a plane at first but there were no flashing lights on it.  it looked like a star that just disappered. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.4272000000001;-84.1664
3 Flaming balls of floating fire.;2013-11-03 21:00:00;3 minutes;3 Flaming balls of floating fire. We were driving in the car when we saw three burning balls of fire.  It seemed as if they were attached by a string (although I saw no string).   The reason that I say this is because they moved together as if there were a common base point.  It looked like orange balls of fire, about 30-40 feet off of the ground and hovering.   The balls of fire were about 75 to 100 yards from where I was, but appeared to be about 8 inches to 1 foot in diameter.  I am sure that they were actually larger than that, based on the distance that I was viewing from.   It was dark at the time that I viewed them.   The image went behind some tree cover and when we came out on the other side it was gone.  I figured that it had consumed itself, but I didn’t actually witness that.;39.4272000000001;-84.1664
Two objects that were green, then red, then green hovering and moving at high rate of speed at times for over an hour.;2020-03-12 06:00:00;1 hour;Two objects that were green, then red, then green hovering and moving at high rate of speed at times for over an hour. Took my dog out at approximately 0600 and noticed two bright green lights to the west of my home.  The lights appeared to be just hovering.  The lights appeared to be several miles from my home and closer to the horizon.  Then one of the lights moved south at a speed faster than any aircraft that I knew towards Cincinnati.  The other light stayed in one position and changed from green to red and then back to green.  Eventually the other light returned and joined the other.  The two lights moved back and forth, changed colors from green to red, and back to green.  At one point one object started to flash, and then stopped.  I watched these objects for over an hour until the sun started to come up and then they vanished.  I videoed them with my cell phone also.;39.4272000000001;-84.1664
