wierd craft hovering over state route 48 in lebanon;2011-02-18 01:00:00;10 minutes;wierd craft hovering over state route 48 in lebanon on my way to school i saw two white lights in the distance. i was confused because i drive that route every day and dont remember those lights on the horizon. did they put up a new radio tower? as i got closer the lights proved to be attached to something. i pulled up to a red light. there was a car next to mine with a man and his teenage son inside. they were both looking up and i saw the man mouth to his son what is that? it was hovering right over the road. it was about the size of a suv. a dark charcoal gray color, it was a wierd shape. almost like a turtle. it had a pointed front end, then coming off the sides were rectangular 'wings' that had the lights i saw from the distence attached to either end. at the back were two smaller pointed protrusions. i dont know how long the craft had been there when i got there or who else mightve seen it. i had to get to school so i slowly drove away.i dont know how long it stayed after i left but it was hovering ov! er state route 48 at the intersection after cook road if youre going towards wal mart. i rolled down my window and it was completely silent;39.4272000000001;-84.1664
Bright white bell shaped craft bursts into yellow and orange flames immediately dissapearing  ....;2013-07-18 00:22:00;1 minute;Bright white bell shaped craft bursts into yellow and orange flames immediately dissapearing  .... at approximately 12:22am 7/18/13 thursday morning myself and 2 other witness,s  observed the strangest occurence any of us have ever seen  ... This occured/observed from lebanon,  ohio  , ... At 12:22am thursday morning we observed a bell shaped object in the sky. ... The object was white  ,,,  it glowed like the moon  ... No navigational lights  ,,, no beacon light  ,,, no engine or rotor sound what so ever  .... The bell shaped objects glow intensified a brilliant white  .... With very little motion  ,,, it made a adgile right turn and dropped altitude dimming just before a very ominious yellow and orange flame appeared engulfing the bell shaped object  .... At this very moment the bright yellow and orange flames and the craft dissapeared  ... Immediately i was checking N.W.S  to check for weather anomallies dew points and cloud cover  .... The 3 of us were very perplexed about what we had witnessed  !!!! Myself ive been in aviation for 8 +years   ..... Out of 54 years of life  ,,, and 4 years US airforce  ,,, and 4 + years civilion aviation   ,,,,  this baffles me  !!!!!  at this point i can only hypothsize at the physics at hand   .... Iam very educated in aviation  .... Ive had and seen / alot  .... I personally knew Neil Armstrong   ,,, I am willing to state for the record  ,,,, this bell shaped craft was not of this world  !!!!  my personal belief is that when the craft burst into flames it was like it was entering a rift or porthole  .... Because the craft and the flames seemed to have been pulled into window so to speak  ,,, and the craft and the flames dissapeared so fast!!!!! ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, on several occasions, and he seemed to us to be unusually sober-minded.  We suspect that he is an excellent witness.  PD));39.4272000000001;-84.1664
