electrical shortage while driving, (1st time to happen while driving) time was in slow motion, calm.. and then electic was restored..;2006-12-15 10:00:00;15 seconds;electrical shortage while driving, (1st time to happen while driving) time was in slow motion, calm.. and then electic was restored.. First a little intro... I consider myself a naturalist, loving, and spiritual creature who doesn't dismiss something just because I'm either unknowledgeable of the material or haven't witnessed it myself. (People love to tell you what you've seen, which is wrong IMO)  At the time of the event it was around 9 o'clock or so at night, and while I was driving down a road (like I normally did for work a million times before) and all of the sudden my car's headlights, interior lights, all lights blacked out for about 15 seconds. (it seemed longer/almost slow motion) I was scared, yet calm all at once.. like I knew I would be alright. I was app.: 3-4 months pregnant at the time it occurred, but everything was fine... (I had to catch my breath once my lights finally turned back on though)  I've told this little story to my husband and he thinks maybe I was abducted and that they were interested in the pregnancy..?? I don't have the answers I'm looking for still...  My beautiful girl is now about to turn 5, but I've had a hard time baring anymore children.  I've had 3 miscarriages since her, last time was twins... I just wonder...seems odd...???   Now, I know some may think it was just a technical glitch with my car, but to this very day I feel like they are communicating with my...  I see a flickering light outside of my window pretty frequently, and I have (for some reason) stronger than normal electrical currents/frequencies via my fingertips...  Also, I hear noised lasting about 5-8 seconds at a time (only occasionally) that sound like radio waves..  Similar to the sound a radio makes while searching for a station, but it's fuzzy... I heard it in both my ears (and I have great hearing) and their was NO radio on... Not to try to make myself feel unique, but I wonder if I'm a star seed???!!!  I talk to them every time I see the flickering bright light outside my door...  It's NOT an airplane…  their is a HUGE difference!!  Hope I don't sound to freaky... I'm just a loving mom, wife, and idealist.;39.4272000000001;-84.1664
