H shaped craft seen in daylilght hours 9 years ago in Musquodobit Harbour area of Nova Scotia.;1997-10-24 15:00:00;45 secs +/-;H shaped craft seen in daylilght hours 9 years ago in Musquodobit Harbour area of Nova Scotia. During a fall afternoon, when I had my son who was only four at the time, to a small park where there were swings, teeter totters, slides etc, and we left to take a short drive up along the Musquodoboit River, which is in Central-Easten Shore of Nova Scotia, near the Atlantic Coastline, approximately 45 degrees latitude.  It was about 3:00 pm in late afternoon when I was going to drive up to a favourite fresh water spring that is about 6 miles NorthWest from the small coastal community of Musquodoboit Harbour which is situate about 35 miles east of Halifax, Nova Scotia. Not too far away is a major International Airport, known as Halifax International Airport and it would be approximately 12 to 15 miles from where I saw this craft, and it is important to note that I did see other aircraft in the air on this afternoon, which were visible as they broke through the clouds on either landing or takeoff from the airport.  The date was on or about October 24, 1997 and as I was about 5 miles northwest of the community of Musquodoboit Harbour, something caught my attention on the North Side of the Highway low in altitude and I would estimate it to be about 200 to 300 ft in the air, although, it very well could have been higher as it is hard to reference size without having two known points to triangulate.  What astonished me is the shape of this craft, it was like two long partly clyndrical, partly square like cylinders with a large round midsection joining the two cylynders, almost like the letter H.  It was metallic with dark colours (possibly shadows away from the sunlight, and the clouds were scattered in otherwise a partly sunny-partly cloudy day.  This craft was very slow moving and moving in a easterly direction and slowly dissappeared beyond the trees that I could see.  There seemed to be some kind of ribbon like things hanging down from this craft, for approximately 30ft +/- near the midsection of this craft.  The actual length again is hard to judge based on what distance the ship was from me.  I would estimate this craft to be about 200 ft in length and the mid section joining the two fuselages to be approximately 50 ft or about one quarter the length of the cylydrical-partially square shapped fuselage.  There was NO SOUND being emitted from this craft and it was just drifting slowly.  I do not know if others may have seen this or not, but I do know there were a rash of reports of people seeing strange objects in the sky along the entire eastern shore that particular month, but what differs in what I saw, it was daytime. I have a background in Land Surveying and often used takl trees, towers, etc, as reference points to triangulate approximate distances or directions, but on that day, I had no theodilite and no way to measure, so my dimensions at best are pure estimation.  This craft was flying in the opposite direction of what an airplane would be flying on approach to the airport.  I told immediate family members, but no-one else at the time, as I feared being made fun of and have nothing to collaborate my story, except my very vivid memory of this incident that lasted for approximately 45 seconds +/-.  I tried to make sense of what this was, perhaps a large airplane flying low with some type of mirage or reflection off a low cloud, but it was flying far too slow to even keep an aircraft airborne.  I cannot recall if this craft actually flew out of sight at the treeline, or just vanished as quick as it appeared, but it was moving in an easterly direction.  I have attempted to draw what it looks like, and have superimposed it on a tree with clouds in the background to give others perspective of what I have seen.  Is it from another world?  Is it a manmade aircraft being experimented with?  I don't have the answers, but do know, that I saw something, and it will forever be etched on my memory for as long as I live.;44.7656;-63.1101
