Round sphere w/3 fingerlike tendrils w/yellow orange and red lights on the end, coming from one spot on its hemisphere.;2011-04-05 23:15:00;5min;Round sphere w/3 fingerlike tendrils w/yellow orange and red lights on the end, coming from one spot on its hemisphere. first off an importantly, my wife is an empath..and maybe more.  She had a bad headache and kept getting visions of all/any ordinary object with gashes/large wounds in them....bleeding....we went to bed early, which we never do.  I awoke at the time specified to the sound of what seemed like a plane/jet flying over...except i picked up on the undertones of several other pitch variations that kept varying.  It was a sound that almost paralyzed me.  i don't fear easily and this scared the fuck out of me.  My wife and I saw a round sphere moving at 20-30mph (rough guess) about 20 feet over the tree line heading north by north east.   Now this round sphere had 3 arms that acted like those  of a jelly fish but were clearly metallic looking one with a red like at the tip another with yellow and the third orange.   Each of this gentle bobbing tendrils seemed to be sampling/searching either the tree tops or the forest floor.  the tendrils came out of the hemisphere! of the object, which was dark except for the lights, and all from one point.  When it finally left,  only when my wife asked me what it was(me lying said it was a damn jet or plane to calm her down) the lulling undertone noises that varied greatly were replaced by those of what we correlate with that of an overpassing plane and headed north easterly quite quickly.  It was almost as if the object realized/heard us awake.   at the beginning it was crazy loud...like ridiculously loud.  The next day neither one of us spoke or thought about it until we returned home from work and after dinner.  I mentioned what a weird night the night before was.  Had my wife draw a picture of what she saw....to rule out a dream sequence.  and it was exactly what we saw....and not a dream.;43.3566;-71.2424
