A yellowish-orange glowing shape rotating counter clockwise on what appeared to be an assymetrical axis.;2005-05-22 23:00:00;4 minutes;A yellowish-orange glowing shape rotating counter clockwise on what appeared to be an assymetrical axis. I was in my yard looking at the sky and having a smoke.  To my west, I saw a bright flash of light like a camera flash, but pinpoint in size.   A dim light appeared at that point, far off.  It slowly traveled to the North for about 1 minute or so, then made a  wide, circular curve - clockwise until it headed ESE.  My view was obstructed for about 15 seconds by trees.  Once I was able to view it again, it was heading ESE towards my area.  As it approached, I began to see color and shape. It passed directly overhead in a more Easterly direction and continued until it could no longer be seen.  The object appeared to be traveling slowly, but if it was farther off than I percieved it may have been moving much faster. It was glowing an Orange-Yellow color, and the lights on the bottom of it appeared to be segmented into three rectangular shapes, nearly the same in shape and size.  There was a halo of light surrounding it that was more yellow in color and appeared misty.  That is how the teardrop type shape was seen. The object was rotating counter-clockwise on what appeared to be an asymmetrical axis at about 1 revolution every 3 or 4 seconds.  The revolutions and latteral speed were constant.  Though the defining lines of the object could not be seen clearly, I got a distinct view of the underside as I described it. I called my step-daughter out to see it but the only view of it that she briefly saw was a rotation seen in the distance as it left our field of vision.  Not nearly as clear as my view had been during the duration that I experienced. I wish I had my camera.  This would have made an incredible video- the likes of which I have never seen.   This is the second UFO sighting I have had in two years, the first of which was even more breathtaking.;41.935;-87.8737000000001
