triangle shaped thing with intense white lights and a haze around the outside of it flew over  my home and there was no sound comin;2006-07-17 23:00:00;3-4 minutes;triangle shaped thing with intense white lights and a haze around the outside of it flew over  my home and there was no sound comin On 7/17/06 at approx 11:00pm I was sitting on my patio and looking at the night sky when over my right shoulder I caught sight of a very bright light....I thought that it might have been a star but the light was moving from the northwest to the southeast at a very slow speed.....as it approached me I could barely make out the shape of a triangle or arrowhead shaped thing....as it continued past me I could see what appeared to be very intense bright white lights on the underside of it.....and I am not real sure but possibly red lights at the corners of it.......it was a clear night and there appeared to be a haze of some sort around the edges of the thing.....it just looked like aan arrowhead with lights moving across the night sky.....there was no sound whatsoever....as I live in the country there also was no other ground lights around me.....I watched it til it disappeared from view.....my home is only 5-6 miles north of Scott Air Force base.....I have no idea what this was......I've been a police officer for 35 years and it is new to me....;38.6042;-89.801
shaped craft was flying very low and very slow directly over my vehicle;2008-09-19 20:00:00;5-15 minutes;While driving east on New Route 50 leaving Lebanon, IL a very large, triangle shaped craft was flying very low and very slow directly over my vehicle. I could clearly see the bottom of the craft through my moon roof. The object took several seconds to move from the right side of my vehicle to the left and I could see it was black, triangular in shape and had many red lights on the bottom center of the craft. As it moved across the highway I got a clear view of the back. It had a tall, rectangular piece running perpendicular in the middle of the rear of the craft. Along this tall, rectangular object were red and white lights running up and down. The back of the craft was shaped like a long rectangle and had huge circular light on each end. Many lights were coming off the top creating an aura of bright white light. It proceeded to move across the sky very slowly and then turned west to head back towards Lebanon/Fairview Heights area. It was so large, as it moved west and I moved east I could still see its lights in the sky when I reached St. Rose road, approximately 25 miles from where the craft was flying. It was definitely not an airplane, a blimp, or anything I have every seen in our skies before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));38.6042;-89.801
