Circular - Rotating and hovering east to west and back again at night in Garden City, MI in the early 1980's.;1982-06-30 23:00:00;10 Minutes;Circular - Rotating and hovering east to west and back again at night in Garden City, MI in the early 1980's. OK, I've never seen anything strange before or since and still can't believe what I say to this day.  So, being the internet age and all, I thought I'd search for what I saw that night to see if anyone else reported it.  I think I found the exact thing I saw in the sky as reported on http://www.ufopicks.com/. It was the early 80's and I was approximately 10 years old.  My older sister was in the phone with her friend and told me that there was a flying saucer outside.  I quickly ran to the front window (facing east) and saw what appeared to be either a relatively low flying circular craft with rotating lights (Like L.E.D.'s) slowing pacing in an exact line from west to east and then back again from east to west.  Or it was huge and much higher in the sky than it may have appeared. It was a clear night.  The thing was right above our house on it's east to west and back again pattern of flying.  I was mezmorized.  I was old enough to know that it wasn't a plane or copter.  It made no noise and very smoothly went about it's business.  I didn't see it exit the aky because it would come into view for a minute or two before going over the horizon and back again... then at one point it never returned from the horizon.  It seemed as thought it was surveying the area because of it's straight back and forth flight... it would move just a little to the south on each and every trip. FYI... this thing was somewhere in between Warren and Ford Road (east - west roads) and seemed to disappear from the horizon once it hit Inkster Road (to the east) and Middlebelt Road (to the west)... due to the horizon being limited because of houses and trees. Here is the exact location of where I was viewing this object:  http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&source=s_q&hl=en&geocode=&q=6607+Deering+Garden+City+Michigan&sll=42.328981,-83.314819&sspn=0.100384,0.21595&gl=us&ie=UTF8&ll=42.335073,-83.316836&spn=0.025094,0.053988&z=15&iwloc=addr   If anyone else remembers the exact year or can add to my memory, please do so.  I KNOW I saw it, as did my sister and the friend on the phone that lived about a half mile to our west. The exacty description of the thing was a perfect circle with LED type of yellowish-red lights that rotated around this thing... It seemed to have a top and bottom (both circular)... with the LED's (or whatever) around the middle.  I could not make out the body of the thing because the lights were too bright. I'm not crazy... really. It was there. My best guess is that it was between 1980-1983. Thanks for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.3315;-83.3425
Please dont think I'm crazy. The year was approx. 1983 or 1984.;1983-06-15 11:30:00;4 minutes;Please dont think I'm crazy. The year was approx. 1983 or 1984. I was about 8 years old. I was living in Garden City Michigan with my parents. I dont remember a date: I can tell you that is was warm outside. at approx 11:30 pm or so. My father was a truck driver and was out of the state. I was staying with my mother. I had a friend spending the night who went to get us some Toco Bell on his bike. I remember that helter skelter was playing on TV and there were a bunch or Regan and Bush election comercials on. My friend was taking a long time to come back and my mother and I went outside to see if he was comming down the rode. We spotted the boy driving his bike down the rode holding a toco bell bag.. He looked up in the sky with his mouth hanging open, dropped the bag and fell off his bike. We looked in the sky and seen Your going to think I'm crazy A HUGE round craft with lights all around it and a a bright light comming out of a big hole in the center. It was kinda like a doughnut...there was a hole in the center but the light was blurred or hazy so we couldnt see beyond the hole..The craft was made from some metallic material. Looked like grey metal. The craft was turning at a medium pace in a circle hovering right above us. The craft was so big it looked like it was a lid to a cookie jar that we were inside. I started running in circles crying...my mother was grabbing me trying to get me in the house...As soon as she got into the house she called my grandmother up on the phone. My grandpa and grandma looked outside and seen the same craft. They said it looked like it was right above them  object. My mother left the phone to go see if it was still there. My mother and I went outside and it was still there. A second later it took off slowily in a diagonal direction upwards then come to a complete stop..then it Zoomed off with a flash in the opposite direction leaving our site. My grandpa seen 1 other small craft leaving with the main one...But I only seen one. Concerned, my mother called The GC Police dept. And said  Please listen. this is not a prank. There was something over our house about 5 minutes ago The police said. MAMM, we havent had any reportings of any objects in the sky today.It was probably just a plane. My mom got pissed and hung up. The next day I seen something on TV about sightings of a Bush election plane flying around..Sounds like they were trying to justify something I would like to see this object again. My memory is slightly clouded due to the time passed. I can say that this was a FLYING SAUCER without a doubt. It wasnt little flying lights or a falling star ...It was a Huge grey metal disk that must have been over a mile in diameter  I forgot to mention, my grandma lived 1 mile away from us. I seen what appeared to be windows with light comming out of them..The funny thing was.This thing had alot of light comming from it, but the groung wasnt lit up nor were the houses in the general area...I find it hard to believe nobody else seen the same thing even thought it was 11:300 or later. Oops almost forgot..There wasnt any sound from the object that I could hear. ((e-address deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.3315;-83.3425
Disk shaped object seen in the sky.;2016-07-17 18:30:00;5 seconds;Disk shaped object seen in the sky. My 2 sons and thier cousin saw a disk shaped object hoovering in the sky.  Granted, they are 8yrs, 7yrs, and 6yrs old.  I was about 50 feet from them tending to my 18m old.  Each of them explained the craft exactly the same.  They descriped it as having blinking yellow lights surrounding it with something that looked like windows on it.  They said it was wobbling side to side as if it was looking for something.  They then said it came to a sudden stop and hoovered for a moment then took off suddenly straight up into the sky.  All three were amazed and excited to see this ufo, and talked about it for hours after the sighting.;42.3315;-83.3425
