Unusual cloudlike formation with extending tendrils seen over Silver City, New Mexico;2006-07-12 05:00:00;1.5 hours;Unusual cloudlike formation with extending tendrils seen over Silver City, New Mexico Report of Unusual Aerial Phenomenon Wednesday, July 12, 2006 Silver City, New Mexico As seen from near downtown Silver City.  Around 5:00 A.M. saw from a north facing window, just overhead, at an angle 60 to 70 degrees to the horizon, and 30 degree east of due north, two  bright, unusual cloud-like objects. The sky was clear.  The larger object had a central section that was clearly glowing with rainbow colors. Long curlicues extended outward, mostly to the east. These crisscrossed repeatedly. Both objects gradually expanded, the curlicues especially extending over a large distance. Though the edges of the curlicues softened slightly over the next half hour, they maintained their distinctiveness, spreading to cover a vast portion of sky. The smaller object dissipated into a more cloud-like form, while the larger maintained its shape for a much longer time. Both objects were nearly stationary for several minutes, then began a gradual motion to the northeast, as though driven by the wind. Throughout all this time the ends of the curlicues appeared to be extending in length, creating sinuous patterns. The overall impression was of a chemical bomb slowly expanding and changing. Just after sunrise, around 6:20, the objects had almost completely dissipated, and were now far to the northeast, but could still be faintly seen covering almost the whole of the northern horizon, having expanded from a very tight center just over or to the north of Silver City to include the whole visible extent of the Gila Wilderness area. Note: the next day the news was full of reports that what observers had seen was the result of a successful antiballistic missile test over the White Sands testing area. However, White Sands is east of Silver City, and this phenomenon looked to be more to the north, over the Gila Wilderness area. Photos of this event were taken by the observers and others. Photos appearing in various news media match in appearance those taken by the observers,;32.7855857142857;-108.265114285714
UFO With Green, Red, And Blue Lights That Split Into 2, Formed Back Into One, Then Shut Off And Fell From The Sky Followed By 2 Circles;2007-03-12 21:00:00;20 Minutes;UFO With Green, Red, And Blue Lights That Split Into 2, Formed Back Into One, Then Shut Off And Fell From The Sky Followed By 2 Circles 	So I was sitting at my computer just listening to some music when I just happened to glance out of the window to the West. It was completely dark. Save for 1 VERY bright light. It was flashing red and blue, so I got my brother and a friend to check it out. They confirmed. It was NOT a plane. Excited, I went to get a pair of binoculars from my truck. I stood up on my wall and focused in on the object. I saw a round shape with a curved bottom. But on top there was a bright green light just shooting off. On the sides, there were red and blue lights flashing. For about 10 minutes, it slowly dipped toward the mountain. 	Then, to my amazement, it split! There were now 2 small white lights about a finger width apart (from the distance away). They sank lower still. Suddenly, they shook violently for a second, then shot back together, again to form the previous object. I was shaking, almost unable to hold on to the binoculars. I gathered myself and watched it. 	It was close to going over the mountain now. But, before it went behind the mountain, it suddenly just shut off. As if a light switch had disconnected the circuit leading to it. I focused more, and faintly saw the outline against the stars in the back. It descended into the dark mountain. I though it was over. 	Now the most shocking part. As I continued watching, I saw a black circle shoot down from the sky at a very high speed, with a thin white tail-Right where the UFO had gone down. I almost dropped the binoculars again, but managed to get them to my eyes to see ONE MORE black circle shoot towards the area. The area behind the mountain lit up dramatically and then quickly died down. We checked out the are from a hill. There were flashing red and blue lights, surrounded by little lights all around. Slowly, over the course of an hour. They all died out. Save one. It descended further down the mountain, until we could no longer see it in the darkness of the trees.;32.7855857142857;-108.265114285714
Red/orange orb interacts with jets, chased by more jets, re-appears 4 days later.;2012-01-20 22:20:00;20 minutes;Red/orange orb interacts with jets, chased by more jets, re-appears 4 days later. This is a descriptive account of two incidents of personal eyewitness accounts of a reddish orange orb.  The first indecent occurred on January 20th at approximately 10:20 pm in SW New Mexico, just outside of Silver City. At first there were three of us outside, me, m and c.  We were about to leave m's house when I saw what appeared to be a plane and some distance behind it and approaching it quickly was a reddish/orange orb.  There was a distinct difference in the speed of the orb and the speed of the plane.  The orb was obviously traveling faster than the plane. Then a second plane was visible behind the orb, and all were traveling together (plane, orb, plane) with the orb somewhat lower than the two planes.  It was peculiar that there was no sound from these planes or orb.  We were out in the outskirts of town where it was very quite and we could hear very well, that there were no jet engines.  Then, as all three objects are flying due west, the orb shakes up and down violently a  very small distance, shaking the planes up and down as well. Next was beyond belief.  The orb very obviously sped up to the first plane and went into or behind it, disappearing from view.  It almost immediately came out as 2 orbs of identical color.  It is vital to note that the orb was not only much smaller than the outline of the lights on the planes, but that it did not flash like the planes did.  These planes also did not flash like the regular commercial flashing plane light.  The planes seemed to be communicating with each other using their lights, it did look like Morse code, now that I replay it in my mind.  (My current hypothesis is that the orb had already taken control of the planes by the time I had seen them, and all the pilots had to communicate with one another was their lights!) Immediately after the 2 orbs came out of the plane in front, all of the objects lights' turned out, the orb was dim like a star, as were the planes, most strange, at the same time this happened, they all turned towards the south and merged to form an equilateral triangle with the point directed upwards, facing us.  This triangle appeared to have a mass connecting the lights. There were no clouds in the sky, the stars were very bright, and the light of the city was blocked by a ridge.  The triangle slowed down its movement to a crawl yet still covered a massive distance very quickly, circling from West, to South, to East, and finally North East while it disappeared into what appeared to be space. Not five or ten minutes later c and I were preparing to depart from m's, we were amazed to see the reddish/orange orb floating straight up from the north.  I thought to myself what would I do to communicate with this orb, and I thought maybe I would whistle.  Before I could even whistle and directly after the thought, the orb light went out.  The star sized light that remained floated upward and southwest until it realized two more jets were coming in from the north east.  I heard the roar of the jets  as they flew the trail of the orb all the way over us towards the North and West, south into Mexico. Tonight, January 24th , 2012, I was witness again to this phenomenon, yet it was slightly different.  I was sitting on my front porch facing South West when I saw the red light again, this time smaller and what appeared to be 2 orbs very close to one another and fainter.  It was also earlier in the evening, approximately 8:20 pm, and the city lights reduce visibility.  Still the stars are highly visible in Silver City, NM.  I watched as the pair of orbs moved in a similar flight path as the Friday night before.  The lights pulsated or flashed irregularly, almost more of a pulsation.  It went from West, to South, to East, and disappeared behind the trees.  I watched it circle around 3 times before it disappeared the final time. But before it dipped behind the trees for the last time, it glowed a brilliant orange/red much brighter and larger than the orbs we had seen the previous Friday.  It quickly faded and went away behind the trees.  It was interesting to see how the flight path of these pair of orbs was directly compared to that of observable commercial flights at the time and to note the irregular flight path of the paired orbs, and the straight path of the commercial flights. The paired orbs traveled at a much higher speed than that of the observable commercial flights.  They also had no noise.  This where it is puzzling.  Very soon after the orb glowed that burst of orange/red light, it went away, and minutes later 2 fighter jets zoomed by, completely audible and loud, just like the 2 jets that went after the one orb on Friday.  But unlike those two that pursued the orb into Mexico, these two jets did not appear to know where they were going, just going really fast in the same flight path as where the paired orbs were 5 minutes prior, and pretty much where the first occurrence turned into an equilateral triangle. Yet when we first witnessed this on Friday, there was no noise when the planes were incorporated into this triangle, and there was no noise tonight with the paired orbs, we could hear the commercial flights when they passed by, we could hear the Air Force jets zooming by, but no, we could not hear the orbs at all.  The whole time the orbs flew with remarkable speed and smoothness, and made irregular and seemingly impossible movements, like moving a large distance while appearing to move slowly.  This was particularly present in the triangle form.;32.7855857142857;-108.265114285714
