MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  Diamond shaped craft.. I can't be to sure of this, but it had turned around in circles;2004-05-21 23:37:00;5 min;This report was submitted to UFOMIG.com on Sat. May 22, 2004 at 16:49 from Anonymous in Clinton, MO (Henry Co.) and MIG is doing followup investigation for more details plus a digital image of the UFO. Here's their report> I had gotten to bed around 10:00PM, but woke up at 11:34 last night.. I glanced at my clock to notice the time and at the corner of my eye, I saw a blinking light outside my window. It would say that it was about 3 to 4 miles away. It was in the sky blinking pretty fast.. I decided to get a closer look at it thinking that it was probably some airplane, but when I took a look through my binoculars, it turned out to be some sort of diamond shaped craft.. I can't be to sure of this, but it had turned around in circles, and its lights where in the middle of this blinking light.. I then noticed that one of the lights got bigger and as it got bigger, the craft kept turning around. Realizing that I was seeing an actual U.F.O., I ran to get my digital camera so that I could take a photo of this.. out of my photos that I had taken, only 1 picture showed the craft.. however, it was orange now, and behind it was what seemed to be another craft!.. But this one was blue.. I am still trying to tell my self that I did not see anything, but just in case I did, I am going to look again tonight.. I will post another message if I see it or anything else like it, again.  Thank you ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));38.402;-93.7836
MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  UFO photo over Clinton, MO submitted by witness via email to the UFOMIG.com investigator;2004-05-21 23:37:00;5 min;UFO photo over Clinton, MO submitted by witness via email to the UFOMIG.com investigator Missouri Investigators Group received a digital photo of the ufo on 6/9/04 from the witness in Clinton via email forwarding it to NUFORC via email (Peter-I'm sending it to ufocntr@nwlink.com and director@ufocenter.com BA). I've added the negative image at the bottom of the photo enhancing the two questionable objects in motion.  The UFO seen over Clinton is the big orange light in the bottom of the photo. However the witness did observe a smaller blue light moving on its nearby left side when looking at it through binoculars.  The smaller white light at the top left in the photo is identified as a street light by the witness.  So the bottom two lights do appear to be the ones in motion in the photo are the UFOs.  Be sure to read the original UFO report by witness on 5/21/04 for reference.  Brian Adams, UFOMIG.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Adams, of UFO Investigators Group, for submitting the report.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD);38.402;-93.7836
