MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  Two parallel sets of 6 arched amber lights hovering near Hwy 13 south of Hwy 2 in Henry Co..;2003-09-09 20:45:00;3-5 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the Missouri Investigators Group for sharing this report.  Their website address is:  <www.UFOMIG.com>.  PD)) Two parallel sets of 6 arched amber lights hovering near Hwy 13 south of Hwy 2 in Henry County, Mo. Tuesday evening 9/9/03 at 8:45pm driving north on Hwy 13 about 12 miles north of Clinton, Missouri at the Henry County line.  Hwy 13 makes a S-curve at this point just south of the Hwy 2 intersection.  Two sets of bright amber lights were first seen over the field just ahead.  Driving slowing coming out of the last curve at least a dozen vehicles were pulled over on either side of the highway with people in their vehicles watching a parallel set of 6 arched amber lights hovering off Hwy 13 about 200 feet over on the east side of Hwy 13.  The lights were just above and behind an abandoned filling station about 100 feet in the air.  No solid object was seen between the sets of lights even though a full moon was out on a clear night. No sounds or radio interference noticed.  While still driving very slowly attempted to take a couple of photographs of the lights using an auto flash camera.  (*Film developed 9/17 was poor quality of the inside of vehicle with only one of the object's lights is seen through passenger window.)  Then the amber lights all blinked out at the same time.  Suddenly all of the parked vehicles began to drive away.  Nobody stopped to talk about this situation but listened to local talk radio show hoping somebody would call in sighting.  Brian Adams of the Missouri Investigators Group (UFOMIG.com) is investigating this report.  Special note that this is the exact location of another NUFORC sighting occurred on May 8, 2003 in Clinton, MO.  UFOMIG.com will attempt to gather more witnesses through story put in local area newspapers in Clinton and Warrensburg, Missouri. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD);38.402;-93.7836
