9-10-03/22:00 hrs Clinton, Missouri    Irregular shape   In view for approx. 20 seconds  This object was larger than the moon.  It was;2003-09-10 22:00:00;20 seconds;9-10-03/22:00 hrs Clinton, Missouri    Irregular shape   In view for approx. 20 seconds  This object was larger than the moon.  It was approx. 20 degrees up from the horizon and obscured by trees.  This object was noticed in the ENE direction approx. 63 degrees.  It has a yellowish glow and it did not move as I was viewing it.  I had it in view approx. 20 seconds.  I had my little dog outside before going to bed at 10 p.m..  The dog was showing no awareness of this object.  I told my wife about this object, but she did not go out to look at it.  I have not seen this object since.;38.402;-93.7836
Orange low level lights appearing and disappearing in an irregular manner repeatedly.;2016-02-29 19:30:00;20 minutes;Orange low level lights appearing and disappearing in an irregular manner repeatedly. I saw something identical to the quoted dressier ion from Lebanon, Missouri, approximately 15 miles north of Clinton on Highway 7 South. Inititially, I thought it was a meteorite that broke up, or a small firework.  It appeared to be 100 - 200 feet in altitude.  I then saw something identical several times as I drove.  It appeared to be in a similar location each time, but I was driving on a highway with curves, so I could not be certain.  Each time the lights seemed to appear at the same time, but they disappeared intermittently over a 1 second span, as if they were separate burning out objects.  As I approached the spot of the objects, which was at least several hundred yards west of the highway in an apparently wooded area, the shaped changed from an irregular cluster to a triangular shape.  I did not attribute the apparent change in shape to movement of the objects.  The apparent change in shape seemed to me to be due to my change in position relative to the event.  Although, from the change in the apparent shape, at first the lights seemed to be arranged in an irregular 3 dimensional pattern, and later the objects seemed to be in the same 2 dimensional plane. Note, I am a skeptic.  Several Orange Globe Fireball Lights Low in the Sky, Winking Out and Coming Back In Other Locations  My teenage son roams our 2 acre property every evening looking at stars and playing with our cats. He came in to get me a few minutes before 7 and told me he saw some strange orange globe lights in the sky and that he didn't know what they were. I immediately went out, looked in the northwest sky, just over the horizon and I saw an orange globe fireball light that suddenly split apart and was 3 globes, but they were very very close together and I couldn't tell f it was one or three. My son said the same. he couldn't tell if it was four or one. They stayed in the sky for 15 seconds or so, and then just went out.  Over the next hour and a half the lights came back, all in similar areas, but not exactly the same place.  Sometimes the globes were further apart, other times, closer.  They were in a straight line.  I went inside for a while and my son said they were arranged in a triangle shape at times.  I came back out and saw them one more time.  My son caught a 3 second video, but ! his battery went dead.  There was no sound at all.  My son said they looked to be about 3 miles away.  I could not tell.  The dogs in the neighborhoos were going crazy barking.  Our two cats were acting very odd. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.402;-93.7836
