I saw a neon green white hot and glowing comet or teardrop shaped object falling out of the sky.;2012-10-21 07:55:00;few seconds;I saw a neon green white hot and glowing comet or teardrop shaped object falling out of the sky. I was driving West on a 4 lane road in a coastal small town in Central Florida early Sunday morning after sunrise when I saw in my area of vision through the windshield what appeared to be a comet shaped or elongated teardrop shaped object.  It seemed to be mostly neon green colored and had a white hot glowing look to it.  It was moving north from the South and seemed to be falling out of the sky. It disappeared from view behind trees a few blocks ahead of me. I was very curious about the object and wanted to drive through streets in my neighborhood to see if I could see where it might have landed or perhaps speak with someone else who might have seen it, but I didn’t do so as I had plans with my husband and went on home.  I told my husband about it and he asked me if it looked like some kind of a toy or firework someone shot up in the air.  It didn’t. It was unlike anything I’ve ever seen before and was fairly large.  The first thing I thought of was perhaps a meteorite because I had heard a day or two before that there had been meteor shower sightings in California.  I hadn’t thought about the meteor shower again until I saw this object. I expected that I would hear more about the object from others seeing and reporting it, but I have not heard anything about it.  There weren’t many people out on the street since it was early Sunday morning, but there were a few other cars and I remember seeing someone walking East on the sidewalk I passed.  I contacted WFTV, a TV station out of Orlando, by e-mail and the response I received was that there had been no official sighting according to local authorities, though they had received some e-mails.  (I’m thinking that they meant they had received e-mails about the meteor shower). I am a 58 yr. old homemaker who had just dropped off family members at their homes after our regular walk at a local park. I saw the object on my way home. The sun was shining brightly at that time and there were no clouds in the sky. It was a beautiful clear morning.;28.9790376947045;-80.9105588785043
