video footage of fireball  and inside  interior which contains a solid shaped craft moving  and hovering;2004-01-21 20:00:00;00:30/00:45;video footage of fireball  and inside  interior which contains a solid shaped craft moving  and hovering Please see my first report dated willits, Ca for Jan.21. I'm including this added report for our siting because today Sat Jan 24 we looked at the video clips that my 14 year old son took the night of the siting and Wow! We put these on our computer and what looked like a fireball is blown up on the screen and you can easily see what is inside of the fireball, a shaped solid craft surrounded by the firery lights of the fireball. These pictures are incredible! The camera had a 460x digital zoom sony brand. This zoom enables us to see inside the fireball just enough to blow our minds!;39.4493;-123.3679
video freeze framing reveals fireball turning into a rod of  11 connected smaller light balls and then going back into a fireball shape;2004-01-21 20:00:00;00:30/00:45;video freeze framing reveals fireball turning into a rod of  11 connected smaller light balls and then going back into a fireball shape This report is an extention of my other two reports for this date. The video footage of this event of Jan 21,04 is astounding.  In freeze framing the video by way of milli seconds I have been able to see things which I could not see that night by my naked eyes. The computer enables me to not only freeze a milli second but to blow it up much larger to see just what it is or might be. There is a series of photos that I can only describe as the  fireball spliting up into many smaller balls of light all attached in a long rod like formation of 11 balls of various pastel colors of light and then it goes into a progression of from 11 balls of light to 10 to 8 to 4 to 2 to one the fireball shape. It does this a few times where it goes from a long rod of attached balls of light to a single fireball of light.  This is incredible and it happens so fast it could not be seen until the video was freeze framed.  In other photos is is obvious that the solid white interior of the fireball is moving very fast because it changes it position and angle continually. There is another unexplainable part of this footage that puzzels me. In the bottom of the screen there is a very small dancing ball of light that at first I dismissed because it was so small in comparison to the main fireball . This tiny ball of light moves from side to side and and then at the end of the video the main fireball seems to disappear and reappear at the bottom of the screen very small with the other very small ball of light. It seems to be communicating with that tiny ball of light. We could not see this tiny ball of light with the naked eye that night of the sighting.;39.4493;-123.3679
bright  fireball changing and flashing colors red to white to yellow to orange hovering for 30 minutes and then vanishing;2004-01-21 20:00:00;00:30;((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this witness via telephone, and she sounds to us to be quite serious minded and credible.  However,  bright  fireball changing and flashing colors red to white to yellow to orange hovering for 30 minutes and then vanishing At 20:00 hours or 8:oo pm pacific time Jan 21, 2004 I drove out of my country home driveway to take my Mother home and noticed this large fireball looking object in the south western sky well above the tree tops.  I live at the elevation of 2400 ft and this was well above that. I was viewing it from a high open unobstrcted ridge. It was not moving and that was the reason I noticed it so much. As I drove my mother home on my way back to my house there it still was ...not moving just hovering over the ridge. At first I thought it might be a helicopter but there was no sound. I stopped and watched it for another ten minutes. Then I went to get my son to have another witness and we then watched it together for ten more minutes. Then it looked like it moved a little to the east and then it just disappeared. I am a 53 year old art teacher. It was a very clear night. I have lived here for 24 years. This object I will describe as a bright fireball changing and flashing color from red to white to yellow and hovering for 30 minutes in the same spot then vanishing. ((ADDENDUM #1 FROM WITNESS, SUBMITTED 24JA04.)) video footage of fireball  and inside  interior which contains a solid shaped craft moving  and hovering Please see my first report dated willits, Ca for Jan.21. I'm including this added report for our siting because today Sat Jan 24 we looked at the video clips that my 14 year old son took the night of the siting and Wow! We put these on our computer and what looked like a fireball is blown up on the screen and you can easily see what is inside of the fireball, a shaped solid craft surrounded by the firery lights of the fireball. These pictures are incredible! The camera had a 460x digital zoom sony brand. This zoom enables us to see inside the fireball just enough to blow our minds! ((END #1)) ((ADDENDUM #2, SUBMITTED 08FE04)) video freeze framing reveals fireball turning into a rod of  11 connected smaller light balls and then going back into a fireball shape This report is an extention of my other two reports for this date. The video footage of this event of Jan 21,04 is astounding.  In freeze framing the video by way of milli seconds I have been able to see things which I could not see that night by my naked eyes. The computer enables me to not only freeze a milli second but to blow it up much larger to see just what it is or might be. There is a series of photos that I can only describe as the  fireball spliting up into many smaller balls of light all attached in a long rod like formation of 11 balls of various pastel colors of light and then it goes into a progression of from 11 balls of light to 10 to 8 to 4 to 2 to one the fireball shape. It does this a few times where it goes from a long rod of attached balls of light to a single fireball of light.  This is incredible and it happens so fast it could not be seen until the video was freeze framed.  In other photos is is obvious that the solid white interior of the fireball is moving very fast because it changes it position and angle continually. There is another unexplainable part of this footage that puzzels me. In the bottom of the screen there is a very small dancing ball of light that at first I dismissed because it was so small in comparison to the main fireball . This tiny ball of light moves from side to side and and then at the end of the video the main fireball seems to disappear and reappear at the bottom of the screen very small with the other very small ball of light. It seems to be communicating with that tiny ball of light. We could not see this tiny ball of light with the naked eye that night of the sighting. ((END #2));39.4493;-123.3679
Fireballs in the sky over Willits, Ca.;2014-01-18 20:00:00;8 minutes;fireballs in the sky over Willits Ca. Dark night and it looked liked like fire in the sky. several balls of fire.  One seemed to be larger like a short stick on fire.  They looked to be very high up in the sky. They slowly burnt out.;39.4493;-123.3679
Burning, glowing red object high as an airliner, moving slowly to the south and vanished.;2015-11-25 19:55:00;5-10 second;Burning, glowing red object high as an airliner, moving slowly to the south and vanished. Walked outside to grab wood and looked up to the NNW and saw a slow moving light much like an airliner or satellite but the red ball that it was at that size and altitude would be much larger than any plane.  It was visibly bigger than any jet.   First thought was jet on fire.  I ran 15 feet to a window to get another witness but it had vanished when I returned 10 seconds later and looked for it where it should have been.   Please let me no if anyone learns what it was.;39.4493;-123.3679
