Lights on a huge craft slowly going overhead. (Official explanations unacceptable);1988-10-15 20:15:00;5/10 minutes;Lights on a huge craft slowly going overhead. (Official explanations unacceptable) I had a sighting about ten years ago and I never had the resources to check out what I had seen until I got on the net. Which brings me to the point as to why I am writing you. The official comments that were made about the sighting were unacceptable and I believe, would be to anyone who actually saw this object. Unfortunately, I can't pinpoint the exact date, which is a problem. However, there are other details that may help identify this sighting. That way, someone may be able to help me find more realistic explanations as to what I saw that  night. Below is an account of the events as I remember them. It was Oct. of 1988 (unsure of these dates) about eight o'clock or a little later, when I was going to visit a friend, who lives in a rural part of Missouri. I pulled into his driveway, got out of the car and went to the door and knocked. My friend was not at home. I got ready to get back into the car and leave, when I noticed several  lights in the western sky. They were moving toward me at a slow but steady speed. I moved away from the car and into a field adjacent to my friend's house. I could not make out what it was. There was no discernible silhouette, just several lights coming my way. The object then got directly over head and seem to take up the entire night sky. I then noticed that the lights (There were at least three lights maybe more, I don't really recall.) seem to be attached to one large object. The lights seem to be facing toward the object instead of facing outward as you would expect. When I looked at the object, I got the impression that this is what a blimp would look like if it had been flying at night with the lights turned toward it. The object seem to be just above my head, about two hundred feet or so, I'm just guessing. There was dead silence, I heard nothing that would explain its propulsion except the wind. Even though the object moved slowly, I think it would have moved even slower if governed by the wind alone. I  continued to watch the object until it disappeared in the eastern sky. This may have been a total of five to ten minutes. It never once slowed down or veered from a straight course and seem to stay the same distance from the ground the entire time. I got into the car trying to sort out what I had seen, debating on if  I should tell anyone else. I went to eat a late dinner and then decided I would go and tell another friend of mine about the experience. I got to his house right at ten o'clock. The local news was just coming on. Just before I had the chance to tell him about my experience, the first line of the news cast said  If you saw it, you weren't the only one. They continued to say reports had come in by the hundreds and that it had been seen in at least seven different states that night. An investigation was under way. The next morning there was a small news segment about  scientists thinking it may have been a gaseous cloud that had ignited in the upper atmosphere but it was still being investigated. On the following day the official report stated, it was a Russian Rocket that was reentering the earth's atmosphere. I have problems with all the above explanations. For instance, Anything burning I believe would at least flicker. This was not consistent with what I had seen. The lights never blinked or seem to diminish in any way. It maintained a slow but direct course and stayed the same distance from the ground the entire time. I have never seen a falling star or meteors do anything like that. If they had said it was a low flying blimp, I would have believed this before any of the other explanations. That is, before I heard it had been reported in seven different states that night.  But after hearing this, I began to wonder if there may have been more than one object roaming the skies that night.  What I am looking for is any other credible explanations as to what this may have been. If you have any info on the sighting I am referring to or can lead me to others that may be able to help me. Please feel free to forward this letter or e-mail me. I would very much appreciate it.;38.2728;-91.7342
