A friend and I saw a strange low altitudebright object flashing orange and greenrotating colors on Easter night in Juneau,Alaska. When ;1997-03-31 21:00:00;approx  2hrs;Summary : A friend and I saw a strange low altitude bright object flashing orange and green rotating colors on Easter night in Juneau,Alaska. When seen through my telescope (wewere looking at the comet and the planets),it had this strange light and dark light,pattern or field around and above it, likelight defraction patterns. No other starswere as low or had that effect. I could notsee colors with telescope. Only by naked eyeobservations. I was visting a friend and she and I werelooking at the comet on Easter night andshe said hey, look at that satellite! I wasfacing north and I focused my Meade telescopeon it. It was flashing orange and green in arotating fashion...I then looked at itthrough my scope and to my surprise I couldntdetect the colors!Instead it had this really weird lightfield...of dark and bright lines above andaround it...like a light defraction pattern.The object was really bright white with thosestrange lines going around it in a strangestriped pattern. The colors could not bedetected with the scope! I then thought itwas my lens so I focused on a bright star andthe patterns were not present on anything else!When I looked again with just my eyes I sawthe flashing rotating orange and green lightsbut when I used the scope, all I saw was thestrange dark and light patterns. It was lowin the sky, and stationary. I was facingnorth and it was to my right. I looked at itoff and on for about 2 hrs. while checkingout the comet and mars.I went home, I live a block away, and when Igot to my house and looked up again to find it,it was not there--to my right! I was stillfacing north. I looked to my left and thereit was! It was so close(low)that a one blockdrive was enough to move it over. So it meansit was positioned in between my friends houseand mine! I dont think high altitudegeosynchronistic satellites would be lowenough to cause that much of a difference ifI moved only a block away! Plus later, after2 days of clouds, it was no where to be seen!Ive never seen anything out of the ordinarybefore. I know what venus and mars and theother planets look like through my scope, soI'm sure it wasnt a planet!My friend saw the colored lights, cause shepointed it out to me, but she went intoher house while I stayed outside and lookedat the sky and the object. It was too coldfor her! I didnt really think too much aboutthe strange erie lights until I got home andrealized that the object was WAY TOO LOW,cause it moved to my left, to be a satellitelike my friend first thought it was.;58.3644032258064;-134.542858064516
Zigzagging ball of light next to a mountain.;2008-10-01 23:00:00;15 minutes;Zig-zagging ball of light next to a mountain. I was living below the hospital in Juneau, and for whatever reason, I decided to look out of my window, and to my surprise there was a bright ball of light zig-zagging up close to the mountain.   I don't know why anyone would fly that close to a mountain especially at night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));58.3644032258064;-134.542858064516
Bright silent object seen traveling in night sky;2011-01-08 17:20:00;about 10 min;Bright slient object seen traveling in night sky I was walking outside to get my girlfriends sisters purse out of her truck for her and when I was walking in the driveway I noticed I bright light slowly moving in the sky.  I stood and watched it for a minute. As I watched it travel closer I noticed that the object was'nt making any noise at all. I ran inside to get someone else to look so they could see it too. I told them that there is a UFO outside. As I did that my girlfriends' sister was talking on the phone with her friend who was across town and she said that she see's a bright light moving i the sky.  I and one other ran outside to look but it was'nt in our view anymore.  We listened on the phone to her friend who was watching this object with two other people.  She said that another light came off of the object and fell to the earth. They said that they'll keep watching it and she hung up the phone.  After that me and my girlfriend went shopping and when we got back I asked her siser if she heard anythi! ng else.  But her sister said taht it was probably a shooting star or something. I know for a fact that this was not a shooting star.  I've seen so many strange things in the night sky here.  I know for a fact that this was not a shooting star because I have seen many before.  I also know that this was not a plane, satellite, or helicopter because the object did not make any mechanical noise and did not have any lights or beacan on it like the FAA requires, so I've heard. Also it was far to close the earth to be a satellite.  This is not my first UFO sighting. Seeing these UFO's truly haunts me for some reason.  Ever since then I also keep having dreams where I see, to what I think, is the end of the world, not really sure.  And everytime I go outside I can't stop looking at the stars. I'm also wondering if antone else in Juneau saw this light?;58.3644032258064;-134.542858064516
Strange lights being seen in Juneau, AK night sky.;2012-04-23 00:00:00;30 seconds;strange lights being seen in Juneau, AK, night sky. I work out at a fish hatchery and we stay here 7 to 5 days a week.  It's far from the city so there is a bright sky evey night if there are no clouds.   From time to time I see these strange bright lights going slowly across the sky at night.  The light is not flashing like that of a plane or helicopter. I would know because we are near a flight path for jets and see them go by every night.  This light is always moving at about cloud level.   I saw another tonite so I feel I must report it.  Me and my buddy who I work with out here with were sitting outside at night and we saw this light moving across the night sky, not flashing, just slowly moving.  All of a suddan we see it get dim.  Then it flares up again.  Then it goes out.  Then we see it get bright again then disapear out of nowhere.  This was not in a regular pattern either.  I might also ad as a sky watcher,   I have noticed these objects in the sky here for the past 4 years about.  I also saw some of these last wee! kend. 3 of these objects in one night. I saw 2 heading north over the mountains.  Then an hour later I saw onw slowly zig zagging across the night sky.  And these are just the ones i can remember.  What I'm seeing here is very real and to the untrained eye they can be easy to mistaken for a man made object.  I see so many I make a report almost once a year.  Keep your eyes open for them up here because man i've been seeing alot of then since 2012 has came around.  Almost double than what i've noticed in past year.   thank you for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  No date indicated by source of report.  We have assigned an arbitrary date.  PD));58.3644032258064;-134.542858064516
