BRIGHT LIGHTS / UFO;2005-03-08 21:40:00;within 30-40 minutes;BRIGHT LIGHTS/UFO It was a nice clear night around 09:40pm last night driving through Arizona to go visit my family in CA. when my husband and I noticed a solid then pulsating yellow/orange light in the sky. It looked circular but was pulsating in formation next to each other so close, it looked like the final pulse was rectangular. As we watched, it moved in 4 different sections before disappering. (mile marker 94)   A few minutes later my husband looked to his left out his window and said Look, there it is again. When I looked over and saw the same bright yellow/orange light, I told the kids to look to make sure we were all seeing the same thing. This time the lights were definitely circular and was descending in a diagonal downward angle spaced out in 4 different sections before it disappeared. (mile marker 63)   Again, just a few minutes later I looked to my right and noticed brightlights coming towards us at such high speed and flying low. I asked my husband what it was and he said it looked like an airplane. I jumped forward to watch as in flew over our truck, this object was huge and the kids and I kept watching it as it circled over some buildings or RV homes. As it flew over it would flash different colors: white, blue, red, and green, one at a time. It flew over the buildings doing unremarkable moves and came down like it was going to land but flew right back up.  I kept asking my husband what it was and he said it looked like a military flight training exercise known as touch and go, they fly in like they are going to land but fly right back up. Then I said why would they be doing training exercises at 10:00pm and flying that low to the buildings. He said the military trains at all hours of the night and it was probably the El Centro base. I looked at him with some concern and told him that we were still driving through Tacna and haven't reached Yuma yet, and El Centro was after Yuma. (mile marker 35)   Then, right before we headed up the mountain towards Yuma, again my husband looked to his left and said there it is again. This time it was one solid circular yellow/orange light descending towards the mountain top.  I told my husband to keep his eyes on the road and that I would keep my eyes on the light. As the light reached right behind the mountain top it just got BRIGHTER AND BRIGHTER, it completely lit up the sky.  When looked in front of us and started to see the lights from the city, we looked back up to the mountain top and that is when it disappeared. (mile marker 21);32.6917;-113.9747
