A bright light appeared leaving a glowing cloud behind which lasted approx 30 minutes;2000-07-07 21:30:00;30 minutes;A bright light appeared leaving a glowing cloud behind which lasted approx 30 minutes Whilst driving along interstate 8 a bright light appeared in the sky and then shortly after a beam from the light shone down similar to a searchlight. However it appeared like a stationary light and was very strong and bright. After approx 5 minutes the light disapeared and an unusual cloud remained which appeared slightly illuminated. This cloud was lower than other clouds and lasted for approx 30 minutes until it faded. Other cars on the freeway had stopped to look at this unusual glowing cloud.;32.6917;-113.9747
I am a TRUCK DRIVER ( HAY HAULER ) ..  I had just got loaded with hay in Tacna and ingressed onto the freeway ( INTERSTATE 8 ) and inst;2003-09-15 19:00:00;1 Hour and 25 minutes;I am a TRUCK DRIVER ( HAY HAULER ) ..  I had just got loaded with hay in Tacna and ingressed onto the freeway ( INTERSTATE 8 ) and instantaneously i noticed bright balls of bright pumpkin orange-colored balls of light over in the southeast part of the sky. They were maybe 10-30 degrees above the horizon and almost always under the planet MARS !!  These ships put on a spectacular light show for me. They would dim out then light up very brightly then dim out and continue doing this. I witnessed this MAJOR SIGHTING for 1 hour and 25-minutes for a span of approx. 45-miles !!!!  The most spectacular light show occurred at EXIT 78 (AZTEC EXIT ) .  I contacted Highway Patrol(TUCSON) and I was informed that multiple reports of these UFOs were being called in.. H.P. called Luke Air Force Base and was informed that the military was out in that area conducting training exercises but always remember how much we can trust the AIR FORCE, right ??  When i stopped my rig at the AZTEC exit 4 of these craft were EXTREMELY close to me and absolutely NO SOUND emanated from them and they all dimmed out in sequence. At the time I was witnessing most of this event, I was on my cell phone with a famous UFO researcher up in Wisconsin and based upon what I was telling him, he said I was seeing the real thing ( authentic Extraterrestrial craft ). ((NUFORC Note:  Several other reports of yellow, or orange, lights seen in Arizona.  The AZ Highway Patrol units in Yuma and Tucson have reported that their facilities had contacted the U. S. Air Force, and that they had been told that military units had been conducting exercises.  Whether the observed lights were over military facilities, or not, we do not know, but we doubt that the military would be launching pyrotechnic devices over dry desert terrain.  PD));32.6917;-113.9747
