5 lights hover in a circle around one odd shaped lighted object in Sumner, Washington;2005-03-01 20:05:00;10 minutes;5 lights hover in a circle around one odd shaped lighted object in Sumner, Washington Upstairs looking out my bathroom window, warm evening, scattered, thin clouds that you can see through in the dark-otherwise the night sky was clear in spots. Looking to my left towards town, lots of airplanes in the flight path, one right after another~probably 3 heading towards Sea-Tac International Airport. I look to the right after hearing someone talking kind of loud and excited.  I see 2 lights in the sky very low and bright. As I lean out my window to get a better look, suddenly I see 3 more, they're spaced as if in a circle around 1 different looking thing. I figured the 5 positioned around the center light must be those low flying 'planes' (that hardly make any noise at all). All of them seemed to hover including the center one. They weren't very high in the sky either, lower than planes fly (by the way, they weren't in or near the flight paths) and I'm not hearing anything other than cars going by and loud voices.  My binoculars are old and they don’t get real clear images but the center light especially should’ve been easy to see if I had good binoculars! Anyway, they all sit there for about 3 or 4 minutes and then the center one starts heading to the left. At this point the lights on it looked as though it could be a saucer shape 2 big white lights with a thin blue light behind them with 2 other smaller lights next to the big ones but spread out a little. When it leaned to its right to leave, it got very, very bright. Once accelerating in that direction, it looked like 2 round sections-one on top of the other - one light white and the other a pinkish purple but very soft. I believe they were flashing as it came by pretty close, maybe a couple of blocks away heading towards Edgewood sort of diagonally. Half way there it began jerking back and forth very quickly maybe 3 times and then continued on. After it got by the Yeast Plant it then looked like it was made up of 4 sections that were staggered and they were all a goldish-white almost amber. Turned to look at the other 5 lights and one was already moving in the same direction but was closer to me. It too got very bright as it banked to follow the other one. As it went by, it looked to me like a Thunderbird design. Can't really explain it that well but could draw it. I didn't think about watching the others, not sure if they were still there but wanted to call someone to see if other people had called it in. I figured there were a lot of calls, it being early evening and all the cars I heard go by and the voices I heard must've been watching them too but the officer sounded surprised when I asked him if anyone had called in about them. He said nobody else had called other than me! That really surprises me - I don't know what they were but I really got the feeling at first when I seen this, was that they're actually letting themselves be known. There has been so many things happening around here for months that we can't explain. I don't know if this really covers everything I watched because I am so excited and needed to get this written quickly for future reference. One more thing that has been happening around here for maybe 3 or 4 months, we hear loud popping noises kind of like it sounds if you live close to a military base practicing, sounds like artilliary. But we're too far away to be hearing that, never heard it before and it's at all different times of day and sometimes night, like right now (21:05). They stopped for about 2 weeks recently but started again on Sunday. ((NUFORC Note:  One of five reports from same witness.  PD));47.209;-122.2336
3 Bright White lights or one bright light jumping around.;2014-03-30 20:30:00;15 minutes;3 Bright White lights or one bright light jumping around. Last night, March 30, 2014, about 8:30pm, I was checking the sky, as I often do.  The sky was dark, not raining and from what I could tell – very sparse clouds.   I did a scan of the sky.  As I began to turn away from the slider door, something flashed very brightly in the sky.  It was a white light and looked like it blinked red as well.  I figured it was a plane but I keep my binoculars next to the slider door so I grabbed them.  It took me a few moments to find it again.  Once I did, it seemed as though it was not near the same area as I had first sighted it.   So I have the binoculars up against the glass for stability and to help from letting light onto the door from the living room.  I am watching and suddenly it/they begin blinking in different areas.  It/they were maybe below the flight path or else it/they were further away–it was hard to tell.   I got excited because I was stationary and it/they were jumping around, it seemed as though there could have been three or else it was one and it was jumping around.  The lights seemed to be very bright white light that really shone a ways, I believe that I seen a blue light at one point.  I went outside (had to have my daughter hold the kitten so that she wouldn’t get outside) to get a better look.   It/them did seem further away but still jumping. I had to go back inside because my daughter yelled at me to come back in because the kitten was going crazy and wanted outside.  The whole sighting lasted about 15 minutes.;47.209;-122.2336
Four lights flashed in the sky.;2014-12-30 18:00:00;Seconds;Four lights flashed in the sky. Was turning onto the ramp to get on 167 saw four lights flash in the sky out of the corner of my eye, toward 24th St. E.   Couldn't see anything else.;47.209;-122.2336
2nd sighting of blue beam from sky in Sumner;2015-05-03 00:10:00;~2 minutes;2nd sighting of blue beam from sky in Sumner Friday evening, May 2, 2015, about 10 pm, checked night sky out my slider door and nothing caught my eye.  I thought to myself that it has been a long time since something happened that was definitely unusual, almost no doubting that the sighting is 'different'.  There were not many stars out and the sky was cloudy. Saturday evening, May 3, 2015, I was in my room watching TV and decided to warm up my left over pizza.  I was heating my pizza and checked the sky out the slider door and immediately seen a single blue light, flying about the altitude that a small plane would fly but it was emitting a blue beam angled downward.  It wasn’t very far from my apt. and coming my way.  I grabbed the binoculars but this confused the situation as I think the kids dropped it recently because I seem to get two of things now.  So, now it looked like two blue lights as if one were on each end of a wing.  Set binoculars down and was going to dart to the bedroom and get the camera but didn’t because it would probably be gone by the time I got back.  Grabbed the binoculars again and now it was one red light flashing but the beam was still there.  It was coming towards me so the front of the craft would be facing me and the beam shone out from its left side.  The beam was the same circumference from beginning to end and it ended or was not visible about half way to the ground. It didn’t sway/search but was one steady beam as if it were fixed.  I tried to follow the beam with the binoculars but it would be invisible half way out from where it originated.  I only seen this for about 2 minutes and then it was nearly over the apt and out of sight.  I could not make out any shape of whatever was emitting the beam.  I was in the apt and could not hear a plane or helicopter sound. This immediately reminded me of a similar sighting like this last year.  However, I spotted the object for a longer period however the beam was exactly the same.  It was flying basically over residential neighborhoods but there is a large field in between some housing filled with sheep and livestock.  I wondered last year if it was scoping out the livestock as well.  There was a beautiful full moon out which made the sky very light/bright for midnight.  There were not many clouds but since the sky was so light, it was hard to see many stars.;47.209;-122.2336
LOW BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT CHANGES TO ORANGE.;2015-06-04 23:45:00;10-15 minutes;LOW BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT CHANGES TO ORANGE. Around 11:45 pm on Thursday, June 4th.   I wanted to go outside with the dog to cool off.  We walked out the front door of our apt and turned left.  She was sniffing around for somewhere to pee, and I see this super bright light, low in the sky.   The sky was dark, thin veil of clouds, could barely tell they were there.  Lots of stars out.  This light was odd because it seemed to be located near the flight path,  (Sea-Tac is about 15 miles away) and was extremely low-–lower than the planes flying.  It looked like a bright white light and I couldn’t tell if it was moving.   Sometimes I get self conscious watching the sky because I can imagine what people think of me always watching the sky at night.  My neighbors had their parents in their 5th wheel near where I was standing.   I decided to get my binoculars out of the car and hoped I could see from there so that the neighbor’s parents couldn’t see me.  I could not see anything from the car so walked back to where I had been.  At first, the light looked like one bright white light but as I watched it, it changed to a fiery orange.  That’s when I noticed that it was moving very slowly.  I could tell because there is a row of decorative tall trees at the barrier of the apts and the mobile home park.   The light was above the trees in the beginning but it moved to the left, then lowered a little so it was below the treetops and then moved to the right about 2 trees over.  Once it cleared treetops again, it got very orange and at one point, through the binoculars, it looked almost like two headlights.  Problem is, I think the kids dropped my binoculars because it looks like double vision so not sure if what I seen was really how it looked.  What was odd is that normally when I look through them, if I’m trying to zone in on a single light/star in the night sky these days it looks like two but far apart.  This light looked like two orange headlights close together, really close together.  It kept moving to the right now and it moved back to the left one more time and t! hen must have moved away from my sight beyond the trees because I never saw it come out either side or up over the trees again.   This whole time, the dog was lying down in the grass and her rope was lying near my feet. Suddenly, a cat walked in front of us and the dog lunged to chase it and I nearly fell.  I decided to go in at that time which was about 12:10pm.  This sighting lasted probably 10 to 15 minutes.   It seems that somebody in our town had to have seen this.  I am thinking it was clearly visible near Sumner/Milton border. Many years ago when I lived on Wood Avenue, I had a most amazing sighting – the brightness of that light reminded me of this one as well as how low it was. That sighting lasted about 2 hours and it changed to green, blue and a most beautiful teal color. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Yes, Thursday, June 4th - sorry. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have amended the date  of the sighting above.  PD));47.209;-122.2336
Unusually low lights that broke up and flashed about 20 minutes in Sumner, WA;2017-05-22 04:10:00;20 minutes;Unusually low lights that broke up and flashed about 20 minutes in Sumner, WA May 22, 2017  Yesterday was a beautiful warm day.  The sky was clear with patchy clouds here and there.  As it began getting dark, I was disappointed because as usual, the sky was overcast, and not many stars could be seen. Maybe around 11pm, I was outside having a smoke and looking up to the sky. Night before last, within about 10 minutes, I seen what I think were satellites.  Two separate tiny white lights, like specks, no flashing or any other colors just steady white light zoom across the sky.   Tonight, all of the sudden I see one solid white speck of light but it's much lower than the two that I seen the night before.  Travelling fast, steady white light. I grab the camera but my screen is broken so I can't see what I'm aiming at.  Pointed it in the direction of the light which I can see with my eyes but it's already a bit away from me.  I did manage to capture a few seconds of it on video but the quality is poor. I had some house chores to do and made a late dinner.  Remembered that I needed to send an email with photos attached so went upstairs to do so.  I'm borrowing a computer from a friend and not used to Windows 10 and had to figure out how to download the pics from my camera.  And I got sidetracked... Next thing I know, it's almost 4am!  I turn off the tv and look outside and quickly notice a super bright orange light in the flight path but it seems to be descending. It was very low, grabbed the camera and pointed in it's direction.  Then a bright white light comes from same direction and looks to be slowing down.  I took five separate videos because the lights were busy - doing something for probably 20  minutes.  Two of those videos did not come out. You can hear me on them but no video was recorded until the last few seconds of one. I was surprised and almost couldn't believe what I was seeing.  All together, I think there was at least four lights - low, and they would break into different lights flashing - at one point, the first two lights were making a cross of red, yellow and blue flashing very quickly but that doesn't show on the video.  I'm a bit embarassed of the quality of my video - it's extremely poor - Canon Powershot, video taken outside my upstairs bedroom win! dow through the screen.  Diidn't have another angle accessible for viewing. Got just a bit nervous towards the end of videoing because a couple of the lights seemed to flash close.  Don't know how to describe but my friend and I have captured many videos in the past and sometime when capturing unusual lights - it might not be noticed by the person filming at the time, but upon reviewing, it will seem like the light(s) will suddenly come up on you quick.  Oh, and my cat kept getting in the way.  In one of the videos, there's a weird sound, otherwise, it was quiet outside. I'm estimating some people around the Sumner, Pacific, Edgewood areas HAD TO HAVE SEEN THESE.  I have no idea how low they were but from where I was watching, the lights were below.  I almost called the cops because I've heard of other people doing that  - to see if anyone else had called but it was after 4 am and didn't want to sound like a crack pot.;47.209;-122.2336
I noticed 6 red lights in the nightsky, the lights were evenly spaced with a gap in between.  ((anonymous report));2019-01-29 23:30:00;10 minutes;Out side on my patio, having a smoke.  I noticed 6 red lights in the nightsky, the lights were evenly spaced with a gap in between and the weird thing is there was No Noise!   I watched the for about 10 minutes. The lights seemed to go into the valley and I never seen them come up or over the hill West of town.  Strange very strange… ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.209;-122.2336
