Tiara shaped cluster of lights and a single light departing from it toward the ground.;2005-01-13 21:00:00;1-2 minutes;Tiara shaped cluster of lights and a single light departing from it toward the ground. I was driving NW on 5th in Sumner WA toward the bridge over the Puyallup River when I noticed a group of lights in the sky above and slightly to the left of my position.  This group of lights were clustered in the shape I would describe as a tiara or crown. As i looked at this appearent object a single light departed from the object and descended toward the ground at a sharp angle, looking very much under control- moving steadily on in a straight line toward the Earth. I pulled over to the side of the road, afraid that I might lose sight of the object and rolled down my car window.  The object had been pulsing slowly brighter then dimmer at a slow but steady pace during my observation of it and seconds after I stopped it faded into the clouds.  I remained for a couple minutes to see if it might emerge again, but I saw nothing more.;47.209;-122.2336
Flashing 'star'-like objects near Sumner, WA;2005-02-23 22:03:00;5 minutes;Flashing 'star'-like objects near Sumner, WA 10:03pm   Upstairs looking out my bathroom window with the binoculars.  Within a minute or so, I noticed a flashing ‘star’ above the tree line of North Hill Puyallup.  As I watched it, it flashed red, blue and white, maybe green once in awhile.  It resembled a star except that it was very low in the sky, much lower than airplanes (Sea-Tac International Airport and Auburn Airport are near the vicinity).  I wasn’t sure if it was moving so I braced myself against the side of the window.  It slowly began to move to the right.  I could tell it was by counting the tree tops, after it moved over the 5th tree, it either lowered or else it was moving further away than I thought and began flashing mainly red and white and the white was extremely bright.  I lowered the binoculars and noticed that I could not see it without them.  I decided to scan the skies above the light and seen two airplanes or else they were two of the ’helicopters' or some type of aircraft we’ve been seeing a lot of for a few months.  These usually flash red and green with a white light -like a headlight in the center and the colored lights are one at either side as if on wings, (these crafts are seen every night in this area and they do not make any noise that I can think of - they fly very low at times but one cannot make out a shape. One night two of them were so low that I thought for an instant that they were street lights and when one of them left the area, it was flying below the roof tops of the businesses across the street from my house!) Anyway, the two airplanes were high above the flashing star and seemed to criss-cross, they were both in the flight path (going opposite directions).  This is when I noticed another very bright flashing light closer to me which was just below the flight path and flashing mainly red and white.  It began jerking back and forth quickly for about 4 seconds and then quickly began to move off to the right, past the cell tower across the street from my house heading for Auburn.  I checked back for the first ’star’ and it was still flashing mainly white very far off.  By this time, it was about 10:08pm, that’s when I went downstairs to write this report.  There has been so much going on in this area (Sumner) for months and we have some pretty incredible video footage shot a few weeks ago out my bedroom window, looking towards the football field.  Actually, we have quite a few stories and good video of at least four sightings. ((NUFORC Note:  One of five reports from same witness.  PD));47.209;-122.2336
WATER TANK SHAPE UFO FLOATING OVER HIGHWAY167 SUMNER WA.;2009-08-01 20:00:00;5 minutes;WATER TANK SHAPE UFO FLOATING OVER HIGHWAY167 SUMNER WA. IM SORRY FOR NOT USING A WORD PROCESSOR, I JUST FINALLY SAT DOWN TO AND WANTED TO PUT MY SIGHTING ON RECORD TO SEE IF ANYONE ELSE HAS SEEN WHAT I SAW THAT DAY.   I WAS HEADED NORTH ON HIWAY 167 FROM HIWAY 512 I WAS COMING AROUND THE S CURVES TOWARD SUMNER, WHEN I NOTICED WHAT LOOKED TO BE A WATER OR PROPANE TANK SHAPED OBJECT FLOATING VERTICAL ABOVE HIWAY 167 ABOUT 200FT. 100 OTHER CARS WERE ON THE ROAD AT THE TIME AND I HAVE TO BELIEVE EVERYONE SAW THE THING! THERE IS A SMALL AIRFIELD FOR REMOTE CONTROL AIRPLANES AND WAREHOUSE SIZE BUILDINGS JUST WEST OF HIWAY 167 I LOOKED FOR ANYTHING THAT COULD BE ATTACHED TO FROM THE GROUND BUT SAW NOTHING I GOT CLOSER AND CLOSER TO IT UNTIL I DROVE UNDER IT (I REMEMBER THE WOMAN IN THE PASSENGER SIDE OF THE CAR NEXT TO ME WAS LOOKING UP AT IT AND POINTING SO I KNOW AT LEAST ONE OTHER PERSON NOTICED IT) IT WAS JUST FLOATING THERE!;47.209;-122.2336
Bright white light, flying extremely low and very low sound over Sumner, WA.;2015-08-19 20:25:00;5 15 min;Bright white light, flying extremely low and very low sound over Sumner, WA. About 9:15, went to the library with my dog. We had been seeing a large lop eared bunny in that area for a few nights.  My dog loves to chase squirrels and bunnies. She’s too old and fat to catch them but she enjoys the chase and it gives here exercise. Sky was dark, lots of stars, busy flight path (Sea-Tac Intl airport about 15 or so miles away). It was warm out. I sat on a curb facing the Puyallup River (could be a different river name), that runs behind the library. Noticed a white light moving in the sky very high.  I could tell that it was moving because I could see movement through the leaves and branches of a big maple tree.  I took some pics and only one showed the light and in the pic, it looks like a yellow orb but to my eye, it looked white.  I moved into a large parking area free of trees to get a better look and it looked like a planet – it was not twinkling – just a white light high in the sky.  I was thinking that if one didn’t have a stationary object to use as a reference point, it would be very hard to realize that it was moving – one would probably think it to be a planet. I watched it for about 15 minutes and tried to take a video of it but it was not visible in the camera. Decided to go across the street and walk over to the field between the Post Office and Mc Lendon’s. There had been a car parked in the library parking lot for two nights in a row while we were there and I wanted to keep distance from it.  We began to reach the outer edge of the parking lot when I decided not to walk all the way to the field because I didn’t have my flashlight.  I turned to walk back the way we came when an extremely bright white light, which appeared as a large white orb, very low in the sky, caught my eye.  It was very unusual.  It seemed to be heading in our direction from the middle of town. I moved closer into the McLendon’s parking lot and turned on the recording button on the camera.  I could see it very well and it was bright but the recording didn’t show it as it looked to me and I couldn’t see it through the screen of the camera until it was very close.  There had to be people that seen this thing! It was so low and bright, it had to have caught someone’! s attention.  As it got closer, like almost to the AM PM, it clearly had 5 super bright lights in a row – shaped like princess cut diamonds that sparkled and one red slow blinking light underneath – funny, I did not see any structure to this object for how close it was.  It seemed to have a plane sound but very quiet sound of a plane – which didn’t make sense either.  I felt like I had been standing there observing this thing for a long time and felt self conscious about it  feeling this thing may be a ‘plane’ and here I am recording it in the parking lot, so I quickly turned the camera off after it passed in front of me. If it was a plane – it was the quietest plane I ever seen but then it did not have any structure of a plane. Maybe those 5 bright white lights blinded my vision..?  I wish I would have continued recording it to see if it got into the flight path.  That’s another thing, I am an avid sky watcher in this town and have lived here over 18 years, I have seen a lot o! f things and I have never seen a plane fly the direction that ! it did…but who knows…watch the recording and let me know if you think you know what it is….Thanks. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));47.209;-122.2336
