Bright silver sphere seen in skies above Sumner, Washington-then disappears.;2003-09-27 15:20:00;3minutes;Bright silver sphere seen in skies above Sumner, Washington-then disappears. It was a clear day, not a cloud in the sky and was around 80 degrees. My daughter and I had just stopped at McDonalds and were heading home on Main Street in Sumner, Washington. As we reached the traffic light at Wood Avenue, the light turned red. We were stopped behind one car and had a view of the down town area. I looked down the street and up to the sky and seen a silver sphere high in the sky. It was gleaming cuz the sun was reflecting off of it which had caught my eye. I'm not sure if it was rotating but I got the feeling it was. I am not sure of the distance but seemed to be close to the flight pattern the airplanes travel on their way to Sea-Tac International Airport. Just as I was going to bring it to my daughter's attention - it disappeared. One minute it was there, shining brightly and the next it was gone. This is the second time I've seen a bright silver, sphere disappear in the skies but the first time was in August of this year while we were in Dresslerville, Nevada. At that time, my daughter seen it too however it disappeared to me but she swears she still could see it at which time we turned left away from the object - that day was also clear, no clouds and around 90 degrees. I've had many questionable sightings but one amazing sighting in June of 1975 in Bonney Lake, Washington coming down Highway 410 into Sumner. That also was a bright sunny day without any clouds. This craft was silverish and saucer shaped but with a dome on top. At the bottom of the dome was huge bright lights that reminded me of strobe lights, blinking around the bottom of the dome. My stepdad (non-believer) brought it to my attention and as I looked out of driver's side window I was totally astonished to see this. This craft stayed nearly parallel with us as we almost reached the 2nd exit to Sumner. It sped up and was over the Rivergrove apartments when it just vanished. This sighting lasted about 10 minutes and I've been searching the skies ever since. ((NUFORC Note:  One of five reports from same witness.  PD));47.209;-122.2336
Bright orange/red spheres above Sumner, WA.;2015-06-13 21:50:00;20 minutes;Bright orange/red spheres above Sumner, WA. Took dog for a walk.  We were on our way back home, walking down Elm Street.  I turned to my left, looked up and seen a bright orange light in the sky.  The brightness excited me because not many known aircraft are bright orange around here.   The night was warm, the sky dark and clear, many stars out.  I thought to myself, that's super bright.  Walked a few steps, looked again and it was coming in my direction.  I had my binoculars in  my bag as I am always watching the sky.  I looked thru them and could see that it was definitely bright orange and sphere shaped and was drifting in my direction.  I watched it for about 30 seconds and it just disappeared.  I thought to myself, 'that was weird'.  And continued walking for about 30 steps and looked back.  There was another one or the same one???  It was further back then the last one I seen. So, I stop and look thru binoculars and it looks like the first one but has red tiny spots inside the sphere.  I lower the binoculars and suddenly another appears behind where it appeared.  I am super curious now and watching the second one which is heading towards the same direction as the one before it.  I'm not good with directions so all I can say is that they all appeared just above the flight path, above a field next to Mission Avacados, most of them appeared there, bright red and rose up above the horizon and moved to the east towards Lake Tapps area except one would always move in my direction.  One after another they would fade out and disappear.   This time, I walked about 1/2 a block to the 4 way stop at Parker Rd & Elm and here's two more.  I began watching them and then two more appeared.  The ones that closest to me, did not emit any sounds.  None of them moved past me.   This time one appeared directly across from one and began moving quickly to the other one - I thought! they would collide but it just moved directly underneath.  Then moved across so they looked like headlights, coming in my direction and then they disappeared, all of them gone.  Sometimes, I get a little paranoid and to get to my apts, there is a big field and I was nervous about it.  That's when I fell in a hole and scratched up both of my knees! We come around the corner and no lights.  I get in the apt and ask my daughter where the camera is and in my search for it out in the car, I see another bright orange light in the sky.   I wanted to video it but once I found the camera it was too late. Throughout this sighting, I seen at least 3 airplanes flying about.  The very first observation of these lights was around 10:50 pm The last observation was about 11:25 pm. :;47.209;-122.2336
