Black, triangle, batman shaped object flew several hundred yards in front of vehicle in an almost arc motion was witnessed approx 3 sec;2012-08-17 02:00:00;4 seconds;Black, triangle, batman shaped object flew several hundred yards in front of vehicle in an almost arc motion was witnessed approx 3 sec While driving on southbound I-5 right before the 410 on ramp between Sumner, WA. and Puyallup, WA. on the early morning hours of August 17th, approximately 2:00 AM, my wife and I witnessed a large black, almost triangle shape object fly through the sky from east to west of our peripheral view at what appeared to be very close.(maybe a couple hundred yards away) It sounds nuts but it was almost a large batman shape.(the man not the logo)  My wife and I then asked each other if we had both seen something strange to verify, to find out yes we had both seen something indeed. About 30 minutes later when we had arrived home(still confused and pale faced) we both sat down in different rooms and made a drawing of what we saw.  Both pictures were quite simple and similar. We later talked about details and came to the agreement that it had no lights and little detail.  Since it was dark and we were doing freeway speeds we only saw it for about 3 seconds to watch it disappear into a valley with houses behind the blocking guard rail.;47.209;-122.2336
Black triangle, no lights. Flying must faster than commercial plane or heliocopter.  W to E.;2020-07-10 15:30:00;30 seconds;Black triangle, no lights. Flying must faster than commercial plane or heliocopter.  W to E. Black triangle flying from Tacoma towards Mount Rainer (West to East direction).  Flying over head very high.  Thought it was an eagle at first because is was small and looked like it was soaring like an eagle.  As it came closer and over head, I realized it was some sort of air craft. Looked like a black triangle.  No wings or lights.  I did hear the air craft sounds, like a plane flying overhead.  Total time of sighting was appx 30 second or less.  Flying opposite of regular SEATAC air traffic.  And not flying the North/South route smaller planes and helicopters mostly take.;47.209;-122.2336
