We live on a farm in southern Stafford County, Kansas, I went out on our deck and I noticed two bright lights in oblong form that were;2020-03-29 22:00:00;2 hours;We live on a farm in southern Stafford County, Kansas, I went out on our deck and I noticed two bright lights in oblong form that were set off from each other and I went and retrieved my binoculars. I called for my husband to come out and look at them. I looked through my binoculars using both lenses and it appeared to be the oblong form with a single bar of light the other object was changing colors. I decided to use one of the lenses and then the shape of the object scared the crap out of me. It was like a diamond shaped orb with lights running in sections from top to bottom, it reminded me of a crab shell.   I texted my neighbor who lives .25 miles to the north of us who doesn’t have as many trees surrounding their farmstead as we have, then asked her to go out on her deck to see if she could see anything. She called me back and asked what am I looking for and I heard her husband let out a curse word and said that is what she is talking about. There was o! ne that was not too far from their home and then they counted up to 10 of the objects throughout the area. I got in my vehicle and drove up to their home and after I arrived they said the bigger one had just flown like a comet directly south after hovering for the 15 minutes between the time we had talked on the phone and we I drove into their yard. The objects would hover then slowly move to the west. One of the objects was SE of their home and I thought it was a satellite at first but then it started going in circles like a drone that had a drunk operator but the altitude was too high for a drone. Then it headed straight south. Those that had been in the west started to move south. They all would move a good distance then start hovering again, and continued the pattern. The objects observed would change from white lights to green to red and then stay white while hovering and then change colors again. I looked at the SpaceX website and they didn’t look anything like the photos of those satellites. I looked at the photos of the drones that had been plaguing Western Nebraska and Eastern Colorado and the objects we saw were not drones. The objects we saw hovered at a higher altitude. This wasn’t the first time I saw the objects. I saw them on Saturday the 29th of March and right after I spotted one it flew east light a comet. The other one was still hovering but I thought it might be a large helicopter but now I don’t think it was because it was exactly what I saw last night. The observers were a retired farmer, a working professional with pipeline companies, the owner of a custom harvesting company and his wife. We are level headed and have never seen any type of strange objects in the sky before. This is a very crazy time right now and was not expecting to see any objects we couldn’t identify in the sky that for sure.;38.0017;-98.7613
