Smooth Shiny Cylinder;2000-10-10 07:30:00;30seconds;Smooth Shiny Cylinder We were working  in the middle of a local elementary school field when my partner notices this shiny craft high in the morning sky.It was a shiny glowing silver cylinder.We watched this craft travel on a straight path from horizon to horizon.It only made a jet like sound when it was over head for about 10 seconds.The sound started suddenly and ended suddenly.It did not produce a vapor trail.It was on the flight path from Alaska to Bangor Washington. We often see the U.S.fighters traveling this path from base to base to base and they are easy to identify.This cylinder had no identifying marks.Could this be a new Air Forse spy plane? Is it possible to let me know if anybody else knows anything about these cylinders.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Tube shaped Object;2001-07-01 21:20:00;approx: 20 minutes;Tube shaped Object I received a telephone call from a man who resides in Victoria, on Vancouver Island, British Columbia. He reports that himself and two other friends saw an object sitting at approx: 100 feet from the ground. The sighting took place right downtown in Victoria, B.C. over the Calwood Hills. (Witnesses description to where the object was seen). He said there is the break water running along Dallas Road, and from here you can look over what is called the Calwood Hills, in the Calwood area which is over a small stretch of water called the Esquimalt Lagoon. The witnesses were out taking a walk right down at the waters edge at sunset and fortunately one of the men had a pair of binoculars with him. One of the fellows looked up and thought he was seeing a very large airplane over the Calwood Hills. The distance between the witnesses and the hills was approx: 3 to 4 miles away.  When they all realized what they were seeing was not an airplane they got very excited and went on to explain the shape of the object to me. One witnesses described the object as being tube shaped, or like the fuselage of a large aircraft just sitting stationary in one position. Even though the sun was setting behind the craft, they could see it glowing brightly from the objects side facing the three men. It was slightly tilted at about a 20 degree angle then moved slowly down behind the hills. The men stood watching for approx 20 minutes more to see if they could catch another glimpse of it. It was about 9:45 p.m. and completely dark at this time when the object came back up and sat just above the trees. Finally they remembered they had the binoculars with them, and started to pass them around so everyone could get a good look at it. After watching it for about another 10 minutes it slowly dropped back down again. Due to having a young child with them at the time, and it was getting cooler they decided to head back home.  The fellow I talked with still went on with a few more details about what he had saw. When the object dropped down for the last time, he said it would have been right over a small lake, called Prospect Lake which is spring fed. He also said the lake itself was only a half kilometer across at the most. After thinking about it, he wondered if the object was dropping down to pick up water. The fellow claims that what was witnessed was larger than two of the biggest aircraft he knows of, even with them being so far away. There were no wings visible on the structure.  I would like to thanks the folks for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for this report.  The date of the incident may be approximate, althought neither the investigator, nor witness, indicates that fact.  PD));48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
shiny smoothly object  in clear sky above Victoria BC, Canada spotted by at least 3 people;2003-02-04 13:35:00;2 minutes;shiny smoothly object  in clear sky above Victoria BC, Canada spotted by at least 3 people Before I went shopping on this shiny day I dropped some garbage in the litter box outside of our appartment building. I met the neighbour and she said she saw some objects in the sky moving very fast and then stand still and then moving again. I looked up the sky and saw nothing. She said that they went behind a cloud. I thought she was crazy because the clouds I saw were like a thin veil.... I joked that we were probably infaded by aliens. She repeated that they were moving very fast. I walked back into the appartment building and went out the other side to walk to the grocery store with my fiancee. I talked about it with her and on Fort street we looked up the sky and there was one of them... a shiny, smoothly moving object, no wings, no bird.... it was really strange. My fiancee saw it as well and couldn't really figure out what the shape was (we saw it for approx 15 secs). I didn't meet my neighbour again today, but I will definitely ask her some questions because she must have seen it for a longer period of time. I also called the police short of the spotting, but they didn't have other callers yet that spotted this event. On the radio there were no reports. On our way back from the grocery store we saw some people (3) with a video camera taping the sky, but if they were taping a telephone pole or the sky wasn't clear to us and we didn't ask because they were on the other side of the busy street. In the direction they were pointing their camera was nothing to see. My fiancee was joking that the Americans were keeping an eye on us. I kept looking on our way back, but didn't see it again, nor did I see my neigbour. (As soon as I have more info I will add that here). ((NUFORC Note:  We will request a report from the fiancee, as well.  NUFORC has received a number of reports like this one, in recent months.  PD));48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
