My wife and I observed a dark brown/black disk shaped object with a dome of sorts on its top.;2001-12-31 23:20:00;20 seconds;My wife and I observed a dark brown/black disk shaped object with a dome of sorts on its top.  I did not report this to you yesterday after having seen the object (although I did send an email to the local newspaper asking whether anyone else had seen the object), as I was hesitant to do so since, firstly, we both thought perhaps it was a balloon of some sort, and secondly because I had previously reported a star-like object making erratic movements some months ago, and felt that my credibility may have been suspect by making a second report - this one more 'outrageous' than the first.   However, I do want to report this, primarily because I would like to find out whether the object has in fact been positively identified as a balloon, and/or whether anyone else had seen it.  As it was travelling due south, it may have been observed by others in Victoria, and in Port Angeles.  In any event this is what I/we saw: I had the day off from work (I work as a paralegal with the B.C. ((deleted/government employee))) and after a night of poor sleep, I thought to get a nap on the livingroom couch at about 11:15.  Unable to fall asleep as planned, I lay on the couch looking out the livingroom window. Within a few minutes the object came into view and, in relation to a highrise about 9 stories high about a block from our home, it appeared to be moving somewhat above the highrise and to its left (east).  I generally do not like to speculate on an object's height unless I know how large it is in fact, and cannot say how large this object was. I can say that if one scaled the object down, it was when I first saw it about the size of a twonie (two-dollar coin) held at arms length, in otherwords quite large.  Admittedly, I was wearing my glasses which are not a precise prescription (I usually wear my contact lenses when out and about - which actually give me slightly better than 20/20 vision). Had the object been much farther away, I would not have seen it well enough even to think it may have been something unusual.  However, because of its relatively close proximity, I was able to see what appeared to be a dome on its top and a disk shaped underside that seemed to dip slightly back and forth while moving generally south. Again, it is unfortunate that I was not wearing my contacts, since I believe that it also tipped slightly at an angle forward in a south east direction (imagine holding a pan in front of you and tipping it forward to look at its bottom), revealing its underside, and at that same time swooped a few degrees to the left and back before resuming a straight course south.  Like I say I would have gotten a much clearer view had I worn my contacts.   Shortly after seeing it and realizing it was something unusual, I called to my wife Leann (a teacher, off for the Christmas break)who was in another room.  She came quickly to the livingroom. I pointed through the window to the object, and said what is that?.  At the time that she arrived it had moved far enough off and was less than the size of a dime at arms length. She ran for the binoculars, but by the time we got out the front door for a clear look it had disappeared.  I asked Leann if she had seen the dome on the top, which she did.  She seemed to think it may have been a balloon, and because I was not seeing it as clearly as I might have, I have been inclined to defer to her better eyesight.  However, a few things seem to militate against it being a balloon: 1) it was moving very quickly and it was not windy (at least not at ground elevation) 2) it appeared to slow down, almost hover, and then accelerate 3) it moved side to side 4) it was disk shaped and dark - what balloon has these characteristics? In any event, I am not drawing any conclusions and really only want to find out if I am corroborating other sightings. ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION)) Mr. Davenport: Thanks for the reply.  Yes, you may pass on my report and this email to the UFO BC group.  Perhaps they are in contact with those parties who would know whether or not a weather balloon was in the sky at the time. I neglected to mention in my report that later yesterday evening, during a New Year's evening get-together, a fellow mentioned that he and some co-workers had seen the object while taking a break at the time (which he thought was about 11:30 am).  They work at ((deleted)), a ((deleted)) operation located approximately a block to the west of where our house is situated (this is an in-city operation -  near downtown Victoria).  ((name deleted)), the fellow who said he saw the object, said he didn't pay that much attention to it, but indicated that his co-workers were looking at it with some degree of excitement, as they also were not certain what it was.  I understand, however, that they decided in the end that it Just have been a balloon.  This is, of course, hearsay, and if you'd like I can ask ((name deleted)) to get one or more of his co-workers who saw the object to contact you.   As I mentioned in my HMTL report, it seems to me that there are reasons for thinking that this was not a balloon, but my curiosity has been sufficiently twigged that I would like to find out if any weather balloons were in the sky at the time (it almost certainly wasn't a regular blow-up balloon).  If there were, then it seems we could rule out other possibilities.  Frankly, I don't know what weather balloons look like - if they are dark/black and disk-shaped and generally move quite rapidly at relatively low altitude, then I suppose that is what this could have been.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
fuzzy edged, disklike object, unable to determine altitude or speed due to its appearance, flew in a staight line without course change;2003-09-26 15:00:00;1 minute;fuzzy edged, disklike object, unable to determine altitude or speed due to its appearance, flew in a staight line without course change My wife and I were at Albert Head Lagoon, near Victoria enjoying a day on the beach, when my wife pointed out an object in the sky.  I saw what appeared to be a greyish blue disk-shaped flying vehicle that rapidly approached us from the ocean and passed over our heads. I was unable to estimate the size or hieght of the object due to its fuzzy appearance (it seemed to be indistinct along its edges).  There was another aircraft in the sky nearby the flight path of the object a biplane which was doing some stunt practice at about 4000'.  The other aircraft did not seem to change course when the object flew across its flight path, but I'm not sure if that is because it was above or below the biplane. The object flew over our heads to the left side of us (at about 11:00 high) and looked to me like a greyish fuzzy object that got darker in the middle.  My wife said that it had a pattern or markings on it, but I couldn't see anything like that. There was no sound from the object, and that surprised me as there was little to no noise from the ocean (no wind). Its flight path was a straight line from the south to the north without any course changes.  My wife said that she'd noticed a similar object a few moments before but hadn't mentioned it.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
Metallic saucer puts on a show in plain view , broad daylight in busy populated area.;2009-05-29 16:30:00;7-8 minutes;metallic saucer puts on a show in plain view, broad daylight in busy populated area. My wife of twenty years is a total unbeliever. Today has changed that factor for the rest of her life . Because I have had a previous experience I am a firm believer .  What I saw in 77 changed my attitude for life . I have watched the sky diligently ever since . What I saw today was even more than I witnessed back then. Whenever the wife and I are out, if I witness anything in the sky that is not immediately identifiable I say,  There's a ufo.   It's just good clean fun and wishful thinking, until this afternoon at 4:45pm . We are driving east on McKenzie avenue , a very busy street in Victoria bc Canada.  Total clear sky . I spot an object directly in front of us fluttering in the sky , I say the usual comment . It gets closer and we keep trying to figure out what it is . My first thought is a hi tec kite , she says &quotaluminum weather balloon. It keeps getting closer , it is rather large , I would say it is within one mile and approx 1000 feet high . It is a perfectly round disc . metallic , darker on one side with a red dome on the shiny titanium looking side . It fluttered and danced in all directions . It even turned totally sideways and looked as thin as a pancake with a red dome . I told her at this point &quotyou are witnessing a flying saucer &quot She does not argue . We watch it for approx 3-4 minutes . Yes , I was in shock myself even though I have always believed . All the time I am driving in four lane traffic . I almost rear ended a guy. We were stopped at a red light , the guy next to me was not even looking at it . I wanted to say hey buddy can you tell me what I am looking at up there , I said nothing and just kept watching it . It was the classic saucer , seamless , it floated effortlessly and did all kinds of zig zags . We phoned radio and TV and no reports . I did notice some people on bikes pointing and watching . However , we are talking a very very busy road , four lanes of traffic , in a very busy part of the city. classic Eventually it turns north away from us , I actually thought of trying to follow it but I could see it was moving fairly steady , I did not try to chase after it . I already knew what I saw and it was as clear as my hand in front of my face. No one will convince me that military has such an object . This was the same type of description I have heard of since the 50's. If an army had these we would probably be in a one world government situation. It is a good thing the wife and I saw it together because It is unbelievable unless you see it , even if you are a believer as I have always been. I can only imagine what the wife must be going through as she has been a total non believer all of her life. I think they are getting us ready , to show up like that in such a populated area , bewildering and mind boggling . I think of all the nights I have spent checking the sky , then I am driveling through the city on the way to my moms for dinner , and the most spectacular , amazing event of my life happens .;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
Object cross the mountains at high velocity color grey metalic. the video is on youtube now...  http://youtu.be/hIa3fet_SZQ;2013-10-05 15:45:00;6 seconds;Object cross the mountains at high velocity color grey metalic.  the video is on youtube now...   http://youtu.be/hIa3fet_SZQ From My Balcony I was filming a seaplane, but suddenly an object cross the sky and go down behind the mountains, the color was grey metallic, and it was moving At high velocity.  He is almost invisible at normal video speed, but when I slow motion down the video we see it flying very fast behind the mountains Port Angele's USA.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
While my Mother and I watched the sun set in a clear sky over the Sooke Hills, a stationary disk appeared south of our line of sight.;2017-10-15 18:10:00;20 minutes;While my Mother and I watched the sun set in a clear sky over the Sooke Hills, a stationary disk appeared south of our line of sight.  After 15 minutes a very unusual cloud appeared covering the object.  Behind the object infront of the sunset separate aircraft reflecting the sun appeared leaving contrails over about 20 minutes.  The object may have reappeared 20 minutes later a little further south towards the USA.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
