Uh, date is very approximate.  It happened within a year of the summer of 1990.  Event occurred mid-afternoon on a bright, clear summer;1990-07-01 14:00:00;15 seconds;Uh, date is very approximate.  It happened within a year of the summer of 1990.  Event occurred mid-afternoon on a bright, clear summer day over the city of Victoria, B.C., Canada.  I was in a backyard, in the city, looked up and noticed, flying directly overhead, apparently very high up, an object.  It flew right over the city.  It was roughly football-shaped.  Both ends were the same, and more rounded than a football. Its shape was approximately a marriage between a football and a watermelon.  Oblong.  It looked sort of like a pod.  Very symetrical. It had smooth, distinct, well-defined boundaries.  Definitely an object - a craft - and obviously artificial.  And it definitely had no wings. Its surface appearance was a light...dull...silvery...metallic.  But...  I dunno.  The surface seemed to my eyes somehow...a bit odd.  Not blurry. It was quite clear and distinct.  And yet...I couldn't seem to see the surface of it clearly.  So it confused me some.  I wondered: what was I seeing? The object was flying too high to make out any surface detail.  It appeared to be featureless.  I saw absolutely no evidence of any wings, nor windows, nor anything that would have allowed me to know that it was some sort of aircraft. It was utterly unlike any aircraft I had ever seen, or ever have seen.  And it was *really* moving.  In fact, it startled me, how fast it appeared to be flying. I said, to two other people who were with me, What is that?  I pointed up at it.  They both looked up, and they both also saw the object. One of my friends suggested that it was a cruise missile.  (Like he could immediately see for himself that it was not an airplane or a jet.) (Some cruise missile testing has been conducted in Canada, but I doubt that any such tests have occurred over Vancouver Island.) I said no, cruise missiles are long, like cigars.  That is definitely *not* a cruise missile.  It looked to be totally the wrong shape, and far too large to be a missile, and it was also flying way too high, and travelling too fast.  Usually cruise missiles travel close to the ground.  The object I saw was at very high altitude. Several things about that object have left a lasting impression. (1) It appeared to be flying very high.  I would estimate that its altitude was likely several kilometers. (2) It appeared to be *big*.  I guessed that it was probably approximately the size of a small house.  I got the impression from observing it that its body was much larger than the body of any aircraft I'd ever seen.  I've been around Hercules transport, and even flown on one. They are quite large aircraft.  So I konw their size.  The body on this thing looked to be a lot fatter than a Herc's.  This is guessing, as you can understand, because I was seeing this thing from a considerable distance.  But right above me, on a clear day.  Its size would naturally depend on its distance.  But what my brain was telling me was: it was big, and very high up. (3) It was also really moving.  I guessed that it was probably travelling at approximately Mach 2.  It was in sight for only about 15 seconds. In that time it travelled all the way overhead.  It was just racing across the sky, at several degrees of angular travel, per second. It was definitely *not* a meteorite.  No glow, and it looked definitely *constructed*.  I could see it very clearly. I saw first it when it was almost directly overhead.  I was just stretching or something, looked up, and bingo.  I'd say it was moving at about 5 degrees of arc per second.  Fast. If the object I saw was at high altitude - several kilometers up - and it did appear to be, very high up, that means that it was going pretty fast. Probably supersonic. (4) It was totally silent.  That struck as me as strange.  I was listening intently for some engine sound, or possibly even a sonic boom. Because I thought it was probably flying faster than the speed of sound.  So I naturally expected to hear something, maybe even a boom. But I heard: *nothing*.  Just silence.  It didn't make a sound.  I heard from it not even the faintest whisper of an engine.  Just silence. So I thought: whoa.  That is pretty weird.  Why can't I hear that thing? And I was really pondering then.  There's this...high performance craft of some sort, flying high up, probably at close to Mach 2, yet it is *silent*. And I wondered, how can any aircraft move that fast, apparently supersonically, yet make *no* sound? I kept listening.  I heard no engine sound no boom, no anything.  It just seemed so strange. But it also *looked* weird.  Like a football.  Something with no wings.  Flying. (5) And no contrail.  No hint of any conventional engine.  It was flying along like it was propelled by magic. For those several reasons - its apparent size (big), its shape (weird, round, no wings), it's apparent altitude (very high up), its apparent velocity (fast), but especially its acoustic stealth...it all kind of spooked me.  I thought: wow, whatever that is, it's *really* different.  If it's some sort of experimental aircraft, some new kind of jet, that a human pilot is flying, then it must have a pretty wickedly *different* engine in it.  Powerful, for one thing. Because it seemed to be really travelling overhead, and effortlessly.  I'd gues that even the most advanced scram(?) engines that are capable of pushing an aircraft that fast, or faster (even to Mach 5), must make a lot of *noise*, yes? I kept wondering, as I stared at it, what kind of airplane looks like a football, has no wings and is *silent*?  I just kept staring up at it in awe. Now, bear in mind, I am a skeptic.  I think a lot of the reports are due to either intoxication or imagination or are just bull.  But my report is sincere. I have attended university and I have worked in a scientific field.  (Earth physics.)  I have studied science.  (Physics.)  I'm a very logical person.  I do not believe easily.  I always want *evidence* before I believe something.  But on that sunny summer day...I figure that I got some evidence, with my own eyes.  Enough.  I saw something really strange in the sky.  Enough to warrant a report, I think. To this day I have a lot of difficulty believing that what I saw that summer day, about 12 years ago, flying high overhead, was designed and built by humans.  Because every time I've seen an aircraft flying overhead - even if it's flying at 35,000 feet - I can always *hear* something. Always.  I used to listen to jets flying over the North Pole, way up.  Intercontinental jets on their way from South Korea to Europe, or the other way, over the pole.  (We were on their flight path.  I was posted at a weather station up there for a while.)  And I could always hear the jets flying over, no matter how high they were.  Even when one was just a tiny dot in the sky.  Even then.  Always.  And I could always see wings on it.  Moreover, I could always see their contrails.  Hot gases condense, cool, and form clouds behind the jets, when they're high up.  Hot gas plus cold air leave a trail.  But this thing left no trail.  Apparently very high up, in the atmosphere, yet no sound from it, and no trail.  No wings.  An absolutely quiet football, passing quickly right overhead.  It was rather spooky, in fact. And perhaps more importantly, the many jets I've seen fly overheard - at approximately, apparently, the same altitude - were not moving nearly as fast as the thing I saw that day appeared to be moving.  Jets travelling at around 35,000 feet and at roughly 3/4 the speed of sound move across the sky rather slowly.  They just kind of creep along.  They move at maybe one degree or so of arc per second.  Ballpark. So it takes them about a full minute from the time you can first see them until they are out of sight.  So call that 180 degrees, from horizon to horizon.  Divide that by 60 seconds, that is roughly 3 degrees of arc per second, give or take. The object I saw that day covered about 90 degrees in only about 15 seconds.  That's roughly 6 degrees per second, or twice as fast. If it was indeed flying at the very high altitude that I thought it was flying, that means that it was travelling at something like 1200 or 1400 miles per hour, or almost Mach 2.  Almost certainly faster than the speed of sound.  Should be a shock wave from that.  So logic told me, that thing should create a sonic *boom*.  I knew it had a powerful engine, pushing it - it had to be, to go that fast - so I should hear some sort of sonic bang.  And if was flying at a *lower* altitude than I thought it is, then it should definitely be able to hear its engine. But what did I hear?  I heard nothing.  I heard absolutely *nothing* from it.  Not a blessed sound. So I was getting kind of weirded out about this, you know.  I was trying to make all the pieces fit, logically, in my mind, and they just wouldn't fit. I had no way to objectively know that object's true size or altitude or speed.  And I realize that they all factor together.  If I was wrong about its altitude, then I'd be wrong about its speed, and also about its size.  But I saw it very distinctly, quite clearly, for a good many seconds, and I was studying it.  I think my gut instincts are pretty good.  My hearing is pretty good, too.  I did not hear a whisper from that thing. Not a whisper.  Just silence. Then after it was gone, I began to reason it out.  (Or tried to.)  OK.  I just saw something that had no wings.  Definitely no wirngs.  Yet...it was flying. OK.  That's pretty weird but...a high performance jet that has no wings....  Hey, they make them every day.  In fact, there are some craft we've built that have hardly any wings.  (For example, the space shuttle has hardly any wings.)  This thing that I saw - I am sure - had no wings at all. None.  A flying football.  But also....  No engine sound.  Ergo, no engine, either.  And to me, that's altogether another matter.  No wings is one thing. No engine is...whoa.  Over the line. And that is why, despite my healthy skepticism, I have some *doubt* that humans built the thing with no wings that I saw that day, high up in the sky, and moving very fast.  It bothers me.  I still can't make all the pieces.  Unless we didn't build it.  Then...everything fits. Years later I read and heard about an object that apparently flew right *under* (and close to) a British passenger airliner, as it was crossing the Atlantic Ocean.  At some considerable risk to his career, that pilot bravely (and officially) reported a UFO that I believe was of similar size and shape, to my object.  I believe he reported something that was shaped approximately like a watermelon, or a football, i.e. round? And *big*.  Bigger than his airliner.  And he said it was also travelling a lot faster.  He estimated it was moving at least twice as fast as him. It just whizzed by him.  Now that would mean that it was moving faster than the speed of sound.  He was going maybe 500 or 600 mph, so it was going roughly 1,000 or 1,200 mph.  Maybe even 1400 mph.  He said it passed right under him! So he expected to feel some turbulence from it, but in their statements, he and his co-pilot both said that they felt *nothing*.  Not even a bump. They also reported that they heard *nothing*.  That the object that passed by them was silent. Now, I believe that pilot indeed saw what he claimed that he saw.  After what I saw, I believe him.  And it's occurred to me that that sighting (a fairly respectable sighting) - by two professional airline pilots (who had a lot to lose by reporting what they saw) - matches up reasonably well with what I saw with my own eyes, from a distance of several kilometers, about 12 years ago. In both cases, it was something *big*.  It was round, and fast, and silent.  I think *I* have seen that one, too.  Maybe I saw the same craft, or type of craft, as they saw.  There is bound to be some overlap in the appearance reported, if they are real.  If at least one is real. Whatever it is, I know - for pretty sure - that it's something approximately as big as a house, and it can move very fast - definitely supersonically - and yet it evidently does not disturb the atmosphere around it, and therefore it makes no sound.  Somehow, it just slices through the air without creating any turbulence or wake or chaotic vortex behind it.  It can move faster than sound, without creating a sonic boom.  Its propulsion system Is, I can verify, dead silent.  Now...you tell me, please, what sort of aircraft we (humans) have built that could possibly fit that description. Because I'm not aware of any.  And I suspect that not even the U.S. military are aware of any.  Unless they do know, about those things, and they're keeping their mouths shut.  Maybe to keep our sensitive brains from overloading.  :) I suspect that it will be a very long time before *we* know how to build something like what I saw.  Whatever it was, it just kissed the sky, a nice silent kiss.  I would call it the ultimate in graceful flying machine.  Thinking back now, on what I observed, during those few seconds... I'd have to say that it was not only impressive, but beautiful.  Somehow...elegant.  Such a remarkable craft!  To fly without any wings!  Wow! If you ever saw it, I know it would be enough to make your jaw drop, when you witnessed it for yourself, zipping along, lickety-split, and passing quickly overhead, silently, like God throwing a silver football.  You don't hear a thing.  That's pretty neat. I suppose the whole subject of UFOs alarms some people.  But if I may speak to the issue of fear.  Personally I regard it as unwarranted.  Or at the very least, as unhelpful.  It can only cloud our thinking on the issue.  Of whether or not some extraterrestrial intelligence does indeed exist in the proximity of the Earth.  I don't know if it does.  It may. They don't scare me.  I never felt scared, or alarmed.  Instead, I felt...awe.  I remember feeling just very impressed.  And I still feel that way, all these years later.  As the amusing Pat Paulsen once said, there is nothing to fear, except fear itself.  And of course, the bogeyman!  :) I figure that if they are up there, cruising around, as though our atmosphere is their playground and race track, they are probably not bugs, or critters, like us.  They are probably not green, or grey.  They are probably not even alive, in the same sense that we use that term. My own personal speculation (if I may be allowed that here) is that the pilot onboard that quite incredible craft I saw (if not human, and if that craft was not of human design) was probably the equivalent of a very advanced robot.  Maybe I saw a probe.  Something...probably self-repairing, highly intelligent, and autonomous. Perhaps - I merely speculate here, because I *doubt* that we made the thing I saw - the pilot and the craft were one and the same.  Maybe I saw one of the same sorts of things that weve sent out, to explore other planets.  Unmanned.  Yet still capable of doing a lot.  But a *lot* more sophisticated, and a lot more capable.  Maybe - just maybe - *one* of their probes, centuries or even thousands or perhaps even millions of years ago, found a planet with bugs on it.  So it set about building more probes, using materials it found here, and now they are *all* busy studying us.  :) I don't know.  I'm just throwing that out as the most reasonable explanation, as I see it, if there *is* (indeed) something of an extraterrestrial nature in or around our atmosphere, and present there fairly often.  There certainly do seem to be a lot of sightings, including a large percentage that some from very reasonable and responsible people, who have no interest in hoaxing anyone. If you don't believe me, fine.  But I *know* what I saw. As I see, machine intelligence (only) would get around the long flight time problem.  Let's suppose that matter indeed *cannot* travel faster than light, so even their fastest spacecraft travel at less than.  A robot probably wouldn't care how many centuries it took to reach another star. Even if it took 10,000 years for it to get from there to here, so what?  A well-designed, very advanced, sophisticated, intelligent, self-repairing probe could still be in perfect working order after many centuries, or even thousands of years.  In fact, in theory, even a million years could pass, and it could still be fully functional.  That would violate none of the laws of physics. I'm not a UFO nut, at all.  I actually have not a great amount of interest in it, because I think hard evidence will be very difficult to come by. Basically if they're up there, I figure they're too smart and too fast for us.  So doubtful we'll ever be able to capture one, or even real close to one. But from all that I've read, and seen, of video clips of sightings - and there are now quite a number (including at least one video of things flitting around in space near rocket launches, caught on film).... I'd humbly suggest to everyone that the behavior of those apparently ET vehicles that many have seen (maybe myself included) is probably best described (and understood) as the behavior of quite logical and advanced *machines*, rather than the behavior of living creatures. They do not seem to much care what we think, do they?  To my mind, that says: machines.  Smart, analytical, but otherwise mostly devoid of sentiment. In any event, if they *are* here (and I am not suggesting they are, because I don't know what I saw), they may just be doing science.  Studying. Collecting data.  Curiosity is a trait we should easily understand.  We - as a species - are very curious ourselves.  We are already exploring other planets, too.  I'm sure that if those craft are real, and alien in origin, and are piloted by machines (as I suggest), then those machine are still many times smarter than humans. That is a logical assumption too, I think, because suppose they started exploring space just 100,000 years ago.  In less than a hundred years, from now - and maybe in only a few decades - *we* will have machines that are much smarter than us.  So...truly advanced (artificial) minds on those craft is not that hard to imagine.  If you work it out, using carbon nanotubes and molecule-scale processors, one cubic centimeter of their processor cores could have approximately the processiong power of about a billion Pentium IVs processors.  So an alien processor even a meter cubed would dwarf all of our computers, and maybe all of our minds as well. Put in those terms, one of those ships wouldn't have much to worry about, in terms of being outsmarted, or outclassed. As I see it, there is no inherent reason why even very advanced, intelligent probes should want or seek any direct or intentional contact with us. That doesn't fit within the agenda of study.  Especially if we seem to them to be very primitive.  And I wouldn't argue with them on that point. We're still all pretty...duh.  :) But even *if* that object I saw flying high overhead about 12 years ago was built in a plant somewhere right here on earth, by humans who get a paycheck for building neat stuff - I would say to the guys who built it (if I could): boys, congratuations!  Your new airship is technology with a capital T. I mean...first of all, it looks *alien*.  It looks like...puh, Hollywood, move over.  And on top of looking weird and ET-ish, you've managed to build something that's evidently about the size of a cottage, that has no wings, and it can zip through the earth's atmosphere at quite high altitudes, faster than a rifle bullet, and do it without making a sound.  That's a pretty neat trick.  Where did you get the design for it?  :) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
It hovered for a long time and then streaked across the sky where it disapeared ina flash.;1997-08-23 21:00:00;15 min;It hovered for a long time and then streaked across the sky where it disapeared ina flash. We were enjoying a summer evening not paying much attention to the boats planes or helicopters that are common on the Juan de Fuca straight. We noticed that there was what I thought was a helicopter that had been hovering in the same spot for a long time. We watched it for a while and wondered if it was a sightseeing helicopter as it had been moving slowly back and forth high over the water along the coast off Esquimalt harbour. The more we stared at it the more we thought it was strange. Light seemed to be emanating from it. It didn't seem so far away that details wouldn't be visable yet we could make none out. It slowly began to move away from the shore out over the straight. It hovered  for a few more minutes almost directly in front of where we were standing. I waived at the object as it seemed to be watching us and the second I did that it streaked accross the sky at a speed neither of us had ever seen and then in a white flash it was gone. It disapeared. I saw the light flash and the object vanish well before it reached the south eastern horizon. It made no sound.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
6-7 oval shaped objects witnessed traveling over Victoria British Columbia evening sky.;2001-08-12 00:15:00;4 Minutes;6-7 oval shaped objects witnessed traveling over Victoria British Columbia evening sky. 6-7 oval shaped objects witnessed traveling over Victoria British Columbia evening sky. I was attending a wedding reception last night at the Princess Mary restaurant in Victoria, British Columbia. At the restaurant on the top floor was an outdoor patio where guests of the wedding would go to smoke and socialize. The group (5 in number) which had gathered on the patio were talking about how beautiful the moon looked coming over the western horizon and we talked about the number of shooting stars which had shown themselves throughout the evening sky. Just as we finished discussing the shooting star, which I had just witnessed, one of the people in the group yelled, What is that and pointed above us looking east in the night sky. It was a group of about 6-7 oval shaped objects traveling in a straight-line formation. They didn't seem to be lit up by their own luminescence but since they were traveling over Victoria near the city center it looked as though the city lights lighted them up. The objects appeared to be a grayish in color. It was also hard to tell exactly what altitude the objects were traveling. We couldn't discern any noise coming from the objects throughout the entire sighting. They proceeded to move in a westerly direction until they began to form up into a new formation in an square/rectangular shape and began to ascend into the sky almost directly above the city center. At this point the videographer who had been hired for the wedding was called out on to the patio and we all pointed to the objects in the sky and told him to start taping the event. A few other people who came out on the patio also witnessed the formation and their ascension. The objects continued a slow climb in the square shape formation. As they got smaller we could see their lights flicker and at this point it was hard to make them out. However, we did see some of the objects seemingly streak off into space, but I do clarify at this point they had become faint star -like lights. All of us who witnessed the event just stood there in disbelief but we all had to agree we just saw something unexplainable and it clearly was a UFO sighting. The sighting happened on August 12, 2001 at approximately 12:15 AM to 12:30 AM. The duration seemed to be around 3-4 minutes and the weather was clear. My background is I'm an amateur historian and currently work in the IT industry. The other witnesses: One is a chef One is a student of Computer Programming The Videographer, I don't recall his background The person who first spotted the object has an insurance background The other witness who saw the whole event I do not know personally A few others who came out later during the sighting Come from various backgrounds. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length over the telephone with this witness, and we found him to be an exceptionally credible witness.  We believe that the witnesses were looking into the southern sky, and the Moon was rising in the east, where it usually is seen when rising.  Please see other reports for the same date.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP MESSAGE FROM WITNESS)) Peter, I'm wondering if I can update my witness account I sent you earlier today.  I seemed to have noticed I had my directions in reverse. The objects we saw were a little to the west of us moving on an easterly heading and the moon was rising in the east. I noticed on your website you posted the report and you correctly pointed out my error. In my haste to get the my account written and with not getting much sleep last night, I made the error. Could we change it to reflect the proper headings? Thank you... Warm Regards, ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Our gratitude to the witness for the follow-up comment.  The witness first contacted our Center at approximately 0845 hrs. (PDT), despite the fact that he had been out until the wee hours of Sunday morning, celebrating at a wedding reception, apparently under somewhat adverse conditions.  We admire the witness's apparent tenacity, and we are impressed that he was able to submit a report at all at that hour!  Minor technical oversight regarding the location of the Moon in the morning sky corrected here.  PD));48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
object crashing to earth?;2005-03-12 19:45:00;5sec;object crashing to earth? Not sure if this was a ufo or rather larger meteor, but a huge green ball with a firey tail about 5-6 times the length of the object streaked across the sky, seeimly crashing farther upisland on the west coast, or even back in the pacific. I would normally shrug off as a 'shooting start' except it's size was qiute noteworthy and I have never seen such a green glow befoer. It was so large, I expected to see a flash or some kind of sonic boom as it blended in with the horizon (but didn't.) I had my 2 sons with me who immediately ran to the window to wath the event. ((NUFORC Note:  Probable dramatic meteor at 19:45 hrs. on this date.  We have amended the time above to the correct time of the incident.  Please see other reports.  PD));48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
9pm, June 1st, 2007, Victoria, BC, dark spherical object approaching from the west, following 2 jets, chased by a third jet.;2007-06-01 21:00:00;5 min;9pm, June 1st, 2007, Victoria, BC, dark spherical object approaching from the west, following 2 jets, chased by a third jet. My wife and I were sitting outside on our patio, in downtown Victoria, BC, this evening around 9:00 pm, when we noticed two jets, within a very short time frame, both travelling over the city centre, headed east and following the same trajectory. Shortly thereafter, we noticed a dark spherical object approaching at slow speed, also following the same easternly trajectory. We observed the object for approximately 2 minutes as it slowly moved across the sky in the direction the jets were headed. While watching the object, a third jet appeared - again following the exact same eastern path. When the third jet appeared to come within a very close proximity to the object, the object then changed course, and began to head south, directly above us, toward Port Angeles, Washington. We were able to continue to follow the object for a few more moments, until it eventually disappeared from sight.  At first we believed the object to be a balloon, or a cluster of balloons with something dragging beneath it, as it appeared to be drifting on an easternly wind current - however, when the object suddenly changed direction, and seemed to increase in altitude, we were less convinced that it was a balloon.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
Orange orb appears over Victoria, BC.;2015-04-05 20:45:00;1 second;Orange orb appears over Victoria BC. I was flying with my instructor (working on my commercial night rating) over Victoria around 845pm on April 6th. We were at 2000ft heading Southbound pretty much directly over the Empress Hotel (Victoria Harbour).  To our 11o'clock and about 10 degrees above horizon we both saw a orange orb illuminate, make a 3/4 C shape movement towards the ground (reversed it's track), and immediately disappeared. The entire phenomenon lasted only about a second. It was not an airplane, it seemed close, and in my opinion it was at too shallow of an angle to be a meteorite.  It is also in an Fight Service Station advisory zone, so we would have immediately been advised of a traffic conflict if it was on radar. It could have been in the distance, but it seemed very close (maybe 300 - 500m away).  I have seen falling stars before, as well as really unusual falling stars that delineate slightly due to naturally occurring conditions.  It DID not look that way.  The orange was so deeply intense, and unlike anything I have ever seen before. I'm trying to find a rational answer to what we saw.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
Orange/red sun like oval very bight below the clouds.;2016-11-19 19:00:00;evening;Orange/ Red sun like oval very bight below the clouds. Saw a orange/red sun like flying over my house below the clouds.  At first from a distance I thought it was a flair, but as it got closer it was huge.  It looked like a small sun flying over my house no sound or trail behind it.  I have been seeing lot's of smaller flying objects the same as this, but many of them at the same time for about a year now.   If you have any info on what this could have been please explain to me. not scared but in awww..;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
Witnessed oval shaped light first appear as a shooting star from due south at 50 degrees above horizon heading north. Object changed di;2021-04-06 21:00:00;8 minutes;Witnessed oval shaped light first appear as a shooting star from due south at 50 degrees above horizon heading north. Object changed direction abruptly and headed due east at high speed. As it faded and shot away to the east the object could still be seen as a faded light with a oval/tic tac shape. This light/object was followed by 36 more identical objects at intervals of 4-7 seconds apart. Each proceeding object abruptly changed direction and followed the path of each previous object. To my knowledge space debri, satellites, meteorites and rocket debris do not change direction.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
