Large red and orange sphere, balanced on a rock in 1987.;1987-10-01 19:00:00;15mins;Large red and orange sphere, balanced on a rock in 1987. This happened to me when I was 7 years old and although I wanted to tell others about it as a child I was told I had to wait until I was older, so now I am older 25 to be exact and this is my story.  My babysitter and her boyfriend were over, it was night time I had recently begun 1st grade at Sir James Douglas and remember this because there was a large rock on the school grounds that I had just mastered climbing and was very proud of myself.  We lived next to the school grounds and could cut across the field to get to the corner store on the other side of the school.  That is what we did that night.  We decided to go to the store my babysitter her boyfriend and I and were cutting through the grounds I was being a child and rambling on about something when my babysitter said Stop for a moment ----- look up.  And there perched on the large rock in the grounds was a sight I will never forget, a large now it seemed HUGE to me as big as a house but I was 7 and things just seemed big back then it was at least twice the size of the rock this large sphere it was red and orange seemed to swirl with these colors, almost like the sun and was balanced perfectly on this rock.  we stood and stared at it for a few moments and then I asked if I could climb the rock and touch this glowing sphere.  I don't know what possesed my babysitter to say yes but she did and I climbed up this rock as they stood and watched me.  I remember climbing slowly up to this object and when I was within a foot of it reaching out my hand to touch it's side, I got within an inch of it's surface ( I didn't notice any change in temp) I stopped something in my head told me to leave, to go away, so I did I climbed down that rock and told my sitter we had to leave.  So we left and as we walked away I looked over my shoulder and wished it away back to where it came from.  We went to the store and when we came back it was gone. And there was no evidence of it having ever been there.  I have remembered that night in vivid detail since it happened and I write this in hopes that someone else may have seen something similar to what I did that night.  Thank you for taking time to read my story it may seem tall but is every bit true. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
Then I defiantly saw a melon sized ball of white light pass us traveling faster than I thought possible.;1991-07-10 00:00:00;15min;It was the summer of 1991. My older brother and I were going to walk to the end of our street to meet some friends. It was late and a clear night full of stars. We lived on the outskirts of Victoria, BC. I had grown up on this road and new every corner, tree and even where the deer would cross the road. We were about one kilometer into our walk, starting up a hill after walking the only straight stretch of road. Suddenly the hair on my face and neck stood on end till it hurt. Out of the corner of my eye I thought I saw a flash of light pass. We walked on. Then I defiantly saw a melon sized ball of white light pass us traveling faster than I thought possible. I asked my brother “Did you see that?” He said, “I thought it was just me.” Then there was another and another until they were about six or ten (It is hard to say with the speed they were traveling.). They seemed to be in a range of sizes from a large grape fruit to a honeydew melon. They did not light up their surroundings but seemed to contain their light. They were moving it would seem with purpose weaving away from us and then stopping and launching into our close vicinity again. I asked my brother if he thought we should run but as soon as the words left my mouth I knew the futility of my thoughts. My brother said we should turn for home but just walk calmly and not run. I was glad he was with me for he was a few years older and I had not yet graduated and was still unsure of myself. We descended the hill and rounded the corner leading back to the straight stretch of road. One of the lights sped ahead of us two hundred meters or so in the blink of an eye and stopped instantly under one of the few streetlights on the road. It hesitated there for perhaps a half of a second and the came directly at us. It wizzed past me head silently less than an arms length away. I was terrified, sure neither of us would be seen again and pitying my mother who would never know the fate of her sons. Then a car came around the corner ahead of us and I realized the lights were nowhere to be seen. We flagged down the car and begged them to take us with them. I am sure that our pleading to save us from the UFO lights convinced them that we were crazy. They sped off and once again I was sure we were doomed but after a few minutes with no return my fears started to subside. I began to build up enough courage to lookup and into the starry sky. Behind us in the distance was a field and far above it I noticed a triangle of lights, just sitting in the sky motionless. I asked my brother if he could see it also and what he thought it was. He said, “ It’s probably a radio tower or something, lets just go!” It wasn’t a tower though, no stars shone through the center of the triangle, and as I confirmed later in the week during the daytime there was nothing that could have confused with what we saw. I don’t recall how our when we arrived home. The next morning I awoke seemingly oblivious to the night’s events. I went to the bathroom to shave and shower. While shaving I saw in the mirror falling from the ceiling next to me, bright shiny sparks falling to invisibility before hitting the floor. Immediately all the night’s events came rushing back to me. I ran to my brother’s room and found him awake in bed with the most astonished look on his face. When I asked him what he said he awoke to find his bed covers covered in sparks. We spoke of this to our parents and friends but few believe us. For months after this event when I would drive home from work, occasionally when I approached, or passed through the area of the incident I would hear from behind my heard a loud clap. It was like two hands coming together. This event has defiantly had an effect on my life and my beliefs. I look for answers and get more questions. I search for truth and find mystery. And sometimes it still terrifies me.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
white,hazy,circular,looked too large and fast to be a satelite,appeared indistinct even through binocculars;2001-07-02 20:10:00;5 sec.;white,hazy,circular,looked too large and fast to be a satelite,appeared indistinct even through binocculars I was looking through 8x40 binoculars, trying to spot a skydiver who was about to jump out of a light aircraft that I had observed high overhead. The sky was bright and clear. I was looking west in the direction of the sun, which was below the roofline of my house. My first impression was that I was seeing a white pilot chute and that the main chute wasn't opening. The speed and direction wern't right for a parachute and skydiver and the object faded and disappeared from sight. At first I thought it might have been a satelite (it still could), but why could it be seen in brite daylight? I suppose from my angle of viewing, it could have been bottom lit by the sun. Also, it's velocity across the sky was a lot faster than the satelites I've observed.It took approximately 5-8 seconds to travel through about 15 degrees. At first it appeared to be falling and then disappeared in a northerly direction. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and found him to be a quite credible source.  PD));48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
UFO That Performed For Hours (Caught On Tape) ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of twinkling star?  PD));2006-10-20 01:30:00;approx 2hrs;UFO That Performed For Hours (Caught On Tape) Went to get my glasses from the car, and on the way in something told me to turn around and look at the stars, one moved out of the corner of my eye, thats when I noticed that not only was it moving, but it was emitting lights of changing colors... I then stared at if for about 20 minutes, it stayed in relatively the same airspace the entire time however would move, then suddenly stop, performing slow triangular shapes, spirals, ovals, rectangles in it's flight paths, moving like no plane, blimp or helicoptor could... I went and got my sister to make sure i wasn't insane, she came outside and when she noticed how it was moving in ways that defy what we know of physics, we then decided to get the camcorder, but it had no batteries... we then went back outside and stared at it for quite a long time, watching it perform all these maneuvers we diddn't know were possible, I then remembered my digital camera could record small video clips so I went inside and got the digital camera and recorded the object. I have 3 short videos, it is so dark none of the stars were visible on the recording that were bright in the sky, but the ufo clearly is... After I decided to stop filming as I couldnt tell if I was infact getting anything as on the LCD on the camera, the picture was allways black, I said to my sister I'm just waiting to see what it does when it leaves, I want to see it dart off at high speeds we then watched for a few more minutes, I said well i don't know weather to just go in or not, its not leaving and its pretty cold... a fog began rolling in very sudden, the clear night skky had a fog over it in less than a minute, through which the ufo was visible until at a moment the light suddenly vanished (I have 3 short camera recordings from a Poloroid 5MP digital camera's video mode if interested. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of twinkling star?  PD));48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
Bright fast moving ball breaks in two falling on malahat summit - heavy RCMP presence in the area;2007-12-07 21:10:00;15 seconds;Bright fast moving ball breaks in two falling on malahat summit - heavy RCMP presence in the area Tonight Dec 7 2007, my son calls me on his cell... ..says he was driving northbound on hwy 1 approaching Goldstream when he has visual of a bright white (burning) light that breaks it two decending on the Malahat summit area. He stops at gas station and talks with clerk, who also saw the event.   He hears multiple sirens... as he continues north he sees a panel truck (unmarked) and two RCMP cars pulled over with men standing (having a pep talk).  Driving to the summit he encounters about 12 RCMP cars and a few unmarked (maybe civilian cars), with no damage to any vehicle.  Police were directing traffic to clear the area in both directions.  He did not notice any air traffic in the area... My son called me about 2130 and said it happened about 20 minutes before. Temperature at altitude according to his truck sensor was zero degrees with scattered cloud and no precipitation.  Event at southern Vancouver Island... Girlfriend is passenger in truck.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
Amber Spheres  Over Victoria B,C, Canada;2013-06-24 00:15:00;25 seconds;Amber Spheres  Over Victoria B,C, Canada Last night I was at my place of employment in which im currently Employed as a Security officer in charge of call ins and doing routine rounds at a City Parkade.  The Parkade consists of five Decks which mainly faces South/South west over the night time skyline, when just out of the blue, I noticed one amber shaped sphere/orb in the night sky roughly 18 degrees above the horizon in the direction of Port Angeles, Washington state.  Which was South/Southwest of my location.   When taking notice of its possible size another appeared just right of the first and lower in the horizon both making no movement in relation to the buildings or each other. Details I could not make out except for the intensity of the glow considering it was over cast.  And unfortunately I had left my personal cell phone in the Security office on the main level on this particular patrol of the Parkade.  This entire event lasted only from beginning to end 20-25 seconds before both objects just winked out and never reappeared. If you wish too Google map this I was located on the 700 block of Johnson Street Victoria B.C.  The Parkade is roughly 45 to 50 feet in height from street level from the top deck in which I observed this event.   Side note all night I had felt that they were still there.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
Tonight I saw two distinct sightings. The first one was a very bright red light. The red was basically pure red. Half an hour later I s;2014-02-11 20:30:00;15 minutes;Tonight I saw two distinct sightings.   The first one was a very bright red light.  The red was basically pure red.   Half an hour later I saw four other red lights, also very bright and pure red.  Absolutely no other lights like you would expect on a plane for example.   Weather was a solid cloud cover.  No stars visible.  There was absolutely no sound whatsoever in both sightings.   The speed of the objects was rather slow, slow enough for me to be able to use my smart phone to take two pictures (basically standard what's in the picture result) of one of the brightest objects. Could they be flares? I would be stunned if they were because of the way they passed by.  They didn't flicker.  As for the color it was a steady red.  I was looking north and objects went from east to west.  The first object was very high when I saw it but the objects in second sightings were low and then climbed in altitude.  When they would finally go out of sight, I suspect it wasn't because of distance but rather because they were entering the cloud cover. About the speed.  At first I thought it might be a helicopter but like I said above there was absolutely no sound and If I go by how bright those lights were it would have been impossible not to hear at least one of those objects.  As for position lights they would have also been impossible to miss.  Almost forgot but there were three other people that saw the second sighting at the same time I did.  Their reaction was rather surprising. Instead of taking the time to look at the objects they laughed them away.  Go figure. Anyway, I hope that helps.;48.4522881040891;-123.394880111524
