Two craft seen flying low.;2007-10-08 19:45:00;20 seconds;Two craft seen flying low. Date and time of event: 10/08/08 19:45. Location: Hannover PA along Rt.116 (York St.) I witnessed while traveling south toward Hanover, PA on Rt. 116 near Spring Ave. two craft about ¾ the length of a 747 wingspan flying low and at a low speed NE toward York, PA. These two craft in identical shape, but different light patterns flew at a rate of about 60 mph. Their shape was long but I could not tell if it was long and cylindrical, or long and flat. I do know however that they did NOT have a fuselage or tail section as there was no strobes or lights to indicate such, and were low enough (about 1,500 ft.) that I could tell they were not of any known recognizable aircraft. The lights are what first caught my attention. The first craft had bright lights like a jet would like landing lights. There was also a bright flash like a strobe that would come from the bottom center, but it was an inconsistent flash, and not the typical consistent strobe like you would see on a normal aircraft. Both aircraft had four dimmer white lights evenly spaced located in the front of the craft. The second craft followed behind the first at a 45 degree angle and moved from the left to the right side behind the lead craft as they flew overhead. From what I could tell they were spaced about 200ft apart. The second craft did not have the bright landing lights like the first had, nor did it have the bright strobe underneath but again they both were the same shape. The weather last night was a light drizzle. These craft emerged from the clouds and flew just below the ceiling until they flew past beyond my line of sight. I would not usually report something like this, but what disturbs me is what I found out today. As I drove in to my college classes this morning I heard on the news that a 6lb. chunk of ice had fallen through an elderly woman’s home injuring her. This occurred in York, PA about 25 minutes from Hanover where I saw the craft. The ice had fallen yesterday morning at 5:30am, and I saw the craft in Hanover at 7:45pm. You can find the Ice story on the York Dispatch website: http://yorkdispatch.inyork.com/yd/search/ci_10677963?IADID=Search-yorkdispatch.inyork.com-yorkdispatch.inyork.com  The ice is currently being examined at York College to see what contents the ice has. As I am a student here I am going in tomorrow to see if I can find out what they have found and get their opinion. It’s a piece of evidence that could possibly be linked to what I saw. I’d hate to see the government get a hold of this and have the Ice findings disappear.  Does anyone have any ideas as to what this could be and have there been any reports to you guys concerning this issue?;39.79520625;-76.9800109375001
