Large dark triangular object with two round lights on either end and smaller circular lights in the middle;1989-12-24 23:45:00;15 minutes;Large dark triangular object with two round lights on either end and smaller circular lights in the middle   Playing cards late one night I kept noticing a bright light over the island several hundred feet in front of our lakehouse. This was not unusual because plans often came across the lake as one of the flight paths to the Bangor Airport. What was unusual was the light stayed the same with out changing and there was no noise. Both, my husband and I kept saying that's weird, but were convinced it was a plane. After some time we knew this was not right and went out side to see what it was and to our amazement we could distinquish in the night sky, a large triangular shaped object hoovering slightly above the trees of this 3 acre Island. Had the object been more directly over the Island, it would not have been much smaller  in diameter the air seemed muffled, but there was no sound. Two large round lights which looked like the burners of a gas stove(bluish) were on two ends and under the object, in a circular form were smaller lights (greenish- if I recall). It must have been at leat 200 feet long (at least) My kids would swim to island, but it was about 1/4 mile in front of our house. There was no noise! My husband started to walk closer to the shoreline, to get closer, but I was scared. When he did that it seemed to start to move slowly toward us, and I ran to the house. When I stopped and looked back it sat still for a moment or two, and that just bolted off (still no noise). We called the airport the next day to see if the stealth had been in, but we got no where for information. I have written on-line,somewhere, but never heard anything. No, we were not drinking, do not have psychological issues, or obsessed about this issue. Just very weird, and after this event I would wake up screaming on many occassions, which I had never done before..yet, I had no idea why. And, nearly six  months after the event both my husband and I were slammed out of bed (in the middle of the night) by nothing we could see. We sat up most of that night trying to figure out what was wrong with us, or the house.! . Maybe it had something to do with the object, maybe not...? WE sold the house, and the doctor that purchased it has told me he's been happy and not mentioned anything unusual, and (of course) I was not about to say anything.  Maybe it was really the stealth, and maybe I just had some night screams for normal reasons (I don't know what, but perhaps it happens), But, there truely is no explanation for the violent forced blow sending both, my husband and I, out of the bed and on to the floor... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));44.7258;-68.7831
