Weird lights over Winnipeg;1995-12-27 03:00:00;5-15mins;Weird lights over Winnipeg It was a cold winter morning around 3am. For those of you familiar with Winnipeg it occured in South St.Vital on Warde Ave and St.Annes Rd. I was the passenger in a friends car. As we were driving I looked to my right and noticed some bright lights over top of some houses. I thought about what I had seen and requested that we turn around and investigate. As we approached the object we noticed that it had 3 distinct lights in the form of a triangle. One on top and two to its sides. The lights seemed to have some color to them, at times I remember seeing hints of blue and red, but white was the most frequent. The object just seemes to hang there. It was no further away then 200 yards and was no higher than 50 ft. It hovered motionless for a few minutes. Meanwhile we were fiddling with the radio and flashing our headlights at it. Nothing out of the ordinary occured. Soon thereafter it proceeded top move in a South easterly direction. The lights were always visible. It seemed to move backwards. We proceeded to move east on the road we were on to try and intercept the object. We made it to a road which went North-South and turned south and then just stopped. The object was hovering over the road in front of us. Maybe 20-30 ft above the road and 200-300 yards away. It hovered, slowly moving backwards by some trees lining the road. At that point I rolled my window down and stuck my head out to listen....dead silence. There were no other cars on the road. We must have sat there 5 mins until it started to move in the direction in which it had come from. So we quickly turned around and headed down the same road we were on before only this time we were following a moving target. The lights were still visible at this point. The object seemed to accelerate quickly. We were doing about 80 -90 km/hr when it out accelerated us and vanished. I have never seen anything accelerate like that before. It was fast. I will never forget that night. We were 19 and 20 years old and we were not under the influence of any substanc! es. We w eren't tired and we definately were not dreaming.....Thanks for providing me with a place to post my encounter. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));49.8825541843973;-97.1534052482271
An experienced amateur astronomer photographed an unusual object in the night sky. It could not be identified.;2002-05-07 23:23:00;30 minutes;An experienced amateur astronomer photographed an unusual object in the night sky. It could not be identified. A scientist, who is also an experienced amateur astronomer, was watching the sky and doing some astrophotography late one night from the deck of his home. He visually observed a fuzzy patch luminosity near the end of the Big Dipper. The object hung motionless for 30 minutes as he took several photographs with his digital camera. The object could not be identified as a star, planet, comet, meteor, satellite or aircraft. He insists on anonymity and will not allow publication of any of the photographs. ((NUFORC Note:  Our gratitude to noted Canadian UFO investigator, Chris Rutkowski, (Ph.D.??) in Winnepeg, Manitoba, who is acquainted with the two witnesses, and who submitted this report.  Chris can be reached at the following e-address:  rutkows@cc.umanitoba.ca;49.8825541843973;-97.1534052482271
Zig Zagging Star;2002-07-18 00:30:00;20 minutes;Zig Zagging Star In the center of the night sky we saw at first what I asked which planet do you think it is when it started to move I exclaimed that it was a satellite. The satellites movements become eratic, quickly zig zagging at 90 degree angles and covering varying amounts of space in the sky, moving so quickly at times to blur (leaving a trail) and dissappear, reappearing instantly along it's zig zag path. The UFO would then remain stationary for approximately 10 minutes and then cycle this random zig zagging again and again for several minutes.;49.8825541843973;-97.1534052482271
UFO clearly seen to the naked eye. color, shape, etc.;2007-07-15 15:00:00;30 seconds;UFO clearly seen to the naked eye. color, shape, etc. I was walking around the forks in Winnipeg when i looked up to see a UFO the shape of a C. just without the smooth edges. it was clear in the daylight that the object was brown with yellow lights on the bottom.  it slowly moved on until it disappeared. if caught on camera it would have been the closet UFO caught on film.  It was clearly a ship of some sort.;49.8825541843973;-97.1534052482271
Saw a tall naked figure with abnormally long limbs standing directly beside my bed;2010-11-08 23:00:00;2 minutes;Saw a tall naked figure with abnormally long limbs standing directly beside my bed Went to bed one night and within a few minutes of lying there I noticed a very tall naked figure with abnormally long limbs standing directly beside my bed looking down at me. The small amount of light entering my room from the door was hitting the back side of whatever it was so all i saw was the dark front side of it. Its skin didn't appear to have much colour to it, maybe a dark grey. I was in shock for a few seconds but then I somehow connected as one with whatever it was. I felt that we were breathing together, every breath of air I took had a huge volume and the air was very cold. I suddenly was no longer terrified as it was somehow communicating with me through my thoughts and feelings letting me know that everything was going to be okay and I had nothing to be scared of. As this was happening there was some sort of dim light energy that I saw connecting us, the best way I could explain it is that it looked like lightning but it wasn't very bright bec! ause the rest of the room was still dark. After what felt like only a minute or two of being frozen in place looking at this thing it suddenly disappeared out of nowhere. I was slightly traumatized for a few weeks after this happened and have only told a very few select people of this.;49.8825541843973;-97.1534052482271
Double sighting on night of Super Moon;2011-03-19 23:45:00;3 - 4 Hours;Double sighting on night of Super Moon This is my report concerning the night of March 19th, 2011 in River Heights, Winnipeg, Mb, Canada.  I will separate facts, things I know for sure, definitely saw and could find no other explanation for.  The rest will be put in a category for speculation, what I may have seen, what might have meant something, things with potential other explanations. Summary of Events Sitting in a friends place at around 23:45 that night, my 2 friends and I decided to go out to the hot tub in his backyard. We got to talking about the sky and how unusually red it was I attempted to explain that it might have something to do with low cloud cover that night and the reflection of the city’s street lights. The conversation continued, we get to talking about UFOs and my friend recounts his encounter with one. I firmly believe him to be telling the truth though his is another story.  My other friend says that she doesn’t believe in that kind of stuff we just start to discuss it a little more, trying to convince her that they are indeed quite likely real. All of a sudden, two impossibly bright blue-green flashes one after the other accompanied by a small buzzing sound from the south east interrupts our conversation. All of us very surprised at the odd timing of such a flash begin talking about it at this point we start to hear sirens. The odd thing about these! sirens is that they don’t seem to be moving, nor do they sound like any emergency vehicle that I’ve ever heard. We hear no thunder and yet the flash was quite close, I’d say at most 5 kilometers away. Logically, had it been lightning, we should have heard thunder. Though the night is cold, we get out of the hot tub and run to the street we have to know what it was that we saw. At the end of the street, it becomes clear that we aren’t dressed properly enough to continue searching. We run back to my friend’s house quickly, where we change and dry off in a rush. My friend who owns the house decides to stay behind. Me and my other friend then quickly get our shoes on and run back to the end of the street. We see nothing and decide to walk in the direction of the flash. As we get closer to the end of the block nearby we start to hear that same buzzing noise that accompanied the flash of light. Our eyes leap to the skies in case we happen to see something. At first there is nothing, and then suddenly we see a shape in the sky moving quickly, from the direction of the flash and with only that same buzzing sound. At first it appears to be saucer-like in shape but as it gets closer, it begins to look more like a helicopter with some fairly notable differences. No rotating chopper, nor is there any sound that would suggest it was a helicopter. The sky still a bright red color created contrast against the dark vehicle above us and allowed us to see its shape quite clearly. On one side there was a red light and on the other was a green one. At the tail end of the UFO, there was another kind of light between a long narrow cross section at the back, this one clearly different from the others it had a luminescent glow to it and seemed to be white at! times and at others it would appear to be every color I could imagine.  It flew right over top of us with speed I’ve never seen by anything in the air before. It flew low, at most about a kilometer above us. We noticed that though it moved at least faster than the speed of sound yet there was no sonic boom to follow it, similar to the flash of light which also should have been accompanied by a loud noise. At first we struggle to wrap our heads around what we’ve just seen. Once again we hear these similar sirens, no audible movement nor, do they sound normal. We decide to continue in the direction the UFO came from and walk up to a nearby field behind a community center. Once we arrived, the sky seemed to have lost its characteristic red glow. We noticed that where there happened to be a baseball diamond in this field, the ground was completely covered in fairly smooth, unnatural ice, with a pitcher’s mound that seemed to be made of snow. The ice was quite wet, as if it had been melted recently another odd thing about it is that there were 2 ice rinks nearby, so why the extra ice? My friend, a hockey player, tells me that the ice would do no good for skates and would quite possibly ruin them. This raises further questions why would the snow have fallen only on some of the field or if it did fall, where was the snow that had to be moved for such a thing to be? Why was it ther! e if there seemed no obvious use to it? At this point, we look at the sky and notice the red glow seeping back in to the sky. We start to hear an odd ringing sound nearby and begin walking over to it as it seems to draw us closer. We get closer to the sound and can almost identify it when we see a car out at approximately 1:00 AM. Someone goes to the door of one house and stands there for a bit no one answers the door, nor does he go inside. We start discussing this strange car when it starts to get closer to us. I suggest we simply go back as we’d likely seen all there was to be seen and the car was starting to freak me out a little bit. The ringing sound again, we see the man at another door down the street. Once again, no one answers, nor does he go in. We start heading back and he immediately gets back in his car, he seems to follow us, going a walking pace alongside us. Finally when it seems like he’s about to stop and do or say something, he drives away, turning right on the major street in front of us. Though this was majorly relieving, as it drove by in plain sight, I could almost swear th! at the car was completely empty. We sigh our relief and continue walking and then, we see the car again he must have turned around in a hurry. He goes just beyond our view and seems to disappear, though we can still see the light projected on houses and street signs that seemed to come from a car stopped, just out of our vision. We decide to take another way back hopefully we don’t see the car again that night. We follow the apparent labyrinth of back lanes that were our new route back, still hopeful that we see no cars. Every time either of us mentions that we should go back, we hear that sound again which we soon recognized to be wind chimes, though this wasn’t the windiest night. On our way walking back, neither of us could shake the feeling that there was definitely something behind us and though we looked back frequently and often in unison when that feeling seemed strongest. The sound of wind chimes accompanies us all the way back within a few houses from where we started. We started to hear a sound that seemed to come from above and to the east. This time it was different than the buzzing, it was more of a rumbling, as if this object were much bigger. We stand at the street corner and wait for the sound to approach and get clearer. We start to think that it might be a train, though it comes from a direction where the nearest train tracks are quite a ways and I rarely hear trains from that direction while in this neighborhood. The sounds starts to get louder and more rumbling, we start to feel as if it’s coming from above us, though the sky is completely covered in those ominous red clouds. It starts to pass when we actually do hear a train, though this time from the south. I cannot say if they were separate or one and the same but my gut says they were different. When the sound is gone, we cross the street to go back once more there were wind chimes, it seems as if they don’t want us to go back. I glanced to the west in instinct and though it was a passing glance, I thought I saw a man standing in the middle of the street. When we reach the other side, my friend looks down the sidewalk to see if there was indeed a man. What we saw seemed to be of humanoid shape though in the darkness it was hard to tell. A notable characteristic of this shape was that in darkness, one’s eye might be attracted to brighter objects and areas but with this shape, it seemed as if it were the darkest thing I had ever seen. Even though it was at least 8 blocks away, it stood out very noticeably. We lose interest in this shape which does not seem to move and finally finish our journey back. We get back at approximately 2:30 AM and at this point, the sky is no longer red. After arriving we decide that neither of us wants to be inside, in case we miss something else. We head in, get changed back into our bathing suits and sit in the hot tub for the next hour and a half or so. At first there is nothing we see in our watching of the skies but after about 20 minutes in the hot tub, the wind picks up, the sky reddens once more and we start to see something, once again, flying low on the horizon, in the North West direction the UFO had first flown. It had a similar appearance, those same tell-tale red and green lights, the saucer like shape when perceived from a distance. It began to sweep across the horizon from west to east and then would turn around at some indeterminate point and travel from east to west. It continued this patter for close to an hour, getting lower with! each new sweep. When it was low enough that neither of us could see it anymore, we continued sitting in the hot tub, hoping that something else might happen. It was at that point that we had our 3rd (at least) sighting of the night. This time the UFO we saw was travelling from the west, not from the airport, though at first it looked like a plane flying low, it soon became clear that this was no plane. It was an odd shape that’s difficult to describe. It looked as if its front was its broadest point and that was where the wings started, they slowly got narrower as it got to the rear of the UFO where they attached at the back forming an almost acorn-like shape. At the tip of one wing was a green light, at the other was red one, and in the middle was a cluster of about 6 much brighter red lights. These formed a line of lights at the broadest and front-most point of the plane and right in the back was that same, whitish, rainbow colored light we had observed on the other UFO. Like the first, it passed directly over us heading east south east. We observe the first UFO, the one doing the sweep to our north is visible again shortly after, continuing its sweep, though this time getting more elevation with each passing sweep for another 5 or so minutes. Finally, it seems to disappear and the sky seems to blacken once more becoming what it is characteristically. There were a few things about this night that stood out for me even before seeing any UFOs in the sky above us. First of all, the initial flash of light happened under a minute after my friend said she didn’t believe in UFOs. Second, this was the first time in 19 years, a little longer than my whole life, that the moon was this close to the earth at the time of the full moon. It was on this specific night, where the moon was 15% bigger and 30% brighter, that we happened to have all these sightings and strange occurrences. One might say that it’s simply a coincidence but in my gut, it seems far from coincidental.  FACT The flash of light was an uncharacteristic color for lightning, blue-green, not blue-purple, though it lit up the sky. The lack of thunder also discredits this information. The UFOs, to my mind, defied logic and physics in the way the moved, the speed of it, the silence of it and the maneuverability of it were beyond anything I’ve ever seen in my life. Speculation As much as the sky, the car, the chimes and the shadow man seemed related, all are possible coincidences, things seen wrong or unnecessarily matched with the other factual occurrences.;49.8825541843973;-97.1534052482271
Orange-red object, seen by 2 people, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada;2012-03-03 23:25:00;5 minutes+;Orange-red  object ,seen by 2 people, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada Extremely bright , orange-red  object about the size of naked eye visible Jupiter.  Brightness could be compared  to Venus. Suddenly appeared  in northern part of the Sky, at the beginning of the appearance seems to be hovering in one location with slight side to side movement.  Later start  to move North with low speed, then become dimmer and  dimmer and disappeared.  Made no sound.  Attached pictures were taken using Olympus digital camera at 10X optical zoom and might show free hand shot vibration.;49.8825541843973;-97.1534052482271
From 16:00 to about 17:00, We seen a black object in the sky.  The object appeared to have one half orb with the bottom part of the cir;2013-07-01 16:00:00;01:00;From 16:00 to about 17:00, We seen a black object in the sky.  The object appeared to have one half orb with the bottom part of the circle facing the Earth and another half orb facing the sky.  Each half orb was connected together by a black section.  The 2 half orbs would then rotate around one another in a clockwise motion.   The object continued to rotate into the sky for over an hour.  The object continued into the sky until it was a tiny black dot.  Each sphere when first noticed must have been about the size of full size van.   The object appeared to be moving straight up however it could have been the Earth moving on its orbit as the object after an hours viewing seemed to be much farther to the south in the sky.;49.8825541843973;-97.1534052482271
Possible visitation??;2013-12-01 04:40:00;<5 minutes;Possible visitatioln?? In December 2013, I awoke in the middle of the night to what looked to be an ET-like Grey standing by my bed.  It illuminated my bedroom without turning a light on.  It just said in a monotone, gravely voice believe.   It promptly disappeared as  I panicked began yelling for my mother.  By that time I was sitting up, noticed I had knocked the alarm clock off my night table.  She picked it up, turned the lamp on and went back to bed.  I set the alarm every night for 4am to take meds but the night before had incorrectly set it for 4pm. The clock also  read 4:38.  Only th one incident to date. ((NUFORC Note:  We assume that the date in December 2013 is approximate.  PD));49.8825541843973;-97.1534052482271
Many white dots following in a row.;2020-09-18 05:30:00;5+ minutes;Many white dots following in a row. I looked up and thought I saw a shooting star then noticed there was a second exactly in line behind it.  Then they just kept coming one after another.  Some were tightly spaced in groups of 2 or 3 then a gap and more would follow.  All were in a direct line with each other.  They all looked like distant stars or tiny dots.  I thought maybe satellites but I don't know if they all follow the same line of orbit.;49.8825541843973;-97.1534052482271
