Bright light in the sky, periodically moving to new locations practically instantly, with multiple military aircraft chasing later on;1995-07-01 00:00:00;45 min+;Bright light in the sky, periodically moving to new locations practically instantly, with multiple military aircraft chasing later on I do not recall the exact date of the event that I wish to report. I do know that it was in 1995, I believe in the summertime.  Myself and a friend (both about 16 yrs of age) witnessed it from my mother's home in Longbranch, WA.  I have checked on and off for years to see if I could find any similar reports occurred in the same area around the same timeframe and have been unable to find any to date.  I recently found the website for NUFORC, so I thought I would give a shot at reporting it here to see if I could get any further information.   I have to admit that in a way the following description will sound like something you might read or see in a sci-fi story, but I can assure that I and my friend witnessed the event as I will describe in the text below firsthand with the exception of the details from the following morning which were relayed to me by my mother, which seem to bear relevance to the situation so I will include that as well. At some point late night or early morning, I will say around midnight would be a fair estimate, the two of us were sitting in my room.  I looked through my window and saw a bright light through the branches of a tree outside which at first I took to be just a bright star in the night sky.  Within the next several minutes I looked out again and the light was still there in the same position but seemed a little brighter.  Again a few minutes passed and I looked out again, but at this time I could see that the light was in another position relative to the tree, so at this time I mentioned it to my friend and we decided to watch it through the window as the position changed seemed unusual.  Again it stayed in this position for a couple minutes while we watched and then suddenly disappeared and reappeared almost instantly at yet a new point.  At this juncture we decided to go outside to watch as it seemed to be getting closer and would soon be at a point where we could not easily see it above from the window.  Outside we watched for several more minutes with the same process repeating where the object would be stationary in the sky, disappear, and then reappear at another point.  I would say this went on for what seemed to be at least 20 to 30 minutes.  If I recall the directions correctly the object was north of us to begin with when I first saw it and progressively moved south toward us as it went (I will continue to use this directional assumption for the duration of this account). At this time from the southeast we heard the sound of jets approaching from the direction of McChord Air Force Base which is located in Tacoma, which is the nearest large city to Longbranch.  We located them in the sky and saw multiple jets moving in the direction of the light.  When they appeared to be nearing it, it moved to a new point in the same manner as before and the jets turned and went toward it again.  This repeated several times with the same results over several more minutes. More jets approached and this continued with the object now moving further into the east.  They progressively moved out further over the surrounding woods in that direction  until we could no longer see them over the trees.  I would estimate this cat and mouse between them to have gone on for at least 15 to 20 minutes before we lost sight of them all with an estimate of around maybe 8 to 10 jets participating overall.  We watched a few more minutes to be sure they didn't come back in our directio! n and then saw a large dark object coming just over the trees from the same direction the jets and object disappeared from, passing directly over our heads.  When it got near and passed above us it clearly appeared to be a large black helicopter running with no visible lights and with no discernible sound from the rotors.  This is the end of what we saw firsthand. The next morning my mother returned from a trip she had taken to visit family in the Tacoma area the day before and when she got home she asked if anything unusual had happened the night before.  When I asked why she was asking she stated that when she was passing through Longbranch on the way to our home that there were multiple government-plated cars parked by the road with men in suits stopping any passersby to ask if they had seen or heard anything going on the previous night, without giving any information into the nature of their inquiry.  I informed her of what I'd seen but we agreed to keep the information to ourselves at that time.  We never heard or saw anything further on it.  As stated previously, the last part involving my mother was not first-hand, but it does seem pertinent to the prior night's event, although she passed away a few years ago and is no longer around to verify that particular aspect. If you have taken the time to read this in total without discounting it offhand, I appreciate your time and apologize for the length of it, although I did feel I should be as detailed and thorough as possible.  I hope to find out through this outlet if anyone else has seen or heard anything about what happened here, but if not I shall continue to search on my own in the future as I would like to know what occurred here. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));47.2046;-122.7564
