Cylindrical fireball type object slowly moving Northwest from Caswell County NC toward Danville, Virginia;2013-05-14 21:00:00;9 minutes;Cylindrical fireball type object slowly moving Northwest from Caswell County NC toward Danville, Virginia On Tuesday, 5/14/13 at 9:00 pm I was on a night time whitetail deer hunt in Caswell County, NC.  While in a tree stand about 22' in the air I noticed a cylindrical shaped light moving slowly and seemingly tumbling.  I was looking at this object moving North westerly and put my rifle scope up to see it more closely. As I looked through the scope, set on 9x magnification, I could see it seemed to be on fire!  The front end looked to be pointing in the same general direction and the rest of the entire object looked like a yellow/orange sparkler.  The object moved at a steady rate but in an erratic way, like the tail end was dancing and sliding around while the nose end steadily pointed in a Northwest direction. I watched the object move for almost 10 minutes until I could no longer see it through the tree line. I stayed out for another 2 hours but did not see anything out of the ordinary.  This object seemed to be coming from the direction of the airport in Greensboro, NC, and moving north/northwest at a slow rate of speed.  No noise, because as other airplanes were flying over I could hear them.  There were numerous other airplanes flying in the air. I would be very interested to know if anyone else has claimed to see this or something like it in the area.  I go out at least 1 night a week hunting and this is the 4th time seeing something I could not explain since 2010....in the same general area.  Nothing I have ever seen looked like this object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.3402;-79.6622000000002
Triangular cab with a long body, almost like a 'tail', many flashing lights.;2014-01-31 00:00:00;several hours;Triangular cab with a long body, almost like a 'tail', many flashing lights. Craft was seemingly several hundred yards above ground then moved (slowly) in many different directions for hours until finally moving directly up towards another craft similar to it. Craft:  It was hard to make out.  I couldn't get a good sighting of it with my Nikon DSLR 200mm lens.  I used binoculars and barely make it out.  However it seemed to have some sort of 'retractable' end that can only be described to be similar to a tail.  It would move this 'tail' one way and go in that direction while other times go in the other direction, so the propulsion is unknown.  The 'tail' had several flashing red lights, the other end was somewhat triangular shaped with many flashing lights.  Lights ranged form flashing clear bright white to a slight tint of green and also red.  The lights were soo bright (even being so far away) that while looking inside my binoculars the flashes would be very distinctive in my lenses.;36.3402;-79.6622000000002
