Wellflleet , Cape Cod, MA sighting July 14, 2009 Flat- grey metal saucer w/white light beam @ 22:15;2009-07-14 22:15:00;1 minute;Wellflleet , Cape Cod, MA sighting July 14, 2009 Flat- grey metal saucer w/white light beam @ 22:15 We were walking down Main St. on a lovely summer evening after attending an outdoor movie event. My partner noticed it first, hovering above the Wellfleet Marketplace store and commented, Isn't that a flying saucer?.  As we stood entirely still in near disbelief, I answered Yes, it is.   It was fairly close above the rooftop (about 40 to 50 ft. off the ground), and approx. the size of a VW bug. We were across the street about 50 feet away.  The saucer had a  metalic flat-grey surface. An oval cylindracle,  shape (about 4-5 ft.) protruded from the top center of the saucer-like craft. It appeared viscous glass-like, and very thick.  I saw gray shadows underneath in motion but couldn't make out any figures exactly.  The glass cylinder was covered with a dark, thick, metal crosshatch design, with about 3 or 4 strips (about 6 inches wide) going in each direction.  Out of this glass cylinder was a straight up beam of strong white light, similar to a search light, but much, much brighter. It then disappeared into the night sky going in a horizontal direction, south towards the Wellfleet Harbor. It zoomed off, hovering even and straight and at an extremely rapid speed, silently. I have worked in the airline industry for years from Alaska to the Antarctic and many places in between. I have never seen anything even remotely similar. It definately wasn't a fixed wing aircraft nor weather recording equipment/device. We don't drink alcohol, nor take any illegal substances.  And we aren't religious or new age types of people. Whatever it was that we witnessed that night we believe was not from this planet and remains a mystery to us.  I looked in the newspaper and listened to radio/tv news and didn't hear of anything unusual reported, the following day. Ever since that event I can't look towards the sky the same. I really am mystified.;41.9283;-70.0236
