Odd rectangle shaped object hovering over Cape Cod Bay after sunset.;2009-08-29 19:25:00;3 - 5 minutes;Odd rectangle shaped object hovering over Cape Cod Bay after sunset. My wife and I had driven to Wellfleet’s Duck Harbor beach on the bay (western) side of the Cape Cod peninsula. From there one can see the sun set over Cape Cod Bay, making it one of the few spots on the east coast where one can see the sun set over water, though in actuality it may be setting over the Massachusetts mainland about 30 miles distant. It was a clear evening, as a high pressure area had just arrived within 24 hours. There were no large clouds to speak of but the normal atmospheric haze of pollutants made for a beautiful sunset. The sun set about 7:10 pm EDT, and about 10 minutes after that I began scanning the western horizon with binoculars to glory in the subtle shadings of red and orange in the vicinity of the sunset. On one particular scan, I was panning left (south) and came across what to me initially looked like a passenger plane descending in the direction of Boston’s Logan Airport. It was about the right size for a large jet in the distance.  It was about one binocular field over the water. By the way the binoculars are 8 x 40's. I made the mental note of “plane” and continued panning south looking at the subtle atmospheric shadings as well as at boats and sea birds. I then began panning back to the right (north) and came across the ‘plane’ in what seemed to be the exact same location as before. I looked more closely at it and could detect no wings, it looked like a very dark rectangle set against the lighter orange-red haze. It was above the lowest darkest haze lines, the rectangle shape was distinctive, outlined against the lighter orange colored haze – definitely an object over the water – but closer to me than the coast of Plymouth, MA, visible in the far distance. I asked myself if this could be a plane after all, but I looked even harder to discern any movement against the background and saw none. In order to test this, I took my binoculars off the object and scanned straight down towards the water line and beach to get a fix of where the object was. When I came back, the object was still there. I said to myself “too bad you don’t have your birding scope”, for in that I would have had a very good view. I again tried my experiment of fixing the object against the water and beach, but when I came back a second time the object was no longer there. I scanned to both the right and left to see if it had moved but there was no object in sight. Now I can’t say I saw a UFO, because I saw no odd movement, but I am quite sure there was an object out there, apparently over the water and not moving. It was definitely not a structure in Plymouth or elsewhere on the Massachusetts coast.  It was just an odd sighting, perhaps explainable. If only I had my birding scope!;41.9283;-70.0236
