5 objects in straight line following one another. 3 objects in front as bright as surrounding stars 4th as bright as vega 5th as brig;1998-11-06 17:55:00;15-20 seconds;5 objects in straight line following one another. 3 objects in front as bright as surrounding stars 4th as bright as vega 5th as bright as Jupiter. 5 points of light observed approximately 20 degrees of arc in the northern skies.  I had just stepped out of my truck after arriving in Bend at my girlfriend's parent's house and the brightness of these lights caught my eye because I hadn't recalled ever seeing a constellation in that area of the sky before. There had been snow showers in the vicinity and the skys were in a broken condition with cirrus clouds also in the vicinity.  Objects were first observed almost stationary. Then, after a few seconds, I noticed they started moving in a straight line towards an approximate 330deg direction.  The speed they were traveling was about twice as fast as a satellite would be observed moving but much slower than a meteor entering the atmosphere.  All objects remained equi-distant from one another, approximately 1 finger-width between each. They were all white in appearance, the same as the surrounding stars. No sound, fire trail, strobe lights, running lights, flaring, or fragmentation was observed.   The front 3 objects were as bright as the surrounding stars. The 4th object in line was a little brighter, and the 5th object was approximately the same brilliance as Jupiter.  I had time to call my girlfriend over to my side of the truck to also observe this event. We watched the few remaining seconds as they seemed to fade out of sight at approximately 40deg of arc due possibly to the high cloud obscuration.  I am 50 years old, a Vietnam Era Air Force veteran.  I was a weather observer in the Air Force and have been an amateur astronomer for appoximately 15 years. I have been staring at the heavens for as long as I can remember but I have 'never' seen anything like these lights before.  My girlfriend is 47 years old and has a master's degree in psychology. She also has never seen anything like this before. (I might add that she says she 'doesn't' belive in flying saucers).  I reported this event to the Pine Mountain Observatory message center outside of Bend at approximately 19:15 11/6/98. They called me back saturday, 11/7/98 and took the information. At that time there had been no other reports of the sighting in any other part of the state or area.  The local newspaper, The Bend Bulletin, also had received no calls or reports on the news wire.;44.047234231806;-121.327826415094
String of star-like lights drift through sky in straight line, with equal distance apart from one another.;2004-04-25 21:35:00;10 minutes;String of star-like lights drift through sky in straight line, with equal distance apart from one another. Actually this night I had two UFO encounters. The first was very insignificant but it was because of this first one that I later noticed the more prominent one.  1st sighting: I was driving south on Hwy 97 in Bend, from the Holiday Inn. I hadn't quite reached Cooley Rd yet, but was coming up on it fast. It was about 9:00 pm, only a half hour or so before my second sighting. I saw this dark object fly over the road from west to east. I noticed it because it reflected light on it's underside. I saw it for perhaps a second. It then stopped reflecting light whereupon I could no longer see it. If I had to surmise how big the object was, in my best guess it was small perhaps as big as a large duck. I also believe that it was very low to the ground, around 100 feet no higher. The shape was nearly indiscernable. It would be pointless to describe it.  2nd sighting: I was driving north off Glacier Ridge and came to the stop sign where you turn onto Neff rd. I was looking in the night sky for more stuff because of my first sighting. I noticed a bright light in the sky. I thought it looked funny, but not suspicious. I watched it at the stop sign until I noticed it had a blinking light. It then started to move to the west where I then realized this must be Air Life. I rolled down my window and heard the blades of a helicopter which more or less confirmed my suspicions. I then turned onto Neff Rd heading west and continued to look in the same patch of sky (looking true north), when I became aware of a strange assortment of stars. There was quite a few of them all in straight line. I knew this was more than a coincidence so I pulled my car over to the side of the road and got out to take a look. And I did for five minutes. This is what I saw.  There were 12 of these lights. They appeared just like normal stars. Equal in size, and luminicity. If they weren't in a straight line I would have never known the better. The first light closest to me was directly above me. Straight up in the sky. Then the next one was a little to the north, and the next one the same distance to the north as well. It appeared from my angle as if they were all spaced equally apart from each other, except that the distance they covered shortened the length for the ones farthest to the north. I noticed that the lights were moving ever so slowly. At first they appeared to be moving north, but after a while I noticed their greatest motion was from east to west. They all moved together to maintain this straight line. On a couple occasions I couldn't count 12 but only 10 but that's probably because they were hazed over by the city light of Bend. On two occasions it also appeared as if the lights all would wobble together. Meaning all of them would seem to wobble in place, and I believe all of them did this at the same time, however it was hard to discern without any reference for a plane of stability in the sky. It might have been only the one light moved from more or less directly north of me, to the northwest of my vision, and were ever so slowly moving north as well. The one light that used to be directly overhead was now further north.  So I got back in my car and drove no less than a quarter of a mile.. keeping an eye on these lights outside my passenger window. When the oddest thing happened. I passed them! I pulled over again and got out to take a look. And I noticed the lights were roughly in the same place in relation to me, as I was in my original spot after first spotting them! I had somehow passed them in less than a 1/4 of a mile! When I was driving I saw myself passing them up! Now before seeing this, my guess was that these lights that looked a lot like stars, were pretty high up in the sky. But after realizing I had passed them up in my car in such a small distance, they had to be really low to the ground. Perhaps 500 feet, maybe a little more. And they must have been small too... It's hard to say, but maybe the size of a kite.  Now I didn't watch them long after the second time I pulled over, but I just left after taking my fill. I tried really hard to be objective about this. No lost time. No noises were eminating from these lights. What little wind there was, was blowing from the west and sometimes the north. I find it very hard to think that this could have been some weird person's idea of attaching lights to a kite, and attempting to fly it with little to no wind, in the middle of the night! And somehow making them drift across the sky in formation! Usually a kite rotates from the anchor, and these lights did not do that!  The other interesting thing to note is that my mother said, according to the news station the military was testing jet craft or the like during the night time this last week. I heard such a craft around noon a week prior to this alleged news briefing. Now if this is military related, it must be small remote control craft. I would be very hard pressed to imagine something else. Whatever it was, these two sightings were small, which is a theme. Although one did not emit light, the other string of objects did..  I can't think of more than that. The lights seemed like natural star light. Remember Air Life (I assume it was Airlife because the hospital was a half mile away!) was nearby before I noticed the lights. They may have been there before, but I never noticed. Oh one last thing... It was a beautiful day in Central Oregon, so there was not a cloud in the sky, and ditto for the night as well.   I feel that it's pertinent to my UFO sightings to mention my mood. I have witnessed 5 UFO's, and I mean that in the most literal sense. I don't assume they were alien craft, military, or whatever. They are just Unidentified Objects manuevering in the sky. But on four of these sightings I remember my mood to be in the range of happy, and usually full of energy. More or less just feeling good about myself. The other UFO sighting of mine happened much earlier in my life (9 years old) and I can't recall my mood, but I was with a lot of friends, so I suspect it to be in the feeling good range.  Okay I have just proofread this and remember one last thing although I feel it's unrelated to the incident, and makes me feel a little more than embaressed. But when I first saw the Air Life helicopter, I tried flashing it with my headlights on my car. I was flashing them with my brights pretty rapidly, comparable to morse code. They copter was in the perfect position to see me, so I thought I might get a response from it. I did not.;44.047234231806;-121.327826415094
Grouping of 3 objects each with large, bright red-orange lights in Bend, OR;2012-12-07 12:30:00;1-2 minutes;Grouping of 3 objects each with large, bright red-orange lights in Bend, OR I saw 3 separate circular type shapes of bright red-orange lights grouped together slowly moving south across the night sky at low altitude.  Each circular shape had an undetermined number of large, extemely bright red-orange lights.   From my vantage point in the second story of our home on a hill, it seemed they were maybe a mile or two N.E. of us and about parallel with the tree line.  I saw them out the bedroom window as I came up for bed.   I woke my husband to look out the window just as the top set of lights split off from the other two, moving slowly upward in the sky and faster than the grouping had been moving across the sky.   As this happened they all faded at about the same time.   I did not hear sound and did not see another color or shape within the colored lights.;44.047234231806;-121.327826415094
27+ lights in formation quickly moving across sky synchronized.;2017-02-05 19:00:00;30 minutes;27+ lights in formation quickly moving across sky synchronized My wife and I both saw over 27 lights, the size of stars or satellites, moving across the sky rapidly in V patterns.  One fleet would pass, and then another batch would come out of the clouds and pass.  It was mind boggling.  Even our 2 year old baby was pointing at them and saying moon, moon, moon.;44.047234231806;-121.327826415094
fast moving, 5 point triangular formation of lights that break away in unison;2020-02-19 22:38:00;4.5 seconds;fast moving, 5 point triangular formation of lights that break away in unison I have two pairs of NV7 Gen3 night vision googles. I was in my backyard with a friend, showing him my using a handheld laser to point out anything of interest. We were both looking through googles when the incident occurred. We had been looking around for things moving for about 10 minutes when my friend shouted for me to look straight up. He first spotted five points of light in a perfect triangular formation moving from south to north at a very rapid speed. He said that he saw the formation at about a 40 degree angle to the south. When I saw it, it was pretty much directly above us. I immediately shined my 2 watt handheld blue laser towards the formation and immediately the formation began to split up, with the lights on each side of the formation breaking out at an incredibly fast rate. The formation disappeared behind a tree in my yard. The entire incident lasted 4-6 seconds.;44.047234231806;-121.327826415094
Major organized line of crafts all heading in same direction.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-03-27 20:45:00;30 minutes;Major organized line of crafts all heading in same direction Bright lights in a precise row headed SW to NE.  Initial event lights heading to and from then just one direction.  One craft illuminated very bright white for 2 seconds then returned to less bright.  Checked planes live app which showed only 4 commercial planes, none headed NE.;44.047234231806;-121.327826415094
