Two UFOS seen by a skeptic in Felton, CA.;2012-11-24 02:50:00;2-3 minutes;Two UFOS seen by a skeptic in Felton, CA. I went to take my dog out to pee. This just happened, and I am upset that I was alone because no one will believe this.  Case in point when I ran in to tell my husband, and he came out to see there was nothing and he thinks I'm insane.  But I know what I saw. I was looking up at the redwoods like I usually do.  I was spacing out while my dog roamed around sniffing.  I noticed a weird whistle? Which at 2 AM in the woods where I live is very unusual.  So I tensed and was getting to call my dog back in fear that there was some crazy person (we've had drifters show up on the property before) lurking about. Then I noticed that it sounded like a whistle mixed in with some kind of radio station.  I know this is weird but I thought it sounded like rock music and a human whistle combined. I then just looked up.  I don't know why. And there was a plane. Not that unusual and I was about to look away to go inside away from the sound. But then the sound stopped.  And the plane started moving weird. It was going in a circle.  And so I thought it might be a helicopter as they've been known to make runs looking for illegal weed farms up here. But it wasn't.  And I don't know how to describe the pattern of flight, but it was not a helicopter. It went sort of wobbly.  Then to the side.  Then to the other side. Making a sort of exaggerated oval pattern.  But it was still moving forward. This is going to sound insane, but I feel like it noticed me watching it because it stopped its weird flying and just hovered for a few seconds. Then I noticed a second smaller one off in the distance- also flying towards my general direction.  And a sense of fear hit me that I have never felt before.  I have been attacked on the subway, and I didn't feel fear as strongly as this. I screamed for the dog and ran inside.  I woke my husband and he went outside to smoke a cigarette. I followed him out there and there was nothing. After he made fun of me I decided to type this while this was fresh in my mind and submit it to whatever sites for logging this sort of thing I could find. Whatever it is did not seem friendly, or I was too scared and that shut down my thinking.  But, and this is the simplest way I can put it so I will just repeat it: it did not seem friendly.;37.0406;-122.066
