Original sighting was that of a Pyramid of lights, however, the shape of those lights changed in what I believe to be the rotating of a;1999-10-02 20:30:00;2 hours;Original sighting was that of a Pyramid of lights, however, the shape of those lights changed in what I believe to be the rotating of a ship on all axies. The lights first appeared over the Oregon coast and were moving very slowly.  Upon further notice ( about 15 minutes of staring) I noticed that the lights appeared to not be moving at all.  Which made me look further int them.  I know that this was not a helicopter- the lights were too high and way to bright.  Also there was no tell tale sound of a helicopter engine.  I also know that this was not a plane, because when it did move, it was going in all directions very quickly and then would stop.  This went on for about an hour until I realized that the position of the lights were different than before.  The original, pentagram shape of lights had been changed into a pyramid shape, as if one of the lights had disappeared.  suddenly, it came back but on the other side of the pyramid, as if the object was rotating.  It would do this as it was climbing or moving, but when the object stood still, there was no rotation of the lights.  At that point, I thought that it may have been a satelite, however, the lights were brighter than any of the stars that were visible- including the north star.  Sounds strange huh?;44.6479;-124.0507
Orange orb bouncing and dividing in one place changing color to muted-blue and back to orange.;2020-08-16 04:00:00;>15 minutes;Orange orb bouncing and dividing in one place changing color to muted-blue and back to orange. My friend and I were walking through the campground at Beverly Beach State Park when  I looked up through the leafy canopy to see a circular orange shape that was not a star or planet. It seemed to bounce and then divide while changing color to a grayish blue and back to orange.  It resembled descriptions of orb encounters.  There may have been more orbs, but it was difficult to say for certain because of the trees.  We watched for at least 15 minutes.  We have both seen strange occurrences like this in the past.;44.6479;-124.0507
