Fanned out cones with pointy bright lighted nose.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect lens flares.  Witness concurs.  PD));2005-04-24 21:00:00;3 hours;Fanned out cones with pointy bright lighted nose. It was a full moon. I was taking night pictures of fishing boats on the docks (most being time exposures of 2 to 13 secs).   I didn't notice the objects until I put the photos on my computer. First I wondered what was in the dark sky in one photo...shaped like a badminton birdie..a point or nose that is brightest, with a sort of skirt that stems out from there and a little red light off to the side below the skirt.  After seeing the thing in one photo, I started picking apart other photos from the night and found more. The pictures speak for themselves. They might be something logical..if so I would like to know what they are??? ((BEGIN CORRESPONDENCE WITH WITNESS)) Dear ((name deleted)),    I believe the anomalous object, located to the left of the Moon, may be a lens flare, i.e. a reflection off the surface of a lens in the body of the camera lens.  Just a guess.  Probably not a UFO.    I will look at the others, too.    Thanks for the report and photos!    Cordially,    Peter Davenport ((END CORRESPONDENCE)) ((RESPONSE #1 FROM WITNESS)) That is what I was thinking maybe, but weird that they all are shaped the same way and so clear. What a strange lense flare!!  I have taken lots of night pictures and never had this happen before. Did the photos come in clearly? I think I may have sent them too small so when u zoom in it breaks up. For some reason when I send photos over outlook they don't send well. If you want I can send one through AOL and see if it is more clear. ((END #1)) ((RESPONSE #2 FROM WITNESS)) The more I study these I see that indeed they all seem to line directly with a light..all pointing away from the light. Weird though how the same light in diff pictures without  moving the camera (was on a tripod), create these flares in different outshoots of the light beams, as if they moved since the last photo. Anyway..they had me freaked out for a good part of a day...but I am convinced you are correct. Thanks for your time. ((END RESPONSE));44.6479;-124.0507
