Flying disk and unidentified life forms seen in Newport, Oregon.;2015-08-22 02:00:00;40 minutes;Flying disk and unidentified life forms seen in Newport, Oregon. My experience took place on August 22nd, 2015, at about 2:00am in Newport, Oregon.  My husband and I were sitting on the balcony of our fourth story hotel room, enjoying each other and the ocean.  I saw what appeared to be a shooting star appear from the side of our hotel and said, Look!  A shooting star, so my husband saw it also.   After a second, I realized it was white and disc shaped.  It appeared to be smaller and a whole lot closer, maybe about the elevation a drone would have been at.   It was angled downward and slightly towards the ocean as it slowly fell.  We kept watching as it as it changed angles and speed, darting directly parallel to the ocean.   As it continued to travel, it slowed again making a boomerang type movement, then darted up to the shore.  It was nearly directly in front of my hotel room and approximately 3 feet above the ocean, it moved slowly back and forth over a few feet of length directly parallel to the shoreline.  It appeared to fade in and out of vision a few times, then reappear a short distance ahead of where it was.  It was as if it kept travelling the same speed and distance, but was fading in and out.   Directly underneath, it appeared 3 beings with white faces that appeared to glow.  They were very visible, even in the dark. After about a minute, the disc disappeared, but the beings remained, and they were directly aligned. From the fourth floor I could not judge size exactly.  These beings had dark bodies, it was easy to see their movements.  They would bend down to the sand, or sit down, then get back up, all at the same time.  They stayed in formation, most times a line, and pretty soon they multiplied.  Nothing flew in or out, they just appeared. 3 became 6, 6 became 8 and at final count there were about ten.   My husband had decided to go out and see up close what was there.  I watched as he made his way down to the ocean.  The beings appeared to become smaller, my husband said he saw that as well.  He said there was a strange energy as he got closer to them.  What he saw were about 10 large birds that were not sea birds.  He was able to walk up closely to them, but they did not startle.  He then shooed them, and they flew off.  When he did that, from the fourth floor, I was able to see that as soon as they moved they were flying.  That means if anything would have flown into view, I would have seen it clearly. I am not looking for scrutiny or publicity, so I would really appreciate if this post could be kept confidential.  This event lasted about 40 minutes in total, but i did not want to take my eyes off of them to go and get a camera.  I figured they could have vanished any minute and I wanted to see as much as I could.  I have additional details that I did not put in this report.  Please contact my husband or me with further questions. Much Respect, ((names deleted));44.6479;-124.0507
