Two men observe large, red/orange, glowing object disappear into the night sky.;2004-08-20 22:30:00;30 minutes;Two men observe large, red/orange, glowing object disappear into the night sky. During a camping trip in Newport, OR, myself and a friend of mine were watching the sunset along the coast line.  We were facing the western coast line from 20:30 - 23:00  Approximately 30 minutes after the sunset we noticed a single, large, glowing object moving across the water.  We dismissed it as a barge of some kind and didn't pay it much attention until it started  moving into the air. The object in question was  moved slowly back and forth in the air then shot back down behind a nearby jetty.  We then observed the fireball like object maneuver above the jetty making swift movements along the length of it. At last the object slowly raised up into the air, positioned itself behind a nearby hill then shot up into the night sky and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));44.6479;-124.0507
Two people witnessed five lights floating in formation, absolutely silent, headed from northeast to southwest over my hometown of Newpo;2013-05-04 21:53:00;3:00 minutes;Two people witnessed five lights floating in formation, absolutely silent, headed from northeast to southwest over my hometown of Newport, Oregon.   At first we saw just one of them as it came into view over the top of neighborhood buildings.  We thought it was a helicopter floodlight or maybe searchlight since we live right on the coast.  But it didn't look like the same color as the normal U.S. Coast Guard helicopter searchlights that we see from time to time here.  My girlfriend and I stood up at the same time to walk out to get a better look, and we could see that there were five of these lights floating by in formation.  They looked like fireballs and they were flying not directly over us, but close enough to get a good long look.  They were flying at about the same altitude as helicopters or other aircraft might fly at, and flew faster than something just drifting by, like a balloon or something.  They did not make any sudden changes in flight pattern, they just went silently past us and headed southwest out over the Pacific Ocean.  We just stood there in amazement and wondered what we were seeing, while trying to capture with our cell phone camera.  We did manage to get around 10 seconds of these strange lights pretty good.  On the recording, it looks part fireball and part weird lights.  Very unusual!;44.6479;-124.0507
