Zig-Zagging light similar to star moving around other stars changing intensity as if looping in/out light range;1977-06-15 21:30:00;20+10 min;Zig-Zagging light similar to star moving around other stars changing intensity as if looping in/out light range Reported By: ((name deleted))-Chandler, AZ.  -  November 3, 1999  -  6:36 PM Subject: UFO Sighting  &  Unexplained Event  -  Event Location: Newport, Oregon  -  Time of event: 9-10pm Date: 6/77-7/77 - Additional Info: at the beach  - Witnesses: 1 - Objects Shape: Light  -  Number of objects: 2 Event Description: I'm originally from Pa. and went to Oregon for vacation in 1977 when I was 17 with my brother who was on leave from the air force, so a more exact time frame is obtainable. The only other witness I know of is a guy from Walla Walla, WA. who I met in the campground we were staying, but they left before we woke up the next morning, so any actual confirmation would be from someone I never met before or saw after. You're the only ones I've ever submitted this to, although I've told many over the years. After having dinner on the beach this guy and I went around a pile of driftwood to do some stargazing (nothing else!). We watched what looked just like a star moving around other stars in erratic sharp turning patterns, except it would get brighter and fainter as it moved in & out of light range. We looked away and then back minutes later and it was still there, but it started to arc toward the south then stopped and continued its erratic movement. We continued to watch until it started to arc again and met another similar light which traveled straight in the opposite direction.(probably a satellite)   We watched it straight above for about a 20 min, looked away for about 5 min, watched again for 10 min before it started its 1 min arc to about 10:00 in the sky, where it stayed for 10 min and we looked away again for 5 min then back for 2 min until it moved to intercept the other northerly arcing light. We left after they were straight above us, it got way to weird. Just to point out the important parts again. It was star like and was constantly moving in a sharp erratic pattern around and past fixed stars and in and out of light range indicating depth in space. We watched it for an hour or more. The only one to verify it is someone from Walla Walla. A more exact date probably could be obtained. I'm not insane and it still tingles my spine when I talk about it. ((NUFORC Note:  Time and date are approximate.  PD));44.6479;-124.0507
Two parellel luminescent lights decended from sky and vanished over ocean without sound.;2001-01-20 02:00:00;5 seconds;Two parellel luminescent lights decended from sky and vanished over ocean without sound. I was on a balcony admiring at the stars overlooking the Pacific ocean around 2 am. Looked up and saw two parellel lights decending and transited over my head. They  moved simultaneosly out over the ocean. They were larger than a shooting star (about 3x) had a lumenescence, no tail, and much lower to the ground (about 10,000-15,000ft).They did not make a sound, and were moving very fast in perfect formation with each other.Were decending as they came closer to the ocean. I believe I witnessed something extraordinary and unexplainable. I went to the local Coast Guard office to file a report and see if anyone else (fishing ships) had witnessed it. They gave me this name and number. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness at some length, and we found her to be a very convincing witness.  Her description was quite precise.  PD));44.6479;-124.0507
0:00 04/23/08 Newport Oregon High Flying Objects with Red Halo/Haze @ High Speed, No Sound;2008-04-23 00:00:00;1 min;0:00 04/23/08 Newport Oregon High Flying Objects with Red Halo/Haze @ High Speed, No Sound At approximately midnight I was outside looking at the stars. I noticed an extremely highflying object moving east off the ocean then quickly changing course proceeding southwest. The object had an enormously large red haze or halo around what looked like a star, traveled at fast speeds with no sound. Because the object was flying so high, this red halo/haze was the only way my eye could keep tracking its position and movements which I consequently lost sight of behind high clouds. A moment later I tracked another object starting at the same position as the first, again showing a red haze/halo around it and followed the same course.;44.6479;-124.0507
One bright red light, not flashing, traveled from north to south about 1,000 ft above us.;2011-07-04 22:35:00;5 minutes;One bright red light, not flashing, traveled from north to south about 1,000 ft above us. It was the night of the 4th of July, 2011 in Newport, Oregon, along the Central Oregon Coast. My friends and I were on my boat, moored at the marina, watching the fireworks display over Yaquina Bay. The display ended around 10:30 pm.  I noticed a bright, solitary red light in the sky to the north.  It was traveling north to south, directly towards us, and I believed it to be an airplane except the light was not flashing, and was much larger than lights on a plane.  I watched the light for about a minute, waiting to see flashing or other colors with it.  But there were no other lights or colors. I pointed it out to one of my friends who had remained after the fireworks display.  He and I watched this bright red light coming in our direction for about two minutes, trying to determine what it might be.  We considered it was probably a light from a Coast Guard helicopter.  That wasn’t the case. Within about four minutes of first noticing the light, it was finally directly overhead, at an altitude of about 1,000 feet.  We then knew it was not an airplane, or a helicopter.  It made no sound whatsoever. It appeared to be traveling faster than any plane that would have been flying overhead.  Almost immediately after it passed us, the light became smaller and dimmer, appearing to be less than half the original size. It seemed to be traveling more than twice as fast once it was south of us, than when it was coming towards us. Within about 20 seconds after passing over us, the light seemed to shrink until it was completely gone. We have no idea what was generating that bright red light thatwe were watching for almost five minutes.;44.6479;-124.0507
Object in night sky lands/communicates with Vega.;2014-05-11 22:45:00;3-5 minutes;Object in night sky lands/communicates with Vega. On 5/11/14 at approximately 23:45, I was soaking in my hot tub facing South.  The Moon was 2 days shy of being full yet there was still plenty of stars to see on that clear night. I noticed a couple quick flashes directly under the Moon and quickly came to the conclusion it was a satellite.  Then, I saw the object heading East and knew right away it was moving too fast to be a satellite.  After about 3 seconds, the object shot 90 degrees and suddenly stopped.  I thought to myself, way too fast to be anything man made yet too slow to be a shooting star or other space garbage.  Not to mention, it didn't 'burn out'. At that moment, I knew it was not of this world.  The object moved up and down and then headed to a bright star.  I later learned from my phone app, Google Sky Map, the star was Vega located in the constellation Lyra.  I could barely see the object as it seemed to closely orbit Vega.  About three minutes later, the object headed North and I lost sight of it. The whole sighting was as if I was looking at a dim star/satellite that was moving at different speeds.  All I can think of is how fast that object must have been going to travel the distance it did in such a short period of time.   Also, if it was a craft of some kind, how could I see it with the naked eye?  My only conclusion is it travelled through some worm hole?  Maybe it wasn't a craft but a form of energy?  I am reporting this in hope that someone else saw it too.  Very interested in if anyone has any thoughts on what I saw also.;44.6479;-124.0507
Numerous orange lights drifting inland from over the ocean.;2014-06-15 00:00:00;20 minutes;Numerous orange lights drifting inland from over the ocean. This observation took place after midnight around 12:30 am but I couldn't get the time entered correctly in box provided. I live across HiWay 101 not far from the beach.  I went out on my balcony to smoke a cigarette and looked towards the ocean through the trees surrounding my home and I noticed some orange round lights drifting through the sky.   At first there were maybe 5 or 6 of these lights.  As I continued to watch more and more lights appeared coming from the area of the beach and ocean.  At one point there were probably 20 lights visible to me.   As I looked towards the horizon more of these lights appeared.   In all I would say there were 50 or more of these lights.   My background is Psychiatric Emergency Specialist, and I am also a Social Worker.;44.6479;-124.0507
