This object was on the south beach area near the airport.  I believe the object was partially behind a hill, so I wasn't able to get a;2003-11-07 20:00:00;about 5 min;This object was on the south beach area near the airport.  I believe the object was partially behind a hill, so I wasn't able to get a view of the whole thing.  It was very big it's hard to tell because of the distance away I was but at least 150 to 200 yards long.  the object had two triangular points on each end and was connected by a straight piece.  The object was very very bright the whole thing was lit up there were no spaces in the object that I could see.  The light was white maybe alittle off white slightly.  There was also a white light that circled the object through the middle.  It moved up and down very slowly behind the hill just sitting there, then a coast guard helicopter flew over to the object and started circling around it, then the lights on the object just went out instantly.;44.6479;-124.0507
T-shaped craft traveling offshore that was absolutely not a helicopter or airplane of any sort;2016-02-10 05:15:00;<2 minutes;T shaped craft traveling offshore that was absolutely not a helicopter or airplane of any sort At approximately 5:15am, I witnessed what I can only describe as a UFO traveling in a SW direction over Newport, Oregon.  I was located roughly 3 miles south of the local municipal airport and was outside stargazing before going to sleep, when I noticed a light and what appeared to be the underside of a vehicle lit from below traveling overhead. My first instinct was to get excited, thinking I was viewing the ISS traveling past. I knew that at those altitudes, they are usually still lit by the sun while other areas are in pitch black.  I then realized that this object in no way resembled the ISS and would have been far smaller if it were. Being near the municipal airport, I then tried to guess if it was a plane or helicopter, but the object consisted of a single light (approximately as bright as Sirius) and a main body that split into a “T” shape that appeared lighted from below.  It seemed to be traveling low, but there was no sound at all – we normally have helicopters flying overhead and can hear them very clearly, especially when all other daily traffic is gone.  The “T” shaped section was moving approximately 30-45 degrees off axis, so I knew it could not be a plane. Located along the coastal highway, I watched as this object moved into the tree line.  I was unable to grab a picture with my camera phone, so I jumped in the car to a lookout point along the ocean about .5miles away.  By the time I pulled in and got out (about 2 minutes max) it had already disappeared, having flown off over the water in a west-southwest direction. I’m a scientist for Oregon State University, and have seen many type of aircraft, but this was nothing I know about.  When calling the local police station to ask if anyone else had reported anything, they said they had not heard anything of that nature being called in.;44.6479;-124.0507
