Huge triangular object, several football fields in width with bright white lights on the underside, hovered and followed our vehicle.;2017-11-10 20:00:00;5 minutes;Huge triangular object, several football fields in width with bright white lights on the underside, hovered and followed our vehicle. On Friday, November 10, 2017, at approximately 8:30 p.m., my sister and I were driving from Cleveland, Ohio to Conneaut, Ohio, to our parents’ home in the countryside. Each of us had traveled to Ohio from different states for a funeral service in Cleveland to be held on Saturday, November 11th.  I live in Texas and my sister lives in New Hampshire. It had been dark for several hours.  We were driving to our parents’ home on State Route 7 a few miles from the old Raceway 7.  The nearest city is Conneaut, Ohio.  It is a very rural area with only sporadic traffic. We had leased a Toyota Rav, I was driving, and my sister was in the passenger seat.  We were traveling about 50 mph. Over a period of a minute or so, I became aware of a bright light in the sky to my left and out the window.  Fairly low to the ground, my first thought was that it was a power transmission tower with lights.  However, as we grew closer to the brightness, I could see an outline of an object and realized that it was suspended in the sky – it was definitely not a transmission tower. We were still traveling approximately 50 mph and started moving underneath the object, which was either stopped or traveling much slower that we were.  At this point, it was hovering directly over the highway and our vehicle. Both of us realized that the object was of immense size – huge.  Seemingly triangular in shape with a flat underside, its lower surface, very dark and almost black, was completely covered in an array of different sized very bright lights, both large and small.  All of these lights were white. Very apprehensive, I asked my sister, “What is that thing?”  My sister, concerned at this point too, unbuckled her seat belt and instantly turned around in her seat to look up and out the rear window.  She screamed, “I think it is a UFO!”   The object was so immense that its outer edges seemingly spanned hundreds of feet outward in both directions on either side of our car. As we watched its outer edges, my sister stated that she thought it was following us. We continued driving, speeding up to try to get out from under it, and at this point saw that we were nearing our parents’ home.  My sister yelled, “Switch off the headlights, I think it is following us!”  I did turn off the headlights and we sped down the dirt driveway.  Thinking it was overhead, we and bolted into the house, terrified, without stopping to remove our personal items from the car. My sister stated that she felt we were in danger and we did not exit the house for fifteen minutes, hoping that the object had departed. We both believe that this object was as large as several football fields. We saw no wings (as with an aircraft) and heard no sound.  It was completely silent.  The object was not high in the sky, but flew very low, much lower than would be expected of a conventional aircraft. At no time could we see the top of the object.  The only visible part was the extremely expansive dark and very bottom of the craft, with numerous bright white lights. In short, this was one of the strangest events I have witnessed.  This was definitely not an airplane or jet, it was very low to the ground, it made no sound, it was larger than any aircraft I have ever seen, and it seemingly followed us for a short distance. My sister and I felt sense of panic – mainly because of the tremendous size of it – and the fact it was directly over us and seemed to be following our car. I have been a Pilates instructor and myofascial therapist for over twenty years, and my sister owns a lumber brokerage business.  We both have good jobs and are in our late 50’s, we had not consumed any alcohol, and to this date, we cannot furnish a rational explanation for what we witnessed that night.;41.9345;-80.5803
