On Nov. 16, 2006 as I saw this large object with a circumference of approximately ten feet.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible star??  PD));2006-10-16 00:00:00;2+hrs;On Nov. 16, 2006 as I was turning the lights out & preparing to retire, I saw this large object with a circumference of approximately ten feet hovering above the tree tops West of the town.  It was shiny with radiant red & blue lights that flashed constantly.   I observed this from 11:40 pm until 2:am from both my living room & my deck.  It stayed in the same place all of that time.  I didn't hear any kind of motor sound while I was outside. The following night it returned, but was much higher up & more to the west, over the National Forest.  It had the same red & blue lights flashing.  I observed this from 1:00am until 1:30 & then retired. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe we spoke with this witness.  The object's apparent size suggests to us that she may have been looking at a star.  PD));47.6412;-120.6718
Single, fireball, orange, low alt, low speed, observing like behavior.;2018-07-13 00:00:00;4+ hours until sunrise;Single, fireball, orange, low alt, low speed, observing like behavior. I was sitting outside in my yard, waiting for coals of my fire pit to cool down enough so I could feel safe leaving them for the night and not starting a grass fire since the wind had begun to pick up quite a bit about an hour after sunset.  I live at the tip end of a long valley and only a small portion of the sky facing south can be seen from where I was sitting next to my fire pit south facing. It was a strange feeling I had come over me, all the birds and bees had stopped making noises except for a pair of hooting owls who had been the chorus for the evening, as if that alone was not odd enough.  I suddenly got the startling realization that I was not alone, something was over me observing me almost critically I felt.  There was no one who I could account for since we live out in the middle of nowhere practically and it was only my husband and I home that night and he had gone to bed an hour prior to this experience I began having. At first, I got very scared and tried to refocus my eyes from the fire to the pitch black that surrounded me, but there was not a peep of anything I could see or hear virtually nothing, and that creeped me out even more.  Out of panic and to calibrate my location I looked up to see where the stars were in the night sky, and it seemed they had all but one gone into the darkness as well.  It was very odd that on a clear night sky no clouds I could observe no glittered sky just one single throbbing orange light beaming up in the night sky.  It was very obviously not a planet and was slowly moving closer to my location but seemed at least a mile or so away.  I was locked into its hypnotic throbbing pulsing, slow like the rhythm of a heart and it seemed to be directing all its attention into me!  This may be a delusion, given my frenzied state, however it lingered in the gaze for such a long time I thought if I kept looking at it, it might zap my brain or take my soul from my body or worse, I was not sure really.  It seemed like it was trying to do moriss code as it crept closer but I have no clue what Morris code signal it would be trying to send to lil old me alone in the dark in the middle of nowhere in the middle of the night!  Maybe it just enjoyed my fire pit and wanted to say hi.  Either way after about 30 mins of locked focused gaze my fire pit was barley glowing and I had come to determine it was time to go to sleep. One I got to bed I woke about every hour just to take a peek to see if this thing was still out there and it was!  Last peek was the break of dawn, I wish I had thought to take a picture.  If I see it again I will be sure to follow up with photos.  Good news is it returned last night as well, so here’s hoping it comes tonight as well. Peter I love you for all the hard work, dedication, and love you have for this subject.  Your the best, thanks for letting me share.;47.6412;-120.6718
