It was an orange ball, circle type, it glowed somewhat. It seemed to be a circle with something above it that seemed to be either carry;2000-01-27 19:40:00;10 minutes;It was an orange ball, circle type, it glowed somewhat. It seemed to be a circle with something above it that seemed to be either carrying it. I went outside to watch the stars as I talked on the phone to my friend. It was about 7:40pm. Janurary 27th of 2000. It was a clear evening, there were many stars out, no moon. I looked up and to my right I saw the object slowly moving towards me. It was a fire orange type of circle. I noticed that it had something attatched to it at the top. That part was not lit up. I could barely make it out. I told my friend, who lives across the highway from me to go outside and look up and see it. She went out and right away noticed it also.  We both watched it together while talking on the phone. It moved slowly for a few minutes and then it stopped. It stood still for about 2 minutes. At that time I noticed that it seemed to spark off a little and I thought I might have seen a red tail. My friend thought she saw that too. But it was only for a second, and then I thoguht I saw it again, just for a second. Then it started to fade out and move slowly towards the east. It almost disappeared to where I could barely make it out, but I strained hard to watch it. It lit up a little more and I watched it move across the sky very slowly. It seemed to move from side to side and it seemed to be moving down a little to where the mountain was. Then I could not see it any longer. I then told my husband to go out and see if he could see anything and by then he could not, it was no longer in the sky or in eye site. I witnessed this object for about 10 minutes. I have seen this before on three other occassions. The first time I saw it was two years ago. Then on this new years eve, while I was outside watching the fireworks, I saw two of them. I was very afraid all of the times that I saw these. I am the type of person that is realistic, and down to earth but I know what I saw did not sit well with me. I was frightened. I don't think this was a man made thing at all. My instinct tells me that it was something very unusual. I really just would like to know what I saw. I don't know if it was a satelite or what.;47.6412;-120.6718
I saw and orange fireball streak across the sky from generally north to south for about 2 seconds in duration.;2012-08-15 21:44:00;2 seconds;I saw and orange fireball streak across the sky from generally north to south for about 2 seconds in duration. I stepped outside to smoke a cigarette.  I was gazing at the stars.  As I looked to my left I saw and orange fireball streak across the sky from generally north to south.  It crossed in front of the big dipper, and was visible for approximately 2 seconds.  Also, it appeared to be quite low in the sky seemingly not too far above the tree tops here in Leavenworth, WA.  This event occurred at approximately 9:44pm PDT. I am aware of some comets that have been visible. Perhaps it was a comet, but I have seen this type of orange fireball before in the Benson, AZ area.;47.6412;-120.6718
