distant sighting of unexplainable triangle formation lights above north central washington state;2003-04-18 22:30:00;>1 min;distant sighting of unexplainable triangle formation lights above north central washington state as i was watching the stars from a hill top on the outskirts of town i noticed that two of the stars in the vacinity of the big dipper were moving.   Then i realized there was another in front making a triangle shape (like a pizza slice).  The triangle was about half the size of box part of the big dipper.  The three lights were very close to the size of the stars and close to the size of satellites but these lights were moving at the same speed and in the same direction making me disbelieve my first assumption that they were sattelites.   I'm not positve of the direction they were heading in but i'd guess south-east.   I excitedly yelled for my friend to look at what iwas watching once i was sure i was seeing something unusual.   After my friend got out of his tent and i had pointed out the three lights to him it soon began to change course and if it was a solid object banked like a plane and each light with the point first vanished in turn.   I say if it was soild object because i didn't notice if i could stll see stars in the space between the lights but it the lights certainly moved as if connected.  They appeared to be extremly high in the sky travelly at normal plane altitude or higher.   There was no unusal sound that i heard.  it was a clear night.   The duration of sighting was less than 1 minute probably about 30-40 seconds.   We both feel that we saw something quite unexplainable.;47.6412;-120.6718
Bright triangular shape changing direction and moving irregularly.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Intl. Space Station.  PD));2011-06-13 22:21:00;6 minutes;Bright triangular shape changing direction and moving irregularly. Arrived from a South-Westerly direction, headed South-East.  It was a steady, bright yellowish light, moving swiftly, leaving no contrail.  The level did not coincide with that of airplanes or satellites, in that it appeared closer.  In addition, the mass appeared larger and brighter.  It was originally headed slightly to our left, in a gentle arc.  After four minutes, it changed direction, heading directly away.  There was a slight zigzagging as it receded.  Triangular shape based on our observance point depending on its varied trajectory.  Two fragile, yet steady points of light emitting from upper planes of triangle when viewed from below (prior to direction change)  Left sight at 10:27 pm, still heading South East at our best estimation. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of International Space Station, visible at 22:21 hrs.  PD));47.6412;-120.6718
