Several pulsating lights from a single craft flew at low altidude, traveling from the east horizon to west horizion at high velocity.;2012-07-25 22:30:00;3 minutes;Several pulsating lights from a single craft flew at low altidude, traveling from the east horizon to west horizion at high velocity. This evening at approximately 10:30 P.M. central time, I walked out of my residence in northeastern Louisiana. The moon is very bright and intense, and the entire landscape is bathed with a silver aurora of moonlight. The night air is heavy and dense, but the cloudless night sky is similar to the clarity one experiences on a chilly winter night.  I glanced at the sky very briefly to study how the moon has dimmed the stars, making only the brightest ones clear. The radiance of the moon outshines the majority of the stars towards the west, but to the east, a large portion of the stars are left shinning. It is here in which my gaze was drawn. I was admiring the stars when I noticed two distinct and separate lights moving in the sky.  One was the typical sight of a commercial airliner flying at 30,000 ft.  These are easily distinguished because of their snail-like pace, and how they creep across the night sky, in a steady line, and never change course quickly.  This plane was moving towards the southwest, and was flying at a much higher altitude than the second object. This object I thought as being very peculiar.  It seemed to be at a much, much lower altitude than the airliner, and was at approximately 2000-4000 feet in the sky, and emitted no sound, it featured red, white, and green lights, that functioned as follows: the outside lights were red, the middle lights were white, and the center light was green.  The lights pulsed from the outside toward the inside and were arranged in a horizontal fashion, and allowed for me to follow the craft’s trajectory, while the shape was more ambiguous, it could have been either cigar shaped, or disk-like.  It was flying in a southwest direction, coming from the northeast section of my property, traveling southward diagonally. It flew in a line that went from open air to behind the tree line.  It traveled much more quickly than I have ever seen a plane, and this is what sparked my curiosity.  After it disappeared I went inside and told my mother and brother to come quickly.  Thirty more seconds elapsed, and then the craft came from behind the tree line, changing from a southerly course and began traveling westward towards the moon.  This change of direction is what heightened my curiosity, because the craft seemed to be completing some type of circle.  The UFO went from the visible east skyline, to the visible west skyline traveling at an immense speed, and in under a minute it disappeared into the distance and out of my sight. I am apprehensive to believe this is a craft from another world, because there is an Air Force base in Shreveport within 200 miles of my location.  But this was not a helicopter, commercial air-liner, or weather phenomenon.  I believe in the reality that other beings visit our planet, but there is the doubt that the craft I saw was a form of secret military testing.  I have not to date every seen anything in the sky that resembles this craft.  I am still somewhat shaken from this event, and the shear, silent eeriness that I experienced will not be soon forgotten.;32.8734;-92.2824
