Triangular craft moves like leaf and later 3 multicolor fading lights form PERFECT triangle and turn counterclockwise;2012-06-03 22:03:00;3 minutes;Triangular craft moves like leaf and later 3 multicolor fading lights form PERFECT triangle and turn counterclockwise   I was down fernside on my way home and as I was passing the local middle school I noticed there we're lots of planes at different levels, with different colored lights pulsing all at different rates (which is usually typical) but I decided to keep paying attention because of how many there were! There had to be more than 10 in the sky around the same area that night, which doesn't seem very safe. It wasn't until I was crossing the bay farm bridge that I saw a triangular shaped aircraft swaying downward left and right like a leaf that I thought...something is seriously not right. I look around again and notice all the aircrafts I saw were either gone or my much much farther except for three above what I know as trash mountain (the gated off blonde grassy area on bay farm side near the bridge/bike path). They were far enough to only be perceived as lights but close enough to see them change colors from blue red purple orangish white.  They were all moving delicately and began to form a PERFECT triangle.  Then it began to move counterclockwise STILL keeping the perfect formation and STILL changing colors.  These color changes werent flashy or quick.  They were slow and almost faded into one another.  After the lights stopped turn they branched off one by one to form a perfect line with perfect spacing in between.  By that point I had to turn right and it was on the left ! side of the bridge so I could no longer see it.  I have seen small bright stars in the night sky that have the same color fading effect that i have not noticed before this year.  I usually see them in three as well, either creating an elongated line or decently distantanced triangle, but still very exact form from what I make of it.;37.7632174999999;-122.2586225
