Stationary light goes from dim to bright with secondary tiny object going past it, disappears, reappears, blinks out with a red flash.;2012-08-06 01:20:00;40 min;Stationary light goes from dim to bright with secondary tiny object going past it, disappears, reappears, blinks out with a red flash. UFO over Admiralty Inlet  In the early morning hours of August 6, 2012 at 1:12am I observed a stationary light that was dimmed and then became very bright yellow/white over Admiralty Inlet of Puget Sound, Washington.  The sky was slightly overcast and I could see only one star as I looked through the window in its direction.  The moon was visible but with a haze over it.  The moon’s light was diffuse.  I went outside and there was no sound.  Normally there is noise from planes and boats.  It was quiet---no boats or ships going by at the moment.  The water was very quiet too, no strong waves.  The light was too close to be a star.  It did not move. I thought maybe it could be a plane coming straight toward me and that would be the reason that it did not move. About ten minutes later I decided that was not a good explanation as it did not seem to come closer either. I went inside to get my binoculars and leaned my elbows on the back of the couch to try to keep the binoculars still.  My cat bumped my arm so I shooed the cat away but by the time I looked again, the light had vanished. I went to the kitchen to put the binocular away, when suddenly the light reappeared in the same place before my eyes.  I thought, “This cannot be a plane.  Who in their right mind would turn the lights off and on?” I then noticed a tiny speck shooting very fast that appeared under and going past the bright light.  I would have thought it to be a shooting star but only one star was visible that night and usually a shooting star is seen clear down to the horizon.  The little tiny fast moving thing was lit up as it approached the bright light and for a split second after it passed the bright light then no longer visible.  The tiny moving object was visible for only a split second.  I do not know if it was related to or independent of the bigger bright light. I had the feeling that the small thing must be of some reflective material that was light up by the big light as it passed by and underneath. I continued to watch it get very bright.  At about 1:40am there was a flash of red light and it was gone.  I did not see it fly away.  It just disappeared.  I watched ten more minutes.  It did not come back.;48.0458;-122.6967
