3 then 4 lights above Santa Monica Bay, directly aligned above each other, flashing green and red.;2010-08-18 20:47:00;10 minutes;3 then 4 lights above Santa Monica Bay, directly aligned above each other, flashing green and red. While driving from the top of the peninsula down to PV drive West, we saw 3 bright lights in the sky on the opposite side of Santa Monica Bay above Malibu.  It seemed odd to us that stars would be aligned so perfectly like that, so we kept watching to see if they were planes, or thought maybe our shifting view would clarify what they were. Our view was obstructed for two minutes, and as we approached Palos Verdes Drive W. (we were on Via Coronel at this point), the lights came in to view again, unchanged.  Our view was obstructed again as we approached the Palos Verdes Drive West, and was blocked by trees as we headed North for around 1/4 mile.  When there was a break in the trees, we pulled over to give it a better look, and again we saw the lights. The lights were definitely above land, though not extremely high in the sky.  They were as bright or brighter than how Venus usually appears.  We guessed that there was around 1000 ft between each light.  It seemed odd to us that stars would be aligned so perfectly like that, and while we were watching, the middle and upper light started flashing.  The light on top was flashing green and the middle light flashed red.  This continued for approximately one minute, then suddenly a fourth white light zoomed in from the East and into position directly over the green light, and a second or two later the lowest light took off in the opposite direction. Following that, the red and green lights turned white again.  Then one by one, the three remaining lights appeared to be moving away into the opposite direction of where we were.  First, the uppermost light became fainter and fainter, then the middle light and finally the lowest light remained, becoming fainter, and then disappeared.  The entire event probably lasted 30 minutes, though the initial alignment that we saw may have been like that for awhile. (My cell phone battery was dead, or I would've taken video of this!);33.7671;-118.3814
