I saw a bright light in the sky, it looked like a small plane,it was florescent aqua blue and looked like it was crashing.;2001-11-25 20:40:00;30-40 seconds;I saw a bright light in the sky, it looked like a small plane,it was florescent aqua blue and looked like it was crashing. I saw a bright light in the sky, it looked like a small plane, it was traveling just  the same speed of a plane,  There was just one thing wrong with it was a florescent agua blue. I was driving west to my sons house and was almost to his driveway when I saw a bright light in the sky.  I observed it and it looked like a small plane, it was traveling just  the same speed of a plane, it was in the south sky heading in a downward motion across the sky to the north, like a falling plane.  There was just one thing wrong with it was a florescent agua blue. I watched it go across the sky toward the horizen, It scared me because I thought it is going to hit my sons house, but it disappeared by going behind trees and my sons house, it was about 8:45 pm when I got insie my sons house and asked him and my other son if they had heard a crash or anything unusual, but he said no.  Him and I looked out the back window of his house in the westerly direction, there is a field with horses on that side of the house and behind that is an orchard.  Him and I both saw something square glowing in the dark, it was white and lasted about 10 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and have other corroborating reports for the event.  Please see other reports from California.  Object may have been a meteor, but we are uncertain, given the other reports we received from other parts of the U. S., Canada, and Brazil for this date.  PD));37.6597064766839;-120.989695336787
very bright light on other side of the mountain, hovering craft with bight light  on top and red lights flickering along bottom;2003-01-24 01:30:00;20 min;very bright light on other side of the mountain, hovering craft with bight light  on top and red lights flickering along bottom I was leaving a friends house in Livermore Ca around 1am and I took the corral hollow road so I can intersec with highway 132. While on corral road I noticed a very bright light south of where I was. I thought maybe it was technicians working on mt oso but when I got though the canyon of corral hollow road and onto 580 there it was. It was hugh, just sitting hovering about 500' or so of mt oso. it was a large something with red lights blinking along the bottom of the craft. It also looked like the center of it had walkways or sky walks. I never stopped and as I connected with highway 132 towards modesto I can see it pretty good. I thought it was maybe tower or crain crews but no way. I know it wasnt a helecopter because I have flown on them and it wasnt a plane because it looked nothing like a plane. All I can say is I saw somethig that I have never seen before. There was other cars that had to see the sam thing. It was pretty wild.;37.6597064766839;-120.989695336787
Black helicopter with very bright pulsating light.;2007-11-19 17:30:00;5 mins;Black helicopter with very bright pulsating light. We were driving on Route 132 from Waterford towards Modesto at sunset. For approx. 5 mins we observed a very bright light at first constant but then it began to pulsate regularly. The intensity was approx. 3 times that of Venus at it's brightest. As we came closer to it it appeared to be a black helicopter and stopped pulsating. The reason we are reporting this is that it seemed extremely odd that a helicopter would have such a blinding white pulsating light on it. Wether it was something strange or not will never be known but we report it in case there were any other observations or anomolous activity in the area that night.;37.6597064766839;-120.989695336787
A diamond shapped object dimly lit and moving silent through the night sky;2010-01-13 23:25:00;1 minute;A diamond shapped object dimly lit and moving silent through the night sky (I am submitting this report that was sent to me by a married couple in my area - I did not see the ufo myself)  ((name and e-address deleted))  Report from husband:  Right after we saw this thing, my wife came in the house and started typing about our experience.  That's when the big jet flew over, and I ran out of the house to look at it. When I came back in, I sat down with my wife and we worked together to describe what happened.  We kept talking to each other about the details, trying to explain what we saw, and we couldn't explain it, only talk about it. I'll let my wife type now!  Thanks!    Report from wife:  First of all, let me preface this by saying I never thought I'd be saying or seeing anything like this, but I did, along with my husband, and we feel we should tell someone who won't think we've gone off the deep end!   LOL    You may share our story if you want to, but we would strongly ask to remain anonymous.  We could accurately be portrayed as a middle-aged (ugh! LOL) married couple in Modesto.  My husband is a professional whose name is recognizable to those in his field, and I hope you understand and respect our need to remain anonymous to anyone other than yourself. That being said, here's what happened:  (pasted here from what I wrote directly after seeing whatever it was we saw.  My husband and I compared notes as I typed, and are in agreement with everything detailed in the following account.)  Jan 13, 2010 approx. 11:20 pm PST, in Modesto, CA, my husband and I were in our backyard to take the dog out for the night.   The sky was very clear, and we were looking at the stars while waiting for the dog to go potty.   My husband suddenly said, Look!  What IS that? and pointed up, towards the NW sky, but somewhat overhead. There was something flying very steadily, at a moderate speed - hard to say exactly how fast, not knowing how high the object really was, or how large it may have been, given unknown altitude.  But, we had the impression it was somewhat low-flying, and fairly large in size. It was completely silent. So much so, it was almost dream-like in a way.  It just didn’t “compute” that something could be doing that and not make a sound. It was definitely not a balloon, moving too evenly and directly.  No wobble or any variance in its trajectory or speed - very smooth, perfectly straight line, perfectly consistent speed.  It flew directly over us on its path.  I have no doubt whatsoever it was moving of its own power.  And this is hard to explain, but it was as if it was maintaining its level, speed and smoothness with no effort - as if gravity, air resistance or any of our conventional laws of physics were not an issue, if that makes any sense. There were no definite lights, however the entire object was dimly luminous.  It was certainly the source of the light itself, it was not a reflection or a beam of light.  Nor did it project any illumination or beam of light.  It just was kind of phosphorescent.  There were no visible markings at all.  It was not really bright, but sort of similar to how a light looks when turned low on a dimmer switch, or even less.  It didn't have finely exact definite edges - it was dim enough to appear somewhat diffuse, though the shape was completely discernable, and incomparable to anything known.   And it was definitely a solid object. The shape is difficult to describe - somewhat diamond gem shaped, but more rounded, sort of like a horseshoe crab shape without the tail.  We both had the impression we were looking at the bottom of the object without being able to see the sides.  The same perspective one would have if they held a plate or bowl overhead and could only see the bottom. The object continued on an absolutely straight path, traveling SE, and eventually we lost sight of it, after about 30 or 40 seconds from initially sighting it. What's strange, now that I consider it, is that it did not change in dimension, in other words, as it got further away, it didn't necessarily get commensurately smaller as one would expect from normal perspective, yet we both perceived it getting further away.  Very hard to explain.  But, it was as if it finally went out of sight more as a result of not being able to see its luminosity from that distance anymore, as opposed to it getting smaller and smaller. Oddly, I feel as if its shape did not change commensurately either, the further away it got, it did not appear to become more elliptical, as one would expect something of that shape to do in normal circumstances.  Nor did we perceive seeing “sides” or a “top” to it as one may expect.  Yet, somehow, we knew it was not paper-thin, we knew we were seeing the bottom of an object of undeterminable overall multiple dimensions.  Very, very difficult to explain adequately. Although my husband kept asking me, “What is it?” and I kept answering, “I don’t know!” we were both calm during the event - no feeling of fear or panic, more so a feeling of wondering or awe.  My husband felt it was a feeling of excitement, I felt strangely calm, but in wonderment.  It is only now, after the fact, that we are somewhat agitated, a little fearful I guess, and somewhat bewildered.  Like our logical minds are seeking an explanation. Something else odd – an estimated 8 to 10 minutes after our experience, a huge jet, definitely not a commercial passenger jet, flew over really low and fast, and was very, very loud.  We NEVER have anything like this in our area – only small planes, little commuter jets upon occasion, or commercial jets flying really high.  This thing sounded like a rocket or fighter jet, and was flying really low.  We had just come in the house, and upon hearing how loud this jet was, my husband ran back outside to see it.  He said that it went south, and then abruptly circled easterly, and then turned SE, and continued in the very direction we saw the object fly.  We just thought that was weird, especially considering what we had just seen. So – that’s the story!   As fantastic as it sounds, I know what we saw, and have absolutely no idea what it was, and absolutely no doubt it was NOT anything conventional possibilities can explain.  It was like nothing I’ve ever seen in my life.;37.6597064766839;-120.989695336787
A horizontal string of 8-10 unidentified objects with a short vapor trail hovered for 5-10 min. ((NUFORC Note:  Contrails?  PD));2018-03-18 09:15:00;~15-20 minutes;A horizontal string of 8-10 unidentified objects with a short vapor trail hovered for 5-10 min then thrusted upward rapidly, On 3/18/18, at approx. 9:15am, my wife and I were traveling eastbound from Modesto, Ca to Oakdale Ca.  I noticed an object in the horizon hovering with a short vapor trail.  As I focused on the object I then noticed about 8 more similar objects lined up horizontally.  I could not tell what the object looked like.  As we traveled further eastward and about 5-8 min later the first object thrust upward rapidly and disappeared.  Seconds later the 2nd and 3rd objects did the same thing.  As they moved upward the vapor trail still was short but resembled an eye of a needle.  They others that were still left were further away but continued to hover for another 5-10 min and were gone. ((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at the photos, and the white objects appear to us to be contrails behind high-altitude aircraft, perhaps approaching an airport to the west of Modesto, perhaps SFO.  PD));37.6597064766839;-120.989695336787
