Five and a half hour light show, first one then many. Hovering , moving fast and seemingly just flying around ...read on;1991-01-15 22:00:00;5 hrs;Five and a half hour light show, first one then many. Hovering , moving fast and seemingly just flying around ...read on Two of my oldest friends and I were headed up a what was at that time a country road with a cow farm and corn fields.  There was a bright light in the sky straight in front of us but at least a mile and a half away.  As we approached it was apperent that the object was hovering over the treeline on the side of the road.  We stopped and I stuck my head out the window and heard a low pulsating humm and saw an array of lights that was in the pattern of a small green center x and four white lights going away from the points of the x and four red circular lights at the end of those.  It hovered for maybe five seconds and gradually increased speed and proceeded west.  We chased it about ten miles and noticed lots of activity in the air. We intersected the path of another craft. This one had no lights but it was noisy with traffic so I couldn't hear if it had the same humm.  We immediately wanted to go pick up another friend of ours(to bad he didn't have a video camera) to prove to ourselves we are seeing what were seeing.  After picking him up we went to the golf course because it's dark and quiet.  We observed at the hight at least twenty craft all at about seemingly the same altitude and heard not one airplane engine. It lasted from 10pm to 330am.  This night was one of those unusually dark nights , no moon , no clouds just dark and cold.  We were living within fifteen or so miles from fort dix/maguire air force base so we have heard military aircraft.  The other interesting thing is the first encounter was within two miles of an aegis radar station among the cow farm and corn stalks. Right on the corner it looked like the top of a battleship so if you are from the area you would know where i'm talking about.  The other odd thing was it was the day of the deadline for the first gulf war and we had heard all the military had to offer leaving from the base. I actually called the police when I got home and asked if anyone had reported seeing lights in the sky and he kind of snickered and said n! o. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of incident may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));40.0296;-74.8834
