Lights over Johnson CO TN;2019-11-18 00:00:00;+30 mins;Lights over Johnson CO TN Hello-  I spoke with the director of this site just minutes ago, regarding a UFO sighting in the night sky above Butler, TN, in Johnson Co.  My friend, who first witnessed the object at least a month ago, owns a home in this location, and has been taking videos of it at random intervals, when he feels that a good shot is possible, I suppose.  During a visit to his home over the weekend, he brought it to my attention, and I was quite surprised by the apparent closeness and energetic activity of the lights.  Really, I don’t know how I missed it before he pointed it out, because it was so strikingly obvious.  After some thought, I realized that I am indeed familiar with Sirius, and that there is also a star called Betelgeuse (?), or the “Witch Star” that flashes blue, red, and white, and which is incredibly visible in the winter from my home in Boone, NC.  I had actually first wondered if that was what my friend had seen, because it is quite unusual for a star, but when I went there in! person, I was surprised to see something entirely different. I can’t be certain, but I believe that I’ve seen this same thing over the past 10 years, in places from Canton, NC to Boulder CO, and this is the closest and most active that it’s ever been.  Per our conversation- I know what you mean with staring at lights and the phenomena of perceived movement...I’ve spent more than one long night with infrared cameras, and used binoculars at all hours,  truth be told, although I can’t honestly attribute that specifically to either curiosity or paranoia, perhaps a bit of both. I do enjoy looking at the sky, and have found the greatest volume of peculiar activity to have occurred in the area of Johnson Co. TN, in particular over Watauga Lake. I’ve seen many things similar to this lighted object, but didn’t think to capture most at the time, unfortunately.  Anyhow, I’m sure that you’re probably gnashing your teeth in consternation at having been rustled from your bed by a crazy girl, and one who promised a file in short order, so I’ll get to sending that posthaste. Thank you for your time and patience, with what could very likely be a perfectly explicable bunch of nothing...but hopefully not! Oh, and I must admit that I cheated and typed directly in the box- that doesn’t disqualify me, does it?;36.3281;-81.9905
