The object just hovered for a few minutes without making sound.  There was no movement in the trees and the silence was deafening.;1969-09-01 02:30:00;5 minutes;The object just hovered for a few minutes without making sound.  There was no movement in the trees and the silence was deafening. It was early September (date is approximate), and I was 15 at the time.  I had my bedroom shades down about 3/4 of the way, and the two windows in my room opened to meet the bottom of the shades.  We lived on the second floor of a two family house that was set back off the street about 100 yards and on a hill.  My bedroom was in the front of the house and the windows overlooked the front yard, driveway, and the street.  There was also a street light on the other side of the street. I was woken up around 2:30 in the morning because of a loud rustling in the trees.  When I opened my eyes, I noticed blinking red lights outside my window.  At first I thought it was a fire engine out on the street, but realized that I didn't hear the loud idleing engine that a fire engine has.  So, I got up out of bed to look out the window.  When I got to the window, I wasn't able to see the street, the street light, or the houses across the street.  I was met with a row of lights that were slowly blinking red then changing to white and red again, on the side of a gray object, that was level with the window.  I saw what seemed to be the bottom edge of the object, and it appeard to be oval.  The object just hovered there for a few minutes without making a sound.  There was no movement in the trees and the silence was deafening. I backed away from the window, scared, and went back to my bed never taking my eyes off the window.  When I was back in bed, I noticed that the lights were also visable in my other bedroom window which was on the same wall and approxiimately five or six feet right of the first window.  After a few minutes, the lights stopped, and I noticed the glow of the street light coming in the window again.  There was no noise of any kind when the lights stopped. I never went back to sleep that night, and as soon as it was light outside, I went out into the yard and street to look around.  Nothing seemed disturbed or out of place.  I asked my parents and neighbors if anyone heard or saw anything during the night, noone did.  I explained to my parents what I saw, and they brushed it off as just being a fire engine but I know that it wasn't. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.1447;-71.2542
