Eleven sightings four following each other, boomerang shape all within an hours time.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-03-24 20:48:00;2 minutes;Eleven sightings four following each other, boomerang shape all within an hours time We saw one light headed SSE thinking it was a satellite but then we saw another one as if following it in a line thinking that was odd to see two satellites. We noticed a larger light moving E which appeared closer. But then only to our astonishment we realized there were two more lights following in the same path. They all seemed spaced about ten inches by using our fingers as a guide. When the skies cleared of the five moving objects and no planes flying over since we are in the flight path to the Tulsa Airport and that smaller Jones Riverside Airport, the neighborhood owls started chattering close by and one swooped down by the power lines over head. I started typing this entry as my husband went back outside saying to come to. We saw several what we would normally think of as satellites one here, one there, but again in such a short time about thirty minutes no more than 45 minutes that we had seen a total of ten lights...satellites?... One made me think of the flares the satellites released as they took pictures but thought that they were being replaced, no longer used. It moved from the SW sky flashing twice moving further unseen to the S flashing again and again further SSE flashing three more times and not seen again as my husband aimed his flashlight to acknowledge he saw the last flash I had seen. But the most surprising thing was when he gasped at seeing a triangle shape before going down behind the tree line behind our house. We heard no sounds. We discussed geese but they don’t generally fly this time of night and have always made sounds when in flight. He said that he saw it turn on its side and appeared like a boomerang with a haze around it. I believe all the neighborhood dogs outside were barking at that moment. We watch the skies every night we can see but never have we seen eleven objects in such a short period of time no more than an hour. I came back in to finish typing at 9:45pm. This was an exciting night. Bringing about several questions. Satellites? Secret government? UFOs?;35.9528;-96.0621
