Two bright objects in the night sky in Cape Canaveral, FL.;1984-08-15 01:30:00;15 minutes;Two bright objects in the night sky in Cape Canaveral, FL. It was a warm summer night in Cape Canaveral, FL.  No moon as I recall, the sky was very black and the stars shone brightly.  My fiancé at the time (now husband of 22 years) and I were stargazing on the beach off of Lincoln St. on the boardwalk.  To the left of us was Kennedy Space Center, to the right of us The Pier.  I would also like to note that there were no launches that night.  Since I grew up in Cape Canaveral this I would have remembered along with seeing these objects.  Suddenly out of no where there appeared a very bright light that seemed to change in colors.  The object hovered above the ocean just to the right of the Space Center.  It would move in and outward, then it would appear to rise in the sky and drop suddenly and stop.  It moved in directions that I have never witnessed before!  It made no sound that we could hear, only the oceans waves were heard.  A second object then appeared and both of these moved around almost as if following each other, then at other times they would be doing different things.  One would be moving towards the beach and one would be rising up or down above the ocean.  We both have never seen any aircraft move so effortlessly in a manner that these objects did.  My husband and I both asked each other if we were both witnessing the same thing, wondering if we had lost our minds!  We watched the objects for probably a good 15 minutes doing it’s dance in the sky.  Suddenly the first one or lead object seemed to move in quickly at us (but still kept a distance away), like it knew we were watching it, then backed off to where it was then in a flash both of them were gone leaving what seemed to be a streak in the dark sky where they had moved so quickly out of our site. Not a trail, but a streak that vanished in a second!  Over the years we have told many of our friends of our experience, but never thought to report the incident until I ran across your site.  I have looked to see if others perhaps saw these objects that night, but did not find any.  Since I can not remember the exact date I will have to estimate it.  I know that this happened in 84, it was in the summer months and it was before we married in 1985.  Sorry I wish I would have wrote now the date and kept it somewhere. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));28.3869000000002;-80.6022000000001
Glowing orb/circle with ability to hover and move at speeds above those visible by eye.;1998-11-12 22:00:00;10-20min.;Glowing orb/circle with ability to hover and move at speeds above those visible by eye. Me and my Father were at Space camp. (I know but please keep reading). My father is and was at the time a very successful Civil engineer. I myself am now a civil engineer as well.  My dad had rented a convertible and we went out after curfew. (everyone else was getting ready for bed and when we arrived back were all asleep). We were driving down the highway. We did not spot any other cars or any that we can remember. I would have been 8-10 years old at this point and my father would have been in his mid to late 30's. I could find out our exact age and general date of this sighting by looking at some pictures we took at the camp. (I do not have them handy as they are at my parents house.)  We noticed and object that looked spherical or circular in shape. It emitted a very bright light which made it impossible to see the exact shape. It was white/blue and the light seemed to shine off in every direction around it.(Similar to staring at a star). It was however very large. Similar to if you could pulled a star in very close to you.  It hovered perfectly still over the highway to the point we thought maybe it was just a light. When we about reached the point to be directly under the object it suddenly shot further out straight it front of us. The speed almost looked like teleportation but we could tell it moved and it had a light trail where it had moved. If not for the light trail we probably would have thought it teleported. It the proceeded to shoot far out to the left side of the sky, then to the right, all awhile keeping up that teleporting like speed. It shot back to the center of the highway and allowed us to almost come right underneath it again before rep! eating that sequence. It did this several times. I do not remember when this whole thing ended. I think it just shot off and was gone but my Father would have to confirm this with me. We still talk about it to this day but I can't recall either of us talking about how this ended. I honestly don't remember the end of this encounter but will try to find out if needed.  Thanks  P.S. the object did not make a sound. no humming or engine type sounds. When the object allowed us to come towards it on the highway it was almost directly over top of us several times. I also called my father before submitting this report and he confirmed that the object just evetually flew away and was gone from sight.;28.3869000000002;-80.6022000000001
Glowing green light came up right side of moving ship, stayed even then made sharp right turn 90 degrees, took off.;2000-01-31 21:00:00;1 minute;Glowing green light came up right side of moving ship, stayed even then made sharp right turn 90 degrees, took off. On Carnival cruise ship returning to Cape Canaveral from Nassau, Bahamas.  Went on top deck after dinner.  Was on right side of ship heading north.  Heard buzzing noise like a boat motor/motorcycle.  Looked to right and saw a glowing green object keeping same pace as boat houvering over the water (maybe 10 feet above it).  After looking at the glowing object it turned to the right and took off at 90 degree angle.  Was not a boat, was not a plane.  Husband and I looked at each other, a little startled.  We looked at the people all over the deck, some looking forward, some looking left (approximately 4 couples total).  No one seemed to have noticed it.  We proceeded to the captains area and asked the crew that we saw if they saw anything on the right side of the ship.  They did not speak english well enough to hold a conversation with us and we walked away.  Kept to ourselves until someone else mentioned seeing a UFO and it sounded just like our experience so we are submitting this. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));28.3869000000002;-80.6022000000001
Bright object, incredibly fast, witnessed over Kennedy Space Center in Florida.;2006-11-15 22:00:00;8 seconds;Bright object, incredibly fast, witnessed over Kennedy Space Center in Florida. I was fishing on the bank of the Indian River, within 5 miles of Kennedy Space Center and 15 miles of Patrick Air Force.  I could see the opposite horizon perfectly clearly, no buildings obstruction the view. I witnessed a bright light come into view over the west horizon and travel directly over my head, and out over the ocean, past the horizon in approx. 8-9 seconds. The object as completely silent and approx. twice the size of a star.  I have seen thousands of Jets and planes fly in the same sky, and have roughly calculated their time, they take 4-5 minutes to travel the same distance I saw this object travel.  I have also seen 100's of shooting stars they usually show up for a second or two and dissipear wihtout traveling much distance at all.  This light was constant and didnt blink or shimmer at all.  I have been fishing the exact same area for 25+ years and have never seen anything like this in my life.  I'm not saying it was an alien space ship, just something that I cannot explain.   To travel a distance, in 8 seconds, that normally takes a Jet airplane 4-5 minutes, is unexplainable to me.  I have witnessed every single space shuttle and rocket go up in the past 25+ years, and the object I witnessed dwarfed these in speed very easily. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));28.3869000000002;-80.6022000000001
