check your home movies of apollo 11;1969-07-15 09:35:00;20 sec;check your home movies of apollo 11 filming apollo 11 launch from the beach at garfield st,as with other launches.with hand held 8mm camera w/o telephoto lens.filmed till lv was out or sight,centering on the apollo craft.when film was developed it clearly reveals an object coming out or the ne and approaching apollo 11,hovering for a look,and then speeding away at aspeed which makes apollo 11 appear to be stationary.i was unable to get any info,other than some who wanted me to give up custody of the film.i was employed at nasa hq bldgas an in-house contractor at the time and knew that all their filming is with telephoto at longer range.iwas filming skyward approx 15 miles away.this object appears in the same frames as a known object at aknown height and speed .others filming in that vicinity should have recorded the same object,but i didnt know it was there until the film was developed. ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested copies of the film.  We are uncertain of the date of launch, but we presume it occurred approximately 5 days before the first landing on the Moon.  We will attempt to comfirm the date.  PD));28.3869000000002;-80.6022000000001
Two glowing red spheres seen at low altitude;2012-01-01 02:45:00;2 minutes;Two glowing red spheres seen at low altitude Near finishing a work shift at a resort near Port Canaveral I had.taken some trash out to the dumpster area.  As I approached the rear of the main  building on my way back from the dumpster I happened to glance up over the top of the building and I saw at an altitude of approx.  two hundred feet two glowing red spheres, a bit darker shade of red where the main mass was in the center of these spheres, the sphere to my left appeared to be a little further back but at approx. the same alt. as the one on my right I stood and watched them for several mins. trying to determine what these objects were.  I thought they might be marine style flares but there was no visible residue falling nor any smoke.  There was no visible movement in alt. or in x-y axis.  There was no audible noise from these spheres and the nearby roadway was also quiet.  After observing for several minutes and getting a little nervous and fearful, plus it was time to clock off work, I returned to the inside of the main building hoping to find somebody nearby to tell but at that hour there was no one around.  When I left the building to go home several minutes later the spheres were gone and nowhere in sight and did not see these objects on my drive home.;28.3869000000002;-80.6022000000001
On July 4, 2014, approximately 9:30 p.m. ET, near Cape Canaveral, Florida, we witness 6 UFO sightings of orange orbs ....;2014-07-04 21:30:00;10-15 minutes;On July 4, 2014, approximately 9:30 p.m. ET, near Cape Canaveral, Florida, we witness 6 UFO sightings of orange orbs .... On July 4, 2014, approximately 9:30 p.m. ET, near Cape Canaveral, Florida, we witness 6 UFO sightings. Sequentially, this is what we saw. As we returned home after watching fireworks near Sidney Fisher Park, I pulled into the ((deleted)) condominium complex and noticed an orange light hovering above the beach just east of the condo complex.  As I exited the car, I walked around the condo complex to try and get a better view, but by the time I got there, the orange light had disappeared. I proceeded upstairs to the fifth floor condo, and proceeded to the balcony and witnessed another orange light hovering what seemed like no more than a mile off the beach, maybe 2,500 feet in the air, and directly east of the condo.   While that light hovered in place without a sound, I called to the rest of my family including my wife and my father-in-law, an ex-rocket engineer with Lockheed Martin space systems.   As they joined me on the balcony, we witnessed another orange glow travel from the north down the beach, pause for a moment near the condo at about 1,500 feet above sea level, and then proceed to travel east out over open water.   All of us were left speechless, trying to explain the sighting and the fact that there wasn’t a single sound.  During this time, the original orange glow that was hovering, literally just disappeared in place.  It wasn’t like it was hidden behind a cloud it was literally like the light turned off and the object was just gone. My mother-in-law ran back into the condo to retrieve binoculars as I started to try and take pictures with my iPhone.  The pictures are added here. Over the next 5 minutes, we witness two orange glows side-by-side almost in formation follow the same path down the beach from the north as if they launched near the Kennedy Space Center and paused at about the same altitude as the prior aircraft, roughly 1,500 feet above sea level.   One of the two proceeded to rise vertically in place to about 2,500 feet, close to the same altitude the first aircraft was at, but slightly more north in the sky.   As I tried to find it in the binoculars, the second of the two aircraft had again just disappeared in place, like the light was just turned out.  Returning to the original aircraft, it too had disappeared. As the prior aircraft were hovering in place and rising to the roughly 2,500 feet above sea level a final aircraft followed the same flight path as the prior three.  As that aircraft neared the same area of the prior two, it paused, rotated and turned out towards sea.  This one, I could find in the binoculars what appeared to be two circular exhaust engines side by side.   The aircraft proceeded slowly out east for what seemed like 3-5 miles before it too disappeared out of site. Stunned, we all turned to each other in amazement at what we saw.  Were they test helicopters?  Where they drones – never heard a completely silent drone?  Given the clear distinct side-by-side orientation of the engines for the final aircraft, it was confirmation that it was a powered aircraft vehicle.  But even at that, we couldn’t explain the orange glow as it approached us.  Why would we see the glow of engines?  How did they hover with no underneath engines for flight stabilization?  A thousand questions all leaving us with the conclusion that we just witnessed a unique UFO sighting. ((deleted)) Condominiums, Ridgewood Ave., Cape Canaveral, Florida.;28.3869000000002;-80.6022000000001
