Saucer flying low and fast over Betheda/Rockville area in broad daylight.;2013-10-15 15:00:00;7 seconds;Saucer flying low and fast over Betheda/Rockville area in broad daylight. I saw a disk or saucer shaped object fly from directly over my head to the horizon in a perfectly straight path.   The altitude was hard to judge but may have been 1000 to 5000 feet.   The object appeared about the size of a small plane.  It made no noise.   It took about seven seconds to reach the horizon, a distance of several miles.  The direction and speed and altitude never varied in the slightest degree. I thought it was some sort of drone but cannot find referance to any such thing officially existing anywhere.;38.9882907975461;-77.1267607361965
Four lighted objects in the sky, initially stacked on on top of the other, three of which moved into a V formation one trailing;2019-12-23 18:10:00;15 minutes;Four lighted objects in the sky, initially stacked on on top of the other, three of which moved into a V formation one trailing I turned onto the street on which my house is located and within ¼ block of my house, looking northwest, I observed pastel-colored lights (blue and orange) on the grounds of a high school located about one block from my house.  I pulled into my driveway and exited my car.  I walked down to the front of my house and observed four, disk shaped airborne objects, stacked one on top of the other.  I observed fog or smoke surrounding the objects.  I immediately called by wife and told her to come out of the house to see something amazing.  I then observed the objects move away from each other, into a formation where three of the objects moved into a “V” formation, with one object moving information behind the formation.  The fog or smoke had cleared.  I saw no observable means of thrust or propeller to keep the objects afloat or for their movement.  The objects were about 30-50 feet above the ground.  They seemed to be able to sit in the air without any observable! means of support.  Once in formation, the three objects in the “V” moved very slowly in a southeast direction, to my left.  After a few seconds, the fourth object began to move forward as well.  (It looked as if the one object was guarding the other three objects in the “V” formation.  I began to walk a short distance down the street, placing me below the object that stayed behind.  I observed the underside of the one object following the other three.  I saw what appeared to be lights in a circle beneath the object that were lighting up in a circular sequence.  I never head any sound whatsoever from any of the objects.  I continued to observe the objects as the flew almost over my house in a southeast direction.  My wife also observed the objects.  I posted my sighting on Nextdoor at the time and one other neighbor, located about 1 ½ blocks from my house (to the northwest), indicted he saw the objects as well.  (I’ve contacted him and asked him to make a report as well.)  ! I filmed the object that trailed the other with my iPhone. I a! m a CPA/ Attorney, former federal civil servant and college professor.  My wife is a former federal civil servant, now retired.  I would have reported earlier, but did not know about this site until after I read about the military's UFO report and decided to search for a place to file a report. 	;38.9882907975461;-77.1267607361965
