One very luminated bright light just hovering in the sky, than it would slowly fade,see a haze than re-appear.  ((Celestial objects??));2004-09-18 03:15:00;4 hours;One very luminated bright light just hovering in the sky, than it would slowly fade,see a haze than re-appear. We were out at our farm house on the weekend of Sept. 17-19, 2004 like we do just about every other weekend.  Friday night the stars were just beautiful and bright, as usual on a clear night.  Saturday night we went outside and sat on the deck looking up at the stars then we went inside to get ready for bed.  My husband got up at around 3AM and went down to the kitchen and a few minutes later he was hollering at me to rush downstairs because there was something in the sky that wasn't there before, EVER. (My husband grew up on this farm so he is very familiar with all the surroundings).  I rushed downstairs into the kitchen and looked out our bay window, there in the sky, it seemed so close, a very bright luminating light.  I looked down at my watch and it read exactly 3:15AM.  It just stayed suspended in the sky getting brighter than it would slowly fade to where you could not see it all, but you could see a cloud or some sort of haze as to where it was, than all of sudden it would re-appear, stay very, very bright for about 15-20 min. than fade away and than you could see the haze for about 3 minutes than it would re-appear.  The same process over and over again.  Than off to the east my husband tells me to look left there is another one.  However, this showed multi-colors and was further away but it would fade and come back like the other.  Oh, also when we stood there very quietly there was this humming sound in the air like being at a power plant.  Another thing was, that our dogs would not go outside, but the dogs at the nearby farms were barking just a bit different than normal.  We went outside, got on the roof, walked down the driveway just watching both of them,  mainly the more luminated one because it seemed so darn close.  We watched the whole time until they even left.  The sun started to come up all the stars slowly started to disappear as they normally do, but these two lights stayed until 7 AM.  They slowing lifted into the sky, it took them approx. 1 hour to where they were completly out of our view.  The whole time we just kept saying I do not believe this,  I can not believe this.  But once daylight hit and all the other stars left we knew we have seen something.  We told eachother that we wouldn't tell anybody because they would think we were nuts, but we told 2 people and they said Oh, you were probably still sleepy and didn't know what you saw.  But we knew what we saw so I had to find a website to tell to somebody. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witnesses were observing celestial bodies.  PD));43.5564;-91.6291
