7 large yellow lights with red center  estimated by distance to be at least 400 feet across, seen form top of hill just above tree line;1984-03-15 20:00:00;3 months;7 large yellow lights with red center  estimated by distance to be at least 400 feet across, seen form top of hill just above tree line apear between 8 and 9pm and disapear 30 to 45 minutes later sometimes in the early morning hours when you walked from side to side one more would apear and the other side would disapear as to hint it was a circle, ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Date of sighting in March 1984 is approximate.  PD));33.2468500000001;-84.2723185185186
When I was a child ,I  looked up into the sky and saw a huge brown ball with spikes passing over.;1984-03-30 13:00:00;15-20 seconds;When I was a child ,I  looked up into the sky and saw a huge brown ball with spikes passing over. Note to Mr. Peter Davenport:  I submitted this old childhood sighting to a UFO site for the first time a few weeks ago, HBCC UFO Research to Mr. Brian Vike.  He asked me to draw a sketch/diagram of it and I did. He then invited me to talk about it on the Jeff Rense program.  They never heard a description like this before. Jeff Rense suggested that I send the report to you, that you have a huge database and could take one look at the diagram and know right away if anyone else ever reported a strange object like this.  I would love to know if anyone else ever has seen something like it.I didn't know how else to write to you except here on the report form. The following is my story.....   Well I saw something strange when I was a little girl so here goes. I was 5/6 years old, I was sitting on the steps of my front porch cracking pecans (wearing a red dress, white sweater and bonnet that tied under my chin- this detail given due to vivid memory). It was windy.I believe it was around March. I looked up and saw this huge brown ball with spikes slowly passing overhead.  It made no sound. No lights but this was in the daytime. As it passed overtop (well,went behind the very top of) a huge pecan tree in a neighbor's yard, I watched for it to come out on the other side of that tree as it should have, but it never did. I then went right inside and told our housekeeper/maid Lillie, yes she was like family, about what I had seen. She told me that it was probably one of those new airplanes from New York because they were always making new things up there in New York. Over the years, I always knew that I had seen this thing, reminding me of like a huge beechnut (or sweet gum) in the sky. Not anything like UFOs as I would come to hear of them, it wasn't shiny or metallic, not saucer like, no lights, no sound.  I decided to check out photos on some of the UFO websites a couple of years ago to see if I could find anything that would remotely resemble what I had seen and was shocked when I did find it, well something so much like it but I really couldn't believe it. What I had always thought of as spikes were being referred to by some other witnesses as 'tentacles'. Along with the photos of it, there was a drawing/diagram indicating how the tentacles lowered downward to land in standing position. So this strange part of it seemed to make more sense. The one I saw appeared to have more of the 'tentacles' than the one in those photographs, also the one I saw appeared to have outline of a door. Those photos were taken in 73,Cocoyoc Mexico. (and my sighting was early 70s also)   After all these years I have done a sketch of my sighting (thanks to suggestion of Brian).When I showed this sketch photo to my mom for her opinion about the old neighborhood part, she said to me....' you know that's probably significant that you are mentioning that there is the field behind the house.' She then said 'you know there were 3 adults at the top of the hill one night that said they saw something hovering over the trees behind our house back there in that field'...... and I'm like 'Mom, you never told me that!, how old was I '? I said, and she said I was probably just a baby.  I thought it was interesting piece of information to receive all these years later. Another thing, it was not until I began drawing that sketch, that it ever occurred to me, that there was a huge fruit field all around the neighborhood, imagine that. I'm attaching a link to the sketch here and hope its acceptable, I'm not sure how else to send it. Its here:  http://usera.imagecave.com/AmandaRose/mandaschildhoodufo.JPG  thank you so much,  sincerely,  ((name deleted));33.2468500000001;-84.2723185185186
