Brief pulse of visible, white light from an unknown source, which made daylight appear to be extremely bright;2001-04-17 10:20:00;< 1 second;Brief pulse of visible, white light from an unknown source, which made daylight appear to be extremely bright At 10:20am a bright flash of light ocurred, with no accompanying sound.  It appeared to have been a pulse or two, closely-spaced pulses of visible light, which whited-out the outdoors for a very brief period.  As odd and improbable as it sounds, The pulse(s) appeared to be from the sun.;33.6527;-117.5953
Object leaves illuminated cloudlike spiralling path in the night sky, before disappearing;2002-09-19 19:35:00;about 15 seconds;Object leaves illuminated cloudlike spiralling path in the night sky, before disappearing The sky was dark outside, with no clouds around at all.  So I was very surprised when I looked outside and saw a bright cloudlike path, much like the trail left behind by a jet with a smoke trail.  This trail was very bright against the night sky, and spirled around and around, and finally amassed into a large body of cloud-like radiance.  This entire trail was so luminated, it almost looked like it was lit from within.  As I followed the path with my eyes up to this large mass, I noticed movement towards the perimeter of this mass, moving upward.  It appeared to be a small craft or object, moving upward.  The direction of the path was from south to north.  I followed this object visually for a few seconds, and then it almost appeared to explode.  I do not know what happened to it after that.  And they sky was left brightened by this cloudlike path for about 20 minutes.  After the craft disappeared, I saw a few aircraft in the area. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch from Vandenberg AFB.  Please see article.  PD)) ((BEGIN ASSOCIATED PRESS ARTICLE ABOUT LAUNCH)) Air Force Test Missile Out West Fri Sep 20, 1:25 AM ET VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AP) - An Air Force missile test Thursday provided a spectacular light show seen over California and much of the West, as far away as Utah and New Mexico. The colorful contrail was seen soon after the unarmed Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile blasted off at 7:36 p.m. from an underground silo at the Vandenberg military base north of Santa Barbara. The smoke went up in spirals as the sun was setting and turned into an orange, amber color. It was like a flower going into bloom pretty quickly, said Simon Cox, who saw it from a restaurant terrace in Santa Barbara. The missile traveled about 4,200 miles in about 30 minutes, striking a predetermined target at the Kwajalein Missile Range in the western chain of the Marshall Islands, the Air Force said. Vandenberg spokeswoman Kelly Gabel said clear conditions were responsible for the spectacular light show. We do this two or three times a year, but because the weather was so perfect we decided to launch it early, Gabel said. As a result, people were still awake to see it, and although the sun had set, sunlight below the horizon glinted off unspent fuel particles and water droplets. Suddenly we're getting calls from people as far away as New Mexico who saw it and want to know what it is, Gabel said. The mission was directed by the 576th Flight Test Squadron at Vandenberg and the 341th Space Wing and the 341st Space Wing, from Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana. The purpose was to test launch systems and the missile's accuracy and reliability. ((END ARTICLE BY ASSOCIATED PRESS));33.6527;-117.5953
the  flight pattern of the craft and consistancy of the lights and speed does not exist  on earth, abrasive;2010-07-04 21:30:00;35 minutes;the  flight pattern of the craft and consistancy of the lights and speed does not exist  on earth, abrasive 4th of july, 9:30 p.m. pst. i walked across the street to view the fireworks show from my house looking east towards the lake approximately 1 mile. the show hadn't started yet, but what was very much in my face was an xtremely bright light moving xtremely fast in a triangular tracking in a radius of about 3 miles left to right. Up and down than would disappear. than would re-appear 3 miles or so in the opposite direction with only 1 of 4 lights on which were eratic in sequence , red, green,orange, and the 1 bright light. than it would hover and shoot straight down at a speed no aircraft could do at an angle than stop and hold position, than the smaller colored lights would be off than the xtreme bright light would re-appear. example: think as if you were in a corner of a dark room with a flash light moving it around and turning it on and off and moving the flash light within a certain perimeter left to right up and down. Than the fireworks started, thats how! i could guage the distance of the craft, in the clouds and distance from me and what it was doing. based on the height of the fire works and the mountain range behind it. The 1 very bright light had to be at least the size of a 2 car garage, doing meneuvers and changing lights at least 1 mile above ground and not breaking the boundry of a 3 mile radius in either direction, the craft was not visible other than the strobes and the bright light. After the fireworks started, the display of activity became more pronounced and the only word i can think of is aggitated. it almost seemed like, the bright light would shut off, and almost immediately be in a totally different level and area at a triangular descent than the other lights would be on, the craft was consistant in this fashion with the lights, almost as if the lights were for identification or communication. Note: i live in a canyon and at this distance you can hear helicopters, jets over head, and re-con planes, that fl! y even higher over everyday noise, this craft was silent, not ! a blip o f nothing. I am use to seeing all sorts of aviation fly over my neighborhood, this craft wasnt made on this planet, it had xtreme responce at angles impossible for any pilot to endure and at speeds i have never seen. it was consistant, i actually got so tired of watching i just went back in the house. I told my chef buddy at work the next work day about it, than he heard about the reports on coast to coast and informed me, that is why i have come to youre site. lets hope it is not demonic .;33.6527;-117.5953
