Silent hovering glowing object;1999-07-07 21:00:00;3 minutes;Silent hovering glowing object I am 50 yrs old and am handicapped. I was taking out the trash, when I realized the dog was acting odd, he usually runs out to me, but he was  hiding in his dog house. I called him but he would not come out. Then I felt like I was being watched, so I turned my wheelchair around and there it was. A glowing blue green object just above the tree line at he end of my yard. My first instinct was to get out of there, but the power had failed on the wheel chair. All I could do was sit there in terror for the next 3 minutes as this thing hovered silently back and forth across the back of my yard. I am not sure what to make of this. I have NEVER seen anything like this in my life. It kept changing colors, and never made sound. I was scared to death! It eventually shot straight up and dissappeard into the sky. Then my chair came on and I got the heck back in the house. I was afraid to tell anyone about this until now. I hope you believe me. I was very skeptical, but no longer! Thanks for your time. Initials deleted));35.200603478896;-80.8322199283058
Glowing object blue and white;1999-07-15 21:50:00;4 minutes;Glowing object blue and white Hi, I am a Vietnam Vet. (Seals)  and what I am about to tell you DID happen. I was sitting on my back porch last July just enjoying a 'beverage' when suddenly there was a bright light in the woods. I thought it was some kids building a camp fire, but camp fires do not move. It slowly drifted above the ground, and into the trees. I watched in terror and wonderment as the object silently moved around. But I have a hearing impariment, so I am not sure if it was making a sound!  I did not know what to do. I had heard of this kinda stuff happening to people but I figured it was all Bull****. Well now, I am not sure what it was but it was not like anything I have ever seen. I watched this thing for about 3 to 4 minutes.  I was concerned that it would come near my house, and I was gonna bust a cap in it if that happened. But it just floated on up into the sky and disappeared. I am not sure if any of my neighbors saw this, and I am not asking! But geez, what a night.. I could not sleep without a gun for weeks. I mean, if those little bastards try to take me ! they will be in for a fight! This really messed up ,my head, I need some help. I had to tell somebody, and you all seemed like the best place to start. PLease help me. Thank you,((name deleted));35.200603478896;-80.8322199283058
Un-earthly object descends from sky;2004-05-06 17:15:00;25 seconds;Un-earthly object descends from sky At 6:15 pm on May 6, 2004, as my cousin and I sat on my back porch, we witnessed an object slowly coming down towards earth.  It kept changing it's shape as it more or less floated or tumbled down.  I estimate its size to be as big as Jeep.  I first noticed the object because it flashed in the sun-light and appeared to be a diamond shaped flash of light.  I pointed toward the object and my cousin said I see it too.  I stepped into the house and got my binoculars which are designed for astronomical use and was able to locate the object again and followed it with my binoculars.  It was a disc-like rounded shaped object with pewter/metallic on one side and as it rolled over and over, I could see that it was black with ridges on the other side and resembled the underside of a garden variety mushroom.  We were astounded by this object.  It made no sound.  It continued to descend down toward the tree line until it disappeared behind it.  I assume it must have landed or something a mile or two from me although I haven't heard a word about it on the news.  I live near the airport and there were typical commercial aircraft flying high above this object.  It was not anything of this earth and certainly not man-made.  McGuire nuclear plant is located about 15 miles north of the sighting.;35.200603478896;-80.8322199283058
it felw constant changing shapes;2007-12-12 16:00:00;10 minutes;it few constant changing shapes me and my neighbor was out blowing the leaves off the yard when i spotted what looked like a balloon caught in a jet stream displaying rotation but as we watched it was moving in a stright line and a good rate of speed. it was flying low and quiet. it continued on a path the indicated the it was perpelled by something yet fliping like a balloon;35.200603478896;-80.8322199283058
The object was orange in color, rectanglar in shape at first but, yet transparent, I could see trees through it.;2011-12-02 02:00:00;10 minutes;IT WAS ONLY ONE OBJESCT.  The Object was orange in color, retanglar in shape at first but, yet transparent, I could see trees through it, floating across the center,diagonally across my back yard.  It was approx. 20 inches long and 15 wide, floating about 15 meters above the ground when I noticed it.  Once I noticed it, it stop,dropped @ a forty five degree level, even with the top of the den windows top level.  Once @ top window level it changed shape to oval, the color changed from orange to a golden yellow and became very bright.  The object centerd the three set den windows and begin a downward decent.  It noticed me looking at it and came to search for me. part 2-  As stated earlier, I was lying on the floor in 6ft in front of the tv and 8ft from the set of den windows, when I noticed the object in my back yard.  Once I saw the object, it stop, dropped in a forty five degree angle to the middle of the den window set sa though it was looking for me. Here is where it gets strange.  Once in position it changes shape from rectangle to oval, changes color from orange to a golden yellow and gets extremely bright as it starts a downward decent. With a pillow, only my head is uncovered as I did not move, I froze in position,covered with a throw & blanket. The object probed the my den and me.  Not knowing what to expect, I waited approx.30 minutes before I got up. Being a career firefighter and military man, I never knew the fear I experienced tonight.  My privacy and home was invaded without my permission.  Who or what would do that, and why.  I am retired and believe in God.Nothing is the same!;35.200603478896;-80.8322199283058
3 lights in sky, all moving very very fast.;2013-12-12 06:15:00;1 minute;3 lights in sky, all moving very very fast. I was standing out at my bus stop when I saw two lights right next to each other, one looked as if it was floating and it was hovering back and forth, then I noticed the one next to it get really bright and it flashed across the sky, at first I thought it was a satellite or something until it came to an almost complete stop. (It traveled from one side of the sky to the other in about 1 second)  afterwards I saw it just sit there and out of nowhere another one zips straight infront of the other one.  They both just hover for about 30 seconds and I see them turn and I could see the craft, it massive, then they both got really bright and flashed, then they were past the tree line so I couldn't see their lights anymore.   I looked back at the first ship still in the original spot and I noticed its lights got bright and zipped away in the same direction as the other two.;35.200603478896;-80.8322199283058
Saw 3 objects in sky and a creature.;2014-05-05 20:35:00;4 hours;Saw 3 objects in sky and a creature. UFO sighting, chase and possible abduction.  Charlotte N.C., May 5th, 2014. I am submitting this report because I feel that people should know what my adult daughter (28 years old) and I went through.  After over three weeks later we are still upset and still not our usual selves.  I guess we are both still in shock and we are not sure what to do about it. It’s hard because we only really have each other to talk to about it and my daughter is still having stomach problems and just wants to forget what we saw.  I can’t get it out of my mind.  I am still scared. I still can’t believe that it happened at all.  But, I know it did! We know it did. On May 5th, 2014, around 8:30-8:45 PM, we were driving through Charlotte, NC, on the Southbound side of I- 77.  I noticed a really bright light off to the right of us up in the sky.  This huge thing was just floating there in the sky.  It was no plane.  It was silent.  My daughter was driving and I was in the passenger seat.  I just kept asking, “What is that?”  Her reply was that it was a plane because it had blinking lights.  It did have blinking lights but they were pretty insignificant compared to the huge bright white string of lights that seemed to be at the front of this thing.  The smaller lights looked like they were on top of it. One to each side of the center.  The white lights were very large.  I couldn’t see past the lights to see what shape the object was.  We were kind of arguing about what it could or could not be. I grabbed my cell and took some photos.  I actually caught two pictures of the lights and I also turned on my cell’s video to try and catch it that way.  I caught it on video too but it is very small and all you can see is a white light off in the distance.  It’s pretty shaky.  I’m not sure if I can pull it in to see it better or not. As we drove through Charlotte on 77 we came to an area where there are street lights right next to the highway.  Tall orange/yellow street lights.  I could no longer see the object because the street lights were so bright.  All of a sudden a huge round ball of solid bright white light came right at the windshield.  Out of nowhere! It took up most of the windshield and she drives a four door Toyota Corolla.  When it came for the windshield I braced myself for impact. But it didn’t hit the car.  It just kind of seemed as though it evaporated into it.   At that moment my daughter was driving over 70 mph.    As I sat there dazed, I was thinking that one of the street lights must’ve fallen on the car but there was no sound at all and I was having a hard time trying to grasp what had just happened.  I hadn’t said a word to my daughter about the light when she asked me, “What was that light?”  I was like, “You saw that too?”  Then I told her “I don’t know what that was!”   That scared us pretty badly.  Her stomach started to hurt really bad and she was nauseous and my stomach was hurting too.  It seemed to just take all of my daughter’s energy away. She started feeling really bad.  Not only did this light scare the crap out of us but it “STUNNED” us.  We were actually dazed by it.  We don’t know where the ball of light came from, but we didn’t see it again.  We both remember actually feeling it on the skin of our faces and upper arms. I remember that I looked in the side mirror a few moments later and nothing was there.   A little while later a huge helicopter flew right over and in front of our car. It was so close that we could see the two greenish/blue light domes stuck underneath it and a tiny little blue light on top of it, under the blades.  It was a huge helicopter and it was very loud. Because of the blue light I thought it must be police or military. All in all we saw the chopper three times or three different choppers. They were circling the area where we were. So, we couldn’t have been the only ones who witnessed the object. Not sure if anyone saw the round light that came after us. I did notice that the helicopters didn’t actually seem to approach the white lights that were still in the sky. They just circled around the interstate. The last time I saw one of these helicopters was when we were leaving the Charlotte area. Once we cleared the street lights we could still see the lights in the sky were still there. Then the road turned so that the object ended up behind us. I was determined to get some pictures of it so we took the next exit so that we could see it from on top of the over pass. Well, the next exit didn’t go up to an overpass. It angled down. We ended up surrounded by trees and buildings. So, we couldn’t see it anymore. We were going to go to the next exit to see if it had an actual overpass where we would be able to see it again and that’s when my husband called. It was 9:08 PM. I frantically told him all about the lights in the sky and the ball of light that came at us and about the helicopter. I wasn’t paying any attention to my daughter who was still driving until she said, “Mom, I don’t feel good!”  That’s when I noticed she was driving about 85 mph and she told me that she couldn’t stay awake. I told her to slow down. I got off of the phone.  She told me that she had been nodding off and that she couldn’t drive anymore.  We had eaten in Huntersville and we left at dusk.  I’d say a little after 8:00 PM, she was full of energy.  Our trip to where she lives was only 3 ½ hours away from Huntersville and she was fine.  She was fine until the white ball of light came at us. I told her to pull off of the interstate so that she could rest and that I would drive the rest of the way.  The exit we took had a Denny’s so we went in there. This Denny’s is located in Rock Hill, S.C.  As soon as we walked in, we realized it was freezing.  So, we reluctantly walked back outside to the car and opened the trunk to get our jackets.  Everything in the trunk was hot. Even the metal of my camera’s tripod was hot to the touch.  Our jackets were toasty as though we had just pulled them out of the drier.  That was when we started to worry about radiation.  Worried about where that ball of light might’ve come from. Everything being so hot really shook us up all over again. (We don’t know where to go to have something like that checked out. Who do you call to see if your car or you have been exposed to radiation? If anyone out there knows please get the information to me.) When we went back inside we sat down and ordered coffee. We sat there trying to rationalize what had happened. She was still nauseous so she decided to get something to eat hoping she would feel better. I didn’t eat. My stomach felt bad and I had no appetite at all. Strange thing is that the clock on her cell and the register receipt didn’t match. The receipt said we left there at 10:05 and my daughter had gotten a call from her husband while we were at the table and the time read 10:46. That would mean that by her cell we left there after 11:00 PM. I know we weren’t sitting there for that long. I called the Denny’s last week and spoke to a manager to see of the register’s time was off. But, it was accurate. I can’t explain the difference. I wish I could say that our experience ended there. But, it didn’t. We got into the car and I drove back to I-77.  After I had been driving a little while, I spotted the lights again. We couldn’t believe it!  They were over to the right of the interstate, just like before.  (When we had left the restaurant I made sure that we got my video camera and Cannon camera out of the trunk.)  So, I told my daughter to grab it to film the object, so she did. I couldn’t help her with it because I was driving.  As she opened the view finder she tried to focus on the object when it seemed to come straight towards our car! She just said “ It can see us, it’s looking at us!” She said the white lights went out and now there was a line of red lights under it. Then it flew over the car. It went from the front passenger side to the rear driver side and then across the street. By this time it was moving very slowly and low. The whole thing turned slowly like it was facing our car while staying in the! same spot. She is so scared and at this time I can’t see it. She can, because she is looking over the seat through the window behind me. I pull the car off to the right side of the slow lane. Strangely there is no traffic except for us. Now, I can see it! As we watch this thing together it started changing shape. I ask you, how does something just change shape? The fact that it was in the air is what scared me! We could see what looked like metal beams drop down from I guess inside of this thing and it looked like they were interlocking. The beams looked like 2 x4s but seemed to be made of metal. It was changing shape right in front of us. We could clearly see it because it was right there and the red lights illuminated it. It’s outer shape was starting to look like some sort of a triangle. That’s when I put the car back into drive, hit the gas and took off. I need to say this now my daughter doesn’t own and has never used a video camera. (Except for one time when I was recording something and handed it over to her to use.)She thought that just because the view finder lights up and the screen is showing what you are pointing at that what you see is being recorded. She never hit the little red button. Later when we realized this we were crushed. I do not blame my daughter. Now, here is where I made the worst decision of my life. At this time we are in South Carolina and are between Rock Hills and Columbia. As before, I wanted to see more of the object so since it was behind us I started to look for an overpass again so that we could sit up high and maybe my daughter could get some more footage of this thing. When I took the overpass to the right, stopped at the stop sign then headed left onto the bridge/over pass as we looked at the trees in front of us there was a large glowing hovering bright creamy white object that was about 50 feet wide if not more. I don’t know if it was the same object we had just seen but if it was it had changed color and shape again and was chasing us and waiting for us. As soon as I saw it I slammed on the brakes. I remember hearing the sand and gravel crunch under the tires as I skidded to a stop. I had driven all the way across the bridge and was sitting in the middle of the road on painted lines that showed that ! the lanes were separate. We were in shock. It was at tree level and we could see the outline of the tops of the trees on both sides of the road. I could see that the road we were on went in between those trees and looked like it headed off to the right. There were no lights anywhere on or around this overpass. We were just sitting there, stunned.  Staring at that bright light. When my daughter said, “You aren’t going near that thing? Are you?” I told her no. But, as I realized later I still wasn’t leaving either. I can’t explain that. I was terrified but I wasn’t leaving. I don’t know how long we sat there. I think it was just a few minutes. Then we were hit with headlights from the right side of us. Someone had taken the exit from North bound side and had pulled up to the stop sign facing right at our car. That snapped me out of it. I took my foot off of the brake and swerved to the right and around to the left to make a u turn in the street and headed for the ramp back to I-77 South. I am ashamed to say that we did nothing to alert the other car. We have no idea if these people saw it or not. All I know is that the object was still there when I took my u turn. I never looked back. Once back on the interstate I drove for quite some time when finally I just had to pull off. By this time it was after midnight. I took a well lit exit and saw a Wendy’s but it was only open for drive through. All of the gas stations were closed. All the while I’m checking the skies. So, I got back on I-77 and looked for another exit. That’s when I saw a Shell station sign and took that exit. It was on the left side so we had to go over the overpass. We could tell it was closed as soon as we came over the overpass. All of the parking lot lights were on but it was closed. I was in pain because my bladder was hurting now. I pulled partially into the entrance of the Shell station and then made a u turn. As I completed the u turn we saw a guard rail right in front of us. At the very end of the guard rail as we were swinging around we saw something  standing there. I couldn’t take my eyes off of it. It was right next to the road. Right next to the door of the car. It seemed to be! bristling. Like it was luminescent in some way, but it was really darkly colored like it was camouflaged. I actually thought it was someone dressed up in that camouflage netting stuff when it moved towards the glass right next to my daughter. She put her hands and arms up over her face and head and tucked her head downwards. That is how close that thing was to her door. I honestly thought it may have been a poacher until I could make out the shape of it. I could see a larger than normal rounded top of a head then it came down to a short little neck area then straight out to both sides to shoulders. (Human shoulders aren’t shaped that way.) Then it’s arms dropped straight down.  The thing that made me realize that it wasn’t human was mostly that it’s waist was only like 8 inches wide and that it was about maybe 4 feet tall.  I could see from the top of it’s head to its hip area through her window.  I remember thinking “It’s so skinny!” Next thing I know we are past it and my  daughter is asking me, “Was that a person?”  I remember looking  back over my right shoulder through the window behind her and still seeing the thing.  It was moving and I had never been so terrified in my entire life.  My daughter said that she didn’t look at it but then moments later she said that it was really thin.  I remember asking her how do you know that if you didn’t look at it?  She still can’t answer that question, but is adamant about not looking at it. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness via telephone, and she assures us that the report is sincere.  She will have her daughter submit a supplementary report.  The mother has offered to send two photos she asserts she took of the object(s).  PD)) I somehow find the ramp back to the interstate and just drive. Finally, I spot what looks like a truck stop. I know they are open 24/7. As we take the exit there are semi’s parked to the right side of the exit. As I passed them I could see that it was open and now I had a place to use the rest room.  Even after seeing that thing I had to use the bathroom so I just had to stop.  Once I was finished inside I came back outside to the car.  We sat there for a couple of moments trying to absorb what we had just seen. I didn’t know what time it was then and just got back on the road.  My daughter had to get back home that night because there was no one home to take her three dogs outside to the bathroom.  That is the reason we hadn’t stopped and gotten a hotel. While driving I ran into construction three separate times where signs with arrows pointed us over to the slow lane and the speed limit was only 45.  After the third road maintenance/construction site I had had it.  I told my daughter that I just couldn’t take it anymore.  I had to pull off and get a hotel.  Two exits later we found hotels and stopped for the night.  It was 2:00 AM.  The hotel was in Orangeburg, SC.  We were so shook up that we didn’t get to sleep until 5:00 AM.  We turned all of the lights on in the room and bathroom. We jumped at every little sound.  Even sounds the little refrigerator made.  I woke up at 6:00 AM and realized that we had fallen asleep.  We were both sitting up leaning on pillows stacked up against the headboards.  I finally turned off the room lights when the sun came up enough to light the room. I just can’t get the image of the creepy little thing out of my mind.  Even right now, I can still clearly see it in my mind.  Every time I get the same feeling of outright fear.  We think we were still being followed.  Then again, maybe this creature was separate.  We don’t know. I do guess that the larger lights that we saw were not what we saw change shape.  That object was much, much smaller.  So was the glowing light we saw at that over pass. We are still afraid. Writing this down has taken me all day long.  It’s still very upsetting. We don’t understand why it chose us.  Was it that we were taking too much interest?  Again, that would be totally my fault.  At points during all of this she was begging me to get far away from what we were seeing. All in all it took us four hours to get 1 hour and 43 minutes away.  The time it usually takes to drive from Rock Hill to Orangeburg.  We got off of the road a couple of times but still feel that we are missing time somewhere. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Dear Mr. Davenport, Can you tell me where people who have witnessed a UFO go when they want to speak out loud to someone about what they saw? Do people ever get answers to what happened? It took me about 7 hours to physically write down all of what happened that night. It was very hard to have to keep reliving it so that I could write it down. My daughter and I went over it a hundred times while I was still at her house but now it's like pulling teeth to get her to talk about any of it. She feels that we never should have been there. Never should have seen what we saw and that we shouldn't tell anyone. She doesn't understand why I feel the need to let people know what happened to us. What we witnessed I think it's important! All of it!  I want to know what that ball of light was!  Did it leave radiation in/on her car? What happened to my left ear?  Why is there a New bump behind my right ear and why does my daughter have one in the same area? Why were my triglycerides through the roof when my blood was tested 7 days after May 5th? They were so high that my doctor called me at home to give me the results. I remember that I was asked by the tech' when my blood was drawn if I was on any blood thinners when he drew my blood. I am not!  I am still very scared at night.  If I have to go outside for something alone at night now, It takes everything I have not to fly into a panic and run when I see any lights moving in the sky.  What if it knows where I am or worse, where my daughter is?  Please, accept my apology for being so rude in my reply to your email before.  I have not been myself lately.  ((END ADDENDUM));35.200603478896;-80.8322199283058
Black, morphing shape object sighted for almost ten minutes with my neighbor in plain sight.;2014-06-15 20:00:00;5-10 minutes;Black, morphing shape object sighted for almost ten minutes with my neighbor in plain sight. I have never really believed in this sort of thing, but I just saw an object in the sky over south Charlotte at 8:00 p.m., 6/15/2014.  It was black and seemed to be a semi-circular shape but seemed to change shape in a slow, wobbly manner.  Almost like a blob or jellyish type structure.  It did not look natural. It either had a bright white light or some sort of reflection of the sun, but it was slowly spinning so the light would come and go. It was directly over me and in plain sight at low altitude.  Someone with terrible eyesight could have easily seen it.  I watched it for over five minutes, probably closer to ten.  It moved very slowly, gaining in altitude pretty steeply in regard to how quickly it became too difficult to see.  I recorded it from my phone, but it has no zoom.  By the time I decided to find my phone and record, it had floated quite a distance.  It was indistinguishable on the screen because of its altitude and the sun and lack of zooming ability.   My neighbor walked out as I was filming.  He watched it with me.  By the time he saw it, the object was at a greater distance and higher altitude so he asked if maybe it was a weather balloon.  It was not, though.  It was almost thickly transparent-like, but then it would “morph” into a jet black with absolutely no plasma look to it.  It did not look like it was “made of matter” in the sense that we usually perceive matter. I am somewhat shocked because I am a hard sceptic of almost any phenomena reported on any subject.  I called the airport.  They said that they know of nothing in the sky, that there is a National Guard Base nearby.  Really though, I’m not sure why I called them because this “object” did not look natural and moved in a very unnatural manner as well.  It was not a “vehicle” per se.  I am truly at a loss for words. I saw it earlier this week too, but it was very far away so I didn’t call or make a report because I wasn’t sure what I saw.  On that day, it seemed to hover in a completely still position and darted off at an extremely high speed.  I was intrigued as to what it could be, but it was very far away and pretty much a small, dark spot in the sky.  I am certain now that this was this object or something very similar that I observed.;35.200603478896;-80.8322199283058
Bright white lights form pyramid in the sky, which then changed into a straight line of lights whose trails connected them together.;2015-11-19 21:20:00;2-3 minutes;Bright white lights form pyramid in the sky, which then changed into a straight line of lights whose trails connected them together. I was driving back from school where I attend at ITT Tech North Charlotte campus.  I was driving down I-485 inner southbound towards exit 13 which led to the I-85 southbound ramp when I had caught sight of a strange pattern of bright lights behind the tree line.  It looked like a mountain was lit up with stadium lights, triangular in shape but very very bright.  I tried my best to catch a better glimpse of it and when I did catch a better glimpse the object in question had changed from a triangle pyramid like structure to a straight line in the sky.  I stared at this in awe for a moment, tried to make sense of it.  I almost missed my exit from staring for so long.  Just as i was turning each light appeared to leave a long trail behind it connecting to the next as if they were all moving in unison.  When I had merged onto I-85 southbound the structure was now behind me and I could no longer see it however I obsessed over the thought of it on the rest of the way home, and filed this report immediately.  I had thought that they may have been planes but I had also seen a plane on my car ride home and the two were not similar at all.;35.200603478896;-80.8322199283058
