Oval object in the sky;2020-03-31 20:30:00;1/2 hour;Oval object in the sky I had just tucked my daughter into bed for the night.  I planned to go to bed myself, and in order to get to my bedroom I have to go all the way to the other end of my house.  That includes going through the kitchen and the living room.  I was headed to my bedroom when I stopped in the kitchen.  I was really thirsty, and wanted a drink.  That's when I saw it. I got my drink and was almost ready to go to my bedroom when something told me to look out my kitchen window.  So I turned my head to the left and there it was out my window.  It was tree top level, maybe a little higher in the sky.  I watched it for about 5 minutes, because I didn't want to mistake what I was seeing for a drone.  Or a sattlelight. As I was watching this star it changed colors many times.  It went from blue to yellow then red.  And the colored light was flashing.  They were flashing off, on. Off, on.  Just like someone was flicking a light switch.  Then the light flashed one more time.  This time when it came back on, there was more lights.  Now the lights all started changing colors at the same time, and flashing at the same time.  This was when I could see that there was a shape to the lights.  I could tell that the object in the sky was a oval.  I didn't know what I was looking at. I was so scared, I didn't know what I was looking at, so I went into my bedroom to wake up my husband.  I woke him up.  He thought something was wrong with the kids.  I told him what I was seeing.  He thought I was nuts.  He said that's a star.  Why did you wake me up for that?  I tried to tell him that it is not a star.  He got so mad at me that he turned around and went back to bed. When he went to bed I stayed in the kitchen to watch what was in the sky.  Then the object did something I didn't expect.  The object's lights totaly went out and a big white light on top of the object appeared.  The light on top of the object was a circle.  It glowed a very bright white.  Almost so bright that I couldn't look at it for long.  It reminded me of lighting. Or an electric wire catching on fire.  At this point, I was so scared I ran to my bedroom and went to bed.;44.323;-70.5769
