Summer 1976 or 77 a huge triangular objet with bright white lights moving very slow making no noise moving in a serpentine manner.;1976-06-01 19:00:00;Approx 30min;Summer 1976 or 77 a huge triangular objet with bright white lights moving very slow making no noise moving in a serpentine manner. I have never talked about this with anyone except my sister and parents. I was about six at the time, and had never heard of the word UFO.   My father was a pilot in the Army, at one time we lived near Edwards AFB saw lots of wierd things the government was flying easily explainable.  We were at my neighbors house in Glennville Georgia its located approximately 30 minutes away from Ft. Stewart.  ((witness #1)) who was also six, ((witness #2)) about eight, and his older brother about seventeen, my sister who was eleven and me.   We were jumping on ((witness #2)) trampoline and ((Witness #1)) pointed to the sky and said look at those lights over there.  There were two bright white lights in the distance. They looked like very bright street lights to me. Just ignored them and kept on jumping. I can't tell you the exact date when it happened but it was in the summer of either '76 or '77.  ((witness #1)) had to go home to eat dinner and it was getting darker. Sometime later we decided we better head home as well. Before we set off down the road I looked over at the lights and they appeared to be getting bigger.  I dismissed them again and walked along side my sister.  My sister says she was watching them the whole time and that they were following us.   I noticed the wind started to pick up and dust was blowing everywhere which I was farmiliar with because helicopters do the same thing. My sister screamed out run they're following us.  At which point I looked up over my shoulder and saw a craft wing that looked alot like the Stealth.  But it had lights on it that had such a bright clarity to them like halogen lights but brighter and white.  It made no noise and its movements were serpentine in motion it moved very slow almost hovering and it made no sound.   I took off running and left my sister behind.  I remember running into the house hysterical saying its got my sister, its got my sister.  Soon after my sister came in crying in a panic too.  So my dad went outside to see what it was and there was nothing.  It left without making a sound.  To this day my sister never talks about it, it was so horrifying. My dad being a pilot said that planes can cut their engines off and glide.  I excepted that and when they declassified the Stealth Bomber I thought that would explain it.  I saw the Stealth and it makes a lot of noise.   Nothing I have seen flown by the military that I know of can compare to the technology of what ever that was that me and my sister saw that summer night. My sister can give you a better description because she was watching it the whole time, but she won't talk about it. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  We will invite the witness to have her sister submit a report of her recollections, as well.  PD));31.9472;-81.9389000000001
Craft with lights circled around and made several passes over town and surrounding areas. ((anonymous report));2016-07-14 10:00:00;30 minutes;Craft with lights circled around and made several passes over town and surrounding areas I was driving home from work and saw several lights in the sky. then I noticed that all the lights were part of the same craft.  When I got home I called my mom and wife to get in the car and we went to follow it.  It had about 4 to 5 white lights on it, 4 visible when coming toward us and during turning, and one visible from the back. It also had a red light blinking on it.  The craft was flying too low for regulated aircraft, even more so when over a town.  It circled around and made several passes over town and surrounding areas. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));31.9472;-81.9389000000001
