Multiple/Re-occurring U.F.O. Sightings in Candler, NC;2011-10-26 23:00:00;minute or so;Multiple/Re-occurring U.F.O. Sightings in Candler, NC Multiple/Re-occurring U.F.O. Sightings -As seen by more than 4 people at once some of which, are my neighbors-    I dated this report on 10/26/11 because this was basically the clincher after a few months of activity (starting around the beginning of August). I had been looking up every night since the very first time I saw at night (around 1am), an orb of light that almost seemed to know that I was watching it.  Almost like it danced for me, and I couldn’t move while watching it.   I had my girl-friend come out and look after about 20mins, and we watched just as it zipped a further distance away gracefully.  The peculiar thing about its movement was mainly the vast distances it could achieve in a short time the sharp angular movement that seemed to allow easy movement in 3-D. travel (in other words, they can go any direction fluidly), and without making a single sound. Up to this point I have seen in the area around Candler, NC: the visit of fast, slow, lingering, and bolting away night-sightings. During the day only most recently, I have seen silver-like, oblong, and saucers (around 1pm-3pm).  This was what really made my heart race, I had finally found that they were in our atmosphere, and I got glimpses of their minute-long little strut.  Then they just go off, and even into clouds to never re-appear. Believe me when I say, I have been interested in the stars since I could look up, frequenting the high-powered telescopes as a youth. Never in my life have I seen any un-identifiable/irrational-anomalies that I could not disprove. Now I have many. After I started telling more people near-by, they tried to rationalize what I saw, but I put a sock in each of their mouths when I came knocking for them the hurry and run to see around the trees before they were gone. Everyone was stunned, and the all felt that same “awe” that I explained. The people I live next-to are the most skeptical people you could meet, and they had to tell me that they could not explain what they just had seen. So, the clincher tonight was a red orb being followed closely by a blue orb (maybe opposite at times). It/they moved very fast, turned a near 90-degree angle, and went over-head making no noise. The odd thing is, nearly half the time these things happen a non-commercial/unmarked plane flies near its’ trajectory. This time, there was a helicopter flying under it and making noise. The craft (or two) made that angle towards over my house, and the helicopter went off over the next ridge. As the craft/crafts went along and got closest to me, there was no noise at all. They/it soon went over another ridge. 	These have been frequent, and so much so that I sit outside in the cold every-night. It’s very hard to ignore it, and i just think that I should put it out there. This I merely a statement to tell whoever is listening, the Pisgah Mountains have unexplained orbs, crafts, and “saucers” in its’ skies. Increasingly.;35.5385999999999;-82.7038
Watched 3 separate ufos lift up and take off;2021-04-23 21:00:00;15 minutes;Watched 3 separate ufos lift up and take off 3 of us watched 3 separate ufos lift up above the tree line and shoot off into the sky.  They left 5 minutes between each other and we had a perfect view.;35.5385999999999;-82.7038
