Black triangle with very bright white lights moving slowly flying low over western North Carolina;2013-01-13 20:00:00;15 minutes;black triangle with very bright white lights moving slowly flying low over western North Carolina I was walking my dog around 8:00 p.m. on 1/13/13.  There is a wide view of a long distance mountain range & the southern sky from my front yard where I was standing.  Looking at the mountains I saw an extremely bright white light moving slowly toward me.  It was moving from south to north slightly west of my position.  My first thought was that the light was much brighter than any plane or helicopter I’d ever seen.  It seemed to be illuminating the clouds in front of it the length of 2 airplanes.  I watched the light for about 10 minutes thinking it must be a military plane. It came out of the clouds & flew low, lower than any large planes would fly in this valley.  It moved very slowly & smoothly, sort of floating along.  I kept waiting to hear the engine, but it didn’t make a sound.  I knew it wasn’t any military craft.  As it got closer I realized how low it was, it was just above the tree tops of the 100/120 foot pines on the west side of my yard.  Then it went behind the trees.  Again I wondered why I couldn’t hear an engine or something. When it came out from behind the trees I could see the bottom of it.  It was a black(matt finish) triangle shaped craft with a white light on each of the rounded tips & a dimmer white/orange light in the center of the belly.  I watched the underside pass by me while looking west through a 25–30 foot opening in the trees.  I couldn’t see the entire craft at one time it was much larger than that 30 foot opening. I continued to watch even after I couldn’t see it anymore thinking it was going to run into the mountain north of me.  When I didn’t see an explosion I went inside & told my husband about it & drew a picture. I thought it was odd that it was moving so slowly & I thought it was odd that the light was so bright, but the thought of it being a UFO didn’t occur to me until I realized it wasn’t making any noise & it was very low.  Then when I saw the matt black metal underside I was convinced. I haven’t told anyone besides my husband for fear of ridicule.  Since that night I research UFO sightings on the Web every chance I get.  I was surprised no one reported it, but as time passed I thought if there were other witnesses maybe they were just as afraid to speak up as I was.  So I decided to file this report. I’m still in shock & try not to let it consume my thoughts, but I’m sure what I saw was not of this world.;35.5385999999999;-82.7038
Bright triangular object seen over major interstate highway near medium size city.;2014-03-19 21:50:00;1.5-2 seconds;Bright triangular object seen over major interstate highway near medium size city. I was driving home from work on I-40 west bound in light traffic.  The weather was dry and warm.  I was between the  39 and 38 mile marker, when I looked up and noticed a triangular shaped object which seemed to appear out of nowhere, and it darted off toward the direction of Asheville city. The object seemed to be solid looking and triangular in shape.  It appeared to make no sound, tho it was hard to tell at highway speed.   It did appear to emit a very bright, gold colored light as it appeared and darted away.;35.5385999999999;-82.7038
