Bright white flashing light strange moving object. Upon zooming in appears to be fast spinning disk that may shapeshift to orb;2020-08-23 00:00:00;5 minutes;Bright white flashing light strange moving object.  Upon zooming in appears to be fast spinning disk that may shapeshift to orb 8/23/2020 day 3 of seeing my friends I now call them. Upon day 3 and 4th time now observing them.  They seem To be most active 0:00 hours to about 3:00 AM This one was observed in front yard.  Where it was yesterday as well. Appears bright always by the tree lines.  Blinking colors green, blue, white.  Almost blending with night sky and stars but my camera does not pick up stars. If you notice them they will behave movement wise funny.  It’s when you zoom in a bit things get really weird and more puzzling.  Upon analysis of video files moving time down to slower speed the orbs might not be orbs but spinning disk shapes that are so fast moving they appear to maybe shapeshif? Observed and screen shot video clip pics they also form wormhole type looking lines then transfer back to spinning disk or circle shape and then into glowing mass type orbs. I also saw on history channels “unidentified” that in 2019 the same objects where seen in Peru. Also most visible when zoomed and identical pictures of orb like objects with dot in center. Furthermore interesting as mass sighting was in Peru prior to pilots testimony and video of object but ! video 2 days prior shows same objects in Peru by airport. Coincidently litchfield is in close proximity to Manchester airport. Not sure what these objects are doing but they appear to have business here: I’m a regular sky watcher. Who loves stars and has a telescope. I have never seen this before. Have reported 4 times now. Once 8/10 in Milford at drive in. And for the past 3 days via litchfield.;42.8441;-71.4524
Pulsating defined sphere. Orb. Orbs. Formation wide diamond when orbs grouped and formed. Communicated with each other via lights.;2020-08-24 01:00:00;51 minutes;Pulsating defined sphere.  Orb.  Orbs. Formation wide diamond when orbs grouped and formed.  Communicated with each other via lights. Pulsating orb.  Red in glow.  Changed shape.  Zig zag.  Circled.  Pulsates and grew bigger and smaller seemed to spin at times. Several other smaller ones surrounding also forming. Seemed to have intelligent communication. Lights blinking. High strangeness. Animals effected. Coyotes howling. Lights flickering. Electronic video on one witnesses phone seemed to get white noise from inside the phone. Outside solar lamps in garden flickering. Hairs on edge. All together orbs seemed to form an extremely large diamond shape when looked at all together. Almost like constellation manipulation via full form. No other stars but mars showed up on camera. 10 videos or more. Not a place. Not a drone. Nothing I have ever seen moved that fast: and waved around. Hovered at times and zipped and floated through gravity like it doesn’t exists and is a primitive man made concept. Event lasts almost an hour!;42.8441;-71.4524
