Disc shaped object, multi colored lights around perimeter of the disc, bright spot light shining from bottom of craft, comfirmation;1992-04-08 21:00:00;10 min;Disc shaped object, multi colored lights around perimeter of the disc, bright spot light shining from bottom of craft, comfirmation My wife and I were just moving into a new home on the back side of Ventura, Ca. in the housing development know as Clearpoint.  Our home was high above the city and the back yard looked out on rolling hills of farm land.  We were trying to move some articles, after work, before the big move on Saturday.  As I brought in a load, my wife asked Is that a UFO.  She was standing at the sliding glass doors in the kitchen, looking out above the hills in the back yard.  I saw a disc shaped object off to the East, Southeast.  It seemed to have multicolored lights rotating around the perimeter, red, green, blue, and yellow as I remember.  There was also a very bright spot light shining directly down from the craft.  I really couldn't give a very accurate description of the size or distance, but my best guess would be that the object was about the size of a small plane, say 50 ft in diameter and possibly 1 to 2 miles away.  There was no noticable sound which I would have expected with a helicopter or plane.  This area is very quiet, and having served in Vietnam, I am quite familiar with the sounds of helicopters.  I got my binoculars and watched the craft until my wife said, We need to finish unloading the Van.  On each trip back in the house, I would again go into the back yard and look at the craft.  I think it just started moving then moved away real fast and disappeared.  In the following two years that I lived in that house, I spent many evenings in the back yard and never again saw anything remotely like this disc.  A few years later I tried looking up any information that might have been reported in the local paper.  I found none.  Roughly three years ago a local radio talk show host mentioned he saw a UFO when he lived in Santa Paula, which is roughly East, Southeast of Ventura.  The time period sounded about the same.  About four years after the incident I was talking to an ex next door neighbor.  She mentioned that there had been a UFO sighting in that area and that she had gone to pick up her daughter at an evening church class.  Something above the car shinded a light so bright on her car, that she had to pull over to the side of the road until the light went out.  At the time of the sighting, I had been a mechanic at a local dealership for about 8 years.  My wife was a technologist in the medical field, and the neighbor was the wife of a local doctor. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.3045826306914;-119.283166779089
Me and my friend were not on any drugs or alcahol;2002-05-26 23:34:00;5 min;Me and my friend were not on any drugs or alcahol On the the 26th of May as I was driving my friend homewe took the back way to his house which no one ever goes on at this time of night because it is too dark to drive on, he spotted something out that looked like a blimp.  I didnt believe him at first, I just told him that it was a blimp, but he kept on bugging me.  Finnaly he i just pulled over the car because he was bugging me so much about this weird thing in the sky.  As soon as i looked at this object carefully i soon found out it wasnt a blimp.  It was too fast to be anything other then a UFO.  The flying saucer with bright lights then circled around us about 3 times.  The saucer was about 400 feet up in the air.  Then all of a sudden the object vanished.  I am telling you the truth about this sighting i have never seen anything like this ever in my life, it was really spooky to see this for the first time.  Now i am a definite believer of life in the universe.;34.3045826306914;-119.283166779089
