Oval shaped craft travelling e-w n/w, NO clearance or blinking lights seemed to be illuminated from inside. The color was ivory or yell;1999-05-18 21:48:00;3-5 seconds;Oval shaped craft travelling e-w n/w, NO clearance or blinking lights seemed to be illuminated from inside. The color was ivory or yellowish with dark spots that appeared to be portholes(??). My wife and I were standing outside looking up and to the south when I noticed an odd oval illuminated flying object travelling east to west or n/west, it was moving slightly faster than what one would expect of say a commercial airliner. The object started to pass behind the tree in our front yard and we both ran out front. Within 3 seconds we were out front clear of the tree but the object had completely disappeared?!No sign or trace, there were many aircraft, stars were CLEARLY visable and it was/is a VERY clear night. There was NO mistaking that this object was NOT a commercial or military aircraft of any type. The closest thing in shape and size would be a blimp but it was moving too fast and it completely disappeared, plus the fact that it had no clearance or blinking lights lights. The object was also totally w/o sound, my wife said she heard it but the sound I think she heard was a passing car...I think??;34.3045826306914;-119.283166779089
It was Saturday evening October 16, 2005. I myself have never in the past seen anything like this or any other UFO's. I still don't kno;2005-10-16 00:00:00;40 mins.;It was Saturday evening October 16, 2005. I myself have never in the past seen anything like this or any other UFO's. I still don't know what we saw but it was really wierd and surreal.  My boyfriend and I were having a smoke out in our back patio.  I happened to look out towards the west and saw a bright object.  At first I thought It was a really bright star. I said to my boyfriend,  Isn't that a really bright star?  He agreed.  The more we looked at it we realised that it couldn't have been a star.  We're not too far from Vandenburg air space so we tried to rationalise the whole thing.  But then it started.  From the left of the bright object a flashing red object appeared.  Naturally we thought it was a plane, but the more we stared at it the more we realised that it was not moving like normal planes.  It would hover down then go up suddenly.  But naturally we tried to rationalise what we were witnessing.  The red-flashing object was getting closer to the bright star object and circled it once and then quickly hovered away.  The more you tried to look at the red-flashing object it seemed to go out of focus.  I decided to get my camera, and as i came back out both me and my boyfriend witnessed something that almost made us S*** in our pants.  The redflashing object stopped floating and became as bright as the bright star object for just a few seconds and dimmed out quickly.  As i tried to focus my camera on the redflashing object, I noticed another redflashing object that we had not seen before.  As I panned out to look at it, not through the camera lens, I noticed that it was THREE more redflashing objects higher up in the sky that weren't near the original one we initially saw.  I wanted to take pics of them and as i tried to fit them into the shot i noticed that they were traveling at a very slow pace in a triangular pattern.  One was all the way at the top or the point of the triangle, and the other 2 were below.  I have to say that I'm not a UFO nut, never been something I've been interested in, but this night sent shivers down my back.   We went back inside after having enough of what we saw.  We really tried to rationalise.  After watching tv an hour later I decided to go back outside to see if anything was still going on.  When i stepped outside I was stumped to see that everything, the flashing red objects and the bright star looking object were all gone. I only had a disposable camera and the flash kept going off. i have yet to develop the camera.  I was really hoping that i would read any similar sightings on this site.  There is no way me and my boyfriend were the only ones that witnessed this.  The object was bright like a comet coming towards earth.   Very scary, but I am convinced more than ever that we are not alone.;34.3045826306914;-119.283166779089
Two Orange Oval shaped objects sighted moving together vanishing then reapearing.;2005-11-12 16:24:00;10 minutes;Two Orange Oval shaped objects sighted moving together vanishing then reapearing. My brother was over and we were enjoying dinner enjoying the ocean view and watching the sunset. He is an architect and is helping me design an add-on to my dining room.  Just after the sunset, we noticed a orange glowing oval shaped object.  It seemed to be gliding west with a gradual and steady pace.  Then it would disapeared for about 30 seconds and reapeared in a different position.   At first we thought that it was just a high altitude air craft.  But when we looked with binoculars it was very obvious that it had no emisions, and it had no definite coarse.   A few minutes later another object just like it appeared.  They almost looked like they had an invisable bond between them because they stayed the same distance apart for atleast 5 minutes.  And when one would disapear the other would at the same time, they also both reapeared at the same time.  Then it began to look like the object was making a 90 degree change in direction. Its coarse was now southward, but it vanished and never reapeared after that.;34.3045826306914;-119.283166779089
Illuminated Orb type craft near Point Mugu to Ventura beach.;2005-11-17 19:40:00;4 minutes;Illuminated Orb type craft near Point Mugu to Ventura beach. My friend and I were sitting on his balcony when he spotted an orb.  He pointed it out to me and we could see a large oval shaped ball of pulsating light moving from Point Mugu, north up the Ventura coast.  The object maintained a constant amount of illumination and was far too bright and large to be anything man made.  My friend and I were both in the military and saw many planes at night and this was unlike anything we hade ever seen.  It appeared to be approximately 1/3 the size of the moon that was in the south east sky, the object was in the south west sky.   Also, there were several lights that appeared to extend from the objects like light beams and the object slowly changed from a white blue to a white orange bright light.  I am certain that this was a UFO.;34.3045826306914;-119.283166779089
