Light instantly stopped moved instantly a few times followed by second one following.;2000-06-15 22:00:00;15 Seconds;Light instantly stopped moved instantly a few times followed by second one following. I was looking up at the sky on the delaware bay beach and I saw what I thought was a shooting star, but all of a sudden it stopped at about 70 degrees in the sky.  Then it shot downward slightly to the left to about 60 degrees, instantly.  At that time a second light shot into almost the same spot as the original one and stopped as well.  The first one then instantly moved almost a quarter of the entire sky line in an upward direction to about 80 degrees instantly, stopped, then shot back into what appeared to be space on an upward slightly left angle.  The second one was still at the same spot at that time and then slowly in a wave like motion moved for a few seconds then instantly shot to the same spot as the one before and it too shot at the same path as the first one.  I really never told anyone the story until recently but it really never crossed my mind it was or could be a ufo.  I was also at age 18 and just thought it could be a high-tech military p! lane, I know now that those speeds aren't possible for man-made machines. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.1378;-74.7806
I was driving around because my son fell asleep in the car. While traveling SSE I noticed what I thought to be a meteor.;2017-02-04 15:50:00;~10 minutes;I was driving around because my son fell asleep in the car.  While traveling south-southeast I noticed what I thought to be a meteor with a short contrail heading in the same direction.  At one point it seemed to either stay still or change in direction so as no tail could be seen. After a few minutes I saw up to seven jets converging on the light.  I counted their contrails. I lost the light while taking a bend in the road.  It was gone by the time I was back in a good viewing area. The jets seemed to return to where they had come from to.;39.1378;-74.7806
