Triangular-shaped object moving in perfect silence in the night sky;1983-05-10 23:15:00;5 seconds;Triangular-shaped object moving in perfect silence in the night sky This incident happened many years ago.  I did not report it at the time, but wrote down my observations and kept them in my personal records.  This is what I wrote at the time.  All of a sudden I'm hit with this urge to go outside and look for the Araki-Alcock Comet.  No sooner do I locate the Big Dipper, where the comet is supposed to appear, than I see something quite different and quite inexplicable. Soaring silently across the night sky is what appears to be a single object, or perhaps three objects moving in tandem. It moves due north at a very rapid speed without making a sound. I wait for a time to see if there are any sounds of jet engines.  There are none.  All is silent. What I actually saw were three faint points of light suggesting a triangular structure.  The lights are grayish, like no aircraft lighting I have seen before, and they are steady - not pulsing. All three lights move at the same rate of speed.  One is in front and two are directly behind, horizontal to one another.  The three together suggest the therefore symbol used in philosophy. The eerie thing is their rapid steady speed and their total silence.  And their dimness. Also - if the object was moving at the same altitude as an ascending jet (from Sea-Tac Airport) it would have to be enormous. (Two days later, I wrote the following)  I still can recall the incident vividly, and in retrospect I can see that my description of it was somewhat jumbled in my attempt to get it down quickly.  I feel I should add, or rather stress, the following points:  Whatever I saw gave the impression of being a single triangular object. It was a clear and starry night, at least two or three hours after sunset.  When the object came into my field of vision, I was standing in a short driveway that passes directly in front of my front porch.  I was facing north. It was the object's motion that initially caught my eye, for it made not a sound.  It was almost directly overhead, traveling at a steady high speed from south to north.  I watched it until it disappeared behind the branches of a large cedar tree in the front yard of my neighbor's house.  The object was visible to me for a total of no more than five seconds. My initial impression on seeing the object was that it was a single, solid triangular-shaped craft.  Only later, after examining the possibilities, did I also realize it could have been three separate objects moving in perfect unison, with each separate object representing the three points of the triangle. I still believe it was most likely a single, triangle-shaped object of a rather impressive size. After the object disappeared from my view, I waited for a time, listening for the sound of a jet engine or engines.  It never came.  There was nothing but silence. For the next two or three minutes, I went out and watched the same area of sky where I had seen the object. It never reappeared. (I am a journalist and news reporter - in other words, a trained observer.  I did not report this incident at the time it happened because the Internet was not available and also because I thought it would jeopardize my career, which was just starting at that time.) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));47.5924902439025;-122.657557317073
blazed along tree line then dissapeared.;1990-06-20 01:00:00;20 seconds;blazed along tree line then dissapeared. A friend and I were talking, leaning against my car late one summer night. The crickets were out and chirping. For some reason we both stopped talking and a huge light in a triangle shape caught our eye. It was real dark except for a couple house lights on. It was over the tree line, not sure of distance, and it moved very slowly, what I would guess as about 20 to 40 MPH. The crickets stopped chirping as this thing moved. I could hear a faint crackling noise as it moved. There was no other sound as This is a secluded area. We held our breath as this thing reached a spot in the sky and rocketed at about a 75 degree angle out of sight, it did leave a faint light trail that lasted half a second or so and then was gone. We thought it may have been over the bangor sub base. If it was it was farther away than I thought and had to have been very large to have been that visable. A very unreal experiance and no one believes me.  I dont know what I saw but I do know that humans do not have that kind of capability, no airplane flies that slow with no noise then dissapears that quickly. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));47.5924902439025;-122.657557317073
There was four of us setting on my back pouch. we saw this thing in the sky that shape like a triangle move all in prefect uniform.;1999-09-10 22:00:00;min or so;There was four of us setting on my back pouch. we saw this thing in the sky that shape like a triangle move all in prefect uniform. We didn't know who we could tell, or if someone would belive us. We were all setting out on my back porch. We were looking at the stars, we saw a few falling stars and one of the girls said, look at that one, we all looked towards the north. There were three stars shaped into a triangle. Then all of sudden one of the girls said, its moving. At first we thought it was a satalite, but the three stars was moving together, in a straight line. You can tell that all three stars were connected together. It was traveling from the north and then headed south. With the point going first and then all of a sudden it stop and like it flip over and the pointed end was facing down, and the other two stars were on top, it stayed there for a few minutes, and then it was gone. It scare us, so bad that we all went into the house. We didn't say a word to any one.s anyway. Besides who is going to believe this? * *         this is the shape * ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates a isosceles triangle, using asterisks.  The shape indicated in the report did not carry over to the database when we downloaded it.));47.5924902439025;-122.657557317073
A  lighted triangle shaped object that raced across the sky leaving no trail.;2002-06-12 00:50:00;5-7 seconds;A  lighted triangle shaped object that raced across the sky leaving no trail. As i was sitting in my hot tub shortly before 1 a.m., i noticed an object flying across the sky above me.  It appeared to have red & green lights, triangle shape and moved at a fast rate of speed.  Appeared to be very high in sky but was still large. no sound was heard.  No trail was left either.  Eventually, it just flew out of my sight but not after going across the sky for 5-7 seconds.;47.5924902439025;-122.657557317073
My children saw a triangle of bright white lights flashing.  Then they separated.  As they separated they changed color between red and;2012-01-27 21:40:00;15 minutes;My children saw a triangle of bright white lights flashing.  Then they separated.  As they separated they changed color between red and purple.  Then one disappeared.   Next  the kids got me and I recorded two bright lights flying in u ison,  one disappeared.  The other one stayed for a while and disappeared with a very strange noise that followed.  We got this on video and cannot explain the screeching squeeze sound after the decent of the aircraft.   Any thoughts?;47.5924902439025;-122.657557317073
I was looking up in the night sky for meteors because of the shower that was taking place that night. All of a sudden I saw a spot of d;2012-04-21 22:00:00;10 seconds;I was looking up in the night sky for meteors because of the shower that was taking place that night. All of a sudden I saw a spot of distorted space in the western sky. I thought it was my eyes playing tricks on me and then a light appeared which was about the brightness of Venus. It then split into a flying v formation and started to head north.  While the 5-8 lights stayed mostly in the flying v formation, the individual lights did move in and out of formation.  It looked as though they were doing little tricks. Very fast maneuvers in and out of formation.  About halfway across the sky they kicked their speed up and bolted the remainder of my viewing range at a phenomenal speed. Never seen anything like this before and i'm hopping that there was others in my area that saw it.  I was mesmerized and spent the brief experience trying to figure out what I was seeing.  I didn't have the time or nor the instantaneous response to capture a photo or video of the event! . It was most certainly not technology that we have been exposed to yet.  The only hypothesis I can come to is that it was extraterrestrial spacecraft.  I'm not religious nor am I a conspiracy theorist. I do believe there is life out there but never thought it likely made it to our little blue planet. Unless the gov is coming out with some crazy new tech I'm pretty sure they found us.;47.5924902439025;-122.657557317073
