Large circular orb appeared in the sky moving quickly in a south, southeast direction and disappeared after about four seconds.;2012-11-06 18:44:00;5 seconds;Large circular orb appeared in the sky moving quickly in a south, southeast direction and disappeared after about four seconds. While driving on route 240 toward Sconticut Neck Road, a bright circular orb appeared in the sky. It resembled a shooting star in appearance and behavior, though it was much larger and appeared to be much closer.  It moved in the same direction I was driving and moved much more quickly then an airplane would.  It appeared out of nowhere, moved forward in the sky parallel to the earth, and after about four seconds, it disappeared.;41.637;-70.8884
Three Silent Lights Spotted in Fairhaven, MA.;2014-07-05 21:00:00;5 minutes;Three Silent Lights Spotted in Fairhaven, MA My family and I were sitting outside watching fireworks from our deck when we spotted three lights flying over New Bedford, which is due west of our house.  At first, we assumed they were commercial or private aircraft, but it became quickly clear they were not.   The lights, flying in a triangle at perfect synchrony, moved directly towards us.  As the lights moved to within a close distance of our home, it was impossible to see anything OTHER than a light - i.e. we did not notice the outline of any object, even though it appeared as though the aircraft were each flying fairly low to the ground.   The other odd thing was they were flying in ABSOLUTE silence.  No engine noise, no propeller noise, NOTHING. Things became especially odd when the middle light seemed to fade out into nothingness despite nearly no cloud cover during the evening.   Quickly thereafter, the front light faded out in a similar fashion while the other light continued to move over our house in an easterly direction.  Very odd.   Only thoughts could be they were military aircraft flying towards Otis Air National Guard Base on Cape Cod, which is only about 20 miles away from our house.;41.637;-70.8884
Orange/peach colored flickering light floating from south to north along the east side of Sconticut Neck.;2014-08-02 00:10:00;10 minutes;Orange/peach colored flickering light floating from south to north along the east side of Sconticut Neck. An orange/peach colored light that was flickering and floating from south to north along the east side of Sconticut Neck.  It was sort of a horizontal crescent shape.  All I could think of was the fire from a hot air ballon, but at midnight??;41.637;-70.8884
