Close up sighting of UFO saucer over house at about 100 feet altitude.;1977-07-25 20:00:00;5 minutes;Close up sighting of UFO saucer over house at about 100 feet altitude. It was around 8:00 to 9:00 pm in late July or August (don’t remember other than it was a warm time of year and in the evening and in New England so it had to be mid summer) and was getting dark out but still light enough to see details in all objects (trees, house and vehicles). I was in my car with my son (about 10 years old at the time) and we were backing out of the driveway, which slopes up from the house to the street. As I approached the street I saw this large saucer/disk shaped object hovering directly above (less than 100 feet) my house. My house was about 45 feet long and this object was a little larger than the house, so I would estimate it was about 60-70 feet in diameter. When I reached the street and backed out into the center of the road (this was a circular dead end street) the object moved towards me and again just hovered over my car. I opened the window and stuck my head out to get a better view and also to see if I could hear any sounds, ! which there weren’t any. I am a very mechanically oriented person (I worked as a mechanical designer at a model shop) and kept looking at the ship to see what is was and if I could detect anything that might indicate it was a hoax or some type of simulated ‘space craft’. The ship was a disk shape with a dropped central area on the bottom with windows all around the vertical surface. There was a soft green lighting effect inside as though there were lights coming from below the windows or back away from the windows, like you would get from lighted instrument panels. I could see seams on the outside surfaces defining the ‘metal’ panels that made up the skin of the ship. It looked just like a typical aluminum aircraft construction. There were no exterior lights that I could see from below. (At this point I am convinced this is a UFO type craft and started to look at the details.) The ship started to move away from me, following the street above the trees, and I proceeded to fo! llow it, all the time with my head out the window. I was movin! g at abo ut 10-15 miles per hour and kept up with it as it moved down the street.  I never heard any sound coming from the ship and it remained just above the trees, so I would guess it was still about 100 feet above the street level. I followed it down to the end of the street and then all the way to the end of the next street where it dead ended and the ship ‘shot off over the woods’ and disappeared into the night sky. I had heard from some of my relatives that it was seen about 15-20 miles away the next day near Mahopac, NY. I have been an office manager, mechanical designer and Security Officer for my company in Oak Ridge, TN for almost 30 years and did not want to ‘go public’ with this as I was concerned that it could affect my job and/or credibility in my position. After seeing and reading about so many reported sighting of UFO’s (lights in the sky and small blurred images) but never anything as close as my experience, I decided to tell my story now that I am retired and would like ‘let it go’. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.3989831460675;-73.4542859550562
