Three orbs flashing red and green over the Mission Mountains.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of planets in the eastern sky?  PD));2012-07-23 04:15:00;1.5 hours;Three orbs flashing red and green over the Mission Mountains. Driving south on Hwy 93 and entering the outskirts of Ronan, Montana, at approximately 4:15am on July 23, 2012, I noticed a large bright orb in the eastern sky.  After stopping and taking a closer look I noticed that the light was not moving, but hovering over the ridgeline of the Mission Mountain range.  The air was calm and quiet and I could not hear any noise coming from the orb.  Looking carefully I could make out red lights, but from far away, the bright light overpowered and masked the red lights.  After viewing this object for about 5-10 minutes, an air-raid siren sounded in the town of Ronan.  I noticed all types of emergency and police vehicles driving in various directions in the town.  I then got into my vehicle to see if I could find out more information about the siren.  I stopped by the nearest gas station and asked the attendant if he had any information in regards to the air-raid siren, or the strange orb I had seen in the sky.  He said no, but guessed that maybe a fire had started in the area, and that was why the siren was sounded.   Afterwards, I got back into my car and continued to head south on Hwy 93, and at this time I could now see three orbs in the sky at various heights.  I stopped and got out my cell phone to take footage of the orbs.   Zooming in on the original orb that I had spotted, I could see that it was spherical in shape and it was flashing red and green lights from the outside of the orb and also from underneath the orb shape.  At that point I hit record on my camera, but at that same moment, the original orb I had seen was now gone.  It just vanished.  The other two orbs I continued to record, while still trying to locate the original orb that I had spotted first.  The two orbs continued to hover in the sky at different altitudes flashing red and green lights without making any noise from what I could detect.  After watching again for a while, I returned to my vehicle and drove a little furthe! r south down the highway.  At this time, the orbs also moved s! lowly south along the ridgeline maintaining their altitude.  I then pulled over and stopped and continue to observe.  At that time the orb shapes also stopped and again began to hover at the same altitude that they maintained which was around 10,000-20,000 feet.  I continued to watch the orbs as they hovered over the mountains and the valley floor below when sometime between 6:30 and 7 (I can’t be sure on this time) an airplane flew due east directly towards the orb shapes, but at a much lower elevation.  The plane appeared to be a bomber and kept its coarse east over the mountain range until I could no longer see it.  Within another 15 minutes of the plane passing the orbs literally faded away.;47.5544;-114.1075
