Shiny silver disc shaped object hovering in sky for a few seconds, blinked and it was gone.;2018-07-15 16:30:00;10 seconds;Shiny silver disc shaped object hovering in sky for a few seconds, blinked and it was gone. I was in stop and go traffic Southbound I-5 approaching the 205 Freeway.  The sky was clear blue and I saw a shiny silver disk object in the sky.   I sat up in my seat to try to get a better look because I was thinking, is that an airplane?  But the shape was long and flat with a raised top and it was so shiny.  It seemed to be in the same place, hovering in the same spot in the sky.  I blinked and it was gone.   I looked around the sky in every direction but there was nothing.;37.8203;-121.2804
I witnessed a hovering saucer craft with  lights circling, not making a sound, flying over my city.;2020-11-15 20:00:00;5 minutes;I witnessed a hovering saucer craft with  lights circling, not making a sound, flying over my city. I was on my phone in the backyard when my periferal vision I saw what I assumed to be a plane.  It kept getting brighter so I looked at and realized that lights were circling the craft and not stationary as a plane would be as it hovered gradually along the freeway behind my house heading towards the nearby river.  I witnessed rectangular panel that lit up individually  encircling the craft.  There were yellow border lights around the panels that lit up horizontally and vertically every three panels or so. . Above that there were what seemed to be observation windows.  I just stood in awe as it silently approached.  The next moment it was so close I could distinguish the separate panels around the craft till it finally went behind a palm tree.  That's when it hit me i must take a picture.  I snapped a few shots.  At that moment my dad looked out the blinds and I yelled for him to come quickly and I told him,That's not a plane.  He replied,Well no! it's not those lights are going around it.. I hadn't told him what I saw but he confirmed it .;37.8203;-121.2804
