Perfect triangle red & green light each tip. Teardrop like cutouts in each wing. A raised diamond shape in front. Moved very slowly for;1997-03-15 02:00:00;30 sec;Perfect triangle red & green light each tip.  Teardrop like cutouts in each wing.  A raised diamond shape in front.  Moved very slowly forward while sliding to the side.  Heading toward Everet.  It was either very huge or very low.  I could hear what to me sounded like a large ventilation fan.  Only a balloon could move this slow.  I know that within a week the news was making fun or all the people who were claiming to have seen a triangle.  Well anyway I think it was heading for Boeing, and I think they know about it.  If it wasn't a balloon then there is a better way to fly out there.   Sincerely ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));47.7610166666667;-122.089779166667
Craft with Red Strobing Light!;2003-07-21 22:00:00;5 minutes;Craft with Red Strobing Light! I was standing in my mother's room looking out her open window into the southeastern sky around 10pm.  Just by chance I noticed a bright object, traveling slowly across the sky on the Victor 23 flight path heading north.  It was traveling slower than a small plane and I saw it disappear over the trees.  I then told my mom about it and went back into the room five minutes later...  It was then, in the distance, I saw a blinking red light emerging closer from the southeastern sky and flight path.  It crossed over and headed into the northwest sky.  I thought is was a star at first.  As it came closer, over the house, I could see it was not a star or a plane.  It was a hazy looking triangle-like-craft with a blinking red strobe light in the bottom center.  Around the craft it seemed to sparkel and shift like a glittery transformation.  I called my mother into the room and had her see what I was seeing... she cleary saw it without her glasses on and told me she saw a blinking red light and a strange metallic haze surrounding the craft.  We also noticed that were was no noise of anykind, no aircraft, nothing.  Five minutes later, a helicopter was flying overhead, in the northwest direction of the second odject.  There have been helicopters flying aroung here lately, at night, and during the day.  In fact, my mother and I saw them last Saturday at 2pm in the afternoon for about 30 minutes hovering around the trees.  They were green military helicopters circling and hovering around the Woodinville-Reintree area.  Something is seriously going on out here in the woods.  My mother and I would like to remain anonymous. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides excellent graphic of his sightings.  Objects do not appear to us to have been either a/c or satellites.  PD));47.7610166666667;-122.089779166667
Triangle with flashing white lights, red corners and red center light hovering over Woodinville, WA.;2004-01-05 17:10:00;6 minutes;Triangle with flashing white lights, red corners and red center light hovering over Woodinville, WA. I was watching a dvd on my computer, in my first floor apartment.  My computer room has a large window through which I first saw the object.  At 17:10 I was distracted by flashing lights outside.  It was already dark, pretty much full-on night.  I glanced through the window to my right and saw what I first thought was a hellicoper making a slow progress above the trees.  The object was unusual though, because it was arrayed with a row or two of flashing white lights that were remniscent of emergency lights -- the kind that police vehicals use.  The difference being that these were white, and seemed to be all over  the helicoptor.  There was no spotlight and the object made no sound.  The object had come from the northwest and was moving south.  It slowed to a stop and started going in reverse, northward.  That was when I pointed it out to my girlfriend who was sitting to my right.  It then tilted one of its points towards us and started a lazy circle, revealing a triangular shape.  At two apexes were were alternating red lights, with the flashing white lights on the bottom.  In the center of the tirangle was one slowly flashing larger red light.  I could not discern a light at the third corner, but sometimes thought I saw a bright white light flashing there as well.  It seemed that the pattern of flashing lights changed as the craft moved in different ways.  The lights often changed between white and red.  at 17:11 the craft had completed its circle and was hovering over an area about four blocks away to the southwest of my location It was about the size of a silver dollar at arms length and seemed to be hovering,  I would estimate at between 200-400 feet up.  It then performed a funny little twist.  While hovering, it rotated so that it now hovered on what I would have called it's tail.  My girlfriend and I agreed that this did not look like any kind of helicoptor we had heard of.  She said it could have been some form of super-light airplane.  I dont know how it would maintain any lift while hold still though.  We both agreed that it seemed to be stationary. It began hovering to the north and rotated so that the front point was now level and facing north.  It then picked up a lot of speed and flew out of sight.  It seemed to accellerate very fast and was out of sight within 4 seconds.  at 17:13 I picked up my camera and went outside hoping for it to reappear.  It almost immediately came back into view, flying this time from the west.  I listened carefully for any sound.  I could hear the faint sound of a proppeller plane, but it seemed very distant and faint. The object went to and hovered over the same area as before and began moving back and forth.  After a minute of this, it began to move slowly back to the north.  My camera's bateries were too low, so I could not get a pciture of it.  Some neighbors were walking up the path from the parking lot and looked at what I was trying to photograph.  It was a man a woman and a small boy (named Andy).  The man immediately commented that it looked like a UFO to him.  (But he said UMB because his english isn't that great.)  I asked if he meant UFO, and he said yes.  I told him it was probably jsut a weird plane, and they went inside.  I didn't want to look like a crazy person taking pictures of ufo's.  Soon it picked up speed at an alarming rate and was gone again within seconds.  I could still hear the distant propeller plane sound, which seemed to be coming from the south. I went inside to look for camera bateries.  I went back out to watched the sky for a while and it did not return, so I went back inside. I could not keep myself from glancing out the window every few seconds hoping to see it again.  Then at 20:09 I saw a triangular arrangement of yellowish-white lights, much farther away, moving in from the north to the south.  I was about to go outside to take a pciture, and the object disappeared before my eyes. About two hours later I decided that the most obvious explanation was that the object went into an unseen cloud.  It is possible, but it truly just winked out instantly.  This could have been some type of silent helicopter festooned with about a dozen flashing lights and having really awesome manuverability.  I will email you a map of my area showing the path that the object seemed to be going in, with my location marked on it.  I'll also send you some photos of my view, with overlaid drawings of what I saw (as soon as I can get my camera working).;47.7610166666667;-122.089779166667
Every night out walking the dog if it is clear out I will check out to see how many drones and their positions. Flashing red green for;2021-01-22 19:00:00;All night;Every night out walking the dog if it is clear out I will check out to see how many drones and their positions.  Flashing red green for Port & starboard.  Running west to east. Just east of Linwood going east to maltby and past echo lake . And one north of Woodinville Washington running North Clearview and two more north of Clearview.  Constantly there I am in a jetpack but the Jets avoid these areas at night.;47.7610166666667;-122.089779166667
