Incredible UFO sighting in Hoboken NJ around 1997-1998;1998-01-01 06:00:00;30 min;Incredible UFO sighting in Hoboken NJ around 1997-1998 I flew from California to Hoboken New Jersey to visit my grandmother in Aug 2001 and she told me of an event she witnessed. She could not give me an exact date, but it was around 1997-1998. At the time she was living in a 13 story apt building. The windows of her apartment face north and you can see the Empire State Building and the Hudson River directly to the right.  At around 6am or so in the morning she awoke to the noises of car horns going off at street level, so she went to the living room to look through the window to see what the commotion was all about. She noticed, directly in front of the apartment complex, three disk shaped objects hovering at maybe 300 feet or so in the air! She described the objects looking like a wheel with spokes that connected to a disc or sphere in the middle. The area between the spokes, or bars, was open space. The crafts, she said, rather looked like an old fashion horse drawn carriage wheel.  They were completely still in the air in a vertical position. She noticed people out in the street where also looking up at these objects and other people becoming aware of what was going on since it was very early and people were leaving for work. She had been observing the objects for 15 minutes or so when two helicopters arrived. The choppers stayed hovering in place for a while, and then began moving closer to the objects. The crafts started tilting into a horizontal position and then slowly moved up and away from the area while gaining speed till they where no longer visible. The helicopters pursued but could not keep up. The entire event lasted about 30 minutes or so, probably longer.  My grandmother immediately turned on the TV to see if there was any breaking news about the sighting, but nothing was reported. For the entire week, she followed the news, including the newspapers, but nothing ever came up about the event. I’m sure that whoever was in the helicopters must have been recording the event with video or something. Needless to say, it was an incredible event for my grandmother to witness! ((NUFORC Note:  Time and date are approximate.  PD));40.7423999999998;-74.0325
