A silent triangle close enough to hit with a thrown object;1990-10-17 01:30:00;10 min;A silent triangle close enough to hit with a thrown object This Report has taken this long because my witness was not willing to talk about it. We were fishing on the old Draw bridge in the early morning when we were hit with a spotlight..We thought it was a barge coming up the Intercostal waterway from the south.We started gathering our gear from the draw so as not to hold up the bridgetender from raising the bridge.As the spotlight swept bank to bank we continued fishing,,as we waited for the barge the spotlight came closer and then we realized that this light was from tree level,alot higher than a barge tower. As the light approched the drawbridge almost directly overhead it did not make a sound no noise light now off,,no breese Nothing!!!!!!If we had not of watched this dark triangle come up the river we would of never noticed it. I have always wanted to see a U.F.O. and now that i was looking stright up at the bottom of this thing a calm came over me,We watched this triangle 100 feet above us and just sitting still very dim lights,metalic,triangle shaped.. You have to understand I should of been going nuts ,finally seeing a ufo but no... I could of walked acrossed the bridge and asked the bridgetender to call somebody but no.. The thought never entered my mind.. I remember leaning back on the railing of the bridge and watching my bait swin around the pilings while this silent dark object hovered over my brother in law and me.. As we continued to glance up and to fish the object started assending see it had to clear the High tension wires on the north side of the bridge.. It tripled it's height and whenit cleared the wires it slowly started moving north and then resumed scanning the banks of the river until it disappered around a bend.. We went back to fishing as if nothing had happened.. My witness told me when we were leaving that he never wanted this brought back up and that he never wanted to talk about it,, until now..;29.4732;-81.1319
A very large vertical triangle shape of orange lights slowly moving by until they faded out. Flagler Beach, FL;2012-09-28 21:30:00;5 minutes;A very large vertical triangle shape of orange lights slowly moving by until they faded out.  Flagler Beach, FL Walked outside a seen a large vertical triangle shape of flickering orange lights slowly flying by over the intercoastal waterway about 2000 ft up.  They went about 2 miles and then faded out.  Each light was about a couple hundred feet apart in a perfect vertical shape.  After they faded out another single one came by flying strait across the night sky at the same altitude and faded out around the same area.  Both sets of lights were moving kinda slow.  There were a few nimbus clouds in the back ground but no lightning.;29.4732;-81.1319
Dark Triangular Object Approx 500 ft in width and was NOT a B2. Flagler Beach.;2017-02-03 18:35:00;5-10 minutes;Dark Triangular Object Approx 500 ft in width and was NOT a B2. Flagler Beach. I was on South Flagler Avenue by the Flagler beach police station in my vehicle, it was night time and it was approx. 18:40 hours.  An extremely large black triangular object approached from the South West at approx 5-10mph and was approx 1.5 miles away from my location.  I slowed the vehicle to idle to witness the object.  The object appeared approx 2,500- 4,000 feet in the atmosphere at that time.  At first sight, it appeared that the object was not on a horizontal plane.  It appeared to be on more of a vertical plane.  Upon first sight of this object i noticed 3 lights they appeared similar to butterscotch in color.  The object remained moving towards my location at 5-10mph.  I noticed a vehicle in front of me heading north on Flagler avenue that had stopped to take pictures of the object.  I brought my vehicle to a complete stop and got out of the vehicle and I continued taking photos with my Galaxy Note smart phone. The vehicle behind me heading south, pulled! over on to the right hand side of the road.  The driver got out of the vehicle and appeared to be using a video camera (not a smart phone) and was capturing the object on video.  The left side of the object passed directly above my head at what appeared to be 500-1000ft directly overhead.  At that time, the object appeared to be approx. 500 feet in width and length and on a horizontal plane.  Upon looking up I saw 3 lights that were visible, the lights were on each of the 3 points.  The lights were recessed and cylindrical and did not have an aura.  The light on the north east side, front forward moving, and the North West side, front forward moving were bright white.  The light on the back side of the object or the Southside was blue.  Directly underneath the object, in between the North West side white light and the South side blue light were approx. 15-20 spherical shape impressions on the underside of the object.  The object was dark and the only reason I could tell it was tri! angular was because of the 3 lights, the 15-20 spherical shape! impress ions running in between the two lights.  The object made no sound, no vibration and no other auditory sensory. The object appeared to keep moving at the same 5-10 mph and towards the north east. It did not change speed, vanish, dematerialize or change in any immediate direction velocity remained the same with no immediate changes.  Because I had stopped in the middle of the road and got out of my vehicle, due to oncoming traffic, I needed to get back into my vehicle as to not stop up traffic.  I dropped my phone, picked up the pieces, got in my car and continued heading south on S. Flagler Avenue.  I could see the object during my drive down S Flagler Avenue.  I came to the 7th street stop sign and went east at which that point I lost sight of the object.  I have spent many years at Whiteman Airforce base and have witnessed many B2 Stealth Bombers up close, directly overhead, on take off and on landing.  They have a distinct sound and have a distinct design.  This object was double or triple the size of a B2 Stealth and was definitely NOT a B2 and was NOT any aircraft I have ever seen.  I have photos and if you have photos you can share please send to ((address deleted))@bellsouth.net.  I will also share what I have.;29.4732;-81.1319
Driving towards home, and the lights cuaght my eye. As I looked up, it seemed like I was under a shadow even though it was dark. It was;2017-02-03 19:00:00;5 minutes;Driving towards home, and the lights cuaght my eye.  As I looked up, it seemed like I was under a shadow even though it was dark. It was huge.  Triangular shaped, lights at each end.  I was driving so I stopped, and the people driving in front of me stopped too.  We snapped a couple pics and had to get out of the road.  It lasted about fivd;29.4732;-81.1319
