I could see over the tree line a large object that was disc shape and almost look like a Zeppelin or some type of blimp.;2015-08-05 00:30:00;5 minutes;I was leaving a movie from Lincolnton, North Carolina, Cinemas.  I was following behind my sister in a hybrid vehicle, and she was in a pickup truck.  We were heading down Sommerow Road in Maiden, NC, traveling Northwest toward her home on Seminole Trail Road In Maiden.   My sister continued on home, and to the right of the car, which was north, as I was the passenger, I could see over the tree line a large object that was disc shape and almost look like a Zeppelin or some type of blimp.   At first, I thought it was a blimp and just dismissed it, but then as I look closer, I could tell it was spinning at a rapid rate.  It wasn't much farther above the treeline and must have been less than a quarter of a mile away from me.   The object was approximately the size of what appeared to be a tractor trailer, from end to end, floating in the sky, and it hovered without making any noise.  As we had stopped on the side of the highway to look at the object, our car had made no noise there were no other cars on the highway there were no other of street lamps or any other light sources visible to misconstrue what we were seeing as the driver of the vehicle I was in also Witnessed  The event The object was amber and orange in color and seem to change color Variations as it hovered it seems when it was spinning that they were multi colored lights and I could make out blue are yellow in a red it was slow and then it started to appear to disintegrate as it's fun quickly and then disappeared in a zigzag motion leaving some type of smoke trail that was also zigzag behind it I tried To capture all of this on film and didn't think I was able to catch anything because it was so dark and I was using the camera on my phone. As I was witnessing this object hover in the sky then disappear I was completely surprised yet arrested by what I was seeing because I was not sure what exactly it was I have heard reports of people seeing things in the sky and I've never really believed in any of it until ! I saw what I couldn't describe and I was extremely shocked by ! the size of this object and its close proximity to the tree line and the fact that none of the trees were moving as if being blown by wind and then it was completely inaudible. Just shocking. Also, to mention I'm a guest to this area just visiting Maiden, N.C. from New Jersey!!!!;35.5759;-81.1745000000001
