The bright white light got bigger as it got closer to the back of our car..;1999-08-20 00:00:00;1hour 30 mins;The bright white light got bigger as it got closer to the back of our car.. IN August of 1999 my sister and i were returning from bingo in barrie, ontario at approx 11pm we turned onto klondike rd.a short cut to where we lived in wasaga beach we were talking as usual it was very dark and begining to rain klondike rd is all trees and a huge field it has a small bridge and as we were driving i saw lights going from the bottom of the trees to the top of the trees and (repeat)i finally said to my sister do you see those lights and she said yes yes what are they i said i dont know then i looked back i could see a very bright light my sister seen it in her rear view mirror the light was getting brighter and closer in seconds we were in a toyota celica and it was pretty fast when the large bright light was getting closer i was yelling at my sister to step on the gas but the car wouldent go past 60 mph it was like we were being held back when i looked out of the window,above us was what seemed to be a huge black hole and it was,ent raining out.the next thing we remember is driving on the same road several miles from where we were and it was raining again i asked my sister to pull over when we did there was a smaller light in front of us in the trees as we stared at it it just faded inward and was gone we did,nt speak to each other the rest of the way home this is where things get weird when we entered my house my husband asked what was wrong he said we were pale my dog a german sheppard which we raised from a puppy started growling instead of coming to me he kept backing up and would not come to me my sister just looked at me and said i gotta go bye and my husband and i went to bed when i got undressed he noticed there were two tiny marks on my stomach and i had one on the back of my neck my husband and i talked and decided to go back there in daylight the next day i drove to where it started as we neard the area i began to shake and my husband noticed my nose was bleeding he said he thinks we were abducted iwas 33years old at the time and i dident know nor believe in that sort of stuff we dident tell anyone except talk among ourselves i dont know what happend but i know it happend… ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  Witness indicates that he/she is a student.  PD));44.5185;-80.0201000000001
Double rack of lights over Georgian Bay;2013-04-14 20:30:00;4 hours;Double rack of lights over Georgian Bay April 14 2013 Just as the sun was going down my husband and I noticed some bright lights hanging stationary in the sky over Georgian Bay.  There were like 2 racks of lights, one slightly behind the other, suspended over the lake.  They would stay illuminated, then fade out to nothing, and nothing was in the sky -was still light at that time.  Too high for it to be a boat, and there was no boat anyways.   We decided to go down to the water's edge for a better look, by the time we got there, they blinked out.  Then as we were leaving, they blinked on again.   They've been doing that for 4 hours.  Sometimes it's one rack,  then a second one, fainter,  for 15 minutes, then the faint one fades out, followed by the second more brilliant one, also fades out.  It was a mostly clear sky with some ribbon clouds at the horizon, but clear overhead.  Crescent moon was bright, as was I think Venus, or some star just off to the right of the moon.   One time the lights blinked out,  then when they blinked on they were in a different spot.  They don't move, it's like they are hovering stationary.  When they are illuminated, they appear to be pulsing, not a steady light.  Seems mostly a white light, very bright.  We thought at first it was a helicopter search team or something,  but helicopters would be moving not hangin stationary for 4 hours. My husband filmed it for a few minutes before it blinked out.;44.5185;-80.0201000000001
