It looked like a star at first...;2000-03-13 21:40:00;10 Minutes;It looked like a star at first... I am a Youth Counselor at the Youth Shelter here in town.  I was leaving for work and it was a clear night for a change.  I always look up to the night sky.  I saw a plane off to my right.  Before I continue I would just like to state for the record that I've never had any mental problems nor do I have any now. As I was saying, I was walking to my car.  I live in an apartment complex and each building has four two bedroom apartments in it.  I live alone.  I was the only person outside at the time.  I looked up and I saw this star.  I kept thinking that it sure was pretty.  An off orange or red color.  Well it looked kind of strange, like it was moving which did not make sense.  I told myself I was just seeing things and continued walking.  Once more I thought I saw it move. So I stopped to make sure I wasn't seeing things.  Sure enough it was moving, straight towards my area.  I won't lie.  I got real scared. I wanted to run to my car, which is a Neon Sport-Black.  I knew it was not a plane because just off to the right was a plane and this light was too bright to be a plane.  But I did not run to the car.  I did however walk very fast because it was getting closer and since I was the only one outside I panicked.  My hands were shaking really bad as I tried to unlock my vehicle while I kept my eyes on the thing.  Finally I got the door open and I threw my purse and notebook inside then jumped in.  It took me a moment because I was really shaken up to get the doors all locked and my car started.  I then sat there while my vehicle was warming up and continued to watch the thing.  It changed course going left once I got inside the vehicle.  The light did not change at all in intensity as it went on the new course which further convinced me that this was not the headlights of a plane or helicopter.  It was going at average speed.  I looked away while I put in a CD to calm me down and when I looked back it was gone. I went to work and told my co-worker.  She said that I looked like I had seen a ghost.  And to be honest the experience still shakes me up because in all my life of watching the stars at night I've never seen a thing like this.  And I grew up in Texas where the stars are very bright and un-polluted by light from the city. I'm a 23 year old woman, single, no children with a good job and a nice place to live.  I hope you can make sense out of this because I can't. I was hesitant to tell a co-worker because people that tell stories like this get labelled crazy or insaign and to be honest in my line of work this could get me fired.  Please keep that in mind. Thank you.;40.75;-95.0404
