A Brilliant Blue Light that moved at extreme speeds and moved even faster when aircraft came nearby.;2001-03-25 19:35:00;40 minutes;A Brilliant Blue Light that moved at extreme speeds and moved even faster when aircraft came nearby. The object was a brilliant blue light that moved very, very quickly however stayed within the same area. At one time a red glow flashed from the lower right side of the blue light.  Then appx. 3 sec. later a white glow flashed from the left side of the blue light.  The Blue light seemed to be in the same air space as the airplanes.  This light was very different in movement, color and size of all the airplanes.  Whenever a planed seemed to be getting close to the light it moved very very fast and sparatic, as if it were almost jumping about.  Its movements were very unstable as  in a hovering state.  It would move caddy corner left at extreme speeds, stop and shoot straight back up to where it was to begin with.  Sometimes it would shoot straight up at extreme speed and then return just as quickly  to the same place.  The light was still there when we finally had to leave where we were, we watched it for about 40 minutes.  This night was on Sunday, March 25th, The skies were very clear and you could see stars for miles.  There seemed to be a lot of Air traffic at this time.  The vicinity of the object was:  We were looking approximately  south/southwest from the city of Loganville. ((NUFORC Note:  We presume that there is a typographical error in the time, and we have amended it to read 1935 hrs..  That is an assumed time.  PD));33.878;-83.8923
Blue light/object sighted over rural area just East of Loganville, GA;2006-04-04 01:44:00;5 seconds;Blue light/object sighted over rural area just East of Loganville, GA i was driving home from a friends house early Tuseday morning on 4/4/06 1:44 AM. I was on Bay Creek rd going towards hwy 81 and all the sudden this blue light came from out of nowhere. It weaved left and right. It was too slow to be a falling star and it had control, like maneuvers. It wasn't free falling, it had steady control of itself what ever it was. it went behind some trees and I never saw it again. It got me a bit worked up and I had to pull over my car to get myself back together. Before I was no longer able to see this object, it seemed to be heading in the direction of Bold Springs, a little community north of Loganville, GA.;33.878;-83.8923
Bright White Light, Northeast Georgia;2007-06-26 21:30:00;1 to 2 minutes;Bright White Light, Northeast Georgia On June 26, 2007 at approximately 21:30, my wife and I saw a strange light travel across part of the sky, changing significantly in brightness before fading out.  Sky conditions were clear. Beginning in the East-Northeast sky (from the point I first noticed it) at approximately 60 degrees above the horizon, the light traversed almost 50 degrees, heading South-Southwest before fading out of sight near South. When I saw the light, the brightness appeared to be close to a magnitude 1 star.  Shortly after I made visual contact, it slowly (close to 10 seconds) increased in brightness until it was at perhaps a magnitude of -5, noticeably brighter than Venus in the West.  As soon as it began to brighten, I alerted my wife who was sitting with her back turned to the object.  She also witnessed the brightening, though a few seconds after I did.  I was bright enough that I did not even have to point it out to her. After reaching maximum brightness, it returned to the initial brightness in about 5 seconds, then faded out of sight in the South about 40-50 degrees above the horizon.  The entire sighting lasted less than 2 minutes. My initial reaction that I was very exited about was that I had just seen the International Space Station showing off one of its “flare” phenomenon due to the new huge solar array briefly catching the sunlight.  However, the next day I researched sighting opportunities in my area for the previous night.  The ISS was supposed to be low in the West, heading in a Northerly direction, never reaching more than 20 degrees above the horizon.  This is not even close to what we saw.  I do not know of any other satellite that could produce a reflection that bright.  Based on what I saw, I am certain it was not an airplane – its trajectory placed it opposite the sun, and the light we saw was a reflection of some sort and very likely not artificial, and there was no “flashing” – the light was purely white from our perspective.  There was also no trail behind it, so I also do not think it was a meteor skipping off the atmosphere, but I’m not positive.  I’m not suggesting anything extra-terrestrial.  It was just a strange phenomenon that I have never seen, and cannot explain as I have ruled out my most logical explanations.  Perhaps a rocket stage firing, but we don’t launch rockets from north of Georgia towards the south that I’m aware of, and as I stated before I believe only the ISS is large enough to be that bright and it was not in the vicinity of the sighting.  I’d love any other possible explanations.  I work professionally as a performance analyst and consultant.  I am also an amateur astronomer and a private pilot (though not current).  My wife is an optician.;33.878;-83.8923
Green light seen going across sky heading east;2011-12-03 18:54:00;4 seconds;green light seen going across sky heading east My 12 yearold and I saw a green light flash across the sky heading east on highway 78,entering Loganville,      At around 6:54 pm.  It was for no more than 4 seconds.  We are both sure of what we saw.  Need to know if anyone else reported anything, because the highway had plenty of drivers.;33.878;-83.8923
5 to 7 aircraft in tight, yet scattered formation, with flashing red light, no noise.;2014-01-15 20:15:00;2 minutes;5 to 7 aircraft in tight, yet scattered formation, with flashing red light, no noise. Friend and I were standing on front porch...saw 5 red lights in scattered formation traveling thru night sky.  Another 2 showed up and added to the group.  Very close to each other, red flashing lights only.   No noise.  Never seen anything in the sky like that, ever. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.878;-83.8923
