Roughly 25 triangular foreign objects with red cores all came from the south and dissappeared to the north.;2013-10-25 22:15:00;30 minutes;Roughly 25 triangular foreign objects with red cores all came from the south and dissappeared to the north. Between 15 and 30 triangular shaped objects with a red center light and blue and white flashing lights on the corners.  Not to mention, there was no sound whatsoever, and they were traveling way too fast to be any kind of plane or jet.  Every single one of them came from the south traveling north, coming one at a time.  They all came from the exact same place and went to (and disappeared in) the exact same place.;33.878;-83.8923
Triangular shaped object with 3 bright rectangle lights and one red flashing light.;2014-02-23 20:15:00;3 minutes;Triangular shaped object with 3 bright rectangle lights and one red flashing light. My wife and I were traveling down Baycreek Church Road when we noticed bright light about a half a mile away.  I have traveled this road thousands of times and never noticed any lights there before.   As we got closer we noticed it had three very bright rectangle shaped lights and a flashing red light on the bottom.  We slowed down in amazement and my wife noticed it was barely moving.  It was basically hovering above some trees about 100 to 150 feet above the ground.  It was hovering above trees on the edge of the road.   My wife was actually able to look up at it as we drove by since it was on the passenger side.  At that time I notice warning indicators on my speedometer started to come on and my blinkers wouldn't work.  As my wife looked up at it she notice it was a triangular shaped craft.   I dropped her off at home a few miles away and my electronics started working normally again.  I went back to see if it was still there and it was gone.   Once I returned home we, were outside and saw white trails zigzagged all over the sky similar to what a jet would leave, but these were to low to of been a airplane. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.878;-83.8923
