Intermittent strobe light which appeared to go straight up into the sky similar to recent event near Manhattan Beach on Sept. 21st, 15.;2006-07-15 23:30:00;30 minutes;Intermittent strobe light which appeared to go straight up into the sky similar to recent event near Manhattan Beach on Sept. 21st, 15. I heard Mr. Peter Davenport on Coast to Coast with George Noory speak of an event on Sept. 21st, 2015 near Manhattan Beach, 11:55 pm wherein  people saw flashes of light of unknown origin approx.  1 minute apart.  That reminded me of an event that my wife and I witnessed at our residence in July of 2006. I was out on the back deck, in the dark at approx. 11:30 pm while my dogs were going out before bedtime.  It was very warm that night and the sky was relatively clear.  As I was standing there looking out across the yard, a very bright flash of light, like a camera flash, lit up the yard from above.  My first thought was that it was heat lightening.  There were no sounds whatsoever such as thunder.  About 1 minute later, another flash lit up the yard again from what appeared to be the same relative position in the sky.  The source seemed to be slightly behind the top of a pine tree so I couldn't get a clear view.  After the second time, I stood there and stared at the same spot, trying to see the source of the strobe.  Again, after about 1-2 minutes, the strobe flashed again.  I maneuvered my position in the yard to try to see the source but was unable to see anything in the sky.  After another 1-2 minute interval, a fourth strobe lit up the yard but this time seemed to be at a greater height than the first three because it didn't light up the entire yard like the first three.  At that point, I went inside and got my wife to come out.  Over the next 20 minutes or so, at approximately 1-2 minutes intervals, the light would strobe in the same position in the sky but each strobe was dimmer and dimmer as they progressed as if the source of the strobe were going straight up into the sky.  We stood there and watched the light until it was no longer visible. My wife just commented that it was weird and went back to bed.  I, on the other hand, could not get my mind wrapped around what I'd just witnessed because of several factors.  1.  It stayed in the same location of the sky except for appearing to rise straight up.  2.  I never heard any sound of an engine, thunder, or anything else.  3.  The intensity of the first three strobes were about the same intensity as a bolt of lightening, lighting the entire back yard and surrounding areas as if it were very close, such as around tree-top level. I have been a law enforcement officer for the past 28 years and, through my service, have been exposed to many strobe lights used by public safety.  It was brighter than anything that I'd seen before which also led me to believe that it was relatively close in position.;33.878;-83.8923
Lights looked like constellation of stars, turned into 7 orange lights trailing;2013-08-31 23:02:00;8 minutes;lights looked like constellation of stars, turned into 7 orange lights trailing Driving in car,it became foggy as I drove closer nwar my subdivision, looked up in the sky, at first I thought it was a bright constellation of stars, then I saw a ror trail of orange lights, in a slight circle.;33.878;-83.8923
