3 Air plane shape objects to lowto the ground  to be Manmade  seen over Smithfiled, NC on Feb 27th seen by many.;2013-02-27 20:00:00;15 minutes;3 Air plane shape objects to lowto the ground  to be Manmade  seen over Smithfiled, NC on Feb 27th seen by many at 8:00pm on Feb 27th my son-in-law was working in his barn, he heard a very loud noise outside and come out of the barn to see what was happening, he was suprised by 2 very large plane shaped objects with very bright lights (white and red) just above the trees behind his barn, they were so close to the trees he ran back in the barn because he thought they were going to crash, but they did not. he then come back out to see the crafts glide over the field next to their house, just then there was no noise at all from the crafts. they turned on one side and then turned again to the other side ,the wings were so close to tje ground he knew they could not be anything man made,  my son-in -law then ran into the house to tell my daughter what he was seeing but she had ran to the front pourch because she had heard the very loud noise too , they both watch their neighbors come out side to see what what was going on too. as they stood there watching these 2 air plane shaped objects there was another loud noise and there was another large air plane shape object joining the other 2 in the field . they could not have been any kind of air planes we make because they were very low to the ground and making no noise that this time at all  . they were so scared my daughter called me to come see these crafts . I jumped in my truck and headed over to their house . I had my niece with me and I told to to watch the sky as I drove over to there hoouse which was about 10mins away from mine ,my daughter called me on my cell phone and said they were moving away from their house and headed back toward 70 hwy which was thwe road I was on , I told my niece to keep looking as I drove as quick as I could , my daughter said you should be able to see thme they are huge , but beacuse ot the trees and the head lights on the cars meeting me I only could see some lights in the distance in the sky toward whetre they live,by the time I got there the air was filled with Jets from the air force base in Goldsboro, they kept circling around and around the area for about an hour , we kelp looking but could not see anything but jets in the air . I told ny daughter next time to docment it with a pic or video , she said she was to scare to go get it I told her we need proof of these sighting , the 11pm news on wral reported of lights being seen over Smithfield & Selma that night , but nothing more has been said about the sighting at all, we would like more coverage of these sighting;35.5092000000002;-78.3495999999997
Large plane shape crafts no sound just a humm;2018-10-26 22:30:00;5 minutes;Large plane shape crafts no sound just a humm My husband and I had just lay down, had only been in bed for a little bit we heard a humming sound coming from outside not a loud humm a low humm.  I got out of bed and went to to the window and looked out to see if I could see what was making the noise.  I looked in the sky and saw a very large plane shape craft very low over the trees and moving very very slow, the craft was not moving as fast a planes do around here. I told my husband to go with me outside, so we went out on our front porch, all we could see was a dark out line of the craft, no lights at all and then we looked across there was another plane shaped craft with lights along the wings but not round lights these were like squares patches of lights very bright.  The crafts made only the humming noise no loud plane noises like all the planes that fly across our house from Semore Johnston air force base in Goldsboro always do . We watched the crafts fly low and slow  in the sky one no lights at all and the other with light square on the wings only till the went out of sight heading north toward Rockymont, NC.  Then after they went out of sight my husband went back inside I stood there for a few minutes just watching the sky and  then here came a huge red light round and fast it was out of sight in just a second . I would really like to know what these things are and what the heck is going on, can someone please tell us. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information, so we are unable to communicate with her.  PD));35.5092000000002;-78.3495999999997
