Dear Pete, December 09,2008 My brother told me he saw a wing fly-over very low. I suspec;1998-06-01 14:00:00;1 minute or less;December 09,2008  Dear Pete,   My brother told me he saw a wing fly-over very low.  I suspect it was a military stealth bomber.  Also i suspect many UFO's are in fact real.  They are U.S. military. Including experimental craft. I suspect an airborne craft, PROBABLY MILITARY, EMPLOYING A  laser beam and a computer could do great crop circles in an English wheat field. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides little contact information.  I doubt that a laser beam could be used to cause a standing crop to be pressed down against the soil, as is often seen to be the case in instances of genuine crop formations.  PD));36.7251;-91.8719
MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  Three differant lights in the sky…;2004-04-14 20:30:00;10 minutes;Three differant lights in the sky... Three differant lights in the sky, each were flashing lights blinking quick, size of lights apart must been a mile they moved quick, light would disappear then move then appear in differant spot then one big orange light flashed it was still not moving then it ended after the orange light then a plane came racing towards the area in the sky were the objects had been it showed just how big the objects and the lights were compared to the plane probally 20 times the size it was a clear night live on a farm it was an unexplainable sight..the best way to explain the lights were like blinking christmas lights..  The preceeding report was submitted to the Missouri Investigators Group at ufomig.com. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitudet to Jason Jacobsen, and the Missouri Investigators Group, for submitting this report.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD);36.7251;-91.8719
