A huge,  bright , glowing light was seen in the sky above the hills of our property, making no sound whatsoever....;2000-01-15 22:00:00;10 minutes;A huge,  bright , glowing light was seen in the sky above the hills of our property, making no sound whatsoever.... It was a Wednesday evening, approximatly 10 pm, when me and my 4 children were driving home from church services.  We live about 3 miles off the main highway, on a one lane country road, which is very curvy and hilly. As I turned off the main highway, I noticed, far away in the sky above the hills a bright light. I didn't think anything of it at that moment. As I was driving down our road home, going around curves, up and down some small hills, I still noticed this bright light. It was in the northeast sky. As I neared our home, going down this one particular straight stretch of the one lane road, I noticed this same light, brighter than ever before, right above the hill line, right above our property.  It was 10 times larger and brighter than when I had first seen it, turning off the main highway, 3 miles away. As I pulled down our driveway, our pet dogs ran in front of my van, barking, yelping and acting scared to death.  I could not see this light from the bottom of the driveway because we live down in a narrow holler, but I did see it still hovering over the trees BEFORE pulling down the long steep driveway.  When I got out of the van, I noticed no sound whatsoever. I thought maybe the light was a helicopter hovering. But, I heard no sound. It was deathly silent all around, except for our dogs. I told the kids to quickly get out of the car and run to the house. When we all hopped out, the dogs started running around and around our home, barking, looking up at the sky. When I mean running around our home, that is exactly what they were doing. They were running at breakneck speed, in circles around the home. They may have circled around our home 3 or 4 times, all the while barking and yelping. After making sure my kids were safe inside, I opened the door to look out to see if I could see anything.  The dogs were there, right against the door, and when I opened it, they ran inside. Now, my 2 dogs are outside dogs and NEVER come inside.  This was very unusual behavior for them.  I couldn't get them back out the door. They layed down in the floor and whined and cried when I tried to get them back outside. I ended up letting them stay inside for awhile till they calmed down. Whatever it was went away. But, several months later, in the local newspaper someone had wrote in the Vent Line, asking if anyone else saw the bright light above the hills in the vicinity of Hurricane/Milton area on the very same night my family saw the light. So we are not the only one's to see it.… ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.4167;-82.1488
Two lights collided and made one. They shot off like in star trek.;2000-12-06 20:00:00;1 minute;Two lights collided and made one. They shot off like in star trek. My brother and I had just quit hunting and were walking back to the car. We stopped by a lake to rest when I just happened to look up. I was pointing out constellations when I saw a dull light moving in a straight line across the sky. I dismissed it as a plane when my brother saw another on and joked about how it could be a UFO. I pointed out the one I spotted out to my brother and as they moved closer together, we noticed they were on a collision course! My brother kept repeating, They're gonna hit, they're gonna hit, they're gonna hit, getting louder each time he said the phrase. When they did hit it appeared that they either combined or one destroyed the other. There was a flash of light about twice the brightness of either one, and it, or them, started flying 90 degrees a little faster this time. My brother ran up a hill to see over the tree tops and his mouth dropped. He said, They just shot off! After he came back down he said that after about five seconds the lights were really bright and shot off in a 11 o'clock direction, like star trek.;38.4167;-82.1488
Bright light (no meteor) crossed the sky from horizon to horizon in less than one minute.;2006-11-01 22:00:00;<1 minute;Bright light (no meteor) crossed the sky from horizon to horizon in less than one minute. My husband and I were out on the deck looking at the sky, when a very bright light (no tail--was not a meteor, comet or a regular aircraft), crossed the sky over us from horizon to horizon in less than a minute.   No way any man-made craft could travel that fast.  Even my husband (a devout skeptic) agreed that we had seen something not of normal earth-bound creation. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.4167;-82.1488
24 strange lights in sky for 16 minutes.;2013-09-02 00:55:00;16 minutes;24 strange lights in sky for 16 minutes. Two witnesses saw 24 strange lights cross over town in a time span of 16 minutes.  They contacted local air port which informed them that there were only 2 aircraft on radar at that time.  These events were video recorded by one of the witnesses using his iPhone.  I can get you the video.;38.4167;-82.1488
Bright orange lights came from south moving north in groups, 1 after another.;2014-04-12 20:00:00;1 minute (each light);bright orange lights came from south moving north in groups 1after another In West Virginia about 5 miles south of Milton on big 2 mile rd Saturday evening 4-12-14 between 8pm and midnight I saw 10-12 bright orange lights in the sky from the south moving to the north.  It was by far the brightest thing n the sky other than the moon.  The Saturday before that I had seen 3 of them just after sunset moving east to west.  I really didn't think much of it then until my brother witness the ones I saw on Saturday 12th.  My brother who is a pilot that flies a personal jet would know these kinda things, I looked at him and said what the hell is that?  He could give me an answer.   The first set there were 3 spaced out evenly pretty much moving in a line and followed by two more lights whHih were side by side each other moving in the same direction and about the same speed as the first 3 lights but at the last second the two objects (lights) crossed each other path.  It really freak me out.  The best thing of it all, I got that on video.  Think God now people won't think I'm crazy.  And as for all the other lights I saw pretty much came n groups.  If you would like to see the video let me know I'll try and send it to ya.  Do you think these lights are to do with the gov. or are they UFO.  Please tell me what you think. Really like to know. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.4167;-82.1488
