Star-looking object beneath the clouds stopping and starting;2009-06-10 01:10:00;5 minutes;Star-looking object beneath the clouds stopping and starting Looking into the sky almost directly southwest of my location I noticed a far away object that resembled a large star or planet- not terribly different looking from the appearance of Venus under good conditions.  The sky was fairly overcast at the time of sighting and the object appear in front of very thick clouds indicating it was not any form of celestial body.  The object was completely stationary for a short period of time but started moving West.  The movement was slow and first then the object proceeded to accelerate  and slow again somewhat sporadically.  The movement was unlike any aircraft I've seen.  The movement was not perceived based on the movement of clouds I was tracking it solely based on it's position relative to the moon.  After moving for approximately thirty seconds to one minute it stopped again and was completely stationary.  As soon as it stopped, I went inside to get my phone and look up the number for the hotline.  I place the call less than two minutes later and it was still visible and still stationary.  The object was perceived to be at the same altitude as the clouds as it would disappear under very heavy cloud coverage although it still shone bright even in lower cloud coverage that blocked most of the light from the moon.  As heavier clouds moved by it, I saw for a split second what could have been a second object that appeared slightly further West and visually lower than the first.  I was not exposed to the second object to rule out the possibility of it being a celestial body however I do not recall seeing it in clear skies as I did the first.;33.549;-111.9567
We saw four UFOs pass over our heads they were moving mostly east and a bit north.  They seemed to be following each other.  Orange cir;2012-05-21 21:20:00;12 seconds;We saw four UFOs pass over our heads they were moving mostly east and a bit north.  They seemed to be following each other.   Orange circular glows with no other visible shape based on vantage point.   No sound was heard as they passed over.  Sighting did not last long due to our vantage point between buildings.  Eerie experience!;33.549;-111.9567
4 UFOs heading West orange glow moving in formation;2012-05-21 21:20:00;10 seconds;4 UFOs heading West orange glow moving in formation Heading East from West 4 orange UFOs traveled overhead no sound...very eerie;33.549;-111.9567
Around 7:30 p.m. on September 14, 2015, one of my daughters and I decided to head-out for a walk with our dog.  Literally within 3 mi;2015-09-14 19:31:00;5 minutes;Around 7:30 p.m. on September 14, 2015, one of my daughters and I decided to head-out for a walk with our dog.  Literally within 3 minutes, a storm came from nowhere.  As hard rain began to fall and the high winds caused all the trees around us to bend, we all turned back and headed for home. Upon our arrival home, my daughter and I ran into our home drenched.  Laughing, we ran into my husband who had been watching t.v.  We tell him to run and look outside.  It’s incredible how strong the winds are!  Just as he looks outside, my other daughter phones me and she sounds frightened over the phone.  “Mom, I’m scared…you won’t believe what I’m about to tell you.   As I drove home I saw a light I’ve never seen before.  It was a green/blue light that lit up the entire sky, but as it lit up the sky I felt a weird sensation in the car”.  She tells me she is out front of our home but too scared to get out of the car.  We open the door and just as I run to assist her out of the car, a greenish blue light electrified the Arizona sky with a sound that I can only describe as if a live wire hit water.  This light was seen 4 times in a 5 minute period. Although this storm didn’t last very long, the damage was quite severe.  As an Arizona Native for 49 years, I’ve never witnessed such a storm.  Later that evening I decided to catch the news as I was certain they would report what this green bluish light was.  There was nothing!  I immediately went to Google to see if anyone had witnessed what we did.  Sure enough, there were several stories posted.  One in particular caught my attention.  A gentlemen was on the outskirts of Arizona standing outside of his home when he saw something green.  What he described was something quite large in the shape of a ball with blue fire behind it. Another person who was on a military base said he and 2 other gentlemen witnessed this green lightening in the sky.  But they go on to say that they saw an object flying.  It didn’t have the regular white and red lights.  They said there were strange blue lights.  That this object gave off short circuits and arc sounds. The next morning, I called a friend to see if she saw any of this.  Unfortunately, she didn’t see anything as she was inside working.  So, I go back on Google to read her these stories I saw and read last night.  Oddly, I couldn’t find any of the stories I had read.  Not one!  Is it possible that someone removed all these?  I read these stories to my husband the night before…where are they now? It’s odd to me that suddenly I cannot find anything I read on Google that relates to what we witnessed.  Is it possible that these stories were removed?  By whom and why?  Our local news never reported any such sightings.  But I can tell you that both my girls spoke with co-workers who did witness the green lighting and the arc sounds. The United States seems to be having strange storms occurring, tsunami’s, earthquakes, etc….are these caused by UFO’s or our own Government, but something strange is definitely going on…;33.549;-111.9567
