Bright flash, then round ball moves slowly across sky, does quick button hook, followed by 180 degree turn, heads NE, disappears.;2015-08-23 03:30:00;5-10 minutes;Bright flash, then round ball moves slowley across sky ,does quick button hook , followed by 180 degree turn, heads NE disappears Approximately 3:30 am on 8-23-2015, Sunday Morning, Paradise Valley, Arizona, I work as a Protection Specialist (bodyguard) for a wealthy family that lives at the base of Camelback Mountain in Paradise Valley, Arizona.  Currently I work the night shift and conduct night patrols around the perimeter of the property.  Here in Arizona the desert nights are very still with a sky that is crystal clear, the stars are amazing.  It’s so quiet that I hear the small desert rats rustling in the low lying bushes as I walk by them.  I have even walked up upon a bobcat stretched out on a nearby wall. Sunday morning, I was about half way finished with my patrol.  I was walking down a path on the side of the house and had my flashlight out shining it into a dark corner of the house. Right then, a bright flash from above caught my attention.  The strange thing was that I only saw the flash with my left eye as if something was trying to get my attention, although nothing lit up around me.  Another strange occurrence was that I knew to look straight up into the sky.  The light caused the hairs on the back of my neck to instantly rise up. I stopped and looked straight up to see a round bright ball of light above me.  After looking at it for about 30 seconds it disappeared, then moved to the right and lit up again. It was moving slow and methodical.  It was going way to slow to be a falling star or satellite.   As I watched this thing move, it was as if I was trying to talk myself out of what I was witnessing.  When it would reappear it looked as if it was falling a bit and then would stop.  I served in Iraq and Afghanistan, where I have witnessed flares, and this was not a flare, but when it would appear it looked like it was falling like a flair, then would stop, stay still then go dark and move to the northeast.   During the entire time of watching it, I tried to convenience myself that it was something I could explain, until I watched it do something very peculiar. After observing the object for about 5 minutes while it moved slowly to the Northeast towards Fountain Hills, it did a button hook maneuver to the left and headed in the opposite direction of travel.  Almost instantly after the button hook, it conducted another 180 degree turn just as fast and headed towards the Northeast again.  I watch it for about another 2 minutes and then it disappeared. It was something I could not explain.   To remind you this was the area of the famous Phoenix lights.  Camelback Mountain was a prime observation point for people here in the Valley that witnessed the Phoenix lights.  I’m convinced that I witnessed a UFO from another world, or some sort of secret government aircraft.;33.549;-111.9567
