4:45am driving to work and got right under it to study,3 lights in a triangle, starting flying away when I started studing it;2005-02-17 04:45:00;2 mins;4:45am driving to work and got right under it to study,3 lights in a triangle, starting flying away when I started studing it I was driving to work at 4:45 am and saw these two lights from maybe a mile away. Getting closer i realized that these lights were not moving or blinking.  So I new it was not a plane.  When I got to where I needed to turn to go to work I pulled into the parking lot where the aircraft was hovering.  Then when looking at the ship closer and trying to get a better understanding of it, it started flying away from me. It didnt fly to fast but quick enough to get from where I was.  There was no noise and there were 3 lights on it in a triangle form.  It didnt disappear just maybe went about 5 miles easst of where I was, and got there in maybe 20 sec. Then I had to go to work before I was late. Creepy and weird.  I believe it to be nothing else but a ufo.;33.549;-111.9567
At approximately 1:30 am while smoking a cigarette in my back yard, movement high up in the atmosphere caught my eye.;2012-10-21 01:30:00;10-15 seconds;At approximately 1:30 am while smoking a cigarette in my back yard, movement high up in the atmosphere caught my eye.  At this time I winessed a triangle shaped object (Arrow shaped)with 1 light at the point and 2 lights on each side of the craft moving from almost due north at a very high rate of speed to south over Phoenix.  Approximately 1/3rd through the sighting, a gold colored orb approached from the east, approach the arrow shaped craft completing a circle around the craft, at which time neither slowed or changed course, after the circle was made the gold &quotOrb&quot contimued on west at a high rate of speed.  while the arrow shaped craft continued south. immediately after the orb started west I went for my binoculars inside, by the time i was entering the hounse the arrow went past horizon. Horizon to Horizon was approx 15-20 second.  The arrow craft appeared to be at an extreamely high altitude or was extremely fast as it only took 15-20 seconds to pass horizon to horizon.  I did not get any pictures of this, but I am a sky watcher and have pictures along with video of other sightings. My Professional background ranges from military electronic systems, sales and development of guidance systems for programs such as Tomohawk, aim9x, sidewinder, tow,and the Phallanx program.  With companies such as Raytheon and EGG  My parents were both military electronics engineers, and mother work on the Apollo missions from JPL in Pasadena CA. After several years I left the industry and became a regional/area security manager for the company Nordstroms.  I was a Loss Prevention, risk management and safety manager for 7 years.  In that time I arrested over 200 people, appeared in court, wrote many legal reports.  Since my time at Nordsrtoms I have owened a construction company along with many different small businesses. I have several other incidents from recent and several very scary incidents from my childhood and am willing to give specifics.;33.549;-111.9567
