Sighting of very fast object near Grants Pass, OR  that made strange moves, and was pursued by jets.;2002-06-09 23:30:00;2 minutes;Sighting of very fast object near Grants Pass, OR  that made strange moves, and was pursued by jets. My 22 Year-old son and I were on a camping vacation, and were staying at a KOA campground a few miles south of Grants Pass, OR on the highway to Crescent City, CA It was a totally clear night, and dark enough to plainly see the Milky Way.  My son turned the northwest and said, Look at that light!  I turned to look, and I saw a oval-shaped cream or beige colored light moving from the northwest to the southwest. It was about 20 degrees to the left of being directly overhead.  It also appeared to be the size of 5 to 10 average stars, and as bright as Venus at a close approach to earth. It was moving in a straight line and moving much faster than a satellite.  We saw it coming toward us, pass us and move away from us, and there was no tail or trail whatsoever.  During the time we watched it, its outline remained highly defined. After it passed us and traveled some distance away from us, it suddenly accellerated and moved rapidly forward and to the side at the same time.  It made a scallop-shaped trajectory somewhat like tracing the fingers of a glove.  At the top of the third finger it instantaneously disappeared. My son and I sat down and compared impressions of what we had just seen, and they were almost exactly the same.  While we were talking, and approximately 5 to 10 minutes after the sighting, several (5 to 10) jets flying without navagation lights, but with afterburners on came from the northwest along the same path the light had traveled.  When they reached the approximate spot where the object had accellerated and began the strange sideways movements.  They broke and buzzed the general area for a short time, then left. The incident left me with several impressions, but no facts to back them up.  I believe the object was very high in the upper atmosphere.  I also believe that a human being could not have lived through the movements this object made just before it disappear, and the speed was so great that the pursuit jets had no chance of even keeping with with this object. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.4576877358494;-123.346973584905
Flickering orange oval hovering over Grants Pass, OR.;2011-05-03 21:00:00;5 minutes;Flickering orange oval hovering over Grants Pass, OR At about 9:00 or 9:30, my mother and I were heading home after visiting my sister who lives in the area.  A few minutes later we were on the highway driving west. I was in the passenger seat and looked out the side window at the buildings and houses spanning the side of the small valley.  That’s when I saw a small white but translucent oval or spherical object in the sky.  As I looked at it a little bit longer an orange flicker began to appear and get bigger inside of the object, which I first took as a fire, but then realized as I watched that it was not burning and looked more like sequenced flashing lights. As I was watching the object, I was describing it to my mother, who was unable to witness it because she was driving. When the lights were flickering or flashing, the shape became more apparent and looked a bit like this: The bottom appeared to be rounded, but fatter than the top, kind of like an egg. There was a horizontal line that looked like it opened to the inside, in the sense that the lights looked brighter there, in that bar it was pure dark fire orange and black. Above and below that horizontal bar or line the color looked different, it was obscured and looked as it does when someone holds a piece of plain white printer paper close enough to a flame that it blocks the view of the flame, but you can still see the color and flickering through it. At that point I was thinking that maybe it was a project or something that someone was doing, floating a small paper object using a candle to make hot air and all that and I was asking my mom if that was possible. After a few seconds of discussing that with my mom, I observed something that erased all doubt in my mind and confirmed to me that this was indeed a UFO. What I observed was the object suddenly jetted westward a short distance, then jetted eastward, stopped and wobbled for maybe a second at the most and then jetted north and upwards so fast that I completely lost sight within a second. I continued to exclaim to my mom what had happened as I opened my window to see if I could hear anything. I heard nothing but our car on the road, surely if this was an airplane it would have made some sort of noise going that fast, but there was none, and if there was it was quiet. This all happened in an approximate time length of 5 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));42.4576877358494;-123.346973584905
Red, white and blue flashing oval shaped light moving west to south east in the the southern Oregon sky.;2015-08-19 21:00:00;~3 minutes;red, white and blue flashing oval shaped light moving west to south east in the the southern Oregon sky. This event accrued last night 8/19/2015, at approximately 2100.  I was sitting in my hammock facing south.  I happened to look at the sky toward the west when I noticed a white looking light moving west to southeast.  I first thought it was just a satellite, but then I noticed it was slowing down and speeding up.  It also began to flash red, blue, and white lights.  It appeared to be around the size comparable to what a star would look like with the naked eye maybe a little bigger.   It continued to move across the sky from west to southeast and then it stopped in the southeastern sky.  When it stopped the flashing of the blue, red and white lights began to be more prominent.  While it was stopped I grabbed my phone and began taking a video.   The light stayed in the same spot for around 2 minutes.  It then began to slowly move out of sight in the southeastern sky. As I watched the video over and over again last night pausing and looking and some of the still frames, it appeared to have a ban of light with darker spots above and below the lights.;42.4576877358494;-123.346973584905
