3-4 round red disappearing lights in a curved pattern , suggesting the origin of the lights is disk shaped.;2005-10-08 22:00:00;one minute or so;3-4 round red disappearing lights in a curved pattern , suggesting the origin of the lights is disk shaped. Me and my ma were coming to our motel from our house...and we were on the road to the motel when I saw 3 huge red lights that were kind of curved (suggesting where they were coming from was a disc shape) really close to a car wash building.  It was wayyy too close to be a plane and plus planes have blue lights...and then I said Ma whats that?  And shes like where?  And I said those lights, over there… Somehow I knew it wasn't a plane and not a sign or anything, I just kinda knew it was a UFO.  Then the 2 outermost red lights disappeared and the middle one remained.   So I tell my mom to park our car in the parking lot already so I can get out and look..I was about to get out and was looking at the reamining middle light thru the window when it kind of just disappeared suddenly. It was almst exactly 10:00 PM.  2nd sighting, the next night: (also 10:00PM)  Same place and time.  They looked pretty much the same except I think a bit smaller and some of the lights looked like they were falling?  This time when they disappeared, I belive it was more random.  3rd sighting, the next night: Same place, different time. It was 10:30-ish.  We were pulling up and there they were.  You see them from a distance, but when you get closer, you cant see them anymore, but they dont vanish because we pulled around the highway and drove back down the road to look at them again and they were still visible from a distance.  This time there was about 4 lights I'd say, and they were higher up (so their smaller) and still red.  When you get closer, the outermost lights disappear first and then the middle ones.  I'm pretty sure its a UFO now because I saw it very clearly last night and I have no idea what it coulda been def not a sign because its the same lights but like 10x higher up than the first time I saw them. I saw it veryyy clearly, and it looks just like the UFOs you imagine aliens come in. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly not a serious report, but we cannot be certain.  PD));52.9778;-122.4996
