Interaction with 1 of 3 objects in the direction of Wright Patterson AFB.;1995-08-01 00:00:00;30 minutes;Interaction with 1 of 3 objects in the direction of Wright Pat Air Force base In the summer of 1995/1996 (unsure of exact year), I worked until 11:30 PM in a city 30 minutes from my home, which was west of my job.  For three weeks, myself and many coworkers (several of us from the same home town worked at the same place at the time) noticed three lights moving in set patterns west of our work. These lights could be seen from a number of roads, including Interstate 70. The three lights moved in distinct, elongated circular patterns.  Looking out of the windshield of my car: on the left side of my view, light #1 moved up & down towards the horizon and back up while light #2 moved right to left, low along the horizon.  The odd thing about light #2 was that while you could track it visually moving right to left, once it turned around to head back towards the right, it would disappear and almost instantaneously re-appear on the right side of my field of view to continue the slow track left. It repeated this pattern. Light #3 mirrored light #1 with two exceptions: 1) it was on the right side of my field of view and 2) when it crested the top of its pattern, it appeared to get bigger while it traveled down towards the horizon.   As it got closer to the horizon, it would get smaller. I assumed this to mean that, as it got bigger, it was coming towards me. Because of this assumption, I decided to try to get its attention. 	During one clear, warm night on the drive home, every time I would turn towards the lights, I would flash my hi-beams at them.  This went on for about 15-20 minutes.  As I did this, I noticed light #3 seemed to get larger and larger every time it reached the top of its cycle.  As my drive took me through the more rural area of my home and my work, I pulled off the side of the road, stopped, and continuously flashed my hi-beams. 	While lights #2 & #1 continued their cycles, light #3 continued coming towards me.  Leaving my car running, hi-beams, lights and radio on (done purposefully to see if this “thing” would interfere with my car’s electronics) I stood as this object flew over my car. 	The object was dark (black or blue?) and shaped light a tear drop laying on its side with the pointed end assuming to position of its “tail.”  It also had 2 wing-like structures swept back at an extreme angle.  Each wing had yellow circles along the leading edge which I thought looked like port holes.  At the end of each wing, and on the rounded end of the object (which I assumed was its “nose”) was a pale yellow light, each shining down to the ground (like a spot light) though never actually reaching the ground that I could see. 	I anticipated the object to be 100-200 feet above my car, and about 50 feet across tip to tip (though I can’t swear by these dimensions).  As this was a calm, clear, moon lit night, there were no clouds or wind, but the object slowly drifted over the top of my vehicle – no sound of any kind and no interruption in my car’s electronics.  As it got about 2/3 the way over the top of my car, I looked back towards the other lights to see what they were doing. There was no change in their patterns.  As I turned around to look back at this object, it was gone. No sound, no trace, no clouds to hide behind. Just gone.  Again, the sky was clear – no winds, no clouds and an almost full moon which was bright enough to create shadows.  As I finished the drive home that night, I never saw light #3 return. 	For the next 4-5 days, though I was never able to get any further response from them, the 3 lights continued their pattern.  Then, less than a week later, these light disappeared and never returned while I lived/worked in that area.  I realized a couple years later, after doing some research, that these lights appeared in the direction of Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton Ohio…  	Alien craft?  Government spy blimp?   I make no claims that this was (or wasn’t) an extraterrestrial craft.  I only am attesting to what I experienced. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));39.9069;-83.4445999999999
