A blue object with circular flashes around it, and a soft hum.;2012-05-06 22:00:00;15-20 minutes;a blue object with circular flashes around it, and a soft hum. I went out fishing last night on the Kankakee River and miles off into the distance I could see a pretty severe storm moving southeast.  Within about 30 minutes the storm was about 10 miles from me with huge clouds billowing over, it was about this time 22:00 I noticed a very dull blue oval/ circular object just sitting there beyond the clouds and lightning...  I kept my eyes fixated on the object hoping that lightning would strike and help illuminate the object so I could see it better.  The odd thing was that this is the middle of the night, the object was not bright but it was distinctly blue in the night sky, almost like some kind of aurora... every time lightning would flash the object disappeared for about 1 minute and then returns to the same location in the sky.  It moved from left to right. after the object had been sitting there in the sky stationary for about 5 minutes lightning started crashing everywhere as the storm got closer to where I was at, bu! t this time I could still see the object, it never disappeared... this may sound crazy but then things got uncomfortably weird for me, being that I’ve had a sighting about 2 and a half years ago in Monticello Indiana.  But anyways, lightning started crashing around this object only though it was lightning I have never seen in my entire life.  The bolts that would flash were a nearly perfect cylindrical shape, no thunder at the time and minimal wind. after this circular flashes it appeared if the blue object had almost double it original size, yet still sitting there almost as if it had slowly transformed... these weren’t like average lightning strikes because the never went down and they never went up, just these circular flashes. By now the storm is starting to get bad but the object still remains, intrigued and wanting to continue to watch out I sit out there for about another 10 minutes still seeing these circular lightning bolts, my best description of the lightning wou! ld be that it was a fire orange color and when it'd flash it w! as like an outline of a circle... the object eventually became its original size again about the size of an apple if you were holding it out in front of your face.. As I was packing up all my belongings to head inside I started to hear a humming sound, it wasn’t loud, a soft subtle hum. I looked back to the sky and I didn’t see the blue object anymore just 2-3 more of those circular lightning bolt” things, or whatever they were... I kept hearing these weird noises till around 2am in the morning, these humming sounds and a few other sounds I can’t quite describe… it was very bizarre and left me feeling very uncomfortable… I’m not sure why because things like this I’ve always had a high degree of interest in, and when I had my first sight back in Monticello it was exhilarating absolutely amazing, but this time.. This time gave me a sense of worry. i will do my best to illustrate what i saw and send that in an e-mail.;41.0485;-87.6615
