Fast moving objects racing across florida sky;2004-09-28 14:00:00;20 sec.;Fast moving objects racing across florida sky I was at work at the time. I had just sit down on my 2:00 p.m. break. Due to all the hurricanes we have been recently experiencing, I guess I was just looking in the sky,looking at the clouds. What I saw appeared to be one object moving at a tremendous speed alot faster than any plane Ive seen.It looked to be far away up high. Then it went behind a cloud, when it came back out of behind the cloud.(I would like to say to when I say clouds it was way beyond the cloud) It accelarrated very fast and split in to two different directions then disappeared. I guess it could have been some kind of military aircraft. No telling what high tech stuff we have now(secrectly).;28.2092114130438;-81.6139625000001
Domed Disc in the skies of Davenport, FL 9/24/2011;2011-09-24 22:30:00;1min -2min (total line of;Domed Disc in the skies of Davenport, FL 9/24/2011 I live in Davenport, FL, only a few miles from Walt Disney World Resort.  On Saturday, September 24, 2011 we had family arrive in town for their vacation.  That night we all went down to Downtown Disney to shop, eat, and have a good time.  Our evening was cut short by one of the worst lightning storms I have ever seen.  I have only lived in Florida just over a year but I am accustomed to Florida’s storms and how fast they can come on, so we hustled our group back to our cars expecting a bad thunderstorm. Our group consisted of me 35, my husband 40, my Aunt 56, 2 female cousins 32 and 28, my 2 daughters 12 and 8, my cousins’ children 17, 13, 10, 8, 5 & 5. We divided this group of 13 between a minivan and my car.   As we leave, and are safely in our vehicles, we see a bolt of lightning in the distance that was so strong and bright that my husband and I joke, That’s some War of the Worlds lightning! referring to the sci-fi moving about extra-terrestrials starring Tom Cruise.  It did not rain on us though, just more lightning and wind. My cousin, who was driving the minivan, with my Aunt, and a bunch of the kids, decides she will follow us because she does not know the way back to our place and it will be easier for her.  We take the Champion’s Gate exit and turn onto Ronald Reagan Pkwy, as we are at the first light we see something hovering low in the air that is disc shaped with a domed top and some sort of panel type lights that are white and sort of blink in a rapid, circular/rotational, succession around the dome giving the feeling of animated movement (think carnival lights, but bright and not colorful and of course large, that is the only thing I can think of for the movement).  This object was so low and bright, completely still and something to look at, I immediately thought that this was some sort of attraction which is typical in Central Florida.  I yell to my husband and kids, and my cousin, What is that? A blimp?!  What is that?!”  We are all looking and cannot believe our eyes!  This thing was hovering, not tethered and no one was around. It became clear this was not an attraction of any sort.  I felt like I was going to throw up. I could not believe what we were seeing!  Instead of taking a pic on my cell phone (I could kick myself now) I hurriedly call the cell phone of my cousin who was in the minivan immediately behind us at the light. I scream into the phone, Oh my god!  Do you see…  and before I can get it out my Aunt yells back, What is that?!  Oh my gosh!   We are all in an uproar in both vehicles, staring in disbelief and trying to come to grips with what we are seeing.  The object slowly hovers a short distance as we continue to stare and try to make sense of what we are seeing and burn it into our memory, then ZOOM the object moves (to the southwest)away faster than I have ever seen anything move. We proceed through the light trying to keep it in our sight. We can see by the band of lights (which windows immediately struck me, not sure why) that this thing banked hard like a saucer of in the distance, because the band of lights appeared diagonal in the sky.  Next thing we know it was out of sight. Please keep in mind that this all happened within the time span of a red traffic signal, seconds or a minute at most and the few seconds after that it remained in our line of sight.  I know this sounds unbelievable. We called my other cousin and her husband, who live only 3 miles from where we were and less than a quarter mile from my home, and told them what we saw.  We were all freaking out! She and her husband immediately go out and scan the skies and tell us they see nothing but a few helicopters or planes (I’m sorry I don’t remember which she said) with search lights on. As we drove home, about 1/8th mile from the sighting 2 police or sheriffs cars were parked on the side of the street facing out towards the street (taking a break or talking, I thought).  We wondered if they had seen anything.   Every one of us including the littlest experienced this together. We talked about it the rest of the night and how we will never forget this.  However, how do you convince yourself what you saw was real?  I know what I saw and  it was amazing and unexplainable, yet my mind keeps telling me I am crazy and I keep asking everyone are you sure we actually saw that?  Of course I know we did. It was so close and too real to deny it.  This happened to us, and I don’t know why but I feel like maybe I have gone a little insane or that something is wrong with us all.  How can we believe our own eyes?   I must admit that I am surprised by this reaction in myself, because I always said that I believe in UFO sightings but when I see one with my own eyes I cannot believe it.  Please tell me I am not crazy! 13 people don’t just see the same unexplained thing!   I searched for any UFO sightings in FL on the internet that night.  Found nothing specific.  This is not a hoax and I am not a flaky person (neither is my family). I cannot tell you if anyone besides my family in our 2 separate cars saw this at that intersection.  All of ours eyes were upward and with all of the freaking out I must say that I was not looking at much else.  Plus my husband was driving, and as he proceeded through the light and on the rest of our trip home, we all still continued to watch the sky and talk excitedly so I didn’t pay much attention to our other surroundings.  I wish one of us would have taken a picture and I wish I would have noticed if there was anyone else at that light who could confirm this.  We were for lack of a better word, stupefied.  As I stated earlier, there were 2 police troopers out there but we did not pull over who wants to be laughed at and thought to be an idiot? ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length via telephone with this witness, and she seemed to us to be exceptionally serious-minded and capable.  We suspect that she is an excellent witness.  We have encouraged her to urge the other witnesses to submit reports, as well.  PD));28.2092114130438;-81.6139625000001
