a light appeared to my left and a metalic object suddenly appeared, saucer shaped;1976-07-15 20:00:00;10 seconds;a light appeared to my left and a metalic object suddenly appeared, saucer shaped A friend and I were going night fishing in a little lake below Dillon Damn in Silverthorne, CO, Silverthorne is surrounded by mountains to the south and north and the town is directly below Dillon Damn. The mountains are as high as 14,000 feet. The elevation of Silverthorne is around 8000 feet. The population of Silverthorne was less than 1000 people then.  In front of me were mountains, and as previously mentioned, we are in a valley surrounded by mountains. The time was around 8:00 PM, and it was mostly dark. As we were preparing our equipment, a light appeared to my left and a metallic object suddenly appeared, saucer shaped with little windows or portals around it, I clearly could see little portals on the craft. When I first saw it, it was as though it just appeared, yet it was moving across the sky. It was flying in front of me I estimate its elevation was around 1-2000 feet above where I was standing, moving across the sky, from my left to right, towards Dillon Damn. it was around 2000 feet in front of me. The mountains where in the background and it was definatlely flying in the valley. It was traveling fast, but not to fast for me to observe the little portals. The object was very bright. I followed it for probably 8 seconds and it just disappeared right in front of my eyes.  The friend I was with only saw the light of the object, as he was busy with his equipment and just looked up as it disappeared. He did see the outline and the light of the object, but for only a second, and was not able to describe it, only that it did appear.  Everything that happened is engraved in my mind as if it happened yesterday. The memory of the UFO remains with me, as clear as when it happened. I am 54 years old now.  It is an event that I shall never ever forget! From that day on, I not only believed in UFOs, I knew they existed.  I rarely tell anyone of this event, as people generally seem to think I am a nut, or a druggie or some other silly justification of my so called delusion.  I did call a hot line the following day, and I remember the guy I spoke to saying, Yea, there were a lot of sightings last night and did not take my name or a detail description of the event. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.74775;-106.1964
