Fireball over cayucos;2012-03-19 23:15:00;10 mins;fireball over cayucos For several years off and on identifiable objects have appeared off the coast.  I have been trying to get one on film for close to 13 yrs.  On March 19th I was watching t.v. when a red light over the ocean caught my eye.  I watched it out my window for around a minute before getting my video camera hoping to get a closer look and document the event.  As I watched the object it got brighter and dimmer, giving off streaks of light in different colors.  I climbed out my bathroom window onto the roof to get a unobstructed view of the object. The air was freezing  and I didn't grab a jacket so it was hard to hold the camera still and I was standing on the pitch of the roof.  I filmed the object for close to three minutes.  The object seemed to be a orb of energy.  The round light would get really small, then grow large.  As the object got smaller the light got brighter, as it got bigger the object almost dissipated then would reform.  This object has appeared over the ocea! n several times over the last month. Years ago (around 1999) as many as 20 people were standing on the street all looking at an object that defied physics.  We made reports to the local news and they ran the story saying it was a weather balloon. Anyone that saw that object knows it was not a weather balloon.  Please tell me the best way to document these events as to leave no skeptics, I feel the central coast of California is a UFO hot spot and needs to be investigated by serious professionals. I have 3 minutes of what I feel is very good UFO footage.  I would love to have a professional in the field view my footage and give an explanation for what I have on film.;35.4492;-120.8851
Four Fireballs in Cayucos Sky;2013-08-03 22:00:00;10 minutes;Four Fireballs in Cayucos Sky A friend and I were sitting on a rooftop balcony in Cayucos when we saw three glowing red/orange firebals forming a triangle, moving through the sky.  They stopped after a few minutes, and hovered.  One of the fireballs suddenly disappeared.  I was taking photos and then took another photo when it disappeared.   My friend said, quick, take another picture before the second one disappears. Immediately after I snapped the picture of the two remaining fireballs, another one disappeared, followed about a minute later by the third.   A fourth fireball appeared lower in the sky and moved toward us for about a minute, changing direction several times, moving back and forth laterally, before disappearing.   All four fireballs seemed to change from orange to red to white several times.  Each blinked rapidly before disappearing.;35.4492;-120.8851
