Observed unknown objec exhibit instantanious accelleration and decelleration in airspace near DFW airport;1999-09-24 20:30:00;1 minute;Observed unknown objec exhibit instantanious accelleration and decelleration in airspace near DFW airport Observation: My friend and I were on our way to his daughter's house in Euless Tx on the evening of Friday September 24, 1999. At around 20:30 hrs we were travelling west bound on Highway 183 and had just taken the exit to highway 10 when I noticed what I thought was a police helicopter hovering several miles away. The light pattern consisted of two soft crisp white lights (no glare, like white globes.)equally spaced in a horizontal plane centered on a triangular formation of three synchronized, pulsing (not flashing), red lights. there was a dark green patch in a whispy V just above the red lights. On initial observation the outside white lights were spaced as far apart as my pinky finger held up at arms length. We were startled when the object quickly came strait toward our position as we approache the first stop light after the bridge.  Duration of the transition was less than two seconds and the object stopped several hundred meters away approximately 100 meters AGL at our 1 o'clock position. Accelleration and decelleration appeared to be instantanious.  At this point the white lights were spaced as far apart as all four of my fingers held together at arms length. The object held its position for approximately twenty seconds then slowly moved less than half of its lenth to the left. As the traffic signal changed and we started forward. It was then that the object sped off in the same direction that it had come from becoming apulsing point of red light in the distance.  We lost sight of the object behind the local terrain.  At no point during this observation did the relative position of the lights change (ie rotate, tilt, lose relative spacing etc...). Total duration of the observation was approximately one minute. Two outbound civillian airliners were observedat a higher altitude during the progression of the observation. Witness Background: Myself- Former aircraft engine inspector, A&P mechanic, US Army aviation, US Army Pershing Missile Crewman. Currently an Office Manager. My Friend- Former construction worker, former manager. Currently in Law Enforcement Fundraising.;32.8430700280111;-97.087456302521
