UFO sighting/Time Travel?/Visitors?;1981-09-01 16:50:00;3 minutes;UFO sighting/Time Travel?/Visitors? This happened so long ago, but something I will never forget....although other known witnesses seemed to have?  My parents were taking me to a basketball game approx, 4 miles from home, 4 of us in vehicle...me I am not sure whom was sitting where anymore, other than father driving....I think I was sitting in the backseat with my brother, and my mother on passenger side front?  Well anyhow about a mile and 1/2 into drive a star caught my eye....at first I thought it was only that, as sun just barely beginning to set, and we were heading east....this road we were on is called V-Highway and within sight from the hill we had just crested, and this vantage point, you can see the turn off to George Washington Carver Natioanl Monument.  WELL I noticed that the first star of the evening was moving. I watched more, and at that time saw 3 other lights. One was on the left hand side of the road from my viewpoint, the other 3 were on the right hand side of the road...and seemed to be quite some distance off, I felt beyond the little town of Diamond which would have been 2 1/2 miles at beginning of sighting, and 1 1/2 miles when sighting over.  Well as I was studying this group of lights and could tell that they were all moving, my second thought was airplanes or helicopters....UNTIL they began to do things, that were just not earthly possible, by any known aircraft made by man NOW let along then. The light on left moving oddly....but very slowly compared to the 3 on the right....I am not sure how to describe their movement? Like tadpoles in a pond?...or maybe sperm under a microscope?  Very abrupt movement....very darting, very fast, but as well would stop, and not appear to be moving at all....then even more quickly than they appeared they disappeared in the blink of an eye. It was as if you snapped your fingers, and before you even hear the sound....they the lights were gone.  I recall seeing a slight tracer, for a brief instant, heading away from the earth, not towards it.  Whole thing I doubted lasted much more than 3 mins, maybe even less...probably so, as distance of sighting only about a mile. I know there were 4 other eyewitnesses that I know of....one was my Mom, but unfortunately she does not recollect it.  Well when I got to ballgame, of course I told all my good buddies about it as soon as I got there...well as I was telling them about it, one of them piped up and said Me and my Mom saw those lights too! They very respected family at the time in Diamond (have since moved), and loved by all....so was happy to hear him say that...so no one thought I was making it up or anything.  I have been telling people about this for over 20 years now....I am beginning to think now I am the only one that remembers the lights.  My friend, the last time I talked to him...seemed to have forgotten.  I sent him an e-mail after the Seeing is Believing episode...and asked him again, if could remember that....and as well to ask his mother if she remembered seeing them still yet today.  To me it was AMAZING, and I will never forget it so long as I live.  I have another tale to tale, although not my own ....it is my mothers. When my Grandmother died....my Mom woke up and looked at the clock, it was the exact time of my Grandmothers passing. My mother has described to me a dream she had that night many times, before he waking, and looking at the clock. She said she was in a white room, with Grandma.....and others around but she could only sense them,  but not see them,  only my Grandma.   She still describes yet today, what sounds to me like some sort of time travel or travel into another dimension? and travelling at a high rate of speed, when all of a sudden a voice came to her....and told her it was her time to go, and she said he final good-bye to her Mom...and she woke up, and looked at the clock.  She can tell you about that dream yet today....as if it happened yesterday. That would have been 1980  I have had other strange things happen in my life....but not sure if UFO related  I had what I understand to be a night-terror at maybe age of 13?   Woke up scared to death...screaming, but unable to scream...in a cold sweat, and unable to move.  Years later I was only one at home in family's house...and woke up feeling as if someone is watching me  Like woke up for whatever reason, and trying to go back to sleep, and 1/2 asleep....then it hit me , that feeling...I am being watched  I rolled on my back, and made myself open my eyes....what I saw scared the Hell out of me!!!!  I would call it an apparition ...was no one I knew?  It seemed to be the Grim Reaper, without the sythe....was very shadowy, and appeared to be hooded...but very short, like alien descriptions.  I yelled at it, swang at it, and tried to get away from it....then in a brief second it was gone.   Well as it was there was a tree near the window, and I dismissed it as a shadow, or at least tried to. But honestly I have never seen a shadow make a figure standing above you, nor ever again, or before has a shadow woken me up...with the feeling as if I was being watched? As well in order to calm myself down after the incident, I got our faithful frind and Rottweiler to come in my room and sleep there with me. She was very hesitant to enter the room, and entered with head bowed down...very unlike her    I would be interested in having a paranormal investigator contacting me.....too many weird unexplainable things I have seen and experienced....and I know others in same time frame that had weird encounters as well. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that dates of sightings are approximate.  PD));37.0029;-94.3205
