3 Black Triangular Objects flying silently overhead.  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness is highly experienced, and credible.  PD));2014-11-15 20:35:00;4 to 5 minutes;3 Black Triangular Objects flying silently overhead. On the night of November 15th 2014, there were low clouds and I estimate the ceiling to be approximately 400 ft.   I was sitting in my Spa in my back yard, when I noticed a redish yellow light flying low and slow.  It appeared to be pulsing or rotating.  It looked more like a flame than a navigation light.   Then I noticed two more that appeared to be flying in formation with the first. Because of the cloud cover, I could not make out the aircraft that were displaying the lights, but my first thought was that it was a formation of Helicopters.  As they approached, however, I was struck by the lack of any noise.   As the lights were directly overhead, they extinguished.  The lights had been flying SE to NW, but about 30 seconds after they went out, I saw a large, black, triangular object flying (or floating) very slowly moving in a Northerly direction.  It appeared to be about the size of a C-17 at about 400 ft in altitude, but was of a triangular shape.  It was in complete view below the clouds, and I could see the shape perfectly.   My first impression was that it was a Stealth Fighter, but after a couple of seconds, I realized that the trailing edge was perfectly smooth, unlike the jagged edge of a Stealth Aircraft.  Add the very slow movement and the complete silence, and I realized that this was like nothing that I have ever seen.    I watched the object as it flew over my house, and it appeared to be dropping something like a parachute.  At that time, I saw 2 more lights appear from the SE, and they extinguished at about the same point as the others had.   I then saw 2 more of the Black, Triangular objects on the same flight path as the first one.  I lost sight of them as they flew over my house.   From the time that I saw the first lights to the time that I saw the third object fly over my house, was about 4 to 5 minutes in duration. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness has been known to our Center for over 15 years.  He is an aviation specialist, with many decades of experience in that field, and is an exceptionally credible witness, we believe.  PD));33.0052;-97.4835
