Three Triangle Object passing over Okemos Michigan in procession on a Northwesterly Course with a one minute, then two minute interval.;2015-09-26 22:00:00;3-4 minutes;Three Triangle Object passing over Okemos, Michigan, in procession on a Northwesterly Course with a one minute, then two minute interval. It was approximately 10PM on 9/26/15.  I was out in the back yard smoking a cigarette and checking the hot tub.  I saw an object approaching from the Southeast.  Cloud cover was cumulo-stratus, and there was a full moon.  This is why I could see the triangle shape.  I can’t estimate speed but it was jet aircraft type speed or greater.   I was in Navigation in the Navy, and am an expert boater on the great lakes.  The craft had an amber colored light on its starboard side and roughly half way down the leading edge of the its wing.  It made absolutely no noise and the light was steady with no flash.   Typically, you observe a green light on your left wing and a red light on your wing on approaching view.   I was stupefied, as the steady light remained visible as the object went by CPA, and light remained visible as it went away.  I thought this was all very peculiar and impossible.  The object must have been slightly climbing as it disappeared into the clouds as it went over Lansing, Michigan.  It was heading on a direct Northwest direction in terms of Cardinal headings and in TRUE degrees and not magnetic. So, about the time the first object fades into the cloud, another identical craft approaches from the Southeast and roughly on the same line as the first but slightly on a path to the right of the previous object.  Same thing, steady amber light, no flash and no noise.  The second object appeared not to be ascending but on level flight just below the cloud ceiling. The third object was exactly the same as the previous two and it approached from the Southeast as well and was on the same line but slightly to the left of the other two objects.  At first, I thought UFO, but the silhouette was more like a stealth fighter.  Trouble is, I am guessing cloud ceiling was about 10,000 feet and visibility was unlimited and these were much too big to a stealth fighter.  I estimate size at jet airliner scale or slightly larger.  One last thing that amber light was particularly large.;42.7069;-84.4137999999999
On the morning of April 27th, 2021 I was sitting outside smoking cigarettes under my deck at approximately 4:00 in the morning near Eas;2021-04-27 04:00:00;1 minute;On the morning of April 27th, 2021 I was sitting outside smoking cigarettes under my deck at approximately 4:00 in the morning near East Lansing, Michigan. I was looking south and from the position that I was sitting I could see very far out into the sky between some houses and trees. Near the sky line, as far away as I could see I saw a dim yellow light that appeared to be getting larger and brighter as it approached me heading from south to north. Something about it grabbed my attention because it wasn’t a light similar to any I had seen on any airplane. It wasn’t blinking and was distinctly yellow rather than the typical white-ish LED color. As the light approached and started to fly overhead I realized that there was an object flying in front of the yellow light. It was a totally black triangle with 3 red lights, one on each corner, that weren’t blinking and were significantly dimmer than the yellow light. The black triangle was approximately 3 times the size of the light. The ship flew almost directly over top of me and as it did I got a pretty detailed look at exactly what it was. The bottom was a perfect triangle with three completely flat sides and what appeared to be a completely flat black bottom with just the three red lights just inside of each corner of the triangle. There was not a single blinking light underneath just the 3 solid red lights. Traveling in formation behind the triangle was a yellow orb of light. This is the light I had originally seen on the horizon. It seemed to be light emanating from nothing. I can only think to describe it as a large orb of yellow light floating very closely behind the triangle but clearly was not attached to it. I could see the sky in between the triangle and orb and nothing was holding them together but they were flying dangerously close to each other. Too close for any airplanes to fly together. The distance between them was maybe half the distance of a side of the triangle and the distance between triangle and orb never change at all. I stepped into my yard to get a better view while it was directly near over top of me and I could clearly see that the back edge of the triangle was totally flat, ruling out any planes that I am aware of. It was a perfect triangle with all equal length sides. It took approximately 45 seconds for it to pass from one horizon to over top of my head and disappeared over top of my house and I could no longer see it. I struggle to say exactly how big or how far away it was but the triangle was similar to the size the top half of your thumb held away from your face in the sky. I debated whether or not to add this next part in because I worry that it could detract from what I’ve said so far but It’s true and possibly relevant so I figured I should include it even though I definitely run the risk of losing credibility for saying this and I realize that but I’m already reporting a UFO so might as well be fully honest. 20 minutes before I first saw it I had a thought that I would see an alien in that exact location in the sky that I first saw it. I’ve never seen anything unfamiliar in the sky before, never had any ghost encounters, never heard anything out of the ordinary, never seen anything that wasn’t ordinary and explainable in my entire life. I didn’t even really believe in aliens until I saw what I saw. But I had a thought that I would see a ship coming from the exact place in the sky that it came from just 20 minutes before I first saw it. When I first saw the light far out in the distance it did not appear to be moving but with it tha! t far away it’s hard to tell. After initially seeing a strange glowing light in the sky exactly where I thought I would, I then began thinking that I hope it comes towards me and it did. I was actively thinking that I hope it comes to me as I began to see it move in my direction. It went from maybe 15 miles away and came almost directly over top of me. I’ve never experienced any sort of hallucination, I’m completely mentally sound, I don’t take any medications, and I wasn’t drinking. I don’t know how my thoughts could possibly have effected whatever flew over top of me but what I saw was certainly real and maybe those strange thoughts were just totally coincidental to what I saw but I’ve never in my life thought that I would see something in the sky until right then in that moment and 20 minutes later there it was, and then immediately after seeing it in the distance I actively thought that I wanted it to come my direction and it came directly over top of me.;42.7069;-84.4137999999999
