The lights were not sharp and pronounced, but instead were hazy and burned like fire, scattered about the bottom and sides of the UFO.;2010-08-12 20:34:00;2 minutes;It was 8:34PM and already pitch black outside.  Out of the corner of my eye, I could see the plane lights wavering behind the tree's as the aircraft approached. I had assumed that it was a plane anyways.  I sat at the glass door for a moment, watching the lights approach as I usually did- out of habit more than anything. As the seconds passed, I noticed that the aircraft seemed to be rising forward into the air at an accelerating velocity- one that seemed almost unusually fast.  I continued to watch in curiosity.  In less than a second, the aircraft made a 390 degree turn, a full circle and then off to the right. There was no way it could be a plane, so I ran outside to see it better. As it flew above the tree-line, I noticed that the lights didn't look anything like the ones on a plane and the shape of the vehicle was extremely unusual.  The lights were not sharp and pronounced, but instead were hazy and burned like fire, scattered about the bottom and sides of the UFO. They were pale yellow to bluish-green in color and seemed to be linked by thinner lines of light. The UFO itself was not a sleek thin design like I might have imagined it to be.  The main body appeared dark grey and semi-metallic (it reminded me of silicon) and pyramidal, but had abstract shaped parts attached to the main body, creating a shape that is nearly indiscernible to describe from such a short observation period. It continued off to the right for a moment before all of the lights on the aircraft immediately shut off.  I could still see the body due to light pollution and a faint glow that seemed to radiate from the UFO, preventing it from becoming completely hidden.  It changed course in a matter of milliseconds and accelerated again in a sharp upward direction before it was out of eyesight. I watched for a little longer and saw something that made me almost laugh in awe.  What I could see to be as several military fighter jets came into my sight only moments later, uniformly chasing in the same direction I had seen the unidentified aircraft travel before disappearing.  They, I noticed, travelled at a speed and in a manner that I had expected human constructed planes to fly.  And they were far behind.;42.6421;-70.9419
Saw a very large object in sky over rte 95N coming from Peabody.  North of 133. I was looking at it entire time, and it was not moving.;2018-09-08 20:15:00;20 minutes;Saw a very large object in sky over rte 95N coming from Peabody. North of 133.  I was looking at it entire time, and it was not moving. First, I thought Helicopter but, the two large white lights were closer then headlights on a car with two red lights close left, and, one red light close to the white light on the right white lite. At one point I thought it was a Harrier air craft but I know that sound and look. This had no sound and did not look like a Harrier. Facing them it was red, white, white, red. In the oblong shape. The Upfront lights were. NOT ONCE DID IT MOVE.  NOT A PLANE OR HELICOPTER. POSSIBLY A REALLY LARGE DRONE. I kept my eyes on the oblong object.  Expecting it to move across.  It stayed directly over rte 95 North side. Me on my motorcycle I slowed down.  While keeping an eye on it.  I looked directly up while passing under wear it.  Directly over me while I was riding underneath it I saw four dull white lights straight down.  In a square pattern with a dull orange look. A black line was horizontal in the middle of the square.  While looking up at it.  The four lights not bright at all, but a dull orange look to the four of them. Around the square was a mantra ray shape all black around the square. Inside the manta ray shape but, the box with the black line in this shape was brown, but the manta ray shape was black. I plan to paint this on something.  Soon..  Inside the time I left Peobody, Mass., concert.  Sometime between 8:15 pm and 8:45  I saw this object. My 360 tracker  app should show me the time I went under this object hopefully. I remember saying WTF is that?  Looking up at it . Then I sped up.  I should have pulled over but it really was not that high up.  So I figured if I could see it it could see me.  As, I spend up, I tried to look in my bike mirrors and saw nothing. WHY write this down because I can hardly believe what I saw but know I saw something. BELOW A QUICK SKETCH OF FRONT VIEW AND A BOTTOM VIEW  I'D SAY IT WAS LOW ENOUGH TO SEE THE LIGHTS AND BLACK AN BROWN COLOR . BIGGER THEN A HELICOPTER OR PIPER CUB PLANE. HALF THE SIZE OF THE BIGGEST JET. LOOKED LIKE IT WAS JUST SUSPENDED IN THE SKY;42.6421;-70.9419
