Three objects were seen, one blinking and the other two in particular glowing bright and dimming in the same path. ((ISS?));2009-09-09 21:00:00;5 minutes;Three objects were seen, one blinking and the other two in particular glowing bright and dimming in the same path. I was standing on the driveway of my parent’s house which is a few miles out of town.  The stars were very visible.  My sister was with me at the time when we first spotted a blinking light very high in the sky.  This could’ve been a high altitude plane but it seemed to have a high velocity as well as a fierce strobe light.  It was traveling north to south as it appeared to have reached a height too far to see.  We watched this first object for about 30 seconds. Three minutes later I couldn’t help but notice a very, very bright glowing object moving about the same rate from the West to the East.  It was silent as was the first object.  It passed directly over us as we tried to stay quiet to listen.  The glow was brighter than any star in the sky and seemed to be just within our atmosphere.   The object started to dim and turn a slight reddish color.  It dimmed completely and seemed to blank out.  The object never fell from its altitude nor did it change direction.. I immediately told a third witness to get out of the car.  I told her she missed a U.F.O only to scan the sky once more and see an exact replica of the glow again.   The third object appeared to be in exact flight coordinates of the second object and repeated the dimming process in the same spot in the sky.  Afterwards I noticed a large plane coming from the East a few minutes later.  Important because its lights were much dimmer and it appeared to me much closer to earth.  It looked to be a large Passenger Jet and gave me assurance that the objects were much higher than regular aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS and Space Shuttle in formation?  PD));48.1119;-105.6293
Orange-reddish lighs-bright lights pulsating coming from west then disappearing;2011-07-10 23:15:00;3-4 minutes;Orange-reddish lighs-bright lights pulsating coming from west then disappearing Orange pulsating light seen west of town traveled slowly south in a strait path for 3-4 minutes stopped then just disappered from sight-reported the same thing on july 4-  witnessed by 5 adults- numerous kids in neighborhood seen 4 times that evening have seen same object numerous times in last 6 months all times we observed object it was either bright light fading to bright with aura haze or orangish light to fading to bright with pulsating aura - several times sightings always ended with either helicopter or fighter jet coming in from east to the area that we observe the sighting - the objects we observed were close enough that if they were planes or any type of conventional aircraft they would have had sounbd - but there is never any sound while these lights are being observed -one time while we observed these light orbs we had or dog with us and though we heard no sound our dog was looking to the area of the lights and was whimpering and shaking his head like possibly there was a high frequency sound that he heard - but when we were watching light - it was completely silent;48.1119;-105.6293
