Single bluish white downward arc of fast moving single light.;2012-12-29 19:30:00;.05 seconds;Single bluish white downward arc of fast moving single light We were traveling 220 alt south at 65 mph coming into the city limits of Asheboro, when my wife saw a fast moving blusish white light that was traveling from east to west in a downward arc.  I also saw it for a second when it just went out. My wife is a doubter of UFOs, and I have an open mind to UFOs.  It takes something weird for my wife to make a comment like she did last night.  We both have seen metor showers and this was not a shooting star.  It wasn't a spot light that stores use in the area. My wife and I are both graduate level mental health and substance abuse therapists.;35.710215712188;-79.8075911894264
Orange light crossed in front of me while driving and hovered above the trees, moving in a westward direction on an overcast night.;2015-06-24 22:05:00;2 minutes;Orange light crossed in front of me while driving and hovered above the trees, moving in a westward direction on an overcast night. Coming back from McDonald’s on North Fayetteville St., I took Old Liberty Rd. home on this road, at about 10:05 p.m., I see a small orange-ish light skip across the tops of the trees, going to the left.  I turn to look, and see a small, glowing (not shining) red-orange light flying smoothly across the neighborhood just over the tops of the trees.  I decided to turn left onto Balfour Ave., and was able to take a few pictures (though not the best, I was driving, at night, and there was a windshield in the way).  It slowly climbed higher, and as I neared the intersection of Fayetteville and Balfour, I was able to stop and take a decent look at it now high above the trees, it started off toward the direction of North Asheboro Middle School.  I turned right instead, and went home.  The night sky was overcast, save for one small section where the moon and a couple of stars shone through, but other than that, no other night sky lights were visible.  This light, w! hile closer to the ground, appeared to move/spin as it flew forward, and seemed to flicker at the sides like a fire ember, only much, much larger. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.710215712188;-79.8075911894264
Very fast moving bright blue/white light.;2017-04-12 20:00:00;3-4 seconds;Very fast moving bright blue/white light Traveling home from Chapel Hill, NC, last night (April 12, 2017, at about 8pm) towards Monroe, NC (driving southwest), I observed a very intensely bright light ball moving extremely fast across the sky near Asheboro, NC, but in the rural part of Randolph County.  This was obviously not a plane or helicopter because of the lack of signal lights and the absolutely incredible speed. My first thought, after ruling out planes and helicopters, was perhaps that I saw a *huge* meteor but, the object was different enough that I couldn't rationalize a meteor.  For example, it did not appear to travel like meteors I have seen in the past which appear high up in the atmosphere and quickly burn out.  In terms of assessing the possibility of larger, lower flying meteors, the object did not have the characteristic burn trail or tail that a low burning meteor typically has (at least in my experience of seeing photos of low meteors).  This object was clearly moving horizontally across the sky at what appeared to be a constant altitude with no trail. The object was an intense blue/white light ball, and it appeared to have a very slight haze near it, but this haze could have been an optical illusion, given the brightness of the object and the speed with which it moved.  Any haze that was present was no larger dimension than the diameter of the light ball, so it did not seem to fit with a meteor trail. I first saw the light ball when it was just about the center of my windshield as I was driving.  It moved to my left, traveling southeast, and across the sky to the horizon or tree line in an elapsed time of only about 3-4 seconds.  So, this light ball was clearly moving at an incredible speed whether low in the sky or higher than I suspected.  I estimate it to have been lower than 500 feet, but that is clearly only an estimate, as I have no way of knowing its true size or altitude. Again, unlike a meteor, the object did not burn out - it simply moved out of my sight at great speed.  Regardless of what it was, it was a fascinating experience.  This is the second time in the past 2 years that I have seen a fast moving object in the general area of central NC, once it the daytime (a craft of sorts previously reported here) and this bright, nighttime ball of light. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Dear Mr. Davenport, In response to your questions (my answers are given in brackets): As you faced the object, what was the approximate direction you were looking  [I was on the road, so I only know the general cardinal direction, assuming a line between Chapel Hill and Monroe, NC.  I did not think to look at my car direction indicator, so the best I can say here is that I was driving Southwest and generally looking in that direction.  Unfortunately, given the nature of winding roads in the rural counties, I cannot confirm the absolute direction of my vision] ..and the angle of elevation above the horizontal plane [I had to move a bit to see it past my visor in the car, so it was up past 30 degrees for sure, but it was not by any means 90 degrees from the horizontal.  My best estimate would be about 45-55 degrees from horizontal line of sight] ...Was the object in the northern sky, or the southern sky, from your vantage point, [Southern] ..and was it traveling from your left to right side, or right to left? [the latter, right to left] Sorry I can't be more exact with some of these questions.  The entire event took me by complete surprise.  I am pleased to know that others reported this event.  I would love to know what you find out about the light, if indeed you are able to identify it.  Is there a means by which I can stay abreast of any updates?  Would you publish any such findings? Thank you and best regards, ((END ADDENDUM));35.710215712188;-79.8075911894264
A bright light flew across the sky faster than a plane and brighter than a shooting star. It had no light trail and suddenly disappeare;2018-08-03 22:30:00;5 seconds;A bright light flew across the sky faster than a plane and brighter than a shooting star.  It had no light trail and suddenly disappeared in mid-flight.  There were 3 witnesses.;35.710215712188;-79.8075911894264
