25-30 giant orange balls in the sky over Asheboro that floated and moved around then took off out of sight in the blink of the eye.;2012-08-18 21:00:00;10-15 minutes;25 - 30 giant orange balls in the sky over Asheboro that floated and moved around then took off out of sight in the blink of the eye. I went outside to smoke at the Randolph Hospital and when I walked across the street to the smoking area the lady that was there already smoking said to me, What is that in the sky are the shooting fireworks? I looked up and there were about 25 to 30 glowing orange balls way up in the sky that started getting closer fast all coming from the same direction.  They all stopped around the same area in the sky and kind of float there for a second then move real fast in different directions for a few minutes and then in a blink of the eye took off faster than anything I have ever seen.  I mean they were gone in less than a second.   They all went at different intervals and made no noise.  I called my wife and she ran down and got to see the last 4 of them right before they left.  They were very high in the sky and you could tell they were huge.  Like I said I have never seen anything move like these things did and they looked just like orange balls of light in! the sky.  Someone else had to have seen this it went on for quite a while and was very visible to see. I took some  pictures but all you can see is just orange balls of light I snapped them from my phone but I will never forget seeing this it was incredible and sure as hell not something you see every day.;35.710215712188;-79.8075911894264
Some kind of space craft hovering near power poles, turquoise in color, with red lights around it.;2014-09-10 20:15:00;10 minutes;Some kind of space craft hovering near power poles, turquoise in color, with red lights around it. I was driving home from work after making my delivery and when I got about 2 miles outside of Asheboro, NC on I-73, I-74, I saw something I hadn’t seen before and I make this trip every day.  I looked to my left about 2 or 3 miles ahead (it was dark) and there are some power poles/towers  together that have some white lights going up the sides of them.  They are not the tallest towers around, because there are a bunch of them around the few mile stretch of road, but those two are the closet two that are together.  As I got closer I noticed the color turquoise was illuminating from between the two towers.  The closer I got the more distinguished it became and at 1st I thought it had to be a blimp.  But then I realized it wasn’t big enough. It was about half the size of a blimp.  I kept looking for some kind of support under it like posts or metal legs holding it up and then I thought it must be a water tower they just put up, but I saw none when I got closer and it actually moved just a bit.  I noticed as I got closer it had a string red lights all the way around it protruding like Saturn’s halo but I think was attached.  When I got as close as I could, which was about probably a ¼- ½ mile to my left off through the woods, I saw it the best I could. It was the shape of a sphere.  Almost like you would see in a cheesy sci fi movie form the 50’s.  Illuminated in turquoise with the red lights going around it. It was actually chaos on the road as others saw it and were struggling to continues to drive straight as they tried to make out what they saw.  I thought I’d be side swiped,  The only thing that saved it from happening was there wasn’t very many cars on the road…I saw 2 cars pull over, but I was afraid to, because I feared someone would ass end me looking at the site as opposed to seeing me on the shoulder, so I reached for my iPhone to take a pic/video and struggled to get it on and just as I held it up, the damn trees blocked my view.  So I drove real slow for the next mile, hoping to get a break in the trees as everybody else did as well.  The speed limit is 65 there and everybody was doing 40.  I took my exit about a mile later to go off on the split where I-74 leaves I-73 and hoped to get to an elevated spot where I could still see it.  Finally as I began to give up I looked back and turned my neck as far as I could and I saw it! It had taken off and was headed due west (I was! headed north) and it had climbed high in a short amount of time, and it looked like a green airliner disappearing in the night sky.   In about 3 minutes or so approx, I saw what appeared to be an air force jet go by high in the sky in that direction. I also saw about 10 NC State police doing about 100 mph headed south toward where I just came from.;35.710215712188;-79.8075911894264
