Spinning objects in sky over Pacific Ocean in Lincoln City, OR @ Sea Gypsy Hotel on Beach;2006-08-13 00:45:00;1 minute;Spinning objects in sky over Pacific Ocean in Lincoln City, OR @ Sea Gypsy Hotel on Beach It was a wonderful evening on my first trip to the Oregon Coast. I was staying at the Sea Gypsy hotel, which is right on the beach in Lincoln City, OR. I had spent most of my trip just sitting in our room in front of the open window watching waves for hours. My partner had settled into bed, lights off, and I was still sitting at the window drinking coffee. Around 12:30-1:00am I leaned out the window to have a smoke and was looking up at the stars. From the South over the Pacific Ocean I saw what I thought was a bright, large group of stars. As they moved North, I noticed that there were six of these stars, all perfectly 6 pointed in shape, with no tracers from stars look you usually see. There were almost blue they were so white, and WAY more intense that the brighest star. These 6 stars were spinning individually, and they all spun in a perfect circle together as if orbiting something. Then all of the sudden they started spinning faster and would rotate from large to small to large to small orbits around this invisible center. It did this while traveling North in a spiral direction. Very hard to describe. Zoomed off faster to the North Pacific and disappeared. I sat there for 2 or 3 more hours and saw nothing like it... although I did see planes and a couple shooting stars, but this was unlike I have ever seen. I get home and tell my sister about this, and she tells me at least 15-20 years ago she and my aunt saw something exactly similar over the open ranges in Eastern Oregon. I know others saw what I saw... I saw 3 people walking on the beach that night, the 1 man alone freaked and yelled up to me to ask if I had seen that too, and he confirmed with the other 2 walkers that they had also seen it. We were not near each other, nor do I know these other witnesses. I also heard from the man at the front desk that other UFO sighting have regularly occured along the oregon coast. Definitely not a plane, rocket, satellie, meteor... or anything else that can be explained! Oh, also I could n! ot see a nything that these may have been attached too, so I don't know if they were 6 individual or attached to something much large that was invisible to the naked eye! And there were NO tracers or trails from these lights of any kind!;44.9090101769911;-123.988876769911
3 orangish/reddish round lights flying north of us, above the beach.  They were in a straight vertical line.;2012-07-28 00:00:00;10 minutes approx;3 orangish/reddish round “lights” flying north of us, above the beach.  They were in a straight vertical line. We are a group of three women, all age 52.  We were on a “girls” week-end trip to the beach and had a campfire on the beach directly below our hotel.  At approximately 12:00am I noticed 3 orangish/reddish round “lights” flying north of us, above the beach.  What was remarkable was that they were in a straight vertical line, spaced precisely and equally from the other.  They were moving towards us, I thought they were helicopters and thought it was strange that they were flying so perfectly in line and with no sound.  They continued to come closer to us probably a mile out but hard to guess.   They never lost their perfect positioning and continued to get brighter,they seemed to hover a few minutes.   All three of us watched the lights and noticed more random lights to the right and lower of the 3, same size and color but flying in a random pattern.  There were several of these lights.  After a while, the 3 uniform lights started to get smaller until they dis! appeared.  At the time, we all thought it was strange but assumed a logical explanation must exist for the lights.  It was not until the next morning that we continued to talk about the lights and look up such sights on the internet, looking for an explanation, that we discovered that maybe this was a reportable incident.  After reading a news article in our local paper, Tri-Cities, Washington, the following week regarding a similar sighting that we decided we should indeed report this. A brief background of the three sighters would be one accountant, one nuclear medical technician, one business owner, we are mothers and wives.  None of us had  encountered any situation like this before and all three felt there must some reasonable explanation for this other than unidentified flying object, before this, skeptics for sure.;44.9090101769911;-123.988876769911
