Bright stationary pulsing light accompanied with other objects emanating faint pulses of colored lights (clear,red and blue in color).;2013-08-02 19:00:00;2+ hours;Bright stationary pulsing light accompanied with other objects emanating faint pulses of colored lights (clear,red and blue in color) Since about August of 2013 we have noticed a very bright stationary light, star like in appearance but it appears to pulse and changes position in the sky in random positions not in a travel path  but remains in a stationary position.  Sometimes it is appears extremely lower than other times.  It was noticeable like clockwork almost daily in the same general area but up until about a month and a half ago it has been appearing daily in a different location but still noticeable, bright and pulses.  There are other smaller lights we have noticed that are within close proximity but they almost appear to have a faint flash of colored lights (red, clear, and blue).  They are also stationary and is something we didn't notice before.  The most impressive sighting I have witnessed was on 1/21/14 as I was driving into the valley from the coast at 6:40am apprx.  I observed the same bright pulsing light extremely low almost looked like it was close to the top of the mountaino! us tree lines and kept an eye on it as I drove through the corridor and again noticed the faint colored lights in its close proximity.  What made this event more startling was the two objects that crossed its past from the bottom up in a slight diagonal position (so not anything that I could pass off as a plane or helicopter) Counted 5 objects moving in all different directions then two them disappeared as quickly as they appeared.  The pulsing light and two other colored light objects remained in sight and disappeared by the thick fog cover that was blanketing the valley when I got into town. 1/22/14 same pulsing light this morning and colored lights , no other light show similar to 1/21 but that same pulsing light was back in its usual spot where I had been observing it in August of 2013. I am reporting this because we are very curious to know what those lights are.  This is not anything we have ever witnessed or experienced before in our lifetime and it just seems to be occurring more frequently and have read about others in this general area of the State who witness the same daily phenomenon that we do. I know other drivers pulled off the road to observe. I didn't take photos because my cell phone always has a haze to it when I attempt to take photos so I didn't even bother.  I'm hoping others were able to document this event.  I'm open to give more info via phone contact. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));44.9090101769911;-123.988876769911
