Unidentified Hovering Light seen in the Georgia Sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus.  PD));2007-11-12 04:30:00;1 hour +;Unidentified Hovering Light seen in the Georgia Sky I had been up (awake) in my office for most of the day and night of November 11,2007. Working into the wee hours of the morning I was really tired and left my backyard office to go into the house and get some sleep. I happen to be walking into the house (roughly round 4:30 a.m.) but a light caught my attention as I stepped up on the back porch. I looked up at this light and it was very strange looking as I can’t recall seeing anything like it before. The light was just hovering off in the distance toward the East. At first I thought it to be a star or planet or something of sorts but then I noticed even further that the entire skyline in that direction was totally blacked out. No stars, planets or moons or nothing. There appeared to be a high cloud cover which prevented all the other objects you would normally see at night to be obscured from vision. Just that one light up there. So I thought to myself it’s kinda odd that one star would show thru and not any of the others. Then I happen to notice that the light I was looking at was getting brighter and then dimming again as in a pulse and it kept repeating, bright, dim, bright, dim. Then I knew something wasn’t right about this hovering object and went inside and woke up my wife. I told her about what I had seen and asked her to get the camcorder for me so I could film it. She got the camcorder for me and we both went out on the back porch to see this light. The object did not appear to move other than a slight rocking motion. But the bright, dim thing kept going. I pulled out the camcorder and shot about 4 minutes and 20 seconds of footage when I was just too tired and shaking to continue. There was no sound from the object. The only sound I recorded on video was passing cars on the hwy. I deleted the audio on my footage upload later so the file would be smaller for upload. But I went to the edge of the porch to get the best view and started video recording. My wife had seen UFO’s before and she wasn’t too thrilled about them so she wen! t back i nto the house. This was my first encounter of a hovering, illuminating light. The skyline behind the object was completely dark. Nothing else was visible in the video as a reference so I couldn’t determine size, or shape. It appeared that the clouds had all reference points blocked. I couldn’t even see the trees that were located to the left and right of the object in my line of sight. It was very dark. But I continued to record and zoomed in and out a few times to try to get a good shot of the object. I held the camera up about a 45 Deg angle to record. It appeared to be hovering over a Georgia Power Electric Sub Station which is just down the road from my residence. But it may have been farther away. I couldn’t really tell without the reference points. I have no clue what the object was. I got tired of filming and went inside to go to bed. I layed down for about 20-30 minutes but couldn’t stop thinking about it and went back to the kitchen window to check on it again. It was still there. I went to sleep and when I awoke round 12 noon on 11/12/07 it was gone. Video for this incident can be found on youtube at : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83Hxmgz2RcU ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus.  PD));34.3599;-84.9194
It hovered in one area for more than 30 min., constantly blinking. It looked like it had multiple lights.  ((NUFORC Note:  Star?  PD));2016-10-03 04:00:00;30 minutes;It hovered in one area for more than 30 minutes constantly blinking.  It looked like it had multiple lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Star?  PD));34.3599;-84.9194
