Appear to see two white drones while a radar &quotblob&quot phenomenon occurs near Redstone;2013-06-04 17:35:00;12 seconds;Appear to see two white drones while a radar &quotblob&quot phenomenon occurs near Redstone Early this evening, I was watering plants in my backyard.  As a big fan of aircraft, I tend to check for traffic in the sky.  At 17:35, I looked up and noticed two white craft, one behind the other and slightly to the starboard side of the leading craft.  At first glance the two craft looked military.  Then I noticed how they looked more rounded at the nose which then made me think that they were drones.  This made a lot of sense because the two craft were moving fast relative their altitude.  If they were at a higher elevation then their airspeed would have been pushing supersonic and there were no subsequent sonic booms.  I estimate that these two craft were around 1000 - 1200 feet.  They were traveling from north to south near the I-65 corridor.  The sky was mostly clear, warm, humid, around 85 degrees with a light SE wind.  The two crafts were out of view in under fifteen seconds.  I made a point to try to listen to the noise produced by these craft.  Am! idst some background traffic and neighborhood noise, I could hear a slight whine that would seem to be associated with a turboprop engine, but much quieter.  The event ended and I thought that I had witnessed my first domestic drone flights- nothing more.  Only until a few minutes ago did I think that I &quotonly saw two drones&quot.  Media outlets in Huntsville, AL are now reporting a mysterious radar &quotblob&quot echo that appeared on multiple radar products over the Huntsville area this afternoon, exactly over the northwest corner of Redstone Arsenal.  Here is a link to the current radar blob event: http://valleywx.com/2013/06/04/mystery-blob-over-west-huntsville/  Huntsville is about 117 miles north of my location.  Maybe these were simply drones returning to Eglin AFB after an exercise in cloaking.  Needless to say, the event that I witnessed in conjunction with media reports about a radar blob with Internet chatter of ongoing C-5 activity was enough to make me share this with you.;33.2663;-86.902
