A blue/green cone shaped trail with a flash of orange and a flash of white at the head, then a dark object disappearing.;2013-04-25 21:15:00;5 seconds;A blue/green cone shaped trail with a flash of orange and a flash of white at the head, then a dark object disappearing. My friend and I saw a a trail of blue and green light in a cone shape. After two or three seconds there was an orange flash, like a ball of fire, then it disappeared and a little lower was a flash of white and when that disappeared it looked like a dark object falling down.  It looked as though it was coming straight down.  I spoke to others who witnessed the same event in the same description and place.;47.7992;-116.7393
Pinkish circular fireball  orbs in the sky, silent, and then vanishing. I got three out of four on film with my Samsung Galaxy s5.;2014-12-31 20:00:00;4 minutes;pinkish circular fireball  orbs in the sky, silent, and then vanishing. I got three out of four on film with my Samsung Galaxy s5. Around 8:30pm in my back yard, I saw a red/pinkish color circle in the sky, that looked like a fireball orb.  It was coming from the West heading south west.   It had no sound and was visable for about one minute, and then lit up to where I could see an outline of a very large circular craft object just before it vanished.   I ran inside to grab my Samsung Galaxy s5 to film.  When I got back outside, I looked up for approximately 1 minute, and then saw another fireball orb coming from the same location I spotted the first one, and it flew the exact path and then vanished the same way.   Two more followed, one at a time, in the same flight pattern as the first fireball orb I spotted, and then vanished in the same fashion.  I have three on film all together.  I live near the airport in Hayden.  These objects were not human aircrafts.   My daughter and I have seen one fire orb before about one year ago in my backyard with different movement patterns, but never got it on film.  I think whatever was in the sky was interested or attracted to the airport.  Silent, large, circular, pinkish orbs that vanished made the hair on my neck raise.  What an incredible sight.  I wanted to call law enforcement but then though they would just think I was crazy, so I Googled it and found this site so I decided to rapport it.  I hope others also got to witness this amazing event.;47.7992;-116.7393
