3 CONCURRENT SIGHTINGS WITHIN 25 MINUTES OF EACH OTHER:  At 23:25 on 6/03/09 my girlfriend and I were stargazing when I noticed what I;2009-06-03 23:25:00;25 minutes;3 CONCURRENT SIGHTINGS WHITHIN 25 MINUTES OF EACH OTHER:  At 23:25 on 6/03/09 my girlfriend and I were stargazing when I noticed what I thought were two shooting stars.  The 2 objects shot through the sky in parallel about a pencil length apart and appeared simply as flying dots of light in the sky no bigger than a large star before changing shape into a sort of bird like object. There is a crop circle formation that bears a striking resemblance to the shape of what we saw at the following website:  http://shrey27.wordpress.com/2008/05/24/crop-circles-art-on-crop-fields/crop-circles-014/  During the transition of shape the color began to look more like a glowing tan or yellow hazy, misty color  They were so synchronized in their movements and transitions that I wondered if one wasnt a reflection of the other. From my location they originated at a nearly 60 degree + angle and towards the NorthWest.  They moved in a sort of elongated V or sharp hook pattern and disappeared to the NorthEast.  They appeared to get larger until they were finally out of sight. All in all this sighting lasted maybe 5 or 6 seconds and was fast enough that my girlfriend completely missed it as she was staring a different direction and couldn't catch the glimpse. My reaction was literally WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT! Seriously, what the fuck was that? What was that... I stood there in shook as I was dumbfounded how my girlfriend could have missed something that obvious. While she watched the sky I ran inside to see what time it was and my PC said 11:28. So we stared at the sky thinking about how great it would be if we could both see it together and after about 15 minutes something appeared again. This time we both saw it.  2 dove shaped objects flying from the NorthWest toward the SouthWest.  These 2 objects were much closer together, approximately the length of an eraser tip on a pencil, and flew in a very strange pattern:  First they were side by side, then the synchronistically flew away from each other and back toward each other as if to draw out a vase sort of shape in the sky. Before flying out of sight I could see them veer a sharp left as if they were right on top of each other and I was able to follow these for a much greater distance than the previous sighting. My girlfriend and I were absolutely amazed and talked about how these objects had a very strange bird like appearance and almost glowed. I ran inside immediately after I lost sight of them to check the time and it was 11:43.  I grabbed a pen and paper and recorded a couple notes and the time and went back to watching the sky. 7 minutes later at 11:50 we witnessed a mass formation of 5 to 6 objects flying in single file order but making snake like movements across the sky while maintaining a very tight, smooth, formation.  This was by far the most exciting and heart racing sighting. These objects seemed to appear out of no where and were spotted slightly lower in the sky than the previous 2 sightings. Last week I filed a UFO sighting with MUFON because I spotted a very similar object but it was much darker, more like a silhouette and not nearly as clearly defined and illuminated as these objects were.;47.7992;-116.7393
