TRIANGULAR OBJECT WITH WHITE AND RED FLASHING LIGHTS;2009-06-11 00:30:00;3 Minutes;TRIANGULAR OBJECT WITH WHITE AND RED FLASHING LIGHTS On the evening of June 10th to June 11th I was sitting out back watching the sky because of my recent sighting on the 3rd. At 12:30 I saw a large what I thought to be airplane moving from over the western horizon flying to the east. It had very bright flickering lights that caught my eye. At first sight I assumed airplane and didn't even really flinch. But after a few moments I didn't hear anything and the lights were definitely flickering not like a planes would and not in a real definable manner, as if they were randomly placed and had the appearance of making this a very large object. There were 3 white lights on the 'tips' a flashing red light and a flashing white light. I turned on my video camera, Sony HI8 Handy Cam model CCD-TRV65. I had the exposure turned all the way up and manual zoom on. I have about 3 minutes of this object moving from one end of the horizon to the other. As soon as I figure out how to transfer video from a 8MM tape to my PC I will submit it. Please if anyone knows how to get this video onto a PC please contact me. Thank you;47.7992;-116.7393
TRIANGULAR FLY BY AGAIN... 3 WHITE FLASHING LIGHTS ONE PULSING RED LIGHT;2009-06-12 00:47:00;5 minutes;TRIANGULAR FLY BY AGAIN... 3 WHITE FLASHING LIGHTS ONE PULSING RED LIGHT June 12 2009 12:47 am PST  I was outside watching the sky because of recent sightings when an object I initially thought to be an airplane entered my view from above a treetop. I wanted to take video of it to compare to my last sighting of a triangular object so I began to film it with my SONY HI8 Handi Cam model CCD-TRV65. This object had the identical light pattern as before. 3 dim white lights, one on each 'tip' and a pulsing white light and a pulsing red light. There is one significant difference between this sighting and the others. This time I heard what sounded like jet engines. This object flew at the same slow pace across the sky from West to East as the last one. I have about 3 minutes of video of this sighting and the weird thing is that once it moved closer to the Eastern Horizon it seemed to 'hover' because there was a point where the lights should have been disappearing but they didn't. I dont know how to transfer HI8 video to a PC but I will upload the video ASAP.;47.7992;-116.7393
three dim lights in the sky.;2010-09-03 10:45:00;10 sec;three dim lights in the sky. i was sitting on my porch playing on my computer as i normally do and i seen two objects then a third moving at very steady yet swift speeds with low light coming from the objects and my computer screen flickered which isn't normal for an LCD monitor , then i went to get my camera but too late i supose  so i went to take another look but no sign of them.;47.7992;-116.7393
Dark Triangle, No Lights, Totally Silent in Night Sky (N. Idaho);2020-07-21 01:45:00;45 seconds;Dark Triangle, No Lights, Totally Silent in Night Sky (N. Idaho) Large, dark, solid Triangle shaped object with NO LIGHTS, almost the same color as the night sky, but Not quite.  It was about 300-500 feet over the top of our treetops.  I was looking for falling stars, and would NOT have even seen or noticed it at all but that it flew over the trees where I was looking, and it obviously blocked out the sky behind it.  There was NO sound—it was eerily quiet, in fact.  And it didn’t seem like it was in a big hurry, just steadily going by, and it disappeared from my view when it passed over another bunch of trees on the other side of my house. What struck me the most was how stealthy it was.  No lights at all.  No sound.  Just a solid, dark shape blocking out the sky behind it.  I couldn’t help but realize that this object would not be seen at all by most people, even if it was right over their heads—you just very likely would not notice it at all unless you were specifically looking where it was flying.  I woke up my husband immediately, and we sat outside for another hour or so, but didn’t see anything else (although we did see several falling stars).  After I went back inside I began looking up known stealth-type aircraft from our government for comparative purposes, and what I found online was not remotely close to what I saw, and the videos I saw showed aircraft that made noise.  So they weren’t even remotely the same.  I don’t know what the aircraft that I saw is, but I would be thrilled to have it as an asset for our country.  If we own something like that in our arsenal, we are even more badass than I ever! dreamed!  Also of note is that I live a few blocks from I-95.  The object would have crossed the highway, it was not moving parallel to it, from East to West.;47.7992;-116.7393
