Sun. July 31, 1984 10-pm sighting Middlebury CT over Police tower I-84 next to South St. arch bridge;1984-07-31 22:00:00;15 mins;Sun. July 31, 1984 10-pm sighting Middlebury CT over Police tower I-84 next to South St. arch bridge I had an experience in 1984 I will never forget.  My name is ((name deleted)). I am now 44, in 1984 I was 24, and at the time I was a D-J at a radio station in central Connecticut. It was a Sunday night, summertime, I know it was July 31st, 1984. I had just visited my parents, watched 60 minutes (thats how I remember it was a Sunday night at the time I remember thinking it was at the beginning of the month, but I looked it up on a perpetual calendar and realized it was a few hours before August 1st.) and I watched a movie with them, and left about 10 o'clock and drove home on I-84. My parents lived in Newtown and I in Waterbury. Driving up thru Middlebury, past exit 16, I saw what I thought was a plane coming down fast to my right, in the corner of my eye. As I drove up a grade, the plane came down over some pine trees, and I was approaching a large Arch bridge in front of me about a quarter of a mile ahead. The plane  stopped on a dime instantaneously above the bridge !  For about 1/8th of a second I thought it was a military jet called a VTOL  (Vertical take off or landing) -- there is Oxford airport about a mile away to my right at this point -- and so I thought, Oh !  A  VTOL !!  And then, in that 1/8th of a second, my heart came up into my throat !!!  It's not a VTOL but a freakin' UFO  !!! And I am driving at 65 m.p.h. -- RIGHT TOWARDS IT !!!   It scared the ((deleted)) me so much I was trying in those few seconds to figure out how to turn around, but the ditch to the other side of the highway was too steep, I'd get stuck in my Ford Escort if I tried it. So, my next thought was to floor it --- fly at high speed right under the bridge and UFO -- but as I got up to it, I was then thinking, this might be the ONLY chance I ever get to see something like this, so I mustered all my nerve and found a place to pull over. I sat there for what I thought was 15 minutes, virtually frozen in my seat, scared to death, watching this thing move slowly to the other side of the highway over a large police radio tower next to the bridge ...  it was only a few hundred feet from me... I felt I could have hit it with a rock or a baseball if I'd had the nerve. Well, it hovered, turned -- rotated, actually -- very slowly, and I unwound my window and heard NO sound, just crickets and cars passing by. I looked at two as they went by, I remember seeing the people looking up at it, and thinking I wasn't the only person seeing this. The proverbial deer in the headlights phrase kept going thru my mind. It was larger than a two-story house, just floating there, and I definitely had the feeling I was being watched, I was NEVER so scared in my entire life. It had what looked like a notch cut out of one side of it, otherwise it seemed almost round, but there were actually flat sides to it, like a dodecahedron, with what I would describe as xmas tree lights all over it, but much more brighter and more brilliant, brilliant colors of blue, red, yellow, purple, all kinds of colors. I could also see what looked like metal-work on it behind the lights, like, beams or something, and I remember thinking WOW, this is something not made on this planet ! The thing floated there for 15 minutes, or so I thought.... because it then moved slowly away, disappeared over a hill, and I drove home, went up to my apartment, drained from this, but I couldn't sleep, so I sat down in my dark apartment at my kitchen table, sat there for what I thought was 10 -15 mins., looked at my watch and was stunned to see it was 3:30 am !!   So what happened to the time ?? I still do not know, I am now looking into some hypnosis sessions to find out what happened, my sister knows a woman who does hypnosis. Anyway, although the experience scared the living crap out of me at the time, I was glad to have experienced it because it gave me insight into the fact that not only are we NOT alone, but that how insignificant things can be on this lonely little planet in a corner of the Universe in the grand scheme of things.  Not that things aren't important here, but just to know that there are many other things going on we have NO clue about in the vastness of space. And not only that, but at least I know in my heart what I saw  and no one can take that away from me,even if they don't believe me at least I believe what I myself saw. The next night, I got on the radio and asked if anyone had seen anything and got 4 or 5 calls from people who'd seen similar looking UFOs the night before, one down near the Merritt Parkway and another near Waterbury I remember.;41.5381;-73.1114
I-84 sighting summer Sunday July 31, 1984 at the arch bridge, Middlebury CT 10 pm 15 mins;1984-07-31 22:00:00;15 minutes;I-84 sighting summer Sunday July 31, 1984 at the arch bridge, Middlebury CT 10 pm 15 mins Driving on I-84 East past exit 16 (Mobil Station top of hill)...there is Oxford Airport 1 mile to the South...I see aircraft all the time here. July 31, 1984, I know date because I'd just left my parents' house in Newtown after watching CBS's 60 Minutes with Mom & Dad, and a movie...10 pm...I passed exit 16, the sky was misty & rainy ... rounded a curve, saw a bright light coming in from my right (directly over the airport, heading east with me and descending fast)...it came over some trees, I saw it thru the windshield. My first thought: airplane about to circle around and go to the airport. It crossed my windshield as I started up a 25-degree grade toward the South St. bridge, a large Arch Bridge over 84 with a police tower adjacent to the bridge. As I was driving toward the bridge, the object Stopped instantly on a dime directly over the bridge, in front of me. For 1 second, my thought was oh! a VTOL (Vertical Take-Off or Landing Aircraft....Jets used usually on ships in the Navy)then after 1 second, I instantly realized it was a UFO! I was driving right AT IT! My heart came up into my mouth, as I realized I had seconds to decide if I could turn around, but the median there wouldn't allow it, I would've gotten stuck. I then decided to floor it and go right under it. Then I decided this might be the only time I might ever see one, so I forced myself to pull over. I watched it for 15 mins. It was about double the size of a 2-story house. It appeared to me to be shaped like a tetrahedron, with one upper side cut out of it. Many lights, different colors, all over it, about 20 lights, looked like typical Christmas tree lights, including purple, yellow, red, blue, green, white. As I pulled over, it was perfectly still over the bridge, was VERY low, and after a few mins it moved over very slowly to the tower and hovered there. I felt like I was DEFINITELY being watched, and was totally terrified. My body was violently shaking like I was cold, it was hard to control my shaking. The ter! m deer in headlights crossed my mind. I saw cars and trucks going by, and I have a photograph in my head of a split second shot of two people going by me at 60 m.p.h. and looking up at the UFO. The object was so low, I had the feeling that if I had a baseball, I just about could have hit it. Definitely could have with a sling-shot. The object was rotating slowly, and I unrolled my window. All I heard was crickets when there were no cars. I had a 1-Million candle-light power super flashlight plugged into my cigarette lighter, next to my right knee on the passengers' side floor and it crossed my mind to fire a light on this thing, and I just could not get up the will to do it, I started shaking more just thinking about it. I was cursing myself for not having my camera bag, I am a photographer - hobbyist, and usually carry it with me. I could see what appeared to be a large hole in the darkness behind the lights, and a definite grill-work pattern with pipes and such along the bottom, and smooth sides, but it was hard to see from the brightness. I remember being amazed thinking this was NOT made on this planet! The object very slowly moved away from the tower, traveling directly over 84 West opposite me, then after passing me picked up speed. I didn't move at first. I looked into my rear-view mirror, saw it, then carefully opened the door, stood up and put my elbow on the car roof, and watched it disappear over the horizon toward Southbury and Newtown. I then drove down the hill to exit 17, called my parents and I remember waking my Dad. I told him what I'd seen, we discussed it for a few mins., then I went home to my Waterbury apartment. I sat down in the dark at my kitchen table, looked out the window, watched the light from Waterbury coming in the window ....and sort of daydreamed about the whole incident for a bit...then I looked at my watch and it was 3:30 am !! I do not know if I had a missing time episode or not. I did call Oxford airport, but I don't recall if it was that night or the next ! morning. My Father is now deceased, so I can't ask if he remembers what time I called him. My Mother does not remember the episode...I don't know if she woke up or not when I called. I was a disc-jockey at a Waterbury radio station at the time, and I asked the audience a few nights later if they'd seen anything...I received about a dozen phone calls, one I remember particularly about a couple who saw one on the Merritt Parkway the same night. At the time, I had no clue that there was a Hudson Valley UFO flap going on.;41.5381;-73.1114
