A brief up close interaction with a massive UFO.;1978-05-01 00:30:00;3-5 min;A brief up close interaction with a massive UFO. The date is approximate, I do remember hearing on TV the next morning about multiple reports of strange lights over Lake Erie near Lackawanna,NY which was the direction it was coming from when I encountered it. I was driving down a winding country road that ran bbetween a farmhouse and it's barn then a grove of trees and finally under overhead wires into a clearing and that's when I first saw it slowly moving from right to left no more than 200' above my home at the other end of the cornfield. The sight of this massive football shaped UFO with these 3 huge lights passing across my windshield caused me to immediately stop. I couldn't tell if I was looking at the bottom of the ship and it was scanning the countryside on its edge or if there were other sides of the ship that had more lights. I don't know why I decided to flash my high beams but when I did it stopped, just hovering there. I exited the car and stood there staring at it. I fixated on the 3 lights and that's when I detected a very slight wobble. I remember thinking next that there was no sound and then I looked to make the shape out in the night sky and that's when I noticed all the small lights thruout the ship that enabled me to discern it's shape. Just as I was doing this one of the small lights detached and made a backwards arcing manuver which left it lower and behind the mothership? over the road ahead of me. That's when it turned on a beam shining down to the width of the road and began to approach me. I jumped in my car and instinctively went in reverse. Both ships immediately broke off in different directions and were gone in seconds. Someone recently suggested I may have been abducted without remembering anything since the encounter ended so abruptly. Something I never thought of but I did! develop a mysterious virus that I received a follow up call years after the hospital closed which while I didn't connect it to anything I do remember mentioning to my wife at the time that the call was odd. I still don't believe that I was abducted though.;43.0329;-78.6398
