A sighting of the Hudson Valley UFO;1982-05-20 20:00:00;20 minutes;A sighting of the Hudson Valley UFO I know this is old news.  I've been reading about the Hudson Valley sightings and was excited to read that there are many similarities to what I saw, and I'm certain that what I saw is consistent with those events.  Here goes:  I'm really not sure of the date, but on the evening of the sighting, I was at the opposite end of my house, which was a duplex, sneaking a smoke with my 2 brothers.  I remember looking at the sky and saying out loud how cool it would be to see a UFO.  Suddenly, my mother called for me and said that I had a telephone call.  It was my friend from up the street.  He wanted to borrow an audio cassette of my brother's, and asked if I could bring it to his house.  He lived in the third house up the street from us, to the east.  As I walked to his house by myself, I looked up to my left (North) and saw a formation of lights heading Southeast.  There was no sound coming from the lights, so I figured this was something to keep an eye on.  I ran to my friend's house and told him he needed to come outside and see what was going on.  We walked further up the street to the east and just past the next intersection where we could see that the lights had stopped directly over the local recreation area's pond.  There was no noise, and no movement.  I can't recall whether the lights were blinking or not.  As we were observing the object, a smaller object of white light came over us from the original direction of the larger object (North to South) and seemed to fly up into the center of the lights, where it disappeared.  After a few minutes, the object started moving to the Southeast.  The recreationarea also has a big sledding hill, over which the object eventually disappeared out of sight.  We were pretty excited about the whole incident.  I went home and told my mother and brothers what I had seen, and on the local 11 o'clock news, a report about it claimed it was a bunch of private pilots out of the Stormville, NY airport flying in formation as a practical joke.  Knowing that airplanes don't hover and do make noise, I can say with 100% certainty that we were not watching private airplanes.  Again, I know this was a longtime ago, but I noticed in the articles on the ufoevidence.org wesite there aren't any mentions of anything being sighted in my area. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.5041000000001;-72.9167000000001
star-like objects moving in the sky.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-05 23:00:00;1 hour or so;star-like objects moving in the sky It was pretty far away but we seen small star like objects moving across the sky, one after another, there had to be 30 of them. It went on as long as we watched which we watched for at least an hour. This also occurred again on either the 7th or 8th, the same thing happened. Not sure what this is but I cannot find anything online that would explain what we saw. So they looked as if they were stars but they were moving. But not the way a shooting star would, I have seen those before as well. This was different. This was creepy feeling. Anyway, thought I would report it. At times the light would get brighter & dimmer as well.;41.5041000000001;-72.9167000000001
