2 Large Boomerang Shapes seen in night sky in Encino, CA.;2008-10-20 19:15:00;10 minutes;2 Large Boomerang Shapes seen in night sky in Encino, CA. At approximately 19:15 hours on October 20th 2008 I went out on my second story apartment balcony which faces north/northwest to have a cigarette.  Gazing east/northeast I observed a string of dark red lights in a boomerang formation travelling southeast to northwest.  The lights never changed formation leading me to speculate they were not individual objects but that they belonged to a singular object.  The light appeared to blink in a tip-to-tip sequence, alternating starting points. The object was occluded from my view after about 30 seconds due to a very large tree in my building courtyard, so I moved to the other side of the porch hoping that the object's path would allow it to be visible on the other side of the tree.  It unfortunately was not. I did however continue to gaze into the sky hoping maybe it would appear.  About 5 or 10 minutes after the initial sighting, I happened to look back in the direction I originally saw the object only to see it AGAIN or an identical object traveling in the same exact  path as the first object.  I would estimate this sighting was the same duration, my view being once again occluded by the large tree. This second object as it passed seemed to me to be followed by one or two aircraft.  Whether these were  jet or helicopter I am not certain. As far as judging the size of these two objects, I was asked by the gentleman manning your hotline to approximate using the full moon as my measure.  Based on this I can say that the objects tip to tip could have touched the top and bottom of a late evening full moon, if not complete wrap around it. I am no aviation expert but having lived in this area for over two years I am quite accustomed to hearing and seeing commercial jets and private headed for LAX or Burbank pass over my building.  Had this object been one of these judging from its size, it would have been extremely low and emitting very loud engine noise.  There was no discernible noise coming from these objects. My wife who would have normally been here is away on business so I was the sole witness to this event unfortunately.;34.166344402985;-118.508209701493
