Nine red - lighted UFO.;2005-06-30 22:00:00;25 seconds;Nine red - lighted UFO. The UFO was seen at night in clear skies. The UFO appeared to have nine lights, the center light being largest. The center light was lit the hole time, as I recall. The lights were all orange-red colored, almost glowing. The center light moved from place to place in the western sky. The light randomly stoped moving from place to place, then two lights on each side of the center light, that were slightly smaller appeared simultaneously. Right after the second lights appeared to the side of the main light, two more appeared on the sides of the secondary lights, slightly smaller than the second lights. This occurred twice more making nine lights side by side. It appeared like this  (*)( * )( *  )( *   )(  *  )(   * )(  * )( * )(*)  The middle light being larger than the rest. 	After all nine lights were shining the UFO would hold for, I'd say 3 or 4 seconds. It would then close up reverse order from how it opened, or lit up. It repeated this process several times, as if it were searching for something. After about 30 seconds it shot off into the sky and vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));37.3461;-95.2725
White moving star rapidly traversing the sky from south to north across Kansas on July 21, 2008.;2008-07-21 22:00:00;2;White moving star rapidly traversing the sky from south to north across Kansas on July 21, 2008. The sighting began between 22:00-22:10 in Southeast Kansas on July 21, 2008 and lasted approximately 2 min.  I noticed what looked like a star slowly moving northward in the southern sky approximately 30 degrees above the horizon. The object was the intensity of a moderately bright star and appeared to gain speed as it traversed just west of overhead. When almost directly overhead it dimmed and then briefly lit up more brightly than before, to the point of being the brightest object in the sky. At this point I called for my wife to come out and look and as soon as she stepped out the object dimmed once more, and then briefly intensified before disappearing into the area of the Big Dipper.  A commercial jet passed from east to west (slightly north of my vantage point) shortly before the object passed and appeared to be much lower in altitude than the object. The object seemed to zigzag and change speed almost imperceptibly and the entire time gave the impression that it was as far away as a star. It was a white light with no blinking, flashing, or changing colors other than the brief dimming and intensifying described above.  While I am a skeptic when it comes to UFO’s, there is no question in my mind that the object was not a “shooting star” or any kind of military or commercial aircraft and I have never seen anything like this before.;37.3461;-95.2725
