New Year's Day around 1:30 a.m two redish/yellowish/orange lights appear in the sky, one after the other diasappears;2005-01-01 00:15:00;10 minutes;New Year's Day around 1:30 a.m two redish/yellowish/orange lights appear in the sky, one after the other diasappears My family and I were enjoying the new year's day events.  We went upstairs to take a peek at the disneyland and knott's berry farm firework displays when something catches my eye. At first i thought it was plane passing over but then it stopped and seemed like it was hovering really really high. Then a plane passes by and that's when i knew it wasn't a plane. It had a redish-yellowish-orange color to it. Seem like it was a rotating light. Was weird beacuse uually under the city lights you don't get to see much space events like the stars so it had to be a really bright object. It brought back memories when I saw a similar object about 2 years ago that appeared in the sky and changed colors then disappeared. The recent one was similar to it but moved around more. It would move then stop then move and stop again then it just disappeared. We looked around in the sky searching for it when we saw another one in more towards the north-eastern sky. It was just like the one before and a plane passes by their (planes going to LAX) and the object stops. Moves around a little and change colors to bright yellow to red to orange. It seemed like it got closer but then zoom back then just hover and then disappeared a couple minutes later. I got these suspicious lights on my camcorder. Tried the besti could to get some good footage but im not a pro. The video i took u can distinguish the color of it and a really bright light. I just wanted to know what this object/s are. Thanks for your time. (pleaze don't make this a super big deal, i was just curious what it was) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) lights appear then disappear (correcting time of event from the fullerton, CA event)  sorry but i just wanted to let u know that after watching the tape i made the mistake of putting the time of this even previously at 1:30 am but after watching the video it was 12:15 am. i also wanted to know how come i haven't gotten any feedback from this event?;33.8827326460475;-117.911202863689
