At approximately 2:30 on September 21, 2008 I heard a buzzing sound that appeared to be coming from my roof. I stepped onto the porch a;2008-09-21 02:30:00;40 minutes;At approximately 2:30 on September 21, 2008 I heard a buzzing sound that appeared to be coming from my roof. I stepped onto the porch and spotted a saucer shaped object roughly fifteen feet across. After getting my cell phone, I ran outside to the front lawn to get a photo of this object, which was about 40 feet away. The object started to move towards me slowly so I ran back inside the house. My porch was flooded with light. A few minutes later I saw what looked like vapor falling from the ceiling. I started losing feeling from my arms and legs so I hurried out of the house onto the porch. The paralyses faded after leaving the house. I saw an alien figure about 5 foot tall .It had a large head and large dark eyes. I pointed the phone at it as it charged me and took a photo. It then stopped and backed away. I noticed a large object moving over my roof towards me. Again, vapor like substance started to fall making me lose feeling in my legs and arms. I went into the house and locked the door. I saw an ugly looking face peeking into my kitchen window. I walked over while making eye contact and took a photo. It shook its head violently as if irritated. The bottom of my blinds on the living room window went away from the wall ten inches. I again saw a vapor falling from the ceiling so I ran back onto the porch. I called my father to hurry over to the house. I also called 911. An officer came and the craft left instantly as the car approached. I told him what happened but he didn’t believe what I had to say. After he left the craft came back quickly. My father showed up minutes later and they left for good. My brother went onto the roof that day and found that some shingles were broke. Also four groups of large staples were found. The ground was wet and there were a few circular impressions in the grass .;47.8233;-116.8892
Dear Mr. Davenport, Here is a brief description of my brothers experience.I'm listing my contact information because we do not want it;2008-09-21 02:30:00;40 minutes;Dear Mr. Davenport, Here is a brief description of my brothers experience.I'm listing my contact information because we do not want it posted on the site.  We would like to meet with you and discuss this amazing encounter in person. At approximately 2:30 AM my brother ((name deleted)) heard something walking on his roof.  He went outside and discovered a craft hovering about 20 feet off the ground.  He then ran to get his phone and started taking pictures.  Beings were on the ground and at one point one being quickly approached him but stopped when he snapped a photo.  Some kind of mist was falling from his ceiling which made him start to feel paralyzed so he moved away from the area.  At one point an alien which had small eyes and a shriveled face peeked through the window. ((name deleted)) then went close snapped a photo and the being acted as if it angered him.He did not get this photo and the phone turned off twice during this experience. There are several photos of craft and beings.The photos are dark but the beings can be seen and one photo of a craft is impressive.We would like to meet in person.I know this sounds to good to be true please believe me when I say this is NOT a hoax or a joke.He would like to sell the phone and we would be willing to talk about this encounter and more on a program.I have a lot of interesting information to talk about also. Hope to hear from you soon. ((name deleted)) 1-509-((number deleted));47.8233;-116.8892
