Craft over Oakley.;2014-01-21 20:00:00;2 minutes;Craft over Oakley The object started out as three bright white lights which seemed at first to be airplane lights but coming my direction.  The lights to started moving around up and down but at the same time a bit tilted (to clarify the lights looked as to be connected to each other, not separate objects).  Almost as in an airplane doing maneuvers but sideways…  It is a bit hard to explain and that is why it caught my eye, I was almost in a trance trying to figure out what was going on.  The object then stopped in mid air for about thirty seconds and hovered there.  It then began to light up fully in white lights and got very bright for thirty more seconds and steadily moved the opposite direction until it was out of sight.  The object was disk shaped when it was fully lit but I could not see the shape previous to that.. My boyfriend and I were on a walk when it happened, I can’t remember the exact time but it was around 8-9pm on January 21st. I did not hear a sound the entire time the object was in view which was another reason I thought it to be strange seeing as it was close enough to where we should have heard something.   This is my second reporting in the past two months (my last being orange orbs) as well as I have heard two other cases from friends and family seeing orange orbs and a craft like object in Oakley within the same time period…   I would love to know an explanation to these incidences as they seem to be occurring regularly within the past couple of months.. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.9935;-121.7015
It was hovering over a housing unit for at least 2 minutes then I went to gaze at it better an it came towards me above my apartment un;2014-09-29 05:00:00;4 minutes;It was hovering over a housing unit for at least 2 minutes then I went to gaze at it better an it came towards me above my apartment unit I could see it clearly must have been barely 100 ft in the air it was bright with 4 lights underneath some flashing colors as well it was too low for it to be a plane an too quiet to be a helicopter I've seen thins like this before in my area the flying objects just seem to hover over certain areas for a few moments I think till they get spotted an then they just vanish some quicker then others very strange but I do believe this was a ufo .. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.9935;-121.7015
