I videoed a very bright, what seemed like a star.  On video you can see it is white and red light and it zig zags real fast.;2006-09-06 12:30:00;Still there every night;I videoed a very bright, what seemed like a star.  On video you can see it is white and red light and it zig zags real fast. I noticed for some evenings now that there is a very bright looking star that you know isn't a star or a plane.  It stays in the same area every night.  I videoed it and it jumps all over and zig zags  and it has a white light and a red light and when it comes closer it turns into a very bright round light.  It's so fast, it jumps all over. You can see it jumping vaguely without the video.  It's real freaky.  I think there are more.  I have a good video of it, if you're interested.;37.9935;-121.7015
someone called in on coast to coast open lines and reported seeing what i saw. we both were at the drive in. small world.;2015-11-17 19:00:00;5 minutes;Someone called in on coast to coast open lines and reported seeing what i saw.  we both were at the drive in.  Small world. Large square shaped.  several cities must of seen this.  it was invisible and like breathing it seemed to come in and out of visibility. Like it was cloaked but i could see it every other second.  the middle opened and a triagle shaped ufo came out and flew south then one came out and went north and one more came out and went straight up.  i was alone in my backyard. three yrs ago i went to the drive in, that is also in this same area.  during the movie a ufo  slowly flew right over our car and the whole drive in.  i clearly saw 2 human shaped  e t's.  my husband said it was my imagination as he saw nothing.  i listen to coast to coast radio nightly.  thank god for this conformation i recieved and am so grateful for.  you see  several days afterwards i was listening to friday night open lines.  on coast to coast and a man called in.  he said he was at the blank drive in.  which he  did say the name and everything on the radio.  he said he was with his wife and brother and sister in law.  he began to tell the same thing i saw.  he said everything i saw  clearly and exactly as i saw it.  the same colors and the two people in side the large glass window..  i remember george noory saying that their is a military sight . near by. and that maybe it was a secret testing going on.  i tend to agree.  because every part of the ufo seem to have worldly parts lights windows and human lookers inside who were clearly wearing masks. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.9935;-121.7015
