My friend and I were driving south on Main St in Oakley CA it was 8:25pm and we saw two flying objects in the sky.;2011-08-21 20:25:00;15 mins;My friend and I were driving south on Main St in Oakley CA it was 8:25 pm and we saw two flying objects in the sky. One was shaped triangular and the other was oval shaped. They were flying slow at first, then sped up fast perfectly in sync with each other. I said to my friend wait what is that and she replied I was just thinking the same thing. Next I said to her look there are fast blinking lights coming from them. The triangular one appeared as if it was rotating. It was apparent they were not air planes or helicopters. I asked her for her phone and started taking pictures. Then told her to follow them. They were large about 400 feet in diameter aprox 75 ft from the ground.  They were headed north west  in the same direction as we were. After five minutes They both went off to the east and higher into the sky. Then they just stopped and hovered there. We pulled over on to the side of the road and took pictures and video. The lights were extremely bright, and white. They stayed there for ten minutes. I went running off the side of the road to get a closer look and then they started coming closer to us. So I stopped and then the two objects separated into six flying objects. The one shaped as a triangle became three little objects flying. So did the oval shaped object. They were much smaller (maybe 55 ft dia) now and traveling faster. Because they were rotating fast in a triangle shape they appeared as if it was one large object which is not the case. The same goes for the oval object. Then they started moving further away we got back into the car to try and follow them in the opposite direction. Before they disappeared they were now  headed north east. We turned our car around and proceeded that direction looking for them. We have video of our lights and electronics turnig on and off. They were nowhere in site anymore.  I looked over and saw a police car just sitting on the side of the road.  This was now on E. Cypress and Seller st. I told my friend we have to tell the cop and report this. She said no he will think we are crazy. I said to her he’s facing the direction of the objects maybe he seen them to.  She pulled up next to him and I said hello “ Im not crazy or on drugs but did you just see... and he interrupted before I could say another word and he said “ The flying objects in the sky,  Yes I did”. He then told us he called Travis air force base to see if they had anything in the air and they told him no. He gave us his card with all his information he was actually the sergeant and then said “ Well if I disappear and am not hear tomorrow make sure you report t! his”.  As we were driving off another car pulled over and we overheard them starting to tell him what they saw in the sky.;37.9935;-121.7015
Bright Starlike Orbs Slowly Move down to 50-100FT. Above Earths Surface Without Sound;2012-09-01 00:30:00;2 hours;Bright Starlike Orbs Slowly Move down to 50-100FT. Above Earths Surface Without Sound We were at the Westwind Drive-In, in Concord, CA, when as we were waiting to have our battery jumped, I had nothing better to do, but to look up at the aircraft that were coming in for a landing, or just taking off, as the drive in is located right next to the small airport, when I noticed two starlike objects that were just hoovering about 200 feet above the earths surface and heard no noise.  After getting my vehicle started, I left and entered Hwy. 4, as I got into the slow lane, one of the objects moved down to about 50 feet above the freeway and once again, I heard zero noise and it appeared triangular, with three points and was just one color and extremely bright, white light.  Then, as I began to move down the freeway, towards Brentwood, these two lights, moved back up to about 300 feet and began pulsing, and even having flashing red lights, my children were in the car with me and saw it too and began getting scared when we saw the triangular shape and heard no noise whatsoever!  These continued to travel down Hwy. 4, until one finally settled, hoovering at around 375 feet, at where appears to be downtown Bethel Island and the other, at about 150 feet above the old farm that is at the end of Sellers Avenue, near Iron House Elementary School. I have seen these things turn into a grey gassy orb as well, but these seem to just go back to being singularly bright and hoovering.  I guess besides wondering what these things are,  where they came from, and what they want with us, I guess I'm just wondering why the United States Government isn't doing anything about this! I've seen all sorts of videos on You Tube that have these exact things in them all over the world, the videos that are the most puzzling to me though are where NASA astronauts saw these things a long time ago and is being told by Houston to just ignore them.  Can these things hurt us?  This isn't my families first time seeing them and there really isn't anyone ! to call to report it to, with the exception of the local polic! e, who w ill more than likely think that you're some sort of nut.  I've had four adults and one child in my family see them now, that have always believed that besides GOD, that we are alone and did not believe in any sort of aliens!  We now know that we are definitely not alone and are beginning to get worried, is anyone else?  I feel like I want to start some sort of chapter or something, but am not sure how much good that would do, it doesn't appear as though we would have any sort of defense against these things anyway, if they should become agressive at some point!;37.9935;-121.7015
