We thought it was we were looking at a sky full of stars...until they all started to move....;1974-05-15 21:00:00;30 minutes;We thought it was we were looking at a sky full of stars...until they all started to move.... I was fourteen...me and my sister (15 then) was in our home..an apartment type above a tavern. I was in the kithen, my sister in the livingroom.   We lived on Van Houten Ave. on a corner.  Across from us was a factory/warehouse.  It had a generator that made a rumbling noise. I was washing dishes facing the side street.   My sister yelled for me to look out the window...she was excited.  She was looking out the front window facing Van Houten Ave. She kepet screaming for me to look towards the factory.  I stuck my head out the window and saw this object kind of hoovering over the factory.  It was HUGE.  It was kind of cigar shaped and I don't know if it made any sound really, because of the generator, but it seems to me that the sound was a bit different than usual.   Anyhow, it wasn't a blimp or anything I'd ever seen, or have since seen.  I remember there was a light revolving around the (what I assume to be) nose of the vessel.  But the light didn't seem to be attached to anything, or be radiating from anywhere actually, it was just a light revolving around the nose.  This vessel hoovered there for about ten minutes give or take.   Me and my sister were hollering back and forth at each other trying to figure out what we were looking at, and what to do about it.  It just kind of sat there in mid air for a while, and then it turned it's nose straight up in a semi-slow motion, and it shot straight up in an instant it was gone.  No fire, no flames, no loud roar...nothing like that...It went straight into space and was gone instantly.  This happened on one night, and on another night...same place, but I think it was a little earlier in the evening.  Me anad my sister were again in our home.  I was in the kitchen again, but I'm not sure what room my sister was in.  My younger brother and a friend of his was outside jumping their bikes on a ramp.  All of a sudden we heard them screaming for us.  We thought something really bad had happened, and we ran down the stairs and out the door expecting something, I don't know what.  Anyways, we run out to help and find my brother and his friend staring at the sky.   We were like, What?!? and they both point straight up, and yell Look! Look! they're moving  we didn't know what they were talking about.  We looked up and saw a sky with stars...no big deal...at least that was our first reaction.  And that's what we told them...yeah okay, big deal..Stars!!!  But they kept hollering....No...No...Really....Watch 'em!!!  They're moving!!!  So we decide to humor them...so okay, we'll watch for a few minutes.  Just a clear night with a sky of stars.   Well, they did start to move!!!  Every one of them started moving.  they started out slowly, kind of making circles and designs...but it was each and every one of them...they started slow, and gradually got faster and faster, and faster, and then they all kind of shot towards each other and instantly stopped in a clump...for maybe five seconds...then they shot out in different directions, every one of them, and they were gone.  Not a star in the sky.   None of us knew what to do, or say, we just all stared at each other.  I do think my brother said something to the fact that he was glad that we seen it too 'cause it kind of scared them.  I do remember trying to tell my mother about it...and she just looked at us like we were nuts or something, and dismissed it all as our imagination, or it had to be something else...but we all know what we saw...and actually, I don't care one way or another if someone wants to beleive me/us or not.  It happened, and I think about it and know that there's life out there some where.   I know too that we STILL don't have anything made on this planet capable of the speed and manuverability that these things had then, and this all happened some 31 years ago.   I just thought that if any one wanted to hear about it, I would share it.  I think it was kind of cool myself. Thanks for listening. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.8565;-74.1230999999999
