Interaction with an unknown silent object which tumbled in a straight line away and up at a shallow angle to where a silver dot was.;1996-05-20 16:00:00;5 minutes;Interaction with an unknown silent object which tumbled in a straight line away and up at a shallow angle to where a silver dot was. It was a hot afternoon and I was cleaning out my parent’s house after my father died and mother went to a senior residence. I was preparing the house for sale.  I was taking things to the curb when I looked up to the north, the house faces east, and saw a small round silver colored dot, like the head of a pin held at arms length, sitting stationary in a clear blue sky.  I watched it for some time remembering how some groups used flashlights and other methods to contact ufo's.  Not knowing if what I was looking at was a high altitude weather balloon or not I took the what the heck attitude and waved at it and said, come on over here! several times. I swung my arm inviting what ever it was down.  It didn't move.  I walked into the house for more things to take to the curb and when I walked out front again I looked north and the small silver dot was gone.  As I turned to my right I caught sight of a round Mylar looking object the size of a silver dollar held at arms length tumbling end over end above the trees moving from the south to the north. It was thick like a Mylar balloon but had no edges. One half was shiny, reflective, and smooth the other side had a four pointed black star covering most of it.  I wanted to run inside for my video camera but didn't want to miss a second of what I was watching so I just stood there.  The object was tumbling in a straight elevating ascent to where the tiny silver dot used to be.  I've seen many balloons going up in the sky over the years but never saw anything tumbling like this.  No strings, no noise, just tumbling in a straight line. I stood there watching it till it disappeared. Several seconds after I lost sight of it a very fast jet flew from east to west at the same altitude as the object right across my line of vision.;40.8565;-74.1230999999999
it appeared out of no where and while in the sky it was just flipping and twirling and then just disappeared...;2005-08-27 23:00:00;aound 10 or more minutes;it appeared out of no where and while in the sky it was just flipping and twirling and then just disappeared... It was 6 of us. We were outside a movie theater waiting for it 2 turn 9:30 so we can go watch the movie.  We were all just laughing and talking about old memories.  Something made me just want to look up, so i did. I see something bright in the sky. It looked like a flying disc that had a white glow around it and it also had maybe two or three lights around it. My friends were amazed. We went walking towards it. Two of my friends said it was just a blimp but the others believed it was a UFO. I have a camera phone so i took a picture of it. It couldnt have been a blimp because of the way it was twirling and it slowed down then went faster till it lowered down n we couldnt see it any more cause of a building in front of us. The next day i told my other friends about it and they said that everybody from our town were getting out their cars to see it.;40.8565;-74.1230999999999
