Bizarre object scene over manitowoc airport;2003-05-15 22:00:00;2 - 3 mins;Bizarre object scene over manitowoc airport I was sitting in the passenger seat of my friends car sometime in may.  We drove to a field that is directly next to the manitowoc airport and parked in the field.  Their is a roadway that goes into the field and stops somewhere in the middle.   I can't think of the exact direction that we were facing, but i think we were facing North.  We were in the middle of a conversation when my friend shouted what the HELL is that???  He was pointing out the window on my side of the car when i turned and saw what he was pointing at.  This object was NO plane.  We had scene one plane go by allready and it was still visible behind our vehicle.  The shape of the object was unclear because we did not get the side-view of it.   If I sat directly strait it was 75 degrees to the right when we first saw it.  We hopped out of the car and watched it fly away shocked by what we were witnessing.  We watched it move past the field and over the tree line.  We jumped back into the car to see if we could chase it, but we couldent find it again.  What we were looking at is extremly hard to describe.  It had lights that moved rythmicly over the back.  The object could be best described as liquid light.  The light was red and Waved into the center (the center of the back, not the center of the object).   The BACK of the object was cigar shaped (not to say that it was a cigar shaped object) but the object itself was barely visible.  It flew very slow and couldent have been more then 55 meters off the ground.  It was larger then any aircraft that lands in manitowoc's airport.  It also was completly silent.  I will send a drawing if i can with this later.   I originally tried to report this about 2 days after it happened, but it didnt turn up on the site so i rewrote it today.  Prior to this expirence I refused to believe that a UFO of extra terrestrial origins would ever come anywhere close to earth or even our galaxy.  I dismised every report i had ever heard and thought the people were either just crazy or liars.  This expirents made me FAR more open to these stories. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));44.0986;-87.6782
