Bright light dancing in central southern Illinois sky.;2015-10-22 02:30:00;2 hours;bright light dancing in central southern Illinois sky. My first encounter occurred on Oct 15, exactly one week from my second encounter, if that's what you wanna call it, on Oct 22.  The 15th and the 22nd I awoke abruptly at exactly 2:30 am due to some incredibly vivid dreams.  As I awoke from these dreams both times, I found myself looking straight out my bedroom window. The first occurance I was by myself and it was a very clear dark night.  I observed a light in the southeastern sky that appeared to be moving what I would call a curly q formation.  I tried to debunk what I was witnessing to be a satellite or just a star that maybe my mind was playing some optical illusions on me. I watched this object stay in the same exact part of the sky until about 430 am which was about when I dosed back off. I know it wasn't a satellite because as the nights sky continued to slip off to the west these object continued its dancing and swirling in the night sky that appeared to every once in awhile give off a red shot of light imi! nate from the bottom.  I couldn't make out any definitive shape or size.  Whatever it was it was very bright, very fast, and very high in the sky.  On Oct 22, I observed the exact same thing visually.  Only thing different this time is I had my son who is 7 awake at the exact same time I did do to vivid dreams.  My girlfriend was with me as well I'd had told her about my incident the week prior which she laughed off.  Not this time I awoke her and made her observe and confirm what I was seeing.  She was creeped out to say the least.  I observed the object for another hour maybe hour and a half before I slipped back off to sleep.  I tried taking pictures. All I got was some poor low quality dots on screen.  Tried using my hd camcorder but the object was just to far off to get a good focus.  Someone somewhere had to witness this as well. I live out in the sticks though so maybe I'm the only nut in the country.  I'd just like to know if there's ever been a similar incident or maybe a video!  I could relate to.thank you.  Sleepless in Brownstown;38.9882;-88.9453
