I observed a bright orange triangle that made no noise and moved slowly into the North disappearing.;2005-05-20 03:00:00;5 minutes;I observed a bright orange triangle that made no noise and moved slowly into the North disappearing. A bright orange triangular object appeared from the East at treetop level.  It slowly moved Westerly in a wavy fashion. It then proceeded to move North slowly and faded off into the distance.  The object made no sound. The night was clear and still. I observed this from my backyard on my deck and the neighborhood was quite dark.  On the Northern horizon there was a faint display of the Northern Lights in the distance.  The object seemed to disappear about the point where the Northern Lights faded. The object would fit in the full moon, if the full moon was about half its normal size. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the Fergus Falls Daily Journal, and its award-winning journalist, Mr. Brandon Stahl, for publishing their article about this reported event. Please see other report from second witness in Fergus Falls.  The source of this report indicated that the object was in the northern sky, from his vantage point.  The second witness, who lived three blocks to the north of this witness, indicates that she had witnessed the object to the sourth, from her vantage point at her home.  If that second report is true, the object may have been located between the two witnesses.    PD));46.2786;-96.0925000000001
Man witnesses peculiar, orange-colored, triangular object against the night sky.;2005-05-20 03:00:00;2 min. (est.);Man witnesses peculiar, orange-colored, triangular object against the night sky. Telephoned Report:  A man called to report having witnessed a very peculiar, triangular-shaped craft, as it flew along a nearby river.  The witness reported that he awoke from sleep, and looked out the north-facing window of his residence at approximately 0250 hrs..  After a short period of time, he witnessed a very peculiar, triangular-shaped object, that was covered with many tiny orange lights.  The net effect of the lights was to give the object an overall, distinctly orange color.  He added that the object appeared to be an equilateral triangle, and its apparent size, from his vantage point, he thought would have been slightly smaller than the apparent size of a full Moon in the night sky.  The object slowly moved out of his sight to the east, after he had witnessed it for an estimated two minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  We were first apprised of this incident by Mr. Brandon Stahl, a journalist for  the Daily Journal Newspaper in Fergus Falls, MN.  We express our gratitude to Mr. Stahl, and to the Daily Journal, for their sharing the information with our Center.  That newspaper will publish an article about the incident in their May 21, 2005, issue, which can be read here:  http://www.fergusfallsjournal.com/    We spoke with the witness via telephone, and he seemed quite serious-minded to us, and his description of the object seemed very objective.  PD));46.2786;-96.0925000000001
