A very bright emerald green light sped from east to west, stopped and went straight up.;2001-08-01 21:10:00;10 seconds;A very bright emerald green light sped from east to west, stopped and went straight up. To Wit: I went to put the trash out, as I was doing so, to the south of my property I saw an emerald green light in the sky. It was traveling from east to west, and doing so at GREAT speed. It ( as I saw it) came from my left, and went to my right, (I was facing south). I am a US Marine, not given to flights of fantasy. I have been observing aircraft for many years, as I am a pilot. The light was constant, not pulsing in any way. It was moving VERY fast. Then it stopped and after only a half of second or so it went straight up until it was out of my view. After stopping and changing direction, I watched the light for 5 seconds or so. In that length of time I believe it was extra atmosphereic,based on my ability to determine the size reduction and rate of same. It could have moved slightly higher and reduced it's size similtaneously, however this did not seem to be the case to me, and I had no sense of this possibility at the time. Not knowing the distance to target, I unable to extraplolate the size of the light or source of the light. My best guess based on my experience is 15,000 feet Mach 2.5. or approximately 2250 MPH. I have never seen anything even close to this before,and with 46 years of information stored herein, I have no idea what this could have been. It was not usual and was unidentifiable with the limited amount of information. It was not a conventional aircraft of any kind.It may not have been a craft at all. Flight path and G forces endured would suggest other. However a platform for such a light does not currently exist in common knowledge. This observation suggests it does exist elsewhere, in fact it proves it (to me). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates a date of October 01, 2001.  We will attempt to obtain the correct date.  PD)) ((RESPONSE FROM WITNESS)) Director      The event occurred on or about the first of this month E.G. August, 2001. If I am able to bo of further assistance, you need but ask. ((initails deleted)) ((END RESPONSE)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have amended the date above, which is approximate.  PD));32.5844208178438;-86.189992565056
Flickering light high in the sky with smooth drone-like movements.;2016-09-25 20:30:00;1.5 hours;Flickering light high in the sky with smooth drone-like movements. At 8:30, I looked out my window and saw a flickering light.  It looked like a star that flickers (switching from a green to blue to red color very rapidly).  It looked strange, and we thought that it might be a plane, but it wasn't flashing like a plane.   Then my wife realized that it was moving to the left.  I looked and saw that it was moving slightly.  It went to the left then up and down in smooth motions like a drone.  We then thought it might be a drone.  This other white light, out of nowehre to the left of the object lights up in the sky. These two objects are the same size, but this new object is just a steady white light - not flickering.  It is going toward the flickering light quite fast compared to the speed of the other visible planes in the sky.  It then fades to black.   We decide to get in our cars to drive closer to the flickering light to see if it's just a drone.  We drive for 30 minutes toward this thing, and we never got closer.  It was way up in th! e sky.  There was no way this thing was a drone considering the amount of time we spent driving toward it and yet we were still that far away.  We gave up around 10:00 and went home.  By this time we could not see it anymore, it was gone.  I'm not a UFO guy.  I just saw something weird, and I have no clue what it was.;32.5844208178438;-86.189992565056
