UFO  sited in MY own yard ... the world felt like it stopped!!!!!!;1992-04-15 14:00:00;proly 10 20 mins.;UFO  sited in MY own yard ... the world felt like it stopped!!!!!! I am 13 years old now... at the time I was proly about 4 years old, but I DO KNOW WHAT  I SAW! I only told my mom ... who didn't believe me, and no one else because I was scared :( I was comming home from my neighbors house who's backyard backed up to the side of my yard..., in between  our yards is a ditch... and by the ditch is a fence, I had jsut climbed over into my yard goin in my house to eat dinner when everything suddenly got QUIET usually my grandpa is outside, but  this time he wasn't... in fact NO one was!!!! And I stopped , I have never figured out waht compelled me to do so but I stopped and froze I never moved a muscle as if i was dead! I even remember tryign to move and I couldn't! I jsut was frowzen then it's like my head was allowed to look up at the sky. When i Looked up into the sky there was a small saucer hoovering only feet above my head, or so it seemed. I remember MANY lights on the illuminous saucer shaped u.f.o. I have remembered it to this day as if it was yesterday although it is the weirdest thing  EVER to happen to me I never really ran or moved or did anything until my grandmother began to come outside from our garage, when i heard the door I blinked and it was like i was in a daze i  then started screaming and ran to her telling her but she looked up and told me i ahd a very vivid imagination but I will NEVER forget it! the picture in my mind of what I saw has stayed with me since then and it jsut doesn't seem like a dream or  pretend  thing! It hovered over me for what almsot seemed like forever, and the day seemed stop as if no one was alive! Again this was the strangest thing to ever happen to me ! I s till get chills often thinking about it but yet somehow a sense of peace but i can't understand y ic ouldn't move as if my  body had benn encased into ice like somehtign or someone was holding me tight! :( thanks for letting me share my storrie with you - a girl! lol p.s the saucer looked silver to me it also ahd a greenish tint sometimes while i was looking at it and at one point i heard a faint odd nose come form it  the whole time however it amde beeps and funny odd noises! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have amended it here.  PD));36.8389655913979;-76.3596956989247
