Two flashes of illuminating green light that lasted 3 seconds each & lit up the surrounding area.;1994-11-15 21:45:00;10 seconds;Two flashes of illuminating green light that lasted 3 seconds each & lit up the surrounding area. At the approximate date and time listed, My significant other and I were sitting in a stationary automobile that was parked facing east/west on a residential street off of Poindexter Avenue.  We were sitting in the vehicle conversing prior to ending our social engagement.  In the middle of a sentence a bright green light illuminated our surroundings.  The source of this light was unidentified, since the roof of the vehicle obstructed our view, however it appeared to be comming from above our location.  I clearly recall feeling like our vehicle was close to the center of this projected light, because I noticed a clearly defined break in the green light line on the background of the white walled residential houses.  The light was so bright that everything inside the vehicle and outside the vehicle seemed visually permiated.  The light remained constant for about three(3) seconds and then discontinued.  We both looked at each other speechless for a few seconds, then slowly asking each other what was that.  Approximately four(4) or five(5) seconds later the light re-illuminated our surroundings once again.  The duration was again, approximately three(3) seconds.  And again, the light was green with clearly defined line boundries on the white background of the near by houses.  This time I immediatly rolled down the window to see if there was some kind of aircraft.  We did not see any evidence of aircraft,any evidence of audio noise, or any remaining physical evidence of the event.  The closest way to describe the event was like a very very bright spot light someplace directly above the vehicle, but the light we saw was extremely bright, all consumming, and uniform in content.  I revisited the location many times after and could find no logical explanation for the events that took place.  I am a professional investigator of 11 years (currently) and am one of two credable witnesses.  I also noticed that on 02/15/03 in Virginia Beach a similar event was recorded. ((NUFORC Note:  We have written the witness, requesting that he attempt to provide a precise date for the event, if possible.  We observe that his sighting occurred at the approximate time of the annual Leonid meteor shower, but his description does not seem consistent with a typical meteor, unless it had been moving directly toward the witness.  If the event occurred in another year, we believe we may know what it was he observed.  PD));36.8389655913979;-76.3596956989247
