Bright orange object  in sky in Northern Portsmouth;2007-02-24 19:30:00;5 minutes;Bright orange object  in sky in Northern Portsmouth I was walking my dog and when I went out the door I noticed a very bright orange object in the sky to the northwest.  I thought possibly it was a planet or a star.  When I got a better look at it, it appeared to have moved closer and was even brighter orange.  I continued my walk and when I got back around the block, I looked where it had been and it was gone. Have no idea what it was.;36.8389655913979;-76.3596956989247
A burning flame, preceeded by a translucent white sphere trailed in low flight across the Elizabeth River at dusk;2014-06-07 20:40:00;60 seconds;A burning flame, preceeded by a translucent white sphere trailed in low flight across the Elizabeth River at dusk UFO Sighting: A friend and I visited another friend on the 8th floor balcony of his apartment in Portsmouth, Virginia.  The apartment complex is called The Heights at Old Towne.  The balcony faces to the northeast and overlooks the Elizabeth River, which was host to the Harbor Fest Celebration on the night of June 7, 2014.   The fireworks were due to start at 21:00, so we decided to get the best view from the balcony.  The barges which sat in the river that launched the fireworks were in our clear sight.  The fireworks would only come from the barges in the Elizabeth River.  At approximately 21:45, I spotted an object slowly crossing the Elizabeth River in the sky above us.   The object moved at a cruising speed along a deliberate flight path.  The object composed of a burning flame in what we considered its ‘front’, given that it traveled in the direction of the burning flame.  The flame itself was large, and similar to that of a burning candle wick in that the flame burned strongest at the bottom, and flickered as it trailed vertically upward.   Directly behind the flame was a translucent white orb, which kept a fixed shape as it traveled intact with the flame.  My two friends also noticed the object, and we deliberated as to what it could be.   The object flew overhead approximately 200-300 feet above us, making it difficult to gauge the object’s dimensions.  That said, I would estimate the object to be of similar size to that of a small hot air balloon.  A hot air balloon this was not.  There was no basket, there were no wires or visible passengers.   The flame at one point appeared to be under the translucent orb, but only because the object passed overhead.  Even so, there was no mechanism that could be seen connecting the two. The object moved soundlessly as well.  It continued west toward Effingham Street.  When it passed over the balcony of the loft, we lost sight.  The fireworks started some 20 minutes later. This was no rogue firework that malfunctioned in flight, this was no hot-air balloon, this was not an aerial unmanned drone.  This was not a meteorite. I will not disclose our branches of service, but I will come forward with the fact that all three witnesses are active members of the U.S. military.  After much deliberation amongst ourselves, we all agree that the flying object was not manmade.   In the interest of our own security and the integrity of our military obligations, we wish to remain anonymous.  However, I am willing to give an interview. ((first name of witness deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that the report probably was submitted by a gentleman, who telephoned us over the Hotline.  He sounded to us to be quite eloquent, serious-minded, and reliable.  We suspect that his report is quite accurate.  PD));36.8389655913979;-76.3596956989247
