Unidentified glowing orbs;1979-05-22 21:00:00;25;Unidentified glowing orbs This is a true account of what happened on date to the best of my recollection. A friend and I were in submarine school at the time. We were stationed at Submarine base Groton CT. The two of us were scared to death to say anything until now. He is not aware I have submitted this report, but I am confident he saw the same things as I did, as we talked about it both during the event and many times after. The night began after eating chow at the hall. It was not dark yet, we left the base at appx 7:00 pm. Being on foot we walked the road along the river. We soon found a spot on some rocks not far from the base right on the river. We were enjoying good weather as it was clear and warm outside. Nothing appeared to be any differnt than any other night. The sun went down darkness fell upon us. We both had taken up spots on rocks not far apart, laying down relaxing looking up at the sky. It seemed as if it was in an instance three color changing orbs appeared in the sky in a triangle formation. These orbs moved back and forth across the river in formation. They moved with the speed of light going across the river. Doing this manuver, stopping on a dime, all the time maintaining thier formation. I am not sure if thier were three or this was just one object. The whole event duration was only twenty five minutes in length. In the time frame indicated ten differnt movements across the river appearing to be looking for something. The blink of an eye they were gone disappearing in the night sky again with the speed of light. We were scared to death to talk about this or tell anyone. Fearing what might happen or people thinking we were just crazy. I know what power the goverment wields and how they deal with issues like this. Until now I never understood what they were looking for but now it is clear. The Submarine Base just down the road had in port subs. This now I am confident whatever weapons they contained was what they were looking for. News of any objects in the sky that night was not publicized nor did we ever hear of it. It has been many years but I still recall events on that night as it happened yesterday. I think someone should know about this now. It was as real as I am writting this today. I have told the story never publically, only to select friends. The relevance of this event now seems to take on a differnt light. I hope this is of value to anyone reading it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));43.7309;-96.7508
