2 Teardrop shaped crafts sighted, one followed us down the mountain;2010-05-17 22:20:00;10-15 mins;2 Teardrop shaped crafts sighted, one followed us down the mountain My girlfriend and I left my mother’s house around 10:20pm on Monday night. She lives on a mountain with lots of pasture and trees. We started driving down the mountain when we passed a car on a very big curve. There was a large break in the trees, and that is when we saw the UFO. It was approximately 400ft above the tree line and approximately 100ft in front of us. I was trying to make sure it was infact a UFO and not a plane, so I unconsciously started slowing down and stopped while we were staring and discussing its shape. It appeared to be rather stationary at that time. It had three bright lights we could clearly see, which seemed to give it a circular or teardrop shape. As we were talking it started moving more in our direction. It moved at an angle, getting closer to both the ground and our position simultaneously. At which point my girlfriend tells me I need to start driving again since she doesn't want to get abducted. It was like I was in a trance a! nd unable to move at first. After a short period of time I just snapped out of it and drove as fast as I thought I could without wrecking the car. I felt the only chance we had at it leaving us alone was making it to the nearby highway. She continued watching the craft from the window of the car while I drove. She noted it changing direction and following us. It was practically on top of us when we made it to the highway. We both lost sight of it for a short period as we continued driving down the highway.  Then we started seeing it sporadically through the trees to our left.  It seemed to be continuing in the same direction we were driving.  We decided to pull over and observe the UFO. This time it we did not feel threatened as it was much farther away from us.  When we caught sight of it again it was extremely high in the sky. Now we were able to see a blinking red light on another side of the craft. At first I thought perhaps it was a plane and we had really lost sight of the UFO. At this point it started descending. It was coming down in kind of steps. It would drop straight down and hover then drop again. This is when my girlfriend noticed the problem. That wasn't our UFO at all. It was a second one.  We saw the craft that had been following us moving extremely low to the tree line, almost in the trees. We could see both the bright white lights and the flashing red one on the UFO now. It was obvious the two UFO’s were the same type of craft. They were moving towards each other. The lower one was practically underneath the higher one. Then it seemed as though the lower one turned. All we could see of it was the flashing red light. I started wondering what made it turn and if it was coming in our direction. I was keeping an eye on them and the fact there wasn't nearly as much traffic on this highway as I'd like. Infact, at that moment there was no one to be seen. Then she uttered the worst words I've ever heard, Did you see that, over in the trees?  I glanced over to see what she was talking about. To the left, directly across the 4-lane, in the trees we saw two tiny light blue blinking lights next to each other in a straight line. The way they were positioned so close to each other made me think of eyes, though I do not know if that is what they were. They were too high to be the eyes of any animal I know of in the area. There were no buildings and no people in the area either. They also were not responding like an animals eyes. They were actually blinking, like twinkle lights on a fade switch. There was no light pointed in that direction for anything to be reflecting. There was nothing but darkness and our car lights pointing directly in front of us. My girlfriend told me she'd seen it blink at least five times before saying mentioning it. The mere thought of what it might be scared me enough to immediately pull out onto the highway and drive quickly away. We kept searching for the UFO’s as we drove toward Huntsvill! e. We were unable to clearly identify the crafts again.;34.498;-86.257
