A orange glowing object changed direction in the sky without making a sound, then went into hyper speed.;2010-07-19 22:00:00;one minute or so;A orange glowing object changed direction in the sky without making a sound, then went into hyper speed. My Fiance, friend, and myself were grilling out at our pool around 10:00pm on Monday night.  The stars were bright and while I was grilling, I noticed a peculiar light coming over the trees way off in the distance.  At first I noticed the light was staying consistent and not blinking, so I wanted to continue to pay attention to it.   It did not seem to be a light on the front of the object like an airplane the light did not project in one direction like a high beam on your car either.  It seemed to be illuminating from within.  I told my Fiance and friend to pay attention to it and be quiet so we could listen for the sound of an engine. We heard nothing.  The light seemed to hover very slowly but consistently at first so I took it to be just way off in the distance and coming directly at us.  But then it seemed to be just a mile or so above us and started curving in a different direction.  It curved about 90 degrees into a different path.  Once it started moving in that direction, it gained an amazing amount of speed and took off until it disappeared.  It never made a sound, even when going into hyper speed.  Coincidentally, an airplane passed over our heads within a minute of the object.  It was loud, moving in a straight line, and easily had a distinguishable front and back. The light itself seemed to be small at first.  But then it seemed like it was close to right over us, but the light stayed small. It seemed to be trying to look small.  The light was a very warm glow of orange. It seemed to me that the light was almost coming from the inside of the craft, and illuminating almost in a translucent way. It was very peculiar to say the least.  I do not believe in aliens by the way.  I have seen satellites traveling over night skys before, this was not the same thing.;36.0958;-79.2742999999996
