very large elongated disc-shape with flashing red/green lights. hovering, made no sound, saw for 20 minutes.;2008-04-30 21:00:00;20 minutes;very large elongated disc-shape with flashing red/green lights. hovering, made no sound, saw for 20 minutes. I was outside with my dog on 4-30-08 at 9p.m., when I turned the corner outside my house and noticed a VERY LARGE craft hovering a few hundred ft. over the high school athletic field adjacent to my house.  It was silent, it did not make any sound whatsoever.  It was a very large, elongated disc-shape, with flashing red and green lights all over it.  The body of it seemed to glow from within ever so slightly.  I watched it hover for approx. 10 mins, after which time I came into the house and called the police non-emerg. number, to ask if anyone had reported seeing such a thing.  The officer asked do you mean over Madison school?  I replied no, over Trumbull High and Hillcrest schools.  Evidently, someone had seen something earlier over Madison School.  The officer asked me if it looked like it was trying to land, and I said no, it was just hovering. I also called 2 family members who live in other parts of towm to see if they could see anything, none of whom did. I went back outside to continue viewing, and the object was still there, hovering and occassionally ascending and descending slightly, as well as turning slowly from side-to-side.  I went in to call a neighbor, and both of them called me back saying that they also saw it. I went back outside and continued to watch it, I watched it for about 20 minutes overall.  It then started to descend more, wavering somewhat from side-to-side as it came down.  It got to the treetop level over in the direction of the Vocational Agricultural School, and I ran back into the house to phone the police to tell them it seemed to be coming down, and when I ran back outside it was gone from sight. I phoned the police this morning, to ask if they had determined what it was, and they said that no, they did not, but they filed an official police report, based on what they saw.  Evidently, some police personnel had also seen it.;41.2573000000002;-73.2111999999998
huge elongated dic with red/green flashing lights hovered over school field for over 20 minutes, appeared as though it might land.;2008-04-30 21:00:00;20 minutes;huge elongated dic with red/green flashing lights hovered over school field for over 20 minutes, appeared as though it might land. On 4-30-08, at 9 p.m., I took my dog out for a brief walk, and as I turned the corner to re-enter the house, I noticed an enormous elongated disc with red and green flashing lights all over it hovering over the field directly next to my house.  It did not make any discernible sound. I watched it for approx. 10 mins., then put the dog into the house, and phoned the police non-emerg. #, to ask if anyone had reported something strange over Trumbull high school athletic field.  The officer who answered asked Do you mean Madison School?  Yes, people have reported seeing something over Madison.  I said no, Trumbull High School.  The officer then asked Does it look like it's trying to land?  I said no, I had watched it for the past 10 minutes, and it was just hovering in place, making no sound.  He said they had recv'd. a number of calls, and for me to tell him if it looked like it was going to land. I phoned two neighbors, who went out and called me back, telling me that they saw it, too.  I went back outside, and continued to watch it for another 10-12 minutes.  It hovered in the same spot, mostly, then once it raised and lowered slightly, and once it turned to the side.  After it turned to the side, it began to move toward the Agricultural Science school and the animal pasture outside the school, descending as it moved.  It looked as though it might actually land over in that direction.  I watched it reach treetop level, then I rushed back in to call the police again on the non-emerg. #, telling them that it looked like it might try to land.  I went back outside, and it was gone completely, nowhere in sight. I phoned the police the following morning to see if they had determined what it was, and the woman officer who answered the call said No, but we filed an offical police report, based on what we saw.  I asked her if the police had seen it, and she said yes.  I spoke to a reporter from the local paper, who wrote an article about it, and he found out from the police that they had received a call earlier that night of 4-30-08 that an Anonymous caller on 911 reports massive spacecraft landing.  That caller was referring to Madison School, not Trumbull High School, which is where I saw it.  The two schools are miles apart.  The reporter confirmed that there were no outdoor activities at the schools that night, no science clubs flying kites or anything.  When the reporter asked the police if they had seen it, they denied that they had.  What I saw was as large as a house, and was only a few hundred ft. off the ground when it was hovering for over 20 minutes.;41.2573000000002;-73.2111999999998
