Large, slow moving...low, dull humming noise as it went overhead. Lights grouped in three's - red/wht/red;1985-07-15 21:30:00;5-8 mins;Large, slow moving...low, dull humming noise as it went overhead. Lights grouped in three's - red/wht/red Back in high school I got a phone call from a neighborhood friend and he said that his brother while coming home from work and driving down Main St. getting ready to turn on our street saw something in the sky and to get outside and check it out.  I went outside and started to look up the street to where my friend lived to see if he was outside and saw him then I saw the craft one block over to the north coming from the West and could'nt bellieve it. It was moving very slowly. As we were watching it I ran to my neighbors house to tell them to come outside and check this out and they witnessed it also. As we were all watching it it began to move sideways while still moving forward like a crab moves.The lights did not move sideways then straighten back out everything stayed pointed forward. Then it basically stopped moving sideways once it was over our street and continued moving straight forward. As it approached us it made no noise whats so ever. The configuration of the lights on the bottom of the craft were in the pattern of a parallelogram but not sure of the shape of the craft because it was dark against the dark night sky. The lights were arranged in a straight line, front to back, in groups of three. One samll white light, one larger red light, and one more white light. Then back and off to the side was another grouping and this repeated staggering left to right to the end of the craft. As the craft passed over head you could hear a low, dull humming noise but no sign of an exhuast area you might asscociate with with aircraft we know of. It was very low and by the shape of the lights it was quite large. Exact size is hard to say but guess-timating I'd say it was the lenght of one and a half to two yards(house lots in my neighborhood- approx. 75 to 100' long) It flew in a straight line from that point until it disappeared from sight out toward Long Island Sound to the East. One thing I remember was the neighbors house I went to, his father was was visiting and he worked for Chrysler Corp. and he said that he never heard a 'engine' like that before in his life. My father is a single engine aircraft pilot and use to buzz the house from time to time and the lights on his plane were much, much smaller than the lights on this thing. One news report going around was that it was pilots flying ultralights trying to fool people but that was in the Puoghkeepsie, NY area and if you've ever heard ultralights engines you'd know these were'nt ultralights(even if somehow muffled). Another thing was that this craft moved as a single entity, not multiple craft trying to be one. Well, that's it. This is the first time telling this story in a forum like this and it has stayed vividly with me since it happened. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.2573000000002;-73.2111999999998
