Flashing Light/star/satellite/craft (possibily tumbling rocket body?);2019-08-28 17:45:00;2 minutes;Flashing Light/star/satellite/craft (possibily tumbling rocket body?) On the Night of August 28, 2019, there were two of us out at a cottage on Eagle Lake by Tichborne, Ontario, north of Kingston about 45 minutes.  We went out to the porch and it was between 9:45 – 10:15. As soon as we opened the front door and walked out we were looking towards the West, and immediately I noticed a bright flashing star.  I said oh look “it’s probably an iridium flare”.  (Problem is I’ve seen plenty of iridium flares over the years and to my best knowledge they travel at a steady speed and would look like a star getting very bright and then going back dim until you can’t see it and I don’t think I’ve seen them last for more than maybe 10-15 seconds). This was different, it moved from West to East and as I walked out I saw it flash so I thought that would be the end of it, but then it flashed again went dim, then flashed again and continued to do so about 5-10 times while moving (it was hard to tell if it was going in a completely straight line or if it was zig zagging as I had just got outside and my eyes were still getting adjusted).  Finally it reached directly above our location and it flashed so intensely bright my friend and I both said “WHOA” out loud and then disappeared…about 3-5 seconds later BAM it happens again and Flashed just as bright.  This time it appeared as though it left a slight trail as the light went dim and it disappeared heading still in the East direction. From the point of walking out the door to when it flashed and disappeared I would say was close to 1:30-2 minutes in duration. I have never seen an iridium flare get that bright before, nor have I seen it flash multiple times only ever once.  When I do a quick search it says that it could be something known as a tumbling rocket body.  I don’t think it was this either though. We went around back where it was darker to see if we could see the object again, and sure enough 30 minutes later we saw it two more times.  The 2nd incident it only flashed maybe 3-5 times and was still moving but again couldn’t tell if it was in a straight line or not (approx. headed East).  The flashes were nowhere near as bright as the last two we saw on the first incident.  The 3rd was similar to the second, straight overhead and only a couple of flashes before we couldn’t see it.  There was only about 5 minutes or less between the 2nd and 3rd incident.;44.6622;-76.6718
