Fully visible  flying saucer;1990-07-15 20:00:00;1-2 minutes;Fully visible  flying saucer Myself and my two cousins were out in front of our Grandmothers playing with remote controlled cars.  We for some reason looked up to the night sky to see a disc shaped craft approximately 100 to 200 feet in length and  maybe 50 feet in height.  The craft was very low in the sky maybe fifty feet taller then your average telephone pole and It had several different colored lights circling the craft and several black windows around the saucer.  The craft was a light grayish blue color that to this day I have never seen on any aircraft.  It passed over our grandmothers house making no sound at all.  We witnessed it in the front for about one minute moving very, very slowly as if it was studying us.  We then ran through the house to the back yard and the saucer was gone.  I spent four years in the United States Marine Corps working in and around aircraft from several branches of the military.  I have never seen an aircraft that matches the color or metal con! struction to this aircraft.  The saucer appeared to be one smoothly constructed craft something that I have never seen since.  I have seen other things in the sky since then and have heard numerous stories from around this area, even a couple of abduction stories, and was wondering what information if any you guys had on this area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));39.7605553488372;-121.844666046512
Cloaking of some type, its either Black Ops alive and well or it is Extraterrestrial in origin.;2012-05-22 13:00:00;1/1000 second?;Cloaking of some type, its either Black Ops alive and well or it is Extraterrestrial in origin. Amazing what the eye can’t or won’t see?  On May 22, 2012 at about 1pm, my neighbor and I were playing a round of Frisbee golf at the Chico course off highway 32, about 4 miles east of Chico and it is part of Bidwell Upper Park.  I had brought my camera along, Cannon 3.5 mega pixel in the Auto mode.  I wanted to take some vista shots and some shots of my side-arm delivery that is very spastic, lol.  On the 6th (I posted the wrong hole # on my report to CTC website) hole my neighbor took a sequence of 3 pictures (the 3 pictures took less than 3 seconds to take) of me doing my drive from the tee box….. the first one shows my bad form and the white disc already going the wrong direction,lol.  The second one shows me finished with the drive and the disc has already landed.  The third picture is of me staring out in the direction of my errant shot and surveying the trouble I had gotten myself into, lol.   We ran into a young rattlesnake on the next hole, it went on its way and we went on our way.  Other than that, an! uneventful round of Frisbee golf, lol,lol. Well, on Thursday, the 24th I downloaded the pictures and went through them to delete the ones I didn’t want to save.  When I got to these 3 pictures I was blown away by the third one for sure.   In the first one, you only see my white disc and the clouds in the background, the second one shows me finished with follow through and the disc just landed, only the clouds in the sky.  The third one, it looks like I’m staring right at the UFO.  But I did not see it, nor did my neighbor who took the shots and we didn't here anything.  But the digital camera did catch it.  When I magnified it with my Cannon Utilities program it showed a lot of detail of the craft.  I submitted it to CTC on the 25th, they posted it on the 26th in the photo of the day section.  I’ve had 3 e-mails from people saying it was a Tiger Yellowtail Butterfly….. my simple magnification shows a craft, not a yellowtail butterfly.   How come the first 2 didn’t have the butterfly in the picture field? I’m hoping that you will be able to further enhance it and give me your feedback.  It appears to be ¼ to ½ mile away and about 500-1000 feet high, I’m guessing.  So Peter, here are the 3 pictures of the sequence, I have not sent these to anyone else….don’t need to scare people with my ugly mug,lol.  I await your feedback, thank you ahead of time.  And Keep Up your good work.  I hope you took a moment to reflect on my fallen comrades and those before us on this hollowed day.  And I pray to God we remain the Beacon of Freedom.  Take Care and Stay Healthy.;39.7605553488372;-121.844666046512
((1st report from same witness))  9 Very brightly lit (red and yellow) saucer shaped crafts. Total time about 18 minutes;2014-04-18 22:01:00;~18 minutes;9 Very brightly lit (red and yellow) saucer shaped crafts. Total time about 18 minutes. At approximately 10:01 pm in Chico, California, I first viewed a very bright red light with a yellow one in the center.  I had walked out on the back porch and was watching this thing move very rapidly through the sky.   I called my wife out to see if she could recognize what this thing was.  It was moving very fast.  There was NO way these were military flares because they were so bright but not only moving toward the North but were also rapidly moving upward until it blanked out of sight.  I would guess this object was between 10,000 and 15,000 feet up. We thought the sight was over until about 15 seconds later a second one appeared and looked as if it was going a little faster but lower, then five to 8 seconds later a third appeared, then a fourth.  We tentatively watched these things wondering what they were.  I did call 911 and operator took the report and was teasing a little like we were seeing things until the 911 center started to light up.  I hung up with 911 and continued watching with my wife when in about 5 minutes went by and 911 called me back and gave me the number for the National UFO Reporting Center.  I didn’t know this even existed. We continued watching these “things” go by.  We moved out into our parking lot where we could see with a completely unobstructed view.  I a total of 15 minutes went by after 911 called back, my wife and I witnessed a total of (9) nine of these very strange and very fast moving craft.  I would guess these things (crafts) or what ever they were, was moving Northward at what I am guessing to be about between 4 to 5 times the speed of sound.   Not even a sound was heard but as they were going by so fast, again heading Northward but also climbing upward rapidly until they completely blinked out of sight.  Yes, I will be very honest with you, I would really like to know what they were.  	(Very Curious.)  I felt strange reporting what I saw because I know the operator thought at first I was some kind of a nut.  Then she said the 911 lines were all lighting up.  They, (these strange crafts) appeared to have 5 maybe 6 very, very bright red lights with a very bright yellow one in the center.  I have NEVER seen any military craft be able to move that fast and have that bright of lights under them.  There was NO aircraft strobe lights and way, way too bright to be aircraft marker lights.  After minutes of watching them, I was all worked up but now see no more objects in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness on two occasions, and he seemed to us to be a very sober-minded individual.  He reported during one of those conversations that the individual objects were appeared approximately the same size of a full Moon in the night sky, so they were quite prominent in the night sky.  PD));39.7605553488372;-121.844666046512
After going on the back porch for a smoke, what I saw was unbeliveable, we moved to the parking lot for a better onobstructed view.;2014-04-18 22:01:00;~29 minutes;After going on the back porch for a smoke, what I saw was unbeliveable, we moved to the parking lot for a better unobstructed view. UPDATED REPORT AS REQUESTED. . . . . . . . . Again, until the 911 operator called me back, I didn’t even know a National UFO Reporting Center even existed. You requested to place our fingers where we first saw what was flying over to where they had climbed out of sight and blinked out.  We used a degree finder to be as close to  how much of an angle we were watching.  The degree finder gave us a value of 197° until each of them went straight up, so high as to we couldn’t see then anymore and basically they blinked out.  Again I am NOT sure as to exactly what my wife and I were watching.  She definitely did NOT get worked up as much as I did, because again I wasn’t sure what exactly it was we were watching. OK, I do have an update as to the direction they were traveling.  You asked what direction the travel was.  As by compass the (Crafts) or whatever, they were came from the Southeast and was traveling I the direction of the Northwest.  I know you said you had sightings of the same things just South of Seattle Washington, but somewhere the (crafts) must of changed direction of travel.  Again, this started at 21:01 hours and this lasted about a total of 29 minutes. Contacting the National Weather Service about wind speed at our level, which there was NO wind on the ground but you want wind speed at 3000’ and 6000’.  The closest we can come with since all we can seem to get are recorded messages, but the wind speed at about 3000’ was North West at about 10mph.  At 6000’ they weren’t very clear but again North West at between 15 and 20mph.  You also requested to contact the F.A.A., that was a total joke especially in this area, all we could get were recorded messages, NO matter what department we pushed the buttons on the phone to get to.  All  we could get were recorded messages then when finished, there were NO areas to leave a message it just simply just hangs up.  To be honest, right now I am almost sorry I reported what my wife and I were watching and probably will NOT do so in the future. We are trying very hard to do the right thing and make the calls you requested we make and all we seem to get is stonewalled.  I really don’t need this.  Right now we have about five (5) hours trying to report what we were watching.  Again like I explained, I did contact our newspaper office, again to get a recording.  And in the past 5 and ½ hours they have refused to return the telephone call, I know because of what it was.  OK, I am going to try to get six (6) radio stations involved and two (2) two Television Stations, and hopefully again we will NOT get stonewalled again.  Up here I already have over 20 people looking down their noses at us.  This is really making the both of feel like fools.  Again, you are right, I cannot possibly tell you the exact speed and height of the (crafts) we were watching.  I have a very close guess since we do have an airport very close to us and watch jet aircraft all the time and 1 and 2 times the speed of sound.  Normally, anytime this happens there is a very large sonic boom.  These (crafts) last night were totally and I mean totally silent. You asked about the size of the (crafts) against a possible full moon, We both can tell you our guess they were at least 10,000’ feet up but they were large enough even at that height these (crafts) were would completely cover a full moon plus some.  And according what I could see against a very clear sky,  Above the very bright RED and Yellow lighting, the (crafts) appeared to be a saucer shape.  Again, the sky was clear as a bell. We hope this answers some of the questions you had, especially since we are getting stonewalled where ever we have called, now we are getting laughed at by the media also.  I do know in Chico right now there were several more people I personally know witnessed the very exact same thing.  I have tried very hard to get them to come forward with you and submit a report also.  This is with NO avail, they are all too afraid of being laughed at.  Personally, I don’t give a d**** what other people think, this is what my wife and I were watching, and other that being stonewalled with the National Weather Service, the F.A.A. and the news media I just simply want you to know what we were seeing. My curiosity is very high to know exactly what those (crafts) were we were watching.;39.7605553488372;-121.844666046512
