Light Formation (with faint outline of oblong craft in between lights) in night sky;2020-09-23 20:56:00;8 seconds;Light Formation (with faint outline of oblong craft in between lights) in night sky . Caught my attention when I noticed two unusually bright stars moving slowly and in unison across the sky.  When I looked directly at it, I could see that the stars were actually lights on either end of a craft. in between the two bright lights was a row of very dim lights on the body of the craft. these lights were so dim that i could not see the outline of the craft if i looked directly at it: too dim to be picked up with my cones. but i could make out the craft attached to those two bright lights with my peripherals. My roommate also saw it and he said there are no drones that look like that. It was 1/3 to 1/2 the size of cassiopia in the sky. If it were a 747 then it would have just taken off. that is how large it appeared in the sky. of course, it was mostly likely much higher than 10,000 feet because of how hard it was to make out the form of it and the fact that it was completely silent (meaning that it was probably a very very large craft). What i saw was the back end of the craft, because as I watched it the lights moved north slightly but mainly those two bright lights on the ends got dimmer and closer together until they disappeared, meaning the ship was flying higher and higher in the sky until it was no longer seen. the lights were still quite far apart when they faded completely from view. all of this from when i first saw it to when it disappeared took about 8 seconds. The silence of such a large and obnoxious thing comparatively low in the sky and the way in which it moved is what made me stop to write this report. I have no way of explaining that at all. I am sure there are planes out there with weird shapes i have never seen, but silent ones that move straight up in the sky? any aircraft I know would have made a ton of noise that close to the ground, and they move across the sky. not up. I don't know of any craft with light formations like that, or that can move straight up into the sky like that. I have never seen the alien autopsy, don't watch any of those cable channels, never had much of an interest in UFOs really... but either our government has some pretty fancy top secret spy planes or I have no idea what I just saw.  For the next half hour, the same or another craft was flying around in the same general vicinity. At first, a single light high in the sky in exactly the spot where the craft had disappeared. Of course, it could have been the front end of the tail I had seen a few minutes earlier, now coming back down. Just that now it was a single light and I couldn't make out any craft. The first time I saw the light it went from faint to extremely bright then turned off entirely. Then, a few minutes later (maybe ten) I saw a light again, much higher in the sky, and it came on and off periodically and moved across the sky as if attached to a very high flying plane going 500mph at 30,000 feet. It moved differently than the first light. More like a very high flying plane - across the sky as one would expect. It was not a satellite - way too close for that. It was now moving just like a plane or something. If I had to guess, the first bright and disappeared light was the same unidentified cra! ft I saw earlier. It did not move like anything I know and was silent. The second moved like any other normal airplane - across the sky - save only that I could not hear anything in the sky when I should have been able to. If it was the same craft, then it went way up in the sky, way back down again, then up a little bit more and then across the sky.;39.7605553488372;-121.844666046512
