A huge solid black mass, silently glided directly over us from the NNE going SSW then did a perfect 90 degree turn directly over us and;1979-07-01 03:00:00;4 - 7 minutes;Summary : A huge solid black mass, silently glided directly over us from the NNE going SSW then did a perfect 90 degree turn directly over us and went due E.  No lights, no sound, just a monstrous huge black vehicle.  My impression was it was like a rectangle.  We only new it was there because it was blocking out the stars (there were no clouds that night), that is what drew our attention to it, blocking out a large section of the sky and it's movement.  I have no idea how high it might have been although it was at least above 3500 feet.  Myself and my associates were all standing together talking when one of the guys said what is that coming from the North?  We all looked and then could make it out, it was awsome.  We were all on duty police officers taking a break in our favorite spot where the ambient lights of the city didn't block the stars.  The north valley is known for it's clear nights and fantastic views of the night sky.  If we hadn't been taking that break and watching the sky while we talked we would never have seen this object.  And no, I have not said anything before this time.  We all looked at each other and basically said what the hell was that thing! We were all Chico or Butte County Deputies at the time who often worked the same areas of the county/city together.  This location we were standing in was on a sight rise or hill on the SE side of town, leading up to the foothills of the Sierras.  It was away from public view where we could park four or five police cars, drink some coffee and relax for a few minutes without scrutiny or criticism from passing motorists and the sky gazing was superb from that location. We were all veteran cops as well as military veterans.  I was a combat air-defense control officer in the military and have somewhat of a good idea of what anything man made can accomplish in the air.  This was not anything that we could possibly have built.  I don't know why I thought it was a rectangle, but I just had that feeling about it.  Whatever shape it was, it was huge!;39.7605553488372;-121.844666046512
