I saw a saucer shaped obiect with blue, red, green flashing lights on the way home from college.;1991-10-01 20:30:00;15 minutes;I saw a saucer shaped obiect with blue, red, green flashing lights on the way home from college. The event occurred on a local 2-lane highway that goes from McKenzie to Bruceton. The area is rural but has scattered houses and farms.I was coming home from college. It was about 8:30 or 9:00 and I saw something moving downward at approximately a 45 degree angle at a pretty good speed. It was in the distance in front of me and I thought that it was a plane that was going to crash. As I drove on, it slowed its downward movement and leveled off. I could not figure out what it was. As I kept going I came over a hill and there it was, hovering in the sky off to my right, over a field. It was not very high up, I could see it very well. It was shaped like a saucer, the traditional flying saucer, with blue, red, and green lights that flashed back and forth on the bottom. It made no noise at all. It just hovered there approximately 100' up in the air. It was a warm clear night and I just stopped my car and watched it. It eased across the road and hovered there on the driver side out over another field very close. I rolled down my windows to try to see if it was making any noise and it wasn't. It baffled me. What could it be? I looked from every angle I could think of, watched it and could come up with no answers. It finally began to move and it eased off to the east and went down behind an old barn. I decided I had seen enough and went on home. I am a college graduate, hold a graduate degree, and pastor a church, but I still can't believe what I saw that night. I wish someone could explain it to me. I have told only a few people and my wife and kids always tease me about it, but hey, I still never go by that field today that I don't relive that night. It wasn't scary. It was just a mystery that I guess I will have to wait and let God explain to me. The bible says that  I have sheep in other pastures that you no not of maybe that scripture applies to this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));36.1228000000003;-88.5068999999992
