3 circular orange lights in Brownwood, Texas!;2008-10-28 07:30:00;5 minutes;3 circular orange lights in Brownwood, Texas! I was walking back from our mailboxes at our apartment complex in Brownwood, Texas.  I saw three orange lights pretty close together flash one at a time.   I stopped and kept looking.  It happened again right around the same area.   There were trees close to blocking my view, so I moved past the trees so I could see clear skies.  Lower in the horizon, I saw it again, only in a different spot.  3 orange lights, 1, 2, 3, taking turns to flash one time before going completely dark.  They were orange circles.   I saw this happen 5 times total before I saw an aircraft that was surely an airplane of some sort flying through that area.   After that I stood around looking for about 20 more minutes, saw a few more planes and that's all, nothing out of the ordinary!   I know for sure that the orange lights I saw was NOT airplanes.;31.77505625;-98.9921125
Lights over Comanche;2008-10-28 19:40:00;5-8mins;Lights over Comanche. On 10/28/068 I was at my sons 8th grade football game at Gordon Wood Stadium in Brownwood Texas.  Facing the East North East around 19:35 we all saw three lights suddenly appear.  I instantly saw them because I was turn toward the North East sitting on the West side of the stadium talking to my mom.   The lights appeared and did not move and stayed stationary for about 10-15 seconds.  I laughed and asked my mom, wife, sister and brother law if they see those lights.  They said yes and my mom asked what is that.  The only thing I could imagine it to be would be a single engine jet in a formation with two more jets going directly away from us for a few seconds and we must be seeing the firey glow of their engines. We all laughed when it went away and then another three lights appear 10-15 seconds later farther to the south a little lower in altitude and they stayed stationary for about 10 to 15 seconds.  At that time I grabbed my phone and opened the camera.  The third set of lights appear 10 seconds after the second set and I could see them in my phone with it being dark and with the stadium lights on in front of me.  You could still see in the sky the three lights in my phone pretty clearly. I noticed they were dimming away and I took a picture at 19:43.  (It's on my phone and I'm not sure how to get it off). The next few seconds there was a single light to the north and lower from the first three lights we saw. Then there was a single lights to the south of the first lights we saw.  Those only appeared for maybe 3-5 seconds.  And had the exact same color and brightness the first three lights had. With in 30 seconds after seeing the last light my mom noticed a plane flying toward the area we saw the lights.  It was coming from the west north west at approximately the same altitude.  It was noticeably how the lights on the plane stayed lit and had one blinking light and that those lights were not the same intensity or color of the three lights earlier and where not near as bright. I attempted to leave a voice mail early today but was interrupted by my boss so I thought I would send you this. Thanks;31.77505625;-98.9921125
Amber light splits into four lights in a straight line, then disappears;2009-02-02 18:50:00;2 minutes;Amber light splits into four lights in a straight line, then disappears My wife and two children were in the car. I walked out of the house towards the car and looked up to the southwest and saw an amber-colored light. Almost immediately, it split into four amber lights in a straight line. After less than five seconds, the lights were gone. A few seconds later, I saw the same thing a little to the south - I believe this one only showed two lights. I quickly knocked on the car window and my family got out. We watched for a minute or so and finally saw a single light to the south for two or three seconds. Within a few seconds, we saw a single light in about the same place where I had seen the first one. This light quickly split into the four lights again. Within just a few seconds it was gone. During this whole period we also saw several white lights slowing blinking and moving around slowly in random directions. These lights were not real bright, about what you would see from a plane, but the blinking rate and random movement appeared very unusual. I don't know if the bright planet in the west in the evening is Jupiter or Venus, but the amber lights we saw were several times brighter than this planet. The distance between each of the four lights was probably about the same as the distance across a full moon. So the distance between the first and fourth lights was probably 3 to 4 full moon diameters.;31.77505625;-98.9921125
Orange glowing lights above walmart;2012-10-24 21:30:00;30 minutes;Orange glowing lights above walmart I was on my way to Walmart and my boyfriend was driving all of a sudden her  look at those stars and I look and there are at least four glowing orange bulb looking lights in the shape of a seven we pulled over and they went out.  Then there were two blinking white lights moving in writers patterns across the sky then three then two again. We got in the car and went to Walmart I was on the phone telling someone about it ego claimed to gabber seen it also when three women walked out of Walmart asked what I was looking at so I pointed to the white lights and right over the top of Walmart two orange glowing bulbs appeared so bright and just stayed in place then a third a bit lower then they disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  We have corrected the time above, to reflect a nighttime sighting.  PD));31.77505625;-98.9921125
