I was on my way to work on 3rd shift. I driving across Mercer Island.   I noticed several were slowing or pulled off to the side of the;1985-07-23 00:00:00;20 to 25 minutes;I was on my way to work on 3rd shift. I driving across Mercer Island.   I noticed several were slowing or pulled off to the side of the road.  I thought there was an accident ahead on the freeway.  I slowed too. While, I waited I glanced up at the clear colbalt blue night sky. Just above the tree line was this gigantic brightly lite floating ship sitting stationary E to W.   Underneath the hovering silent ship were 25  (cubes or rectangle shaped) smaller craft being off loaded or launched.They seemed to all have bright headlights.  Wow.  The smaller crafts were all flying in different directions N to S, SW, SE, NE, NW.  I decided it was time to continue on to work. When I arrived the  supervisor asked me if I had seen anything unusual in the night sky. Yes. Then he told me we were going to have a crew meeting. After the crew meeting he sd you can go home early. He said we were slow this evening.   I thought thats unusual because we were usually busy after lunch.   As I was driving home I noticed that all the planes were flying very low. There are several airports near by. I thought perhaps the space craft had done something to the flight path.  I arrived home. Everything was prefectly normal. I was watching late night TV.  Suddenly my dog started acting strangely. Her hair was all ruffled up on the back of her neck and she was whining. From the couch I looked out the window and standing on the deck  were 4 or 5 red or orange miltary insigna uniformed males with primate features.Their foreheads were slanted, copper color, they had bushy eye brows, dark eyes,short necks. Their bodies were covered in military uniform. I didn't see their shoes.  I couldn't figure out how they had gotten there on to the deck.   They were tall around 5ft 8. They had a fierce presence. My friend was sitting at my feet growling and whining. Then all was quiet.  Next I was closing the window facing East looking out on the deck, the sun was coming up. My face felt hot, my hair was dirty, my tongue hurt,I had an odd metalic taste in my mouth.I felt fatigued. I was very angry. My dog was laying at an odd angle on the couch. She perked up when I closed the window. Like it was a signal. She wagged her tail and I comforted her.I looked up at the clock and it was very late. I could not figure out why we were still on the couch.  Afterwards, I had difficulty eatting anything from a tin can.   I had to use plastic utensiles instead of metal. I couldn't see shadows when we went walking in the dark. I had to keep the lights on when we were sleeping. I was told not to talk about our adventure.  I wasn't threatened. They definitely told me they were coming back. That they were going to be around. I finally went to a doctor who practices alternative medicine and he told me that I was not alone. I am surviving. There isn't anything I can do about them anyway. My dog died when she was 5 or 6 years old too soon. That was along time ago. Best regards,;47.5601;-122.2326
