red flashing light moving erratically in the sky and changing speed.;2004-08-13 21:35:00;1 min;red flashing light moving erratically in the sky and changing speed. I was watching the sky cause I took my dog out to go do her business and I saw what I thought was a satellite. So, I was watching it move really quickly across, like most satellites do, when it started flashing red. [The reason we see satellites is they are far enough out in the earths orbit, that the sunlight hits them and reflects back to earth] When it started flashing red I followed it even more intensely, when it suddenly slowed down. I had now reasoned that it was not a satellite due to the blinking and slowing down. I figured thus it must be an airplane that’s just at an extremely high altitude. But two things got in the way. A: Why didn’t I see the red flashes of light earlier and B: How could it slow down to almost a complete halt. To top it off, the object took a 90-degree turn and sped up and the red flashing got brighter and more rapid. (It might have been a coincidence with a passing plane I just didn’t see, but at the time it sped up, I heard a faint, low rumble like a rocket). That is all I have to say.;47.5601;-122.2326
3 fire like balls in sky at night over Mercer Island, WA.;2011-05-28 22:00:00;2-3 minutes;3 fire like balls in sky at night over Mercer Island, WA Last evening around 11 p.m., I went out to my deck because when I was in my kitchen I looked up out the window because it seemed like a light was on (lighter than usual). I went to my deck and when I looked up to my left there were 3 fireball/sphere like amber-white  balls that were sitting in a line form, not exactly straight, but they were very bright and would flash on and off.  The middle one went out, the other two hoovered and would flash on and off, move closer together and then a part. The sky was dark and I could see stars in the sky.   I went downstairs to get my phone to try and get a picture, but by the time I got back upstairs the other two were gone. This is not the first time I've seen this, back in 2002 or 2003 can't recall exact date I witnessed almost the same exact scenario with all my other neighbors also coming outside to see them, they were there for over 1 hour. What were these?;47.5601;-122.2326
