It's been a long time since and have never officially reported it to anyone.  I've talked about throughout the years. I use to fight Fo;1989-08-10 00:00:00;10 to15 sec;It's been a long time since and have never officially reported it to anyone.  I've talked about throughout the years. I use to fight Forest Fires for the Forest Service out of Mt. Hood--Clackamas.  We were comming in late from being out for a long shift and we arrived back late to out fire camp dead tired and at that point many people decided to go straight to there sleeping bags while others of us wanted to take our showers and grab something to eat.  My friend and I were talking once we had food and shower laying in our sleeping bags among hundreds of other fire fighter in a field in Redmond, Oregon where fire jumpers are trained and laying flat on our backs I saw all the beautiful stars in the sky that were so clear and out in the open like it is in Eastern Oregon, right near Bend, Oregon I started to see an image among the stars.  My friend and I were talking and I don't remember talking for a bit because of the image I saw.  Directly above me I saw the shape of a triangle within the stars. It did not block the stars but blended in with the stars except the outside shape of the triangle moved seperately from the rest of the stars.  It made no noise and it was huge. When you think of what your peripheral visions space is it alsmost took it up.  I would say the object was about 80% to 85% of my full peripheral vision area.  I did not wear glasses at the time.  There was no red flashing lights but small light that looked no different than the stars.  It look right on top of us yet far.  It was so strange and so so remarkable at the same time. My eyes looked quickly from side to side looking at the object to make sure my eys were not deceiving me then I turned to my friend and said did you see that?  We both said it at the exact same time to each other and he said what did you see?  I said No, What did you see? You tell me first He saw the same thing, when we turned back to see it was gone that I know of. My friend moved on in our own seperate live and wished I could get in touch to talk about what we saw.;44.2762;-121.1847
Looked like three stars traveling together in unison, until it was directly overhead.;2008-10-26 21:30:00;10 seconds;Looked like three stars traveling together in unison, until it was directly overhead. On the evening of October 26th around 9:30 pm, my wife and I were sitting in our hot tub looking up watching the stars when we saw a very large triangular shaped object above us traveling north to south. It was as though it were trying to hide in the stars above us. When it past over our heads, you could see through the center of it. You could put three large full moons easily inside it and still have room left over. It was Huge! There were three points to its shape. There was some kind of illumination on each of the points. There were no lights coming from it and it made no noise. It took about 8 sec from when first saw it to past over us. It was traveling very fast. It was very high in the atmosphere. It looked like it was up with the stars.;44.2762;-121.1847
