Back in 2011-2013 I was watching a Video on YouTube where someone mentioned that if you shine a really Bright Light into the Sky in a R;2012-01-22 01:00:00;Minutes;Back in 2011-2013, I was watching a Video on YouTube where someone mentioned that if you shine a really Bright Light into the Sky in a Rapid Motion in the middle of the Nite that it would attract UFO's.   Well, I did just that, I used my Motorola Electrify Cell Phone that had an App that let's you use the LED Function as a Flashlight and I went outside my House between the Hours of 10:00 PM-4:00 AM and I moved the Light side to side in a Rapid Motion like a Machine would do and the next thing I knew something Popped Up from behind my Neighbors Fence which was about 20 Feet away, the Neighbors were asleep as their Patio Lights were off and House Lights were off.   This thing looked like a Brown Skinned Alien, it's Head was slim, I couldn't make out the Details, like the Color of it's Eyes, ect, cause I normally wear Glasses and I didn't have it on, but I knew it wasn't Human for the fact that you'd think if it was my Neighbor he'd turn the Light on and/or I'd see him walk from his Backdoor towards the Fence, but whatever this thing was it just Popped Up like a Jack in the Box would just Pop right up, it stared at me for maybe 5-10 seconds, then as fast as it Popped Up it went strait down and ran through the Bushes of my Neighbors Backyard.  I wasn't scared, but more like in shock that anything was going to happen like it did, I wanted to take a Picture, but I figured by the Time I click this & that on my Cell Phone it would most likely be gone and sure enough, less than 10 Seconds it went.  I tried another Nite to do it again, to see if anything would happen again, but nothing, that was the first Time in my Life something like that ever happened to me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));44.2762;-121.1847
Dimly lit, gray, fast moving object.;2016-09-27 22:30:00;Seconds;Dimly lit, gray, fast moving object. My boyfriend, my friend, and I were sitting on my back porch talking.  My back porch faces south towards a city park.  We have a clear view of the sky with no houses or tall trees or lights to obstruct our vision.  I always have my eyes up because I've seen quite a few strange things in the night sky over the years and I'm very familiar with the flight patterns of helicopters and planes in our area because we have a local airport as well as a flight school.  I'm also very familiar with satellites, the ISS, planets, stars, constellations, etc.  I've been a sky watcher and amateur astronomer for almost 10 years.  I try to remain level headed and logical when I see objects and I've seen plenty over the years but have always debunked them as one thing or another.  I have only had one other incident besides this one that I believed was report worthy.  I just want to say that so people know that I'm not sighting happy or anything. Anyways, we were all outside talking and I caught something out of the corner of my eye over my left shoulder going at a rapid rate from north to south.  I gasped and pointed it out to everyone.  It was a dimly lit, fast moving object that seemed to be within our atmosphere. It flew south very fast, I actually thought it was a dim shooting star for a second.  But instead of fading out like shooting stars do, it stayed constant and fluidly dipped and zig zagged and then changed course from north to south to south west, then disappeared.  We were all in shock and have no idea what we saw.;44.2762;-121.1847
