UFO/Object tracked and observed over a 2hr plus time span that exhibited a clockwise circular motion with many colors.  ((Sirius??));2005-04-24 23:30:00;2hrs;UFO/Object tracked and observed over a 2hr plus time span that exhibited a clockwise circular motion with many colors. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witness might have been looking at the star, Sirius.  Just a guess.  PD)) Well as I just finished meditating, I was looking out side at the full moon on this cold crisp clear night at about 11:30pm U.S. Central time.. I went outside and took in the stars above. They are so majestic and I have been always drawn to them. The are just so mesmerizing to me. I am so fond of them.  Well as I look at the sky this one particular object in the distance that seems to be blinking faster than normal and seems to have a distinct color(s) to it. I am like well it could be a plane at first but it was not moving and didnt drift off towards the horizion. It stayed in place. So I ran back inside and got these mini-binoculars. They aren't very strong at all in clarity but I was able to see a little better. I definitely got to see more color and to see what it was blinking. With a faint feeling for what the object may have been. The colors were Green/Red/Yellow/White and Blue. Now unless a star can produce those colors or a helicopter has those feature than I would have to say I was looking at something literally out of this world.  Now it seemed like it has a top and a bottom row of colors. It also seemed to be turning as in rotating from Right to left in a circular motion because the color of the lights seemed to be stronger in one postion while in another position there was a different set of colors. I definitely looked like it was roating just based on the movement of the colors.  I also at one time saw a white light perhaps orbish looking thing that was at the top of object. It was just slightly off to the right side of it and then it shortly disappeared soon after I observed it. I went back at looking at the object its about 11:40Pm U.S Central time. I decide that I want to get a closer look at this and see if I can get a better view so I can get more detail of this object. So I put on my coat and hop in my mini-van and I am off and away. I seem to be making ground on this and I am so excited. I pull off to the side of the road about 2-3 miles from my house which is to the North West. I get out and I don't see much better details, but the colors seem a bit brighter and distinguishable. They are definitely moving from Right to left in a circular motion. Seems to be two set's of lights. I hop back in after several minutes convinced I will get closer. I go about another 8 miles down the road. I get out and I view the object and it looks like its getting farther away. I am like damn. So i am well I better get as much viewing time as I can. The bulk of my observation is about 10-12 miles from my house and I am just looking at this thing for about another 20mins. Still in the same place in the sky and still there.  I am content and I am most satisfied to as what I have seen and experience. It was definitely a ship/craft/object that was not a plane, not a star and not a helicopter. I drive back to my house and get back. The object is still in the sky but just slightly to the right in the sky but not far off from its original position when I first saw it while looking at the moon.  I decide to look again with the binoculars and well looky here I can see it pretty good again. It seemed to be back in its original distance from me from when I first saw it. So while I went back home it must have followed me a little bit back to its original postion in the sky or close enough. Anyways I go inside and come back on the computer to check some message boards. I then go outside 5 mins after I first came in.  Now the craft has moved much further in the sky to the right even more. I was like ok. I got my binoculars again and looked some more. I was just so fascinated with it. I saw the colors once again and it was still rotating. I was like ok going back in. this was about 1:25Am U.S Central Time. I am back in on the computer for about 30 mins and then got back outside again(around 1:55am/2:00am U.S. Central time) and it is no where to be found in the Night time Sky. I was like well that was quite a show and I was most pleased and it was a fitting end. Why you ask? Because it gives further credence that it was A. Not a Star, B. Not a Plane. And C. Not a helicopter(unless helicopters like to hover for long periods of time which they can't due to fuel restrictions).  So in conclusion, what did I see? Well, in my eyes I saw a craft that was exhibiting a circular motion from right to left(Clockwise) and had multiple colors associated with it(Red/Green/Yellow/Blue/White) It seemed to be moving to and fro. Stayed in the realitive same area for up to 2hrs plus. Then it went out of site not to be seen again, anywhere in the sky. This object was bright. Like a star but it had movement upon looking at it through binoculars. It could be very easily mistaken for a star by a mere one glance at it but any more than that then it really starts to catch your eye and you realize this thing is pulsating like a christmas tree. This was an exciting time for me tonight and in the early morning hours. I wish to have further encounters and I would like to think that this was my first upon many ecounters that I will have. That this is just to break me in so to speak and each ensuing encounter will be that much more up close and personal. We shall see.;41.2535;-87.8474
