Elementary School Watches Lights in the Sky;1974-04-06 14:00:00;30 minutes;Elementary School Watches Lights in the Sky 1973-4? Earl Frost Elementary School, San Jose California.  Oldest sister remembers standing on the school field looking towards mountains saw three long white objects/lines  above the mountain (Mount Ummanum Radar Tower - Santa Teresa hills). One was brighter white than the others, their brightness faded in/out silvery. Students came out to field to watch them. They did not move and eventually just disappeared. Clear warm sunny day. Mid day? 5th or 6th Grade?  Middle sister recalls Ms. Nass(?) class out on recess in field playing kick ball, bell rang, folks stayed out to watch, other student came to watch. Shiny Cigar shape, one more big one, two more appeared out of nowhere, then they disappeared, then the main one stayed for some time. Did not move. Really shiny silver brilliant reflection. Warm day, clouds, UFO partially visible, partially not visible. 4th or 5th Grade?  I remember someone came in from outside and said there were UFOs in the sky and the teacher let us go to the field and watch. It was a warm and sunny day. The afternoon I think. There was one big/bright/long one and shorter ones. Reminded me of a florescent tube floating in the air, or an airplane when the sun reflects off of it. But these just floated in the air.  A small one was on the nearby hills (1 mile away).  Most of the school went out to the field to watched. Folks after a time went off to do something else. I don't think it was seen as a big deal.;37.3279713771828;-121.882327209656
Driving south on Hwy 85, on way to work, saw gleaming silver cigar shaped object floating beneath a cloud.;1998-02-15 08:00:00;10 minutes;Driving south on Hwy 85, on way to work, saw gleaming silver cigar shaped object floating beneath a cloud. Driving south on Hwy 85, on way to work, saw gleaming silver cigar shaped object floating beneath a cloud. It was just after a rain storm, many clouds in sky, but clearing, sun gleaming. This thing did not go fast like a jet, but was about the same size. It just hung there under a cloud, an orangish cloud. I didn't mention it to the driver of the car. There was so much glare on the road. It stayed there for the whole time we were driving along. It was facing south, moving with the cloud. I was so glad to see a UFO! The driver is a sceptic so I didn't even bother to mention it to him.;37.3279713771828;-121.882327209656
hovering saucer\cigar shaped object, 4 white lights that changed stationary to sweeping over San Jose for HOURS;2007-04-23 23:00:00;hours;hovering saucer\cigar shaped object, 4 white lights that changed stationary to sweeping over San Jose for HOURS There was a cigar shaped aircraft hovering in the northeast sky.  I noticed it about 11 pm while watching for a reported meteor shower expected.  I noticed at first it was entremely bright. Then noticed that an obvious commercial aircraft seemed to be heading for it.  The questioned unidentified aircraft flashed lights at the commercial aircraft and the commercial aircraft veered away to an entirely different direction of travel. I got out binoculars and looked closer at the unknown light in the sky and realized it was NOT something normal.  It appeared to be cigar or saucer shaped with 4 very bright lights acroos.  Occasionally the lights would dim to the point of being not visible to the naked eye. While observing thru the binoculars I observed that when this happened, the lights on the craft would change shape becoming shaped like a blackslash which grew more and more narrow, over a period of several seconds.  Then the lights would open fully again becoming very very bright. I watched this aircraft for approximately 2 1/2 hours.  During this time NO airplanes whatsoever flew over, which is quite unusual because this is a normal regularly busy flight path for San Francisco airport as well as San Jose. The craft simply hovered there in place.  There has NEVER been anything shaped even similarly in the sky, there is no way this could have been an airplace, helicopter, nothing commonly known. I called my brother, who lives several miles closer to the approximate estimated spot the craft was hovering.  He went outside and IMMEDIATELY spotted it and said, oh *hit, I think we are in trouble.  He too observed the lights on it changing but described that as a sweeping function, as tho the craft were searching around it's perimiter, then would return to the simple hovering state. I noticed my cell phone reception was very poor during this time - background noise, static, bleedover noise. I made a point of observing for a long time, so that i would be certain this was not a product of my imagination or blurred vision or misinterpretation.  IT WAS NOT.;37.3279713771828;-121.882327209656
