Diamond shaped object with white lights rotating in the middle as well as red,yellow,blue,orange lights flashing all over the object.;2001-07-05 22:00:00;20 minutes;Diamond shaped object with white lights rotating in the middle as well as red, yellow, blue, orange lights flashing all over the object. In the mid-evening to late evening hours of July 5th, 2001, I witnessed an unconventional flying object defy the laws of gravity while parked on a private road located in San Jose, CA.  I was accompanied by a young adult female and as we conversed I observed a bright light, (flying in the sky) resembling a star moving from left to right.  I had witnessed this type of movement from these bright lights within the same vicinity before, and I started to turn my high beam lights on the object as I had done previously.   As the object moved to the left I would briefly turn the high beams on in my vehicle once, and when it would move to the right I would I would briefly turn the high beams on and off twice (or vice versa).  During this flight pattern, my companion was not happy about me showing attention to anything besides her, and was discouraging me from shining the lights towards the object.  This went on for a few moments when the bright lit object began to fly up and down as well as left to right.  When the object flew up (moved up or ascended) I would briefly turn my high beams on and off 3 times, when it flew down (moved down or descended) I would briefly turn my high beams on and off 4 times (or vice versa).  Also during this time, I observed a red light in the distance flying to left of my vehicle. I did not pay it too much attention as it could have been a plane.  Either before or after the lit object began to fly up and fly down my companion observed it as well and said “Okay, now that thing is moving”. I decided that we should get out of the vehicle to witness this bizarre flight pattern. As we stood at the front end of the vehicle, the lit object began to fly towards us at a high rate of speed. At this point the objects light must have reached us, (just like a mirror would reflect sunlight on a person’s face in the daytime) because without saying a word to each other, we simultaneously took a few stuttering steps towards the veh! icle doors in a hurried manner. We looked at each other briefl! y and I mentioned to her “Let’s get the F—k out of here”! We entered into the vehicle and I drove us out of there in an extreme hurry at high rate of speed. On our way out I had calmed down realizing that whatever we witnessed was not in pursuit of our vehicle. Being a young adult male, I decided that it was safe for us to pull over and continue what we set out to do when we parked in this area. At that time, my companion reclined her seat so that she could not look out the front passenger window. I was leaning over the middle console conversing with her when I observed another object (possibly the same object I shined my light at) appear just over the hillside approximately 50 yards away. If I had to estimate I would say it was  100 yards above ground. At this moment, numerous yellow, red, white and green lights appeared on the object and were flashing on and off with a row of white lights spinning around the middle of the object. I could hear rapid clicking sounds as well. At this! point the object ascended  approximately 50 yards higher (its highest point was approximately 150 yard above ground) than its original position and then descended approximately 100 yards down to a position of approximately 50 yards above ground. It flew up and down twice before going back to its original position at a 100 yards. It did this in approximately 1 second and proceeded to fly to the right at a slow pace. I could not believe my eyes. I felt as though this was something I should not be witnessing, the equivalence of taking a man before the wheel was invented, and placing him in the middle of a highway with nothing but 18-wheel rigs driving by him with lights all over each rig!  We would experience the same feelings with the same expression on our face! I find it ironic that I was not terrified at what I was witnessing, just shocked and amazed. The object repeated the flight pattern three times, but with the last it ascended once and descended once. Just before the! 3rd pattern my companion said to me “Oh god, not this again”.! I repli ed for her to ”Look”, (I was in such shock I could not speak at first), she answered “Oh god”. I got frustrated and impatient and yelled “F----ing Look”! Just as she began sitting to an upright position and looking to her right, the object flew out of view behind a hillside. I witnessed an object in flight that I will forever question and she missed it! I didn’t even have a witness although I was with another person. Sometimes I wonder why didn’t she hear the initial clicking from the lights, or maybe a reflection of the object anywhere. Now, whenever I am outside at night I will look to the sky’s for anything unusual. I often think about that object, what was it, who flew it, where did it come from, who owns it because something has to, where was it manufactured, does it have a monetary value like a car, and where is it now? Is it in a hangar somewhere, a garage or is it destroyed on some desolate planet?  Or maybe, it’s occupants are awaiting the rapture so that they can re! veal their role in Human history with lie’s spewing from their mouth. Whatever the case, there is definitely a higher intelligence far beyond our own and our government must have some kind of information that could shed some light on this controversial topic. It is even possible government officials were piloting the object and had a great laugh at my expense. This account is real and there is definitely something of another intelligence other than ourselves in this universe. I have never heard of any other accounts similar to mine and the only thing close to it is from a John Lennon song of a UFO he witnessed while in a NY hotel room. If needed I could provide pictures of the vicinity where the second encounter took place. Also I would be willing to make a composite drawing of the object if needed. I am very interested in knowning of any other accounts such as mine and hope I am not disregarded.;37.3279713771828;-121.882327209656
Formation of 12 to 14 large birdlke objects going North to South over Downtown San Jose;2003-12-17 06:15:00;15 or 20 seconds;Formation of 12 to 14 large birdlke objects going North to South over Downtown San Jose I saw the formation from a parking lot rooftop.At first glance they looked like a flock of birds,However after 4 or 5 seconds I noticed thy were NOT flapping thier wings, they were changing places very rapidly within the formation and were moving faster than birds fly.They were all the same size, 3 to 5 foot wingspan ,1.5 to 2.5 feet long,this is only a guess as for thier height I would guess around 800 or 900 feet,Note we had high clouds that morning and they were flying LOWER than the clouds'so if high clouds have an average ceiling then maybe someone could get a better idea how high they were. I have had an interest in UFO's for a long time and may have seen others before, as a result I ALWAYS carry binoculars 10/40 in my car. I quickly pulled them out,As I focused on them I realized they were NOT birds but some kind of small flying wings, gray colored against dark gray clouds. they were flying with great precision and never banked but remained perfectly horizontal while at the same time changing postions quickly and sort of rhythmically. They would change positions fly for a second,change positions fly for a second or 2 and change again.They would stay very close together the whole time and the formation was not perfect like geese fly. But kind of an arc at times almost as if they were playing with each other as thy flew. I watched untill they were gone, They were going North to South right over downtown area, just east of flight path of san jose airport.I think of myself as kind of a macho guy,I dont scare easily. but when I could not rationalize what I saw I found myself left with a creepy helpless feeling that these things are just flying were ever they want and no one is stopping them.;37.3279713771828;-121.882327209656
Three crafts flying southeast forming a tringle.;2004-08-14 09:07:00;7 min;Three crafts flying southeast forming a tringle. Three craft seen flying over neighborhood in Santa Clara County at high speed zig zag.;37.3279713771828;-121.882327209656
diamond shape transulcent object seen over los gatos, ca, near sr85 and sr 17;2008-04-15 20:15:00;4 seonds;diamond shape transulcent object seen over los gatos, ca, near sr85 and sr 17 At 2015 hours, I saw a UFO at extreme speed, estimate 1,000 mph, over SR 85 going W/B towards SR 17 interchange.  The UFO was appro. 200'-300 feet above ground and made no noise. The vehicle was illuminated but appearded to be made of glass or was translucent or clear thru...however the back of the craft had two white lights or exhaust type engine ports to the back end.  The vehicle appeared to begin the veer or bank down to the right, which I believed that the craft was going to crash. The vehicle then disappeared as if it went into a invisible tunnel.;37.3279713771828;-121.882327209656
Two elongated diamond shaped crafts, no sound, high rate of speed;2012-08-11 22:30:00;4-5 seconds;two elongated diamond shaped crafts, no sound, high rate of speed Aug. 11, 2012         Second try to send this report UFO REPORT SAN JOSE, CA. Approximately   10:30 p.m. my wife and I were in our back yard hot tub sitting and waiting to see the meteor shower that was to take place from the  northeast of San Jose, Ca..  I was staring up at a star formation that looks like a W.   At that time the two objects that were elongated diamond shaped, flew in front of the stars that I was looking at.  They were black, the same color as the night sky, the only reason that I could see the outline of the crafts was the light from the city was reflecting on the outer edges of each craft.  There was no sound when they passed, nor was there any sound barrier noise. My eyes then followed them, looking up at about a 45 degree angle and told my wife to quickly look the direction that they were flying.   They were in formation, side by side.  From our backyard they flew from the north, (from the direction of San Francisco towards the south, Monterey, ca.).  It only took 4-5 seconds for them to pass at high speed.  We don’t know what we saw? UfO? Or Black Ops?   Did anyone else see these objects? There is an International airport near us and planes fly in and out all the time, these were not planes.;37.3279713771828;-121.882327209656
Triangle shape red and white lights and Laser beamed across the whole city;2013-03-30 01:45:00;30 seconds;Triangle shape red and white lights and Laser beamed across the whole city This craft came from south to nortwest fo san jose. I was star gazing when this object came from the south san jose curbing towards west san jose.  Very high altitude.  Suddenly a beam of very bright light. lazer type very big wide lazer.  The beam went across all san jose to the south east. Maybe medcaf rd.. simply amazing!  As it flew over my home in west san jose the beam stop as it went towards saratoga.  It left a wide jet like stream all the way from n.w san jose to S.E. the material was over the ski for Alomost 1 hour. I will never forget this;37.3279713771828;-121.882327209656
A bright red oranged diamond light figure with green flares in the bottom passing by quitly moneuvering as it took off;2013-06-08 22:00:00;3 minutes;A bright red oranged diamond light figure with green flares in the bottom passing by quitly moneuvering as it took off Object description was a bright red, (little orange blended in the center with white) diamond shaped, with 4 green little flares at each corner located at the bottom of the craft. It was traveling from south to north.   When it passed over our us, it started heading towards up, maneuvering as it went higher, turning up sharply at an certain degree rapidly, turned all it's lights off.  Then it just looked liked a white ball getting smaller, and smaller like a star, and then it was outta our views? Wow!  It's very trippy to see something like that in the night sky with 2 other witnesses including my self which makes 3 of us total!;37.3279713771828;-121.882327209656
Lights Over San Diego.;2014-05-14 20:00:00;2.5 hours;Lights Over San Diego Wednesday, May 14, 2014  Around 9pm.  I was called by my girlfriend to go to the balcony facing North, she said that there were some strange aircraft hovering in the sky east of downtown. I head out to the balcony to see what she was talking about and yes in fact there were 3 white lights in a triangle formation hovering in the sky, motionless,   The sky was very clear absolutely no clouds very calm wind and there was some air traffic but more than usual for the airport nearby you could clearly see what were clearly planes or a helicopter these lights were not a conventional aircraft.  Of the three the one in the center was the largest and had the most distinct shape, that of a diamond.   At first it appeared to be one large craft but after looking at it for about 3-4 minutes the lights began to separate and move away from each other slowly at first, then in a blink of an eye they seemed to have traveled a good distance from each other.  They stayed at a relatively far distance from each other at this time and stayed in position from what seemed to be an expanded triangular formation.  At this point the lights went from whitish blue to flashing red, green, and blue.   Sometime after watching the lights sit in place for a while I heard a jet fly by south of the house I looked and did in fact see a jet, what was odd Is that this aircraft was at around the same distance away but I could hear it where as I could not hear the 3 strange objects when they moved.  Two more lights appeared after a while but these stayed closely together one was hovering over the other and to the side at a small distance almost like it was supervising over the object below it.  Some pictures and video was taken but the quality is not good the lights I observed can be seen but the shape is a bit distorted.  All the lights eventually began rising slowly straight up into the atmosphere and eventually disappeared. On a side note I did observe the house pets (cat and dog) acting very erratic, running around and specifically the dog running up my leg,  2 more dogs from some neighbors also began barking.;37.3279713771828;-121.882327209656
UFO flies over city before flashing, witnessed on a mountain.;2016-05-18 00:30:00;~45 minutes;UFO flies over city before flashing, witnessed on a mountain. I was sitting on top of Mt. Umunhum with two of my friends.  We were smoking a cigarette when I noticed that slightly over a mountain to my left there was a red orbish looking craft moving similarly to a bumblebee, jolting back as it moved left.  After about 30 seconds of this the craft paused, then started slightly ascending and moving to the right.  It was still redish orange at this point.  About this time the people I was with saw how oddly it was moving.  It started ascending higher and higher before moving to where it was centered from out perspective to the city.   At this point it had gone from more red to slightly more orange and had quick flashes of blue. As it moved over the city the flight patterned changed from a jolty flowing pattern to soaring through the sky above the city until it just stopped.  Once it stopped it alternated between red, orange, blue, and white before flashing what I could describe as an almost yellow light.  The shape seemed to have! changed as well going from a distinct orb to a diamond.  The light being emitted was the shape of a diamond with a gap through the center of the diamond.  It did this for about 30 second or so before going back to a red orb and flying west away.  Being terrified me and my 2 friends were trying to figure out what we just saw for about 10 minutes.  Then around 1 AM, the craft hovers over the mountain northwest from us and starts flying distinctly in our direction, very confidently.  As it got closer I looked away for a second before I hear it disappeared.  At this point we said 'we have to leave now', and as we drive down the mountain I see it once more just floating in the sky.  It was white with an orange tint around the edge of emitted light.  I've never been more terrified or more interested in something in my life.;37.3279713771828;-121.882327209656
