bright white light shot down below treeline;2003-11-14 21:00:00;1-5min;bright white light shot down below treeline It was around 9:00 PM when my girlfriend and I was walking out of her house, she lives on the country part of Lake Butler.  There was no street lights or any sign of reflective light, so the sky was very visable. Leaving her door as she walked with me toward my car I had this feeling of something was going to happen, I always watched UFO doc on Travel&Sci fi so I always been excited about seeing one, but never really wanted to. We are walking and as I keep looking in all the sky in all directions in good detail I see nothing. As I mentally let it go in my head I sat in my car saying my final words and starting my enginge, I happen to oddly glace behind behind her staring into a sky seeing a bright light, not LARGE but bigger than a start fall straight down below the treeline. Shocked by this I still wasnt certain if this was a falling star ( which I believe does not fall straight down that far)so I kinda freaked out wondering, ' what was that?!' My girlfriend pondered but knew I was not kidding from my expression so I asked her to go inside and drive down her long driveway because its very very dark, and you have to open and close the gate.  So we went back inside grabbed her keys then walked back outside.  While walking back to my car we searched the woods where I showed it went straight down.  As we kept walking the woods would be clear from walking between the trees in the distance, therefore a BRIGHT white light would appear every 10-15 steps. The whole time I'd say walking to my car we each saw the light in the woods 3 times.  My girlfriend became very uncomftable. I inquired why she was, she replied ' My whole time living here I've never seen a light like that there night or day.' we hurried to our vehicles and I left her house in a hurry.  As I got home she quickly called my cell saying ' when I was driving back I saw that same light just above the tree line move from an upper-right point all the way to the lower-right point she said it was as fast as an old clock tick. She was ve! ry very scared and I assured her it was okay that it would go away. That night lets say I couldnt sleep very well, I waited to the sun came up to go back to sleep. Early tonight she has called (11/15/03) and says something very bright is still in the sky, larger than a star in the spot she believed I saw it in. Oh during this whole time it made no sound, I would believed this was not an ufo except from what I saw walking by looking into the woods and what my girlfriend swore she saw.;30.0035;-82.3828
