An out of control disk shape ship with an interesting white light.;1995-03-28 22:00:00;2 minutes;An out of control disk shape ship with an interesting white light. The UFO appeared disk or saucer shaped. As I first saw it, it didn't look like an experianced driver was driving it. The reason I say this is because it was kind of out of control for the first few moments I saw it. The only way to describe it is as if you throw a plate (saucer)on the table and it wobbles around before settling, that was what this was doing in the air. The ship was silent didn't make a sound at all and looked just like they put them on tv, disk shaped, with red, yellow, and blue lights all around and of course the white light. The ship was spinning clock-wise as I looked up at it and the white light was spinning around the ship counter clock-wise. The one thing that I've never seen or heard mentioned was the white light, that is tear or dip shape, didn't touch the ship at all. I always thought that the white light would be on the red, yellow, and blue lights if I were to see one but it wasn't, it was about two to three feet from the ship itself. I really can't describe it but the white light wasn't touching the ship and it seemed independant from the ship yet a part of it because even though the ship wabbled clock-wise with the spinning of the ship, the white light never missed spinning the opposite direction from the ship directly over the colored lights. Since it was dark and I've not thought of it much because I was afraid people would think I was a nut I'll try to describe the ship itself. I remember drawing it the next day and it seemed to be a metalic color and a hole on the bottom part, kind of like an opening maybe. Basically it seemed like two plates put together and a bowl on the top. It did spin out of control for awhile but seemed to have regained control after a few seconds after I was mentally willing it to stop or slow down, so someone else could see it. It wabble still but very slowly. I'm not sure but I personally think because of me willing it to stop and as I did and having it slowly gain control, I believe it is flown mentally and not with control handles or buttons. Even though I saw the ship for two minutes or a minute it wasn't long enough for me I wanted to see more of it yet there was a tree that was going to block my view and no one to see it with me. What I did was wait until it hit the tree and ran inside to get the nearest person I could see to look at the ship too. I got my brother and he walked out and said Holy Sh*t a UFO!. I didn't wait to watch it leave I ran to call my friend who lived a few blocks south of me, the direction it was moving, and asked him to go outside to get a view. He didn't see it and my brother said it had quickly taken off. He said it kind of scanned the floor and took off, yet I don't believe him especially since he was young and it didn't sound like something that would have happened, plus the fact that he said it was a plane he saw two days later yet when he saw it, it was already kind of small as I pointed it out but still looked like what I saw only smaller. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));26.2247961095099;-98.2308958213253
At school my friend and I saw ufo hovering back and forth behind a radio anntena, to slow for plane too fast turning for chopper. It wa;1996-04-26 12:30:00;5 min.;At school my friend and I saw ufo hovering back and forth behind a radio anntena, to slow for plane too fast turning for chopper. It was saucer shaped & silver it flew off without us seeing and left an exhaust trail.;26.2247961095099;-98.2308958213253
I was just getting off of the night shift on New Years night when I saw in the distances as though this large plane  coming into the ci;2003-01-01 01:15:00;5min.;I was just getting off of the night shift on New Years night when I saw in the distances as though this large plane  coming into the city.  I stopped along the road because I wanted to get a better look at this gigantic large but it took only a second to realize it wasn't a large plane.  It was enormous disk shaped flying object with three levels of lights around the center that changed color every few seconds from yellow than to green,than to purple,than red. It could travel within seconds multi directions.  It made a soft humming sound as it came over the city of Mcallen.  I looked around to see if any other cars were out so they could also be witnesses but since it was a nite of party there wasn't another person in sight.  It hovered over a tall building downtown called the towel for a minute or so than disappeared.  I went as fast as I could home and told  my husband.;26.2247961095099;-98.2308958213253
Daytime Objects Unexplained;2008-08-08 09:00:00;2 to 3 minutes;Daytime Objects Unexplained This took place at approximately 9:00 am on 8/8/08 in McAllen Texas  A warehouseman happened to look out the dock doors and was attracted by a strange cloud formation.  Upon looking up at the clouds he happened to see two bright objects traveling from South to North.  He said they were rather flat in shape and looked about the size of a pencil eraser at arms length.  He called others to come see this, consequently making it about six people that witnessed this.  The warehouseman said they watched these things for approximately two to three minutes and in that time the objects made a couple of strange maneuvers.  After traveling together one object appearing to follow the other seemed to get closer to each other then came to a sudden stop for maybe a second or two then continued towards a cloud then going behind the cloud.  The warehouseman said that all this time the objects were very bright as if they were giving off a reflection from the sun.  He described it like looking at the glimmer of a windshield when the sun hits it.  When the objects went behind the cloud they began to ascend together gradually disappearing from eyesight.;26.2247961095099;-98.2308958213253
