My mother and I were traveling South on Biccentennial, when we got to the stoplight of Dove and Bicentennial at approximately 18:15.  W;2014-01-16 18:15:00;5 minutes;My mother and I were traveling South on Bicentennial, when we got to the stoplight of Dove and Bicentennial at approximately 18:15.  We got a red light, so naturally I was looking at the sunset in the WSW when something caught my eye.  I saw a teardrop-shaped object just above and to the right of where the sun was setting.  We turned right on Dove Street and were heading West to the intersection of N 23rd St.  I was able to see the object from when we turned right on Dove, up until the intersection of N 23rd St when I lost it behind the buildings and tree line. It looked like a meteor falling, but I wasn't quite sure. It was a fairly big streak, and was glowing orange. I assumed the sunset was making the object appear orange in color. It almost resembled a fireball. It was moving fast, and I thought that maybe it was a plane flying into Mexico but I haven't been able to find flight records for 01/16/2014 to indicate a flight route that far West. I also couldn't see a metallic gleam that would resemble a plane. My mother and I tried to call the non-emergency line of the police department to inquire about the object, but we couldn't get through.  I didnt get to catch the local news, but I do follow them online and there were no online reports of this object. I do know there are daily flights from other cities up North (Austin, San Antonio, Houston, and Dallas). However, I've always seen them fly straight above McAllen, or just off the center to the right. I've never seen one flying near the horizon, but I could always be wrong. I was very curious about it, because it seemed be coming in slow and then picked up speed. Whatever it was, I assume it was heading towards Mexico.  I also couldn't find any information online about any meteors falling in my area of Texas, or Northern Mexico. I came across your website online, and decided to submit my sighting to you.  If you can please help me figure out what it was that my mother and I saw, I would greatly appreciate it. Thank you so much for your time!  Have a great day!;26.2247961095099;-98.2308958213253
