Unidentified craft seen in sky above Payette, Idaho.;2013-05-11 13:40:00;20+ minutes;Unidentified craft seen in sky above Payette, Idaho 					Witness #1:  	As I was walking home I was looking up in the sky as I often tend to do and I saw a light.  When I saw it I was thinking to myself is that a star in the middle of the day? So I decided to stand there and watch it.  At the time I was wearing sunglasses and when I took them off all I could see was barely a little light in the sky.  With them on as I was watching it I noticed it was slowly moving through the sky, is was quite a ways out but I could clearly make out a few odd things.  The UFOs light was waving back and forth as it was slowly moving one direction and then all the sudden going another direction.  As I stared at it for a good five minutes I also saw what seemed like a very shiny metallic metal as it was moving around in strange ways.  There were no lights like an airplane or helicopter has and it wasn’t moving around like any aircraft I have ever seen I was absolutely sure it was some sort of UFO.  Since me and my mother both strongly believe in aliens I ran into the hou! se to get her, threw my sunglasses on her and took her out to see what I did. 					Witness #2 					 	At approximately 1:45 I was sitting on my couch in my apartment when my son burst through the door exclaiming that I “needed to get my sandals on and come with him”.   I had to ask him to slow down and tell me again because he was very excited.  I put on my sandals and followed him out the door and down the stairs asking him what was going on.  He told me that he had seen a ufo.  He said he had been watching it for about five minutes before risking losing it to come get me so that he could have someone else witness it. 	I walked with (behind, had a hard time keeping up in his excitement) him to the road where he started looking up into the sky in a northern direction.  He told me where it was and I looked up and was able to see something.  It was just a metallic dot in the blue sky which at first I thought could have just been a plane high up in the sky.  But then my son told me I needed to use his glasses and I put them on and could REALLY see it.  At first I wasn’t sure what I was seeing although I could tell it was metallic because it was waving (or rocking perhaps?) and as it moved, the light would shine on it and it would sparkle. I could not see the shape but I could see that it was what I would call masked or cloaked as sometimes it would appear to be larger and it appeared to have a shape kind of like an oval or tilted saucer but it was like, see-through or reflecting the sky or something.  I think this sounds insane.  I am almost doubting what I just saw because it seems so out there. 	We followed it around some trees as it headed north after it went around in circles for a while, changing directions and wagging.  All of a sudden it headed north and didn’t “play” anymore.  It just disappeared about three seconds later.  It was there and then it just wasn’t. 	I turned around and my son touched my arm and said “look” and pointed to the sky on the other side of town and I could see a jet climbing at an unusually rapid and straight up motion, heading in the basic direction where the craft was.  We commented on the idea that it could be headed towards the craft and headed inside.  On the way in we noticed that from another point in the sky from the southeast, (the first coming from the northeastern direction) there was another jet headed in what appeared to be straight up just like the first. In the direction of the craft in the sky.  That was the last thing we/I saw and then we came in the apartment and sat down to report it.;44.0755;-116.9247
