observed a white object against a blue sky which did not move or behave like an airplane;1999-10-21 13:00:00;15 minutes;observed a white object against a blue sky which did not move or behave like an airplane The object first appeared to be a jetliner travelling south at a high altitude. Then it moved radically toward the west. It seemed to go either into or behind a cloud where it remained visible and appeared to stop. It then moved from behind the cloud headed west, then turned back to the north which was strange in that thats where it originally came from. For a long time I was able to see the object as a white dot. That was the most notable characteristic , the pure white color. Through binoculars you could sort of make out a swept wing type of design but I cant be sure of that. The object moved in a strange way unlike either a plane or a baloon. There was no contrail. Neither my wife nor I could explain what we had seen.;35.1343999999999;-118.448
Immense in size, Cheveron or V shaped, silent until it turned, then there was a thunderous roar.;2005-06-12 20:33:00;2 minutes approx.;Immense in size, Cheveron or V shaped, silent until it turned, then there was a thunderous roar. On June 12th, 2005, at 20:33 hours, while taking an evening stroll with my wife and son, near twilight hours, in the community of Bear Valley Springs, located just outside the city of Tehachapi, CA we the three of us spotted a very unusual aircraft. The evening was dead quite when the craft was spotted. My son was the first to have seen it. Then, my wife and myself. At a first glance it appeared to me as a regular plane in the distance with possibly landing gear down creating twinkling lights that veried from red to white. However, within a split second I realized that it made no noise and it was enormous in size realtive to the mountains that it was slowly moving past. Then, an immense roar seemed to propel it heading East. When it turned it was difficult to conceive the overall size. Also, as it turned it revealed more lights appearing in a cheveron or V shape. I believe it had to be moving very rapidly, but not as one might perceive when something of normal appearing size moves. I say this because anything of such immense proprtions would have to have a significant speed to propel it out of view in such a short time. We were unable to make out an outline. However, when it turned I ran from the top of the road, down into my house. I grabbed a digital camera and shot some video. I thought the video was worthless. With my naked eye I could faintly see the craft, so I thought the camera was not picking-up anythiong of value. After reviewing the video on my computer, I was embarrassed because I sounded rediculous with excitement. I even phoned the local police that night because I thought for sure we could not have been the only people to have seen it. Recently, after finding this site I saw a picture that had lights that seemed similar. A cheveron or V type object, so I took another peak at the video. I ran through the video frame by frame. Frames of the craft appear insignificant, bouncy, and have nothing to compare relative size, but two frames one is able to identify a string of lights. What is viewable could be the back of the craft, as it had already turned towards the South/East towards Mojave. I took that picture, using some simple photo tools, I enhanced the brightness of the object to try to see an outline. I will submit the picture to you. I am not a UFO buff, I would say it had to be military. However, due to the immense size of the craft puts a immense question mark inside my brain. Why so damn big! I was USAF for six years. I saw a lot of aircraft. While I was stationed at Edwards AFB it was not uncommon to see the B-2 Bomber flying around as we played golf, but this was no B-2. In size there was no comparison and while the B-2 has deceptive lines in flight it is not silent. I'm still bewildered.;35.1343999999999;-118.448
