Tehacipi, CA: Lights sighted and missing time noted.;1987-11-26 06:30:00;8 minutes;Tehacipi, CA: Lights sighted and missing time noted. I was traveling on Hiway 58 over the Tehchapi Pass and decided to take the scienc route through the hillside off of the freeway.  It was a bright morning the sun was just coming up over the hills towards the east. I first noticed the vehicle behind me it seemed odd, because it was not directly on the road but somewhat above the road. I keep trying to get a good look at it because the lights were placed oddly on it.  They were up high and to far apart for a car.  The road is very windy and I had to concentrate on my driving but the vehicle behind(above) my car (a volkswagon bug)continued to follow me too closely.  I become alarmed when I realized it was actually above me and as I began to go around a sharp bend in the road I was suddenly blindeed by what I thought was the front of a semi-truck trailer(behind the cab)but after it passed me I looked into the side view and rear view mirrors and saw there was not a truck there!  I saw that the vehicle that was following me was now going past me above the road.  I couldn't get a good view of it due to the glare of the rising sun. But it was definitly flying past my car. After I was blinded by what I thought was the metallic reflection of the front of a semi-truck trailer I noticed the lights on the vehicle behind me were blue and a light green color. After being blinded and realizing something was flying past I got really scared and about in a 30 to 40 span minutes later I found myself knelling on the side of the road about a 1/4 mile away from my car. Then after walking to car and starting it up the next thing I am aware is that I am pulling into the Tehachpi Prison grounds!!! I turn and around and drive away from there only to next realize that I am at my friend's house in Rosamond and over 4 hours had passed.;35.1343999999999;-118.448
Green/blue bright light beams down for several seconds - totally silent outside.;2015-12-29 22:00:00;3 seconds;Green/blue bright light beams down for several seconds - totally silent outside My 2 sons (21 & 22 years old) and I were outside in the hot tub around 10pm in heavy fog, initially, but the fog lifted and we started seeing stars.  My youngest son and I were facing my house looking up and my oldest son was facing us.   Suddenly an extremely bright light (greenish blue) seemed to spotlight down over the eave of the house.  It only lasted a few seconds.   The son facing away from the house toward us said the trees and horse pasture lit up, but he didn't see the light directly.   My youngest and I had to squint while looking at it.   We all immediately said, What was THAT??   It was totally silent outside - no noise whatsoever.;35.1343999999999;-118.448
