While driving home in the evening I saw four objects I can't easily explain away moving fast in the western sky and then were gone.;2001-01-05 17:20:00;6 minutes;While driving home in the evening I saw four objects I can't easily explain away moving fast in the western sky and then were gone. I drive from Ardmore, Oklahoma to Ada, Oklahoma for work everday. On my return home is when I witnessed something I can't clearly explain. I'm not certain what it was I saw, and would love for you to respond to inform me what I saw was a series of meteorites burning up in the atmosprere or a formation of non-conventional aircraft. However, whatever it was, wasn't of the norm. I've tried to dispell what I saw as not what it appeared to be, but I can't let it go. In summation, I hope the following will help to determine what I witnessed in the western skies of Oklahoma. I was traveling generally west into the setting sun on the Chickasaw Turnpike just on the outskirts of Ada, Oklahoma. It takes roughly 15 minutes to drive from begining to end of the before mentioned roadway. I was approximately two minutes into the first part of the turnpike when I noticed three strangely shaped objects suspended in the sky. My first thought was thin clouds reflecting the setting sun. Still driving and annalyzing these objects I noticed what appeared to be in a formation. One following the other. Maybe a quarter of a mile seperating one fron the other. Further, what was once three was now four. My next guess involved some type of aircraft. I pulled the car to the side of the highway to see wether or not the objects I was seeing were moving or not. After coming to a complete stop I exited my vehicle and stood on the side of the road. Whatever these things were, they were definately moving and moving quick. Like I said, I was travelling west. These objects were moving from the northwest going to the southeast. Driving an hour both ways to work everyday, a person sees a lot of planes flying on the horizon. These looked like nothing I've ever seen. From my viewpoint, the two nearest objects were throwing what appeared to be flame hundreds of feet behind them. Also, they moved from a speck on the horizon to possibly a half-mile away to completely out of site within minutes. My last thoughts before the objects suddenly vanished from site, was they could be some type of meteorite or space debri plummeting to the Earth. This thought was a litle scary. I like to watch the Discovery Channel and have seen severel documentries showing what type of damage an object hitting the Earth can do. I attempted to find out some kind of news about just such a thing the rest of my journey home with no such luck. I then spent the weekend wondering if television would report some type of occurence. Once again the answer was no. I don't know what I saw. I'm asking you. I'm not some mental case who makes up things either. I have a steady career and a solid home life. I don't drink or do drugs. To my knowledge, neither am I insane. Please respond.;34.7838;-96.6938
Glowing orange and noiseless object in sky ocer Ada,Ok;2014-10-18 20:30:00;7 minutes;Glowing orange and noiseless object in sky ocer Ada,Ok My son and I were driving east and observed a glowing orange object. The object could have been described as a fireball i guess but had no noise or any other lights or recognizable features.  We watched it travel in a southern direction for about 3 minutes then  it effortlessly switched directions and traveled in an eastern direction.  We then watched it travel east for about 4 minutes.  It then disappeared, the sky was clear so no clouds or anything to disappear behind.   My son tried and record it with his cellphone we havent looked to see how it showed.;34.7838;-96.6938
