strange lights in the sky;2003-10-31 22:30:00;3-5 minutes;strange lights in the sky I was 15 years old and i was out trick-or treating with a friend of mine, trick- or treat had been over by this time but we lived in a very rural area with lots of woods and dirt roads. The event that took place was like nothing either one of us had ever seen, I believe in U.F.O's and i kno that what i had seen was NOT normal, we had been walking home and we came to the edge of the dirt road where it had turned into pavement, my friend stopped walking and looked to the sky, at this time i had turned around and and looked up to see what he was starring at.I then observed a triangular object with a bright non blinking lights at each of its pionts, the object was very large and it was not transparent, it was a large craft of somesort, while we were looking at the object neither of us spoke we just stood there in amazement the craft was moving but very slowly then it spun around and dissapeared, we went back to his house and told his family what we had witnessed, but ofcourse with it being halloween, nobody had ever believed us. But i know what i saw and so did he and its something that we will never be able to explain and definatley will never forget.;40.7796;-80.0549
VERY Large Triangle Shape Near Butler, PA.;2005-06-15 22:00:00;20 seconds;VERY Large Triangle Shape Near Butler, PA. I know you probably receive many of these reports, reports, and I wish to remain anonymous just because people may think I'm crazy or lying.  This was roughly the year and month, the day I have no idea. I been keeping this to myself for about 9 years now.  Roughly 3 miles north of Evans City, PA, in a town of Wahlville, I was outside walking around, after we had a fire or before one, can't remember, and I remember hearing a loud engine noise, like a military heavy jet.  I looked up and right above me appears 5 lights The object filled the sky completely almost, and the object had bright lights, in a backwards V shape moving east.  The object moved extremely fast.  While moving there was no sounds. It reminded me of a stealth, but we have no stealth bases in our area and there wouldn't be 5 bright lights.  I know if I come out publicly people will think I need to see a psych but I know what I saw.  The light were white, not the normal amber.  I could not see an outline. P. S. Please do not take this as a fake report.  I have talked to a few other people who had encounters and they believe me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.7796;-80.0549
Triangular object in the sky in Evans City pa  ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));2009-09-19 19:50:00;15 seconds;Triangular object in the sky in Evans City pa We were driving towards Evans City.  We looked into the sky and next to a very bright star was an object which looked like it was projecting a triangular light underneath the craft.  It was very bright but the light did not come to the ground and it was very high up.  The object was near a very bright star or maybe planet.  We then were blocked from the view by some trees but we could make out that it was fading away.  Once we passed the trees the object had disappeared.   We figure from when we saw the object until it vanished that it was about 15 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));40.7796;-80.0549
