In my 20s and 30s, I had encounters with UFO aliens a few of times, whom I think were anthropoligist from the future.;1989-06-01 00:00:00;5 minutes;In my 20s and 30s, I had encounters with UFO aliens a few of times, whom I think were anthropoligist from the future. NUFORC report  I was abducted a number of times between 1984 and 1990.  The first time was near Salem, Indiana in 1984. My first husband and I were driving home about 10 PM on Hwy 60 between Pekin Indiana and Salem Indiana after visiting his parent’s house. I noticed a flashing light on the side of the road in a field. I told my husband, “Look! A car has gone off the side of the road!”, so he hit the brakes to see if we could help.  As the car slowed down and we got closer to the blinking light in the field I saw small children-like creatures in the road and I screamed, “Watch out! There are children in the road!” We ended up on the shoulder of the road and the children-like creatures came over to the car and looked in the windows. One of our children who were in the backseat woke up and asked, “What’s happening? Are we home?”  I saw one of them – they were the traditional gray creatures with big black eyes. It was looking in our window. I wondered if anyone else driving would come past and see us parked there. I was worried about our children.  Suddenly it was almost 3 AM and we were home in Salem. My first husband had one child, carrying them to bed and I had the other. I was disoriented. I asked Michael how it got so late, and he said he didn’t know. We were exhausted and went to sleep.  1986  This was around the time of the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster in January 1986. Michael and I were visiting friends near Pekin, Indiana. We were going to sleep over at the Baiocchi house. Dave Baiocchi went outside, it was cold, and called to me, I was in the kitchen. He said, “Michele, come out and see this light in the tree!” so I went out the screen door. He was right, there was a blinding light shining on this tree in his front yard.  We were ten feet from the house. I could see my husband in the kitchen. I looked into the tree and saw something 4 feet tall in the branches of the tree, in this bright light, but I couldn’t see what it was. It was just a silhouette. I asked David, “What is that?” He said, “It’s a giant owl.”  I looked again and it was! It was a giant owl, hovering in the branches of this big tree, looking at us.  Suddenly I was in a field down the hill from the house. It was pitch-black. I stepped forward and I felt like someone hit me in the middle of the chest really hard. The force threw me back and on my butt. David said, “It’s an electric fence. Just stay right there and I’ll come to you.” We were both in the field with this fence between us and the house.  I asked him, “Where are we? How did we get out here?”  David said, “We’re in the field. The lights left us here.”  I said, “What lights?” He turned around and I did too. He said, “They’re gone now. And they were so pretty too.”  He did something to the fence, and we got back to the house. My husband and his wife were in the kitchen and really angry. They said they had been calling for us for over an hour and we were nowhere to be found.  I told them that it couldn’t be that late, but when I looked at the clock, an hour and a half later than when I had gone outside to check the light in the tree. I couldn’t explain where we had been or how we had ended up in the field. My husband thought I was lying but I wasn’t. We all went to bed and never talked about it again.  1987  I saw Whitley Strieber’s book Communion in a bookstore and there was a gray on the front cover. I was shocked and said to myself, “I wonder how he knows what THEY look like.” And then I thought: How do I know what they look like? I read the book and realized that was what had happened to me.  1987  My husband and I were divorced, and I was living in Clarksville, Indiana and I fell in the shower and broke my nose. My boyfriend took me to the Clark County Hospital and they took x-rays of my face. The doctor came in and told my boyfriend to leave and he did. The doctor asked if my boyfriend had broken my nose because the x-rays showed my nose had been broken many times and had healed before. I said no, my boyfriend wasn’t beating me up.  The doctor said, “Good! Because I want to show both of you something that is really odd that showed up in your x-rays.” He called my boyfriend in and put up the x-rays on a lightbox. The doctor said, “Look at this! You have something between your nose and your skull that looks like – well, I haven’t seen anything like it.” We all leaned in to see the x-ray.  The object was square and looked like a cube of Mini-wheat cereal. I could see the thing, it was in back of my nose. My boyfriend laughed and said, “What the hell is that?”  The doctor said, “I don’t know what it is, but maybe someday it’ll just come out when you blow your nose or something. You’re not in pain or anything are you?”  I told him no, not usually – except I had a broken nose right now. He said, “We could try to get it out with surgery, but if it doesn’t bother you, we can leave it till it comes out on its own and get you out of here.” So he put my nose back in place and I went home.  1989  I was living in Bellingham, Washington with my 2nd husband. We lived at the end of Samish Way on a hill. The house was in front of a wooded area with a gravel road that went around the entire area in a triangle. My husband and I were sleeping and suddenly I was awake and knew THEY were in the room. I sat up and saw my husband sleeping and I started screaming at him to wake up that THEY were here. I tried hitting him on the chest, but he wouldn’t wake up. And then I was paralyzed and I laid back down.  Then I was outside with two greys and a tall alien. We were floating over the gravel road, heading back through the trees toward a flashing glowing light in the field on the other side of fence.  The tall alien had peach-colored skin. His head was triangular. He was obviously in charge of the expedition. He was wearing a green checkered, sports coat that was too large for his thin body. He thought to me, “How do you like my new sportscoat?”  I realized that was the tall one was wearing the sportscoat to make me feel more at ease. I looked at the sportscoat and said, “That is ugly.” I started to laugh. One of the greys looked up at the tall alien and said, “She’s coming too close to the top!”  The tall alien seemed disappointed, as if I were a favorite pet and enjoyed talking to me. He raised his right hand and made a motion and thought to me, “Go back under”.  The next day, the radios in both cars wouldn’t work, they never worked again after that night. The cars were parked between the house and the spaceship. The light in the oven was burned out.  I began to have dreams about the incident, especially the sportscoat.  A few weeks later I was watching Phil Donahue and he had an alien researcher on the show. He had drawings of aliens and showed them. In the middle on the bottom was a thin, peach-colored alien wearing a sportscoat. I rushed towards the tv. “That’s my alien!” I screamed. “That’s my alien!” It was during the day and I was alone, of course.  Phil Donahue chuckled and said, “What’s up with this guy? Why is he wearing that silly coat?” The audience all laughed at the alien researcher. I decided there and then that I would never say anything to anyone about what I had seen and what I knew. I couldn’t stand the ridicule that guy had suffered on stage.  1989  I found myself looking out over Samish Way from a great height. It was nighttime. I thought I was in a doctor’s office in a very tall building maybe. The doctor came in but I just heard him talking, I never saw him. He said, “Now we need to give you the eye test. So put your chin here.” There was a contraption there, oval, and I put my chin on the bottom. He said, “This will only hurt a little, so don’t be afraid.”  There was a console of lights and this needle started coming right towards my eye, so I backed out of the oval. The doctor said, “We must do this test. He forced my head forward and made the oval fit around my head so I couldn’t move, and the needle came back out and started heading towards my eye. The doctor said, “Keep your eye open, this won’t hurt.” It was my right eye. I don’t remember anything else about that night.  Years later my son suggested I get an eye test and I said I didn’t want to because they take a needle and stick it in your eye and he laughed and said they never did that.  I went to the eye doctor four years ago and they said I have an anomaly in the back of my right eye, some strange collection of blood vessels. I don’t know if it’s connected or not, but there it is.  1954  I was born in 1954. My father was an army guard at a radar station in Iceland. He came home for a one-day furlough and I was born 10 months later. My mother said I was a child of the devil because I was inside her so long. When I was born, I had calcium deposits on my head that looked like horns and calcium deposits under my nails that looked like half-moons. My father always said I was someone else’s. I got a DNA test, and I don’t match my siblings. I have almost no German (my maiden name was Zollman) and I have Russian DNA too. There are no Russian ancestors in my linage...I’ve checked.;48.758048028674;-122.463991039427
looking to the north I saw a orange colored object flying west.It changed directions to east,then back to west,then north where is diss;1999-09-13 20:30:00;1min 30 sec;looking to the north I saw a orange colored object flying west.It changed directions to east,then back to west,then north where is dissappeard over the roofs of the houses. It was obout 9:30 on Monday evening. I was outside of my house smoking a cigarette and was looking north into the sky (towards Canada).  I noticed out of the corner of my eye a orange sort of light that was pulsing at a slow rate. The pulsing never went completely out just faded in and out.  I watched this object as it traveled east to west. All of the sudden it came to almost a complete stop and went in the opposite direction (east), then almost stopped again and came back to the west. Then the object started moving in the direction of north towards Canada.  I watched this for about 1 minute and 30 seconds before it dissappeared over the tops of the houses.  It was not moving at a fast rate of speed, slower than an airplane would, I should know, many airplanes fly over our house all day long, and there was no red or white flashing lights, like the airplanes use at night, just the orange colored pulsing light.  It was a bit larger than a star, and made no noise that I could here.  This really caught my attention because of the half zig-zag it did in the sky.;48.758048028674;-122.463991039427
Bellingham UFO oval orange light on bottom.;2013-02-28 10:00:00;30 seconds;Bellingham UFO oval orange light on bottom Oval craft hovered to the right slowly, then slowly hovered down and to the left,  then went behind a tree line.  It was quiet and had an orange glow on the bottom. Myself and roomate saw it.;48.758048028674;-122.463991039427
