Witnessed unexplainable orangish and reddish lights on a flying object;2020-07-03 23:45:00;10 seconds;Witnessed unexplainable orangish and reddish lights on a flying object While sitting outside Friday night I looked to the south and noticed an object moving in the sky from East to West.  The number and color of the lights on the object is what grabbed my immediate attention.  There was a row of 3 to 5 orangish lights on top, the middle had 5 to 7 reddish lights and the bottom row was 3 to 5 orangish lights.  The top and bottom rows seemed to flash in synchronicity, while they were off the middle row was on. It was flying low, there are numerous hills in my area.  It was between 800 to 1200 yards away, maybe 400 feet off the ground, it made no sound.  There are no airports near me and no flight paths of any kind.  The weather was clear at the time, I was on my phone with a friend and described it to him and he suggested fireworks.  I've seen fireworks my whole life and aircraft of all kinds and descriptions.  I am a retired Navy veteran and have watched airplanes my whole life.  I have never seen anything like this, especially the light! array on this thing.  It was kind of eerie and awesome at the same time.  I truly believe that this was not any sort of craft of this world.  If I had to guess at dimensions I'd say it was appropriately 50 feet long and 50 feet tall.  The patt err rn of lights suggested the middle portion of the craft was longer than the top and bottom, hence the oval selection.  The way the lights were flashing suggests to me they were following the circumference of the craft because there was brief intervals where the side I was had lights out, that's why I can't give an exact count of the lights.  Thsnks.;36.807;-85.3945
Was over cumberland river near bridge and flew over house on south side bluetooth radio and lights outside started to blink radio made;2021-05-01 23:00:00;5 minutes;Was over cumberland river near bridge and flew over house on south side bluetooth radio and lights outside started to blink radio made humming sound and alarm on house went off. Alarm has been off and not used in months never done that before. Silent no sound Helicopter flew same direction as other at slow pace. Neighbor said his horses still not wanting to go away from barn nervous of event hours later.;36.807;-85.3945
