Orange Glowing Unidentified objects over the Gulf seen by 4 different people at once.;2007-06-06 22:00:00;34 minutes;Orange Glowing Unidentified objects over the Gulf seen by 4 different people at once. My Husband first noticed a orange looking circular shape appear over the ocean. He pointed it out to the rest of us thinking at first that it could be some sort of spotlight from a helicopter or plane. Within a minute or two the light suddenly dissapeared and reappeared in seconds above the coast line to the right of it's original location. This flashing from left to right went on for approx. 5 or more minutes. There was no sound, no flashes, no type of trail as though from any form or flare or fired round. The lights stopped for a couple of minutes and then reappeared more extravagent. I personally witnessed the light appear over the ocean and then another orb seemed to stretch out of the original. The cloned orange orb moved faster than light to the far right and then in a quick spinning type motion the light stretched and lines appeared in it. Those went away and then suddenly 4 different ones appeared with the last one to remain being in the same spot as the one that had spun. That one two spun and they all vanished. This lasted from the time we noticed it for about 34 minutes central time. There were no planes, no helicopters, no jets, etc. and no sound at all. I never believed in anything and am still not sure of what it could have been except that of a UFO considering the fact that we can not identify it. The beach was full of crab hunters, so others who may not have been focused upon the beach could have witnessed this as well. We did observe these through bonoculars, however by the time we thought to grab a camera the lights stopped. I guess our word is all we have though the lights stayed long enough to get plenty of pictures, I think we were all more stunned than anything. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and she sounded to us to be quite sober-minded.  We do not know what they saw.  PD));30.2732;-87.7605999999999
