Bright white object streaking across the front yard then disappearing.;2010-10-03 10:30:00;5-8 seconds;Bright white object streaking across the front yard then disappearing. October 4, 2010  I was standing in my kitchen at approximately 10:30 AM on Sunday morning, October 3, 2010, when I looked toward the front of my house where the front door is located.  We have two side windows running the length of the door on either side.  I saw a slightly larger than beach ball sized white object coming toward our house from the road, which is about 200 yards.  The color of the object was a bright white, which was what originally caught my attention, and travelling fast, about 6 – 8 inches above the ground.  It appeared somewhat transparent.  When it was about 30 yards from our house, it shot off to the left toward our driveway and the woods beyond.  As it changed directions, it changed from being a sphere-like shape to an elongated shape, almost like an oval.  During the time it travelled from the road toward our house, my eyes didn’t leave the object.  I walked down the hall toward the side window watching its approach.  By the time I reached the front door, it shot off ! to the left.  I opened the front door, still perplexed by what I’d seen, and walked outside.  I looked to the left and to the right trying to figure out what it was.  I saw nothing.  I walked down the front sidewalk toward our side entry garage in the direction it had gone and there was nothing there.  It had simply disappeared.   I thought maybe it was an empty plastic garbage bag that had been caught in the wind and was blowing back toward our house, but that was not what it appeared to be or looked like.  And if it had been a plastic bag, I would’ve seen it either caught up against one of the 3 fence lines on that side of the house or caught in the tall weeds and grass at the edge of the woods.  There was not enough time for a bag to simply disappear the way this object had.    I said to my wife when I first saw it ‘I just saw a glowing white ball of light’ coming down the yard, which was my first and initial impression.  My wife and I immediately walked to the back of t! he house and out into the back yard to get a better view of th! e wooded area behind our house and again, there was simply nothing.   I have no idea if this description of my experience is at all similar to any other ufo sightings, but it is the only explanation we can come up with.  It was a gloomy, gray day with no sun shining at all at that time.  There were no cars passing by on the road.  We couldn’t think of anything at all that could’ve caused what I witnessed.  I would very much like to know if this could have possibly have been a ufo sighting.;39.0234999999998;-84.2082999999994
