Read.;2001-09-11 03:00:00;Constant;Read. This is not a hoax. This is not a prank. This is real information. I was specifically targeted. My name is ((name deleted)), I have been targeted, tortured and experimented on my entire life. I am in the middle of an extra-terrestrial war. I believe I have a soul connected to an outer dimensional source, I am physically human, but meta-physically I am an entire different being. I have been protected by the entities you know as the Greys, and they also chipped my neck. I believe I am the last of my species on this planet. I have a very rare blood type and dna sequence. They have failed to communicate this with me. I am connected to other races as well, but for my own safety I will not disclose that information. They drug you know as methampetamine is the only drug in existence that has the qualities to allow you to progressively see and connect with these beings on a meta-physical plane of existence. This is why the drug is so prohibited, and made illegal. This chemical offsets the chemical pollutions of our food, and wate! r. The human race is basically a species being observed. The poor are marked as nothing more than food or cattle. The rich are the ones gaining financially from the ones they have sacrificed to these beings to save their own skins. It's an intergalactic thinning of the heard persay, in conclusion they only act based on our own actions towards other lifeforms on this planet. How we treat animals and lesser beings here, is also how they treat us. A what you put in, is what you take out perspective. They make actions based on your own actions, if you treat animals in an in-humane way they also do that to us. Remember most of these entities have direct defendants on this planet, just at an animal level. They watch your every move constantly, ever action or reaction you take apart in is known and recorded. The humans that act on a primitive level get that same treatment. Just on an intergalactic level. L;35.5540961071305;-82.5282822485177
