HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Flying cross with panels of lights on the underside.;2003-04-03 22:55:00;approx: 9 seconds;Flying cross with panels of lights on the underside. I received a call from a Terrace, B.C. resident who reported something strange to me. Now after listening to what the witness had was reporting, I started thinking back to 2002 when I received a similar report from Terrace, B.C.  Two witnesses, just about a 1/2 of a kilometer west of Terrace watched and extremely large object fly very low over the Skeena River. They said it was overcast that night when they saw this thing. What they reported seeing was a huge dark colored object in the shape of a cross. The witness I chatted with said the body of the object was certainly longer than, say the wing span. It moved very slowly, no sound what so ever coming from it and on the bottom of the object it looked as if there were panels of colored lights on these panels. These panels number some 6 in total. The witness also mentioned that they could not see how high, or  the thickness would have been to the body of this object. Just to dark, and with the colored lights being so bright on the bottom of it, it obscured the view to some degree. This sighting lasted approx: 8 to 9 seconds before they lost sight of it due to the tree line blocking their view. (HBCC UFO Note: I asked if he could give me an approx: size of this craft, he thought about it for a bit and said it might have been the size of a 737 jet airliner. I also asked if any of these colored lights on the object were flashing, he said no.  I don't know what to make of this one, but after going back reading a report from 2002 I received, it sounds like it may be close to what was reported to me last year. I haven't been able to talk to the second witness as of yet. I hope to, but no luck so far.  Thank you to the witness for their report. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike, Director of the Houston, British Columbia, Canada UFO Research organization, for sharing this report.  We encourage other witnesses to the same event to contact Mr. Vike directly at the following e-address:  <hbccufo@telus.net>    His website homepage for Canadian reports, or ordering his newsletter,  is: <http://www.geocities.com/hbccufo/home.html>      All the British Columbia UFO reported sightings to HBCC UFO Research can be found at: <http://www.geocities.com/ufologia_canadiana/BC2002sightings.html> PD));54.5154;-128.6042
