HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Couple driving Highway #16 witness large dish shaped object.;2003-02-22 22:30:00;1 1/2 minutes;Couple driving Highway #16 witness large dish shaped object. First of all I would like to thank Mr. Peter Davenport, director of the National UFO Reporting Center for making me aware of a sighting which took place on February 22, 2003 at Mill Bay on Vancouver Island. This report looks as if it goes hand in hand with the two reported sightings at Kitimat and the sighting between Terrace and Prince Rupert, British Columbia on the same evening. A couple driving home from Prince Rupert to Terrace, B.C. and approx: 85  kilometers west out of Terrace when they witnessed a huge object travelling north across the Skeena River. (HBCC UFO Note: The Skeena River widens out a lot at this point and can be up to two miles or more across the valley as it heads to the ocean). The object itself was dark in color, or black. Again what caught the attention of the motorists was the bright lights which were seen on the bottom of the object. Two large, almost rectangular lights could be seen glowing from the bottom of the object. Also they said it moved so very slowly which they found really strange. When I talked with the husband, he said he wanted to pull over to get a better look as he was driving, but his wife was frightened, crying and insisted that he keep going and quickly. No noise again was reported coming from the object, but the couple were in their car travelling around Highway #16. It was certainly a disk shaped craft. He also mentioned that there were other vehicles on the road at the time, (not many) and someone else must have seen it. The sighting lasted for approx: a minute and a half at the most from what he told me. I asked the husband roughly how high the object was off the ground as it travelled. He said it was high enough to clear all the mountains in the area. (HBCC UFO Note: On this route from Prince Rupert to Terrace you travel straight through the West Coast Mountain range which is very rugged. I am not sure as to the elevation where this event took place, but it would have to be around 2500 to 3000 feet. I will be checking this out as well. I plan to meet with all of the witnesses just as soon as the weather cooperates. Anyway, this gives everyone an idea of what just took place, three reports, one coming from Vancouver Island, Kitimat and in between Terrace & Prince Rupert all on the same night. Plus there is not a lot of time difference between each of the sightings. When I meet with these folks I will see if they can draw a rough sketch of what they saw, and of course try to get a lot more detail on these sightings. From Houston, B.C. where I am it is another 3 hour drive to Terrace, B.C, then you head east for approx another half hour to get to Kitimat, B.C. So a long drive there and back again ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike, Director of the Houston, British Columbia, Canada UFO Research organization, for sharing this report.  We encourage other witnesses to the same event to contact Mr. Vike directly at the following e-address:  <hbccufo@telus.net>    His website homepage for Canadian reports, or ordering his newsletter,  is: <http://www.geocities.com/hbccufo/home.html>      All the British Columbia UFO reported sightings to HBCC UFO Research can be found at: <http://www.geocities.com/ufologia_canadiana/BC2002sightings.html> PD));54.5154;-128.6042
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Disk with a number of lights on it.;2003-08-31 19:00:00;1 minutes;Disk with a number of lights on it. About an hour ago I had a fellow telephone me from Terrace, British Columbia to make a report, he said they had heard me on the radio speaking about UFO sightings in the area. He and his fiancée were on their way home, which is in the Thronhill area of Terrace when they spotted a strange object hovering high in the sky.  The couple were driving along Crumb Road and looked up just over the trees and high up underneath the clouds they saw the object. He described it as being rather flat, dark gray in color and it sat stationary for approx: one minute before it disappeared. They both saw a number of lights on it, the fellow said he thought there were 5 lights, and his fiancée thought there were 6. All the lights were white in color and the witness said they looked like the headlights on a vehicle. The witness believe the lights were running around the object but was hard to say for sure.  His fiancée thought at first it may have been a plane, but they soon ruled that out because it sat in the same position for such a long time. It did not move. After I asked a number of questions, the witnesses said the object would have been shaped more like a disk in shape. It was rather long, but not a lot of height to it.  I asked the witness if he might give me some kind of idea of the size of the craft. As we know this is not an easy thing to do. The man turned to his fiancée and asked, both said they thought it may have been around one and a half thumbs wide. This was a guess at how long this object may have been. No sound was heard, mainly because the couple were in their vehicle and they may have not heard anything due to the altitude the craft was at. They also reported that the sun was not shinning off it, in other words no reflection off the object.  The couple said after the object disappeared they drove to the airport just to have a look to see if any planes were around the area, he told me there was nothing in the air.  Thank you to the witnesses for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;54.5154;-128.6042
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  A saucer shape and the outline was in light red.;2003-09-27 22:25:00;15 seconds;email report.  Hi Brian,  I was sitting outside facing west when a huge saucer, 4 times moon size, materialized out of nowhere right in front of me. I was not looking in any way just listening to music and relaxing after a 10 hour day of splitting firewood. This object of intensive white color did have a saucer shape and the outline was in light red. The object must have been only 35-40 meters, or even closer,  away AND it was not sitting still but moving up and down. I got very scared and my heart started pumping like crazy..I am still shaking.. The whole scenario lasted for only 15 seconds before the saucer became invisible.. There was some heat coming from it and it stank like rotten eggs...sulphur like smell but somehow different!! Everything took place just 10 minutes ago..  I am still shaking..  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Home - Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;54.5154;-128.6042
