HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Ring of colored lights with dark round object in the center.;2003-05-13 23:35:00;10 seconds;Ring of colored lights with dark round object in the center. I received a call from a woman who reported that her and two other witnesses who were on Ferry Island at the Ferry Island campground when they saw the weirdest thing happening in the sky above them, or over Ferry Island. She told me that they watched a number of funny colored lights (blue/red/yellow/white) traveling in their direction from the north. What made this a strange looking sight was that the lights seemed to pulsate, and only the white lights on the object grew very bright in intensity, and the other colored lights stayed at the same brightness. As the object drew closer to their location it seemed as if the lights, in a ring, surrounded a dark solid object which was in the center. From the glow off the lights they noted the dark object in the center was completely round in shape, with this ring of colored lights running around it. The object moved very quickly across the sky heading south. The approx length of the sighting lasted about 10 seconds before they lost sight of it due to the trees. She said it traveled in a straight line and up rather high in the sky, but low enough to catch a good look at it. No sound was heard coming from it and no tail was observed.  HBCC UFO Note: Last year in 2002 I had a similar sighting report come in from two Arrow truck drivers who were carrying concentrate ore from the mine here in Houston, B.C. Two trucks had pulled over to the side of the highway for 10 minutes at Meziadin Junction to watch an object which sounds like the same thing here in the report above.  Thank you to the witnesses for their report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for sharing the report with NUFORC.  PD));54.5154;-128.6042
