HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Glowing/oblong shaped object moving slowly along side highway.;2003-07-24 23:45:00;60 seconds;Glowing/oblong shaped object moving slowly along side highway . A witness called to tell me his story of what he and his wife saw. We live alongside the Skeena River which runs through Terrace, British Columbia. Our home is located high up on Mount (deleted by HBCC UFO), from here we have an excellent view of the surrounding area. We sometimes turn the lights off and just sit around with a coffee looking at what is going on below us. As we watched the traffic traveling along highway #16, entering the town of Terrace. (Terrace/Kitimat Junction), we saw a large glowing/oblong shaped object moving slowly along side highway #16 heading north. We thought at first it may have been a aircraft as the object paced some of the vehicles on the road. But then realized that whatever it was had to be way to low for any plane to fly at night in this area. Eventually the object made a sudden move, or jerked across the highway to the opposite side and came to a stop. (HBCC UFO Note: I asked the witness what he meant by the object jerked. He told me it looked as if it would either stop for a split second, then start moving again, or as it moved a head it would side back just a bit from where it was coming from and then travel a head).  As the witnesses watched it sitting in a stationary position on the west side of the highway, he said it looked like it gained a little altitude and then short off towards the west at an incredible rate of speed. Matter of fact the fellow who watched this take place said, if you were watching close when it sped off, you would have missed it due to how fast it was traveling. The witness guessed the two of them watched the object for approx: a minute before losing sight of it completely. He went on to tell me that this was not the first time he had saw something rather strange over the Terrace area. Last year (2002) his children dropped by for a visit, and one of the kids grown and now married, gave out a yell and all of them watched a huge glowing/golden colored thing moving over the town of Terrace. He said it moved fairly quick, but again stressed that whatever it was, was enormous. He had read articles on myself (HBCC UFO) in the Terrace Standard newspaper last year, but felt funny about coming forward to tell the story. But this year he said, I had to talk to someone over what we both saw, as it was just so strange.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  (Witness personal information deleted by HBCC UFO).  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for sharing this report with NUFORC.  PD));54.5154;-128.6042
