UFO that appeared to look like two attached triangles facing downwards shooting through the sky;2015-10-07 20:00:00;20 seconds;UFO that appeared to look like two attached triangles facing downwards shooting through the sky I was with my friend in his back yard standing up facing east south. My friend was facing me as we were talking.  As I was looking at the sky I had seen 2 upside down triangles attached that were miles and miles up in the sky but not just height wise but it was a good distance because it shot straight down towards earth like a shooting star glowing bluish greenish.   The first triangles point was facing down as well as the second triangles point attached to the base of the first one both facing upside down in the clear night sky. Not trail or anything was left behind only thing was me in a crazy realization of something else out their. My friend had not seen it due to the direction he was facing.;51.1802;-114.4698
A triangle shaped object with 3 glowing lights left a V shaped cloud before disappearing shortly after it was seen Southwest of Cochran;2019-12-02 16:30:00;3 minutes;A triangle shaped object with 3 glowing lights left a V-shaped cloud before disappearing shortly after it was seen Southwest of Cochran Observed SW of Cochrane, distant triangle with 3 glowing lights left a V of cloud and disappeared (along with its clouds) after only a couple minutes.  This repeats daily at/around sunset. Observed by my boyfriend and I- both 24, both skeptical people.  He does insurance and I'm a massage therapist.  Sound of mind people but we see this happen daily;51.1802;-114.4698
My friend and I saw many black triangles with flashing lights flying around us;2019-12-18 23:30:00;45 minutes;My friend and I saw many black triangles with flashing lights flying around us My friend and I were driving my my house near a tri-school area when we saw a blinking white, green and red light object in the sky.  It looked far away as though it was an airplane but I thought the flashing colours were strange.  We drove closer and it was very close to us and low to the ground and we saw a flat triangular shape with three lights, one at each end. It was very close and we freaked out and drove up a hill as it started following really close and fast.  We lost track of it and it disappeared.  We drove out of the area we were in and saw it further away again we tried to follow it but it would disappear in front of our eyes.  We started seeing a bunch of them (around 5-10) all around but they kept disappearing and reappearing in weird areas.  At the same time we kept seeing balls of light around us that would disappear as well out of nowhere. This lasted about 45 mins before we left;51.1802;-114.4698
Grey pie shaped object hovering in sky, rotates, turns black, then disappears.;2020-02-03 16:30:00;15 seconds;Grey pie shaped object hovering in sky, rotates, turns black, then disappears. Driving with my son westbound on rr 262 I noticed a grey pie shaped object in the sky out of my driver side window.  I alerted my son to look at it and he spotted it right away.  As I was driving,  I had my attention divided between the road ahead and the object in the sky to my left.  I took 4-5 2-3 second glances at the object, which seemed to be standing stationary in the sky. The object began to rotate, appeared to turn black, then disappeared. After it turned black I looked away to check the road and when I looked back it was gone.  No trail, nothing. Very clear sky with high visibility and ceiling. I  have binoculars in my truck which I quickly passed to my son in the back earlier on in the sighting, and he struggled to find it through the binoculars, but he watched for the first 10 seconds or so. The object was triangular in shape. It looked proportionately like a thick piece of cake.. The tail end was also “v” shaped or possibly described as a shallow chev! ron shape when observed from directly below . There were no windows, lights, lines or markings on the objects surface and the edges were all rounded. Within 1 min of us seeing the object we witnessed a military plane flying in the direction of our sighting.;51.1802;-114.4698
