My Saint Valentine Day Singthing 2008;2008-02-14 20:00:00;hour and a half;My Saint Valentine Day Singthing 2008 This happend on Valintines Day.   Around 7:00 and 7:30 my freind and i had decided to pull out my tellescope and check out the craters on the moon, plus i heard the Space Stachion was supposed to be in the sky that night. After 20 to 30 minutes my freind and my dad had gotton bored with looking throuh the telescope so my dad said he was going to take a shower and my freind decided to go back into his trailer which is next to mine.I decided to stay out longer. after about ten minutes alone after checking out the mmoon i decided to look around,i looked to the West over the ocean and had seen a Orange/Yellow ligth about 300 to 500 feet above the ocean traveling very slow down the coast,by this time i had ran to my freinds tralier which is 15 feet away fromm where i was standing and yelled at my freind to come see this ,he got out of his trailer and we seen this single light turn into 2 diffrent lights when i had seen that i ran over to my trailer and grabed my binoculors and about the time i was looking at the object it had changed colors to blue after seeing that i handed the binocs to my freind who then whached it pick up speed climbing higher in the sky till it disapeerd into space.about ten minuits of standing around trying to come up with a possible explanation we came to the conclusin it was a UFO.. We then had decided to go this hangout spot we call the top of the world which is on a moutain in Harbour where you can see over Brookings and Harbour in all directions in the night sky ,after being there for ten miniuts we where mostly lookinng over the ocean for the light we had seen earlyer,i had happend to look to the North/East from behind us and i had seen the second UFO,this one was HUGE,it was travling at a slow speed ,to slow to be anything manmade ,there was also no sound. The front of the craft was rectangler with rows of ligths on the very front ,and behind those sets of light was complete darkness alls you could see was a silhouette of the middle of the ufo and on the very en! d of it was a red light. the object than started heading over the ocean towards Crescent City California and whatched it fly over Crescent city then it started to fly East from there than it had abrubblty stoped for a minuite and it continued to fly east behind a moutain to where we could not see it anymore.  Thats 2 UFOs in a Hour annd a half.and its not the first time iv seen them around here,me and my mom have seen one together before this incident up the chetco river . Im left with many ??? iv thoght about calling the air traffic controler to see if the had anything on radar that night but havent.I also wonder if there are outher people that had seen it also .if anybody else has seen these ufos contact me at 541-((number deleted)) ask for ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.055;-124.2803
Orange balls.;2013-12-30 18:00:00;10 minutes;This is the second time that these Orange Balls have been seen off of the Southern Oregon coast.  A series of the balls seemed to come out of the ocean, but I could not be certain as I could not see the surface of the ocean from Hwy 1 near the Oregon California board.  Wave after wave of the balls came together and then climbed in a string upward into the sky until they went out of sight.  The size appeared to be about the size of baseballs so they were close to the coastline and not out to sea as they were during the first sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.055;-124.2803
Red orb moving across SE sky under controlled movement from...not  meteors or iss.  No visible tail or sound. ((anonymous report));2017-12-16 19:30:00;20 seconds;Red orb moving across south east sky under controlled movement from...not  meteors or iss.  No visible tail or sound, stayed consistently bright red the whole time I was visible and the disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.055;-124.2803
