Bright Green Flash of Light Seen for Brief Period in Night Sky;2008-01-24 19:10:00;about  1 to 1 1/2 seconds;Bright Green Flash of Light Seen for Brief Period in Night Sky At approximately 19:10 p.m. on my way home from work and the grocery store, I was crossing one of the bridges over our local interstate heading from Dublin, GA toward Dexter, GA on Georgia Highway 257.  As I got to the far side of the bridge and could note the traffic light, I noted that it was green.  Then I immediately noted another green light/ flash of light beyond and above the traffic light in the far distance.  This light appeared to burn green and streaked downward toward the horizon in a fast streak, changing to yellow as it fell.  This was much more vivid in color than any other meteor/shooting star that I have ever seen, but it did follow the same trajectory.  It was just much lower to the ground than anything that I have ever witnessed, and it was bright enough to be seen against other bright lights from the businesses at the interstate exchange including a convenience store, a closed heavy equipment company with many outside lights and one smaller convenience store as well as headlights from oncoming cars (I think two were coming at the time).  The whole incident could not have lasted more than 1 to 1 ½ seconds, but it was vivid enough that I fully expected to hear a boom.  Upon contemplating, however, it was probably very far away.  It was abnormal enough that after getting the kids in the bed, I tried to find out if there were any expected meteor showers or if there was a known plane crash or satellite failure.  I could find no evidence of anything like this on the web or new sites.  I have never reported anything like this before, but I have also never seen anything quite like this before either.  I mainly wanted to post this in case there were any other similar reports.  A reply would be nice if anyone has seen anything similar in the central Georgia sky at about the same time.;32.4583342857142;-82.9365382857149
