Warships, Surveillance Apparatus in Óur Skies from Twenty Nine Palms Airforce Base;2002-06-30 18:30:00;continuous;Warships, Surveillance Apparatus in Óur Skies from Twenty Nine Palms Airforce Base I would like to post publicly an email that I sent to friends of mine since I sighted this aircraft at dusk one evening in 2002 in an adjacent community of Palm Desert, CA, which is situated right over the hill from Air Force base Twenty-Nine Palms.  Literally, the resort is just a few sandy mountainous “hills” away from the military base. I was living in the midst of undeveloped desert land which somehow allowed for clarity... I was getting into my car to drive to La Quinta and I looked up and saw… not an ordinary BLIMP… but some silver-colored aircraft resembling a BLIMP in shape — but far more MASSIVE hovering above the houses. It was simply immense. Perhaps as large as 2 or 3 city blocks in Manhattan… And I would say it took up about 1/4 of the panorama.  It was floating in the sky fairly low. There was a thin ribbon of moving rainbow colors traveling around it’s girth like a belt and when I squinted, I could see it was actually a moving line of colored gases… I assume fuel.  This thing was so frightening, I hopped into my car and bee-lined it towards La Quinta with my dog. As I drove away, I turned back around for a moment to make certain I was not overreacting to this thing… but I hadn’t. It was just as frightening driving away. It was DEFINITELY NOT alien. This was home-grown from 29 Palms Airforce Base. I am certain that the aircraft I saw was either a WARSHIP… or a MONSTER SURVEILLANCE apparatus [to be used on American citizens... rest assured]. NO ONE reported a thing on the local news about it which only solidified my conviction that it was from the air force base! I personally know that their technology is about 100 years ahead of what they claim, so I had no illusions about this being extra-terrestrial. Another night ... late ... and right after 9/11 I saw a huge, black triangular aircraft that also just hung practically right over my house in the desert — without moving. There were lights beneath it but not bright and that too WAS NOT A UFO. You can take this for what it’s worth... but the feeling I got from this aircraft was very negative... even sinister. And that was not my imagination. I am posting this now because I was alerted minutes ago that a Blimp-type aircraft was seen in Stephenville Texas recently. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.8082;-116.3713
