bright streaks of light, hovering crafts, triangle lights, different colors , numerous aircrafts appeared to be playing in the sky;2005-07-15 23:00:00;2 hours;bright streaks of light, hovering crafts, triangle lights, different colors , numerous aircrafts appeared to be playing in the sky Im not sure of the exact date it happened, but it was this summer and the space shuttle came back from space the next day. I had just come home from work and I stepped outside onto my porch along with my husband and a friend around 10:30 PM. I immediately saw a very bright streak of white light travel across the sky and i thought that i had seen a shooting star, so i kept on looking for another one and then I saw one that only went a very short distance and it was very bright..I then started to think something was going on and then my husband spotted what appeared to be a star moving very quickly and jumping across the sky it swirled around in circles very fast and then dissapeared behind what looked like a normal star. Shortly afterwards, we began to see bright streaks of light zoom across the sky periodically and then what we thought were stars in the sky began moving around and coming closer (about airplane level) they were moving in very odd jumpy patterns and each of them had a bright red light. There were about 5 or 6 of them that we could see and they seemed to be playing with eachother. Then suddenly they started following eachother and they were all flashing bright lights in the shape of a triangle and the light started at the top and flashed down to the bottom of the triangle like christmas lights and they were green, purple, blue, red,and orange. They continued to play with eachother and they would periodically stop and hover, when they hovered they looked like nothing more than a normal star until they moved again. I witnessed one of them pass over the highway and when it did, all of its lights turned off. My friend did manage to snap some pictures of what we saw, I dont think that she has gotten them developed yet. The show finally ended around 1:00am. Also, when I woke up the next morning, i went to my computer and there was a warning message on it saying that the computer had not been able to shut down that night because other people were logged onto it at that time (we did not have the internet so i dont know how this was possible) I have never been a beleiver, but the things i witnessed that night have definately altered my perception of things. I would also like to bring to your attention that the space shuttle came back to earth unplanned the following day and I think that what I witnessed very well could have had something to do with it....just a theory. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));37.4149;-76.5441
Triangle shaped craft seen.;2011-03-03 12:00:00;25 minutes;Triangle shaped craft seen. The triangle shaped craft hovered in the sky for about 25 minutes.  When moved it was not the way the average jet or airplane flew.  Three orange flashing lights, one light on each side.  The edges of the triangle shaped craft were round, not pointed.  This has been happening for years, happens same time every night.;37.4149;-76.5441
A triangle-shaped object with white lights pulsing bright and then dim, hovered high in the sky for over 30 minutes.;2019-10-23 23:30:00;>30 minutes;A triangle-shaped object with white lights pulsing bright and then dim, hovered high in the sky for over 30 minutes. My son and I were stargazing when we noticed a triangle-shaped object in the sky, with white lights that pulsed bright then dim.  It hovered at what appeared to be quite high in the sky for at least 30 minutes.  It was still there when we decided to go inside--we were not able to get a clear photo with either of our phones.;37.4149;-76.5441
My sister called five minutes ago and told me to go outside and look up to see a triangluar vechicle moving through the sky with red an;2020-12-09 00:00:00;Five minutes;My sister called five minutes ago and told me to go outside and look up to see a triangluar vechicle moving through the sky with red and white flashing lights.  I have never seen anything like that before.  I googled the discription and found nothing to suggest what it is and might be doing.  We do live in an area with a large military presence as well: Cheatam Accex, Northrup Grummon, Naval Weapons Shipyard,,  Navy Base in Norfolk, Langley/ Fort Eustus etc. So  was it a spy plane if not what was it?;37.4149;-76.5441
