Black triangle, no lights, no sounds....;2004-04-08 21:00:00;20 seconds;Black triangle, no lights, no sounds.... Hi, I went out to my car on Thursday night to get my bookbag, so I could do some homework.  It was a pretty clear night, and often if I am outside and the sky is clear, I will look up at the stars for long periods of time. Well, I looked up while I was taking my bookbag out of my car, and I saw that SOMETHING up there was moving because I could see that motion of stars disappearing and reappearing.  It was larger than a normal plane probably because it flew closer to the ground, I would say about helicopter level.  As it flew northeast from southwest, it flew above my head.  I noticed it was going at a medium pace, and that it was triangle shaped, but also had an indentation at it's base, like a boomerang.  I was stunned because I noticed that craft had no lights whatsoever!!! I had thought that all aircraft were required to have lights!!  I tilted my ear up to the air to listen for sound but there was none.  The bottom of the craft (on the bottom corners) seemed to have a faded dark grey circle.  I could tell it was lighter than the black craft, but I can't say it was light because it was so dark! If I hadn't looked up to see the stars move and realize there was an object I would of never known it was there...completely silent and dark.  It never hesistated, it just flew over me in the course I indicated earlier.  As it flew more Northeast, I tried to spot it, but I could not longer see it. This is my very first unidentified aircraft sighting, even though I have been looking for a very long time!!  I was pretty excited, but not scared. But...when I woke up the next day I realized I felt sick.  I developed a cold.  I don't know if the craft had anything to do with it, but I am getting better now.  I went on the internet to see what I could find about crafts.  Believe me, I was SHOCKED to find out many people have had experiences with black triangles and no sounds!! In all my years of UFO interest, I had never really stumbled upon the black triangle phenomena! Thanks for reading my sighting!;43.293;-93.1946
