a Black object not moving.  It was about 1500-2000 feet in altitude, and about the size of a gumball held at arms length.;1998-10-03 14:30:00;20 min;On the specified date, myself and a few of my friends witnessed this flying object, that was not an airplane, helocopter, or balloon. I am a pilot and I have been around flying craft all my life, I did not recognize this object.  It stayed about 1500 feet in the air for about 20 min moving north and south about 10 degrees.  We were facing east over the city of Carbondale when we saw it.  It then disappered into the blue sky.  About an hour later an F-16 fighter flew down from Springfield Il. and buzzed the city of Carbondale 5-7 times.  I have been here for 3 years and have never seen a military fighter jet fly over Carbondale. At approximately 2:30pm CST myself and a friend were sitting on a couch outside of our fraternity house in Carbondale Illinois.  I looked at the sky to see some birds flying around and then behind the birds was a black object not moving.  It was about 1500-2000 feet in altitude, and about the size of a gumball held at arms length.  We both stood up to get a better look and could not figure out what it was.  We were faceing east and it was about 3-6 miles away from us.  The object began to move from north to south and back, in the sky.  The object was also changing shape.  When I say changing shape I mean it looked like a large rubber bag full of water suspended in the air and the bag was changing shape.  I have been around flying aircraft all my life, I am a pilot, and I have never seen anything like this ever.  To prove to my friend and I that we were not crazy, I went inside to get some othrer people to witness this object.  I brought out 5 people.  They all saw it, some skeptical, but they did admit they saw something not normal.  Then another friend of mine drove up, and stated he saw the object from one of the dorms on campus which is about 2.5 miles from where I saw the object.  The object then disappered into the blue sky after about 20 min.  It was a slow disapperence, it was not a quick bolt out of the atmosphere.  After all this took place, about 1-2 hours later an F-16 fighter jet from Springfield Illiionis flew over the city of Carbondale 5-7 times.  There were several rumors of why the jet was flying around down here, but nothing official ever came out.  The odd part of the jet is that for the 4 years I have been in Carbondale, I have never seen a fighter jet fly around this area.  It just so happens that the military jet shows up shortly after this craft was witnessed.;37.7079704081633;-89.208187755102
An unidentified flying object sited over Carbondale Illinois.  The object travelled from North to South in a direct path at a speed tha;1998-11-23 22:30:00;10seconds;An unidentified flying object sited over Carbondale Illinois.  The object travelled from North to South in a direct path at a speed that I could not define, maybe over Mach 3.  The aircraft was out of sight within ten seconds from beginning to end.   It was orange  to orange white in color.  There were three other witnesses.  I witnessed a meteor shower only a few days before, an event created by  mother nature that I never thought could have been topped.  However, the event I witnessed tonight had no trailing particles and traveled as fast as I have ever seen  within our atmosphere.  The event seemed to be man made, not a natural annomoly. At approximetaly 10:30 P.M. on November 23, 1998, myself and three other witnesses saw an unidentified flying object travelling in a direct path from North to South at a very high speed slightly to the West  of us.  We were standing outside behind the house at ((address deleted)) Street in Carbondale, Illinios.  The craft appeared to be glowing orange to orange/white in color, and had two distinct sources of light.  One light possitioned on the West side of the craft,  and the other on the East.  Both balls of light seemed to be connected to each other, but there was no distinct divider or connection between the two.  However, the two sources of light appeared to be illuminating from one distinct aircraft.  The incident from beginning to end lasted about ten seconds.  Also, from my point of view, the object was traveling at a height of between 20,000 and 40,000 feet.  I am a private pilot with almost 200 hours of flight time, and am working on my instrument rating.  I have been to the Oshkosh Air Show and have seen F-14 jets flying, as well as F-18s taking off from Springfield, Illinois, as well as one F-18 flying over Carbondale a short time ago.  However, I have never witnessed any aircraft traveling at the rate of the one seen tonight.   I am convinced by the speed and  peculiar light arrangement that the aircraft witnessed tonight was either military or totally unidentified.  I must also say that while almost directly over head the ball of light on the West side of the Craft changed positions with the ball of light on the east side of the craft.  That is,  two balls of light were connected to each by no divider.  The most miraculous thing that we saw, was the ball of light to the west pass infront of the ball of light to the east and change positions with it at full speed.  In essence, the aircraft spun horizontally 180 degrees while traveling in a straigjht line, as if the craft suddenly spun around backwards, but continued to fly in the original direction of flight  at the same speed.  The craft ! never altered directiion, and flew in the same flight path, but turned around directly above our position on earth as if it could fly forward and backwards with the same flight characteristics.  The lights of the craft were of one color which does not  satisfy Federal Aviation Regulations of having anti-collision lighting systems, stroble lighting systems, or landing light systems as required on normal civillian aircraft.  As a Private Pilot and an experienced person of the flight environment, I feel that what I have witnessed tonight could have either been a Military flight or an Unidentified Flying Object, but under no circumstances was it a civilian flight.  I called Collumbia Flight Service first to see if they had any knowledge of the aircraft that I had just witnessed, and they gave me a negative response.  However, they directed me to the number for the U.F.O. Reporting Center where I left a recorded message.  I also attempted to contact Scott Airforce Base and  Kansas City Flight Center to inquire about the incident.  There was no answer at either of these facilities, but shortly thereafter I came in contact with Peter Davenport, the Director of the National UFO Reporting Center in Seattle, Washington.  He returned my message.  I have three other witnesses who saw the incident and have there own account of the story, but I was the first one to notice the event.  I am fully willing to cooperate to the best of my capabilities regarding this matter, and can be reached at any time at my Carbondale address or telephone  number.   Please contact me for further details or specific information.  This has already been a fulfilling experience, one that I will never forget.  Thank you for your time and understaniding regarding this  matter.  Hopefully, everything we have encountered tonight will only serve to further the human race. Sincerely, ((Name deleted)) Southern Illinois University at Carbondale;37.7079704081633;-89.208187755102
