Brightly Colored Orbs Over Portage County;1994-12-15 21:00:00;30 min +;Brightly Colored Orbs Over Portage County June 21, 2009 Alliance, Ohio  The exact date/dates are sketchy because I wrote nothing down at the time.  However, some days later I did discuss the ‘sightings’ with a coworker who resided in Akron and found that she too had seen a similar array, and was able to describe them as I had seen them. The sightings occurred after dark at approximately 9 p.m. The road I was driving on runs true north/south.  I live in a small city of 22,000, and the mercury vapor streetlights were on.  I was driving north toward my driveway when I noticed lights in the rear view mirror. The first thought was they were police lights – flashing red and blue, that they were at a distance since they were obscured, somewhat blurry, and their were several of them, perhaps seven in a group. By instinct I pulled to the side of the road to avoid the passing (what I thought must be) police cruisers, but there were none. I looked again and the lights were there having not moved. I parked in my driveway and exited the vehicle. Looking due north I observed a flickering group of seven lights in a formation that appeared to be hovering at the horizon what could have been several hundred feet in the air. They moved a bit in an easterly direction but generally were stationary. I heard no sounds of any kind from that direction, and probably the objects were too far away to have been heard. I observed the lights for fifteen minutes, excused it as swamp gas, and drove the car down the driveway and put in into the garage. I did not mention it to anyone, only several days later in conversation with an individual I worked with the topic of some strange lights came up, and she too had seen them. She described them as I had seen them, only she saw them to the north from her home in Akron, Ohio – some thirty miles northeast of Alliance. Multi-colored hovering in a group moving slowly. We ‘thought’ perhaps the lights might have been over Lake Erie, but Alliance is too far south from Lake Erie – sixty miles, the curvature of the Earth too great – yet she observed them north of her location. I thought at the time the lights were swamp gas above the now closed Superfund site at Willowcreek, at the intersection of rt. 224 and rt. 225 in Portage County, Ohio where several large landfills are located. The intersection is about eight miles north of Alliance. Nothing ever was reported in the local newspaper, The Alliance Review, but that is considered not surprising as it would have been considered bad for advertising and well beyond the scope of the newspaper. The lights shimmered, were round but the edges were obscured and fluctuated. They were brightly colored white, red, and blue. A resemblance would be when a very bright light is refracted through heavy crystal or diamond resulting in brief flecks of pure color. The objects did not wisp away and were not dissipated by winds, but did seem to move in a slow easterly direction. They were totally silent. I have never been able to explain what they were, except to say they were U.F.O.’s. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.9165;-81.1173999999999
Glowing triangular cluster flies over house with 3-4 chasing from behind;2013-03-08 21:02:00;5-8 minutes;Glowing triangular cluster flies over house with 3-4 chasing from behind 9:02 pm 3-8-13 pm lights over house coming out of north east about 10 or so in a cluster trangular shaped.  Then 3-4 sporadically after in no formation but coming much faster as if to catch up to the cluster.  Called 911 patched thru to alliance police dept. office Johnson and welch responded with a ride along guy.  Saw it was a clear night saw airplane blinker lights in sky at 9:35 and laughed until I showed them the video.   My wife witnessed it to the entire event.  Definitely not normal.  No wind that night and perfectly clear.;40.9165;-81.1173999999999
