Orange spheres over Malibu and Pt. Dume.;2015-09-02 15:00:00;30 minutes;Orange spheres over Malibu and Pt. Dume. We saw 6 orange round images hovering over the bay high in the sky they left 3 more appreared out of the west and left 3 more appeaded and left wer have pictures and video, but they are do not represent in good detail what we saw. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he described the sighting quite eloquently.  Also, he seemed to us to be quite sober-minded.  PD));34.0389158536585;-118.73792804878
Malibu, Point Dume/Zuma Beach Large Craft Spotted, Creamy Peach Colored Lights, Silent, Hovering Over Coastline;2020-07-28 03:30:00;5 minutes;Malibu, Point Dume/Zuma Beach Large Craft Spotted, Creamy Peach Colored Lights, Silent, Hovering Over Coastline My friends and I decided to take a late night beach trip, and we arrived at the farthest, northern end of Zuma Beach right around 1:37AM on July 28th, 2020.  The tide was extremely far out, so we walked very far out and were enjoying the sand, the waves, and stars. Around 3:00 or 3:30AM, my boyfriend noticed a craft with lights come from behind him, heading west from the east, and then hovered infront of us, along the shoreline, above the ocean. He asked me what those lights were, and I noticed some lights, but waved it off as being a plane headed to LAX. He insisted that I look harder, because he believed the craft to be much closer than a plane would be, and he insisted that it was lingering infront of us. I squinted and really focused on the lights that I was seeing, and was shocked to realize that there was in fact something floating above the water's edge, above us, and it was much too close to be an airplane, and much too large to be some kind of drone. I could see two round, peach colored lights, almost a creamy light-red color, sitting right next to each other, and then somewhere close behind them, there was a white light that was flashing very, very slowly. It was hard to see a complete definition of the craft, but I could see that the oval outline of it, and area surrounding the lights, was a darker shade than the night sky around it. My boyfriend said that it was a helicopter, and I was skeptical, but as I focused in on the craft, it seemed to be hovering above the coast line as the police helicopters do during the day. We slowly came to the startling conclusion that it was a police helicopter, and began backing up, meanwhile never taking our eyes off of the craft. I ! was about to call for my two friends, who were slightly infront of us, slightly west, and then I suddenly realized that there was no sound. There was no sound of helicopter blades. I said that to my boyfriend, immediately as I thought it, and shock hit him, his mouth dropped, and he looked scared. We realized that one of our friends infront of us, was looking at the craft, and pointing. I called to her and asked if she saw it too. She said she did but had no idea what it was, and was trying to figure out if her eyes were playing tricks on her. She couldn't understand why the lights looked like they were so close. She asked me if I thought it was a satellite, and I pointed out that it was hovering right above us, and slightly infront of us, and she said, oh, is it a helicopter? and I repeated to her, that there was no sound. She had the same reaction as my boyfriend, that realization that there was no sound, made her mouth drop, and she looked shocked and scared. Our other friend, who was standing with the girl I was speaking with, was focusing on us talking, and then once she realized what was going on, she started wildly looking around, in the wrong direction, but me, my boyfriend, and my friend who saw the lights, looked right back at it. It seemed to be! slowly heading south, along the coast line, and at this point, the lights made it look like it was some sort of a triangular shape. I looked away, and made eye contact with my boyfriend, and when we looked back, the lights were completely gone. This was a very clear night, and there was not any fog or cloud covering. The lights just vanished, and they had previously been right there, slowly heading south. Two bright, creamy light-red lights, and a blinking white light just vanished into the clear sky. None of it made sense. The fourth girl that was down in the water with us, did not see the lights of the craft. We then realized that this girl's sister, the fifth member of our party, was still alone, higher up on the beach, where the sand was dry, and as we walked over to her, she was walking towards us. She immediately asked us if we saw the lights too. A chill went down my spine. She said that it came from behind us, from the east, just like what my boyfriend saw, and she said that it was a triangular shape, and when it flew above us, it had green lights lining the sides of the dark, triangular shaped craft. Once it was ahead of us, above the water, there were fewer lights, and the colors changed. She watched as it hovered above us, and came down slightly, and then slowly left, before disappearing. My boyfriend agreed that the craft looked like it was about to land. I saw it hovering infront of us, slowly going south, and then hovering north slightly, before going south very slowly again, hove! ring in place, and then leaving south, before disappearing. The girl who was down in the ocean with my boyfriend and I, she agreed that it looked triangular in shape, but that it looked oval at first to her too. We did not have our phones out when this occurred, but I did draw a picture of exactly what I saw immediately when I returned home. I will send it in an email. I began looking into what I saw, and I quickly realized that UFO spotting in Malibu, and the surrounding area, is extremely common. For this reason, I felt it was important to share my story. This was my first encounter with anything like this. Let me know if you have questions, but I feel as though I have been extremely detailed here.;34.0389158536585;-118.73792804878
