((HOAX??))  Huge, aircraft carrier -sized, and -shaped, ufo off-shore in Malibu, with brilliant and beautiful star colored lights.;2015-01-29 05:45:00;15 minutes;Huge, aircraft carrier -sized, and -shaped, ufo off-shore in Malibu, with brilliant and beautiful star colored lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see below NUFORC comment about this alleged event.  PD)) Huge, air craft carrier sized and shaped ufo off-shore in Malibu, with brilliant and beautiful star colored lights, as well as red & blue ones on a mast shaped sub-structure, with white gold rotating ones around its circumference, in California on January 29th, 2015, from approximately 5:45-6 a.m. Approximately 200 yards to half mile off Shore in Malibu, California... This object moved through water in such a way that if it were a naval vessel or ocean going craft it would have been moving along its port or starboard beam instead of bow wise through the water. Its gold/white circular lights, which seemed to surround its entire super structure - which seemed to be semi opaque or transparent in nature - seemed to be rotating like a circus's merry go round, while other lights, including a bright red one, a super bright white one, and some extremely brilliant star greenish blue ones as well as a deep dark blue one, appeared to be strung upon 1) a type of mast at the rear right side, and 2) perhaps strung in some kind of lines from that mast like a lighted sailing ships ropes and or lines of Xmas tree lights --3) as well as being/or simply interspersed throughout the entire semi opaque bodies mass of the super structure with the spinning merry go round white gold lights   This object was so large and must have displaced roughly the same amount of water as a mini nuclear powered aircraft carrier - yet when my fiancé left our apartment on the beach on Malibu Road (right beneath PCH and Pepperdine University, by Malibu Canyon/Las Virgenes Road) to go for a ten minute drive, it was nowhere in sight off shore.  Yet when she returned approx. ten minutes later, there it was, looming right off the beach.  It just sat there in the water while we exclaimed and wonder aloud about it and went to fetch binoculars and a telescope and our iPhones to attempt to capture stills and video of it but it was too far and dark to enable a capture-yet it remained there while we scrutinized it for five or so minutes till she said, I'm going inside- it's too close.    Then, as if responding to her fear it moved off so as not to trouble her to the north east somewhat laterally-port side first rather then bow or stem to stern... When we checked back in another five or so minutes, it was nowhere to be seen, yet a rather blurry and opaque fog had indeed moved in approx. where it was doing whatever it was engaged upon, before our scrutiny and my girl's sudden apprehension- and it's my pet conjecture and theory that it simply cloaked itself to be able to resume its tasks unobserved and uninterrupted, as the sun came up around six am and the entire sighting lasted only about fifteen minutes, or from 5:45 till when we checked back at six after sunrise, and it had disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  We have corrected the date above, to reflect a sighting on January 29, 2015.  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and we expressed our skepticism about the veracity of the report, but he replied that it is 100% true.  We asked whether he had contacted the press, or law enforcement, and he said he had not, adding that he didn't think it would make a difference.  I guess NUFORC would be more comfortable with the alleged incident if reports from other witnesses, who must have seen the event, would submit detailed reports.  PD));34.0389158536585;-118.73792804878
