bright, large, white sphere, with flaming orange contrails over Pacific Coast Highway;2002-09-19 19:45:00;30 minutes;bright, large, white sphere, with flaming orange contrails over Pacific Coast Highway I am submitting this for a friend who is repeating the following to me during a phone conversation, but who has no web access right now. Walking at top of Topanga Canyon overlooking Pacific Ocean.  In sky over ocean a huge, spherical, object pushed through the clouds.  It appeared about 100 times larger than a blimp and was primarily bright white.  It emerged from the north, sat high above the horizon, then moved south.  It had a stream of orange flame, as if from a engine.  It also had contrails in all directions as if exploding, almost.  This went on for about 10 minutes, then the white area became triangular and the contrails formed a Z, and then slowly formed other shapes as white shape faded to greenish blue.  All the dogs in the area were howling (except mine, which isn't saying anything as he's slightly retarded). At first I thought this was the moon, but the moon was already appearing in the southern sky.  Then I thought it was a refraction of setting sunlight reflecting off the ocean and through the clouds, but it appeared extremely three dimensional and extremely bright.  If it was refraction, I've never anything quite like it. I've never reported UFO sightings before.  I have never seen one and was frightened and alarmed and turned on the tv to see if we were in trouble.  I am a professional journalist, respectably published, sober, and generally a skeptic.  Would like to find out if anyone else saw this thing. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch from Vandenberg AFB.  Please see article.  PD)) ((BEGIN ASSOCIATED PRESS ARTICLE ABOUT LAUNCH)) Air Force Test Missile Out West Fri Sep 20, 1:25 AM ET VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AP) - An Air Force missile test Thursday provided a spectacular light show seen over California and much of the West, as far away as Utah and New Mexico. The colorful contrail was seen soon after the unarmed Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile blasted off at 7:36 p.m. from an underground silo at the Vandenberg military base north of Santa Barbara. The smoke went up in spirals as the sun was setting and turned into an orange, amber color. It was like a flower going into bloom pretty quickly, said Simon Cox, who saw it from a restaurant terrace in Santa Barbara. The missile traveled about 4,200 miles in about 30 minutes, striking a predetermined target at the Kwajalein Missile Range in the western chain of the Marshall Islands, the Air Force said. Vandenberg spokeswoman Kelly Gabel said clear conditions were responsible for the spectacular light show. We do this two or three times a year, but because the weather was so perfect we decided to launch it early, Gabel said. As a result, people were still awake to see it, and although the sun had set, sunlight below the horizon glinted off unspent fuel particles and water droplets. Suddenly we're getting calls from people as far away as New Mexico who saw it and want to know what it is, Gabel said. The mission was directed by the 576th Flight Test Squadron at Vandenberg and the 341th Space Wing and the 341st Space Wing, from Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana. The purpose was to test launch systems and the missile's accuracy and reliability. ((END ARTICLE BY ASSOCIATED PRESS));34.0389158536585;-118.73792804878
damaged ufo crash lands into the bay of LA and explodes 2 days later, chasing extinct sea life to the surface.;2012-11-12 14:00:00;30 seconds;damaged ufo crash lands into the bay of LA and explodes 2 days later, chasing extinct sea life to the surface. In broad daylight, afternoon 2-4pm, the sphere was overhead, moving SW to East at airplane speed, but low, a couple hundred yards overhead.  The sphere was many times larger than a passenger jet and had a large hole in it, of which I couldn't tell if something hit it, or if it exploded from within, although I could see halls and floors within the hole.  It went from being visible to being invisible, and was surrounded by a tube shaped (self emitted atmosphere?) I could see the atmosphere at times, and there was what looked like lightening within it, as if the ship were damaged,(maybe someone shot it,) so it appeared to be shorting out. I imagine that is why it would cloak, then be uncloaked.  I was on Point Dume, raking up lemons, and watched it move across the bay of LA at I would estimate at the elevation of 500 feet. It quickly, (faster than aircraft but nothing supersonic or anything,) got to between the southern tip of LA's bay and the island of Catalina, and doinked into the ocean.  Two days later it exploded and part of it blew up into the atmosphere, and dozens of people got it on phone cameras. It was on the cover of the LA Times and is covered in many ufo documentaries.  I have seen the explosion on TV, but I seem to be the only person to have seen it enter the water.  A couple weeks later, a neighbor and I saw a blue sphere enter the ocean south of Point Dume.  Since this time, many odd, extinct sea animals have left the depths, and landed on the shores of Orange County.;34.0389158536585;-118.73792804878
