my friend and i witnessed a reddish-orange sphere in the sky.  it disappeared and a few minutes later the light went over with helicopt;1988-08-20 00:00:00;30 mins;my friend and i witnessed a reddish-orange sphere in the sky.  it disappeared and a few minutes later the light went over with helicopters following closely behind. the date is approximate, and i would have to confirm it with my friend.  I can remember quite a bit about what happened that night. It was a hot August night here in South Texas. That night, the sky was overcast, not a star or moon to be seen.  My friends and I were out in our backyard with a campfire (i was young at the time).  One of my friends and myself went to grab some more wood for the fire, so we walked about 50 yards or so to a road that runs behind our property.  as we turned toward the west, we noticed a large, spherical shaped object in the distance.  it looked as if it were the sun, very large and reddish-orange in color.  we sat and watched it for about 5-10 minutes then it vanished.  we didn't think much of it, until about 20-30 minutes later.  Out of the south we saw, some type of lights above the clouds.  it was reddish, moving at a fair rate of speed.  it continued moving north a few miles and seemed to stop about 2 miles from our property were a oil field had been carved out of the woods..  a few moments later,  we heard the loud thumping of helicopters, and soon after the sounds we saw them (they sounded much like hueys, loud dull rotor sounds).  we counted about five helicopters moving just over the tree tops, they went directly over us.  again, they were heading north in the same path as the light we saw.  over the tree tops we could see a few of them circling the oil field and we thought that they may have landed out there.  so my buddy and i proceed down a pipeline right-of-way that went directly to the oil field.  i guess we were about half way there when something caught my eye, i stopped walking.  my friend, slightly behind me, asked why i had stopped, and about that time, i told him to look down at his chest.   on his chest was what seemed to be a laser sight dot for a gun or something.  the same was on my chest.  we ran back the entire way to my house.  running into the house screaming,  my mom asked what had happened and we told her.   to this day i can remember the event ver! y vividly and my mom still remembers seeing us run into the house that night, looking like we had seen a ghost or something.;30.2346;-95.1975
