Very near Idaho/Nevada border, I picked up a strange radio station and spotted at least one UFO - I didn't believe until last night.;2019-06-25 23:47:00;17 minutes;Very near Idaho/Nevada border, I picked up a strange radio station and spotted at least one UFO - I didn't believe until last night. At approximately 23:47 on U.S. Hwy 93, 3 miles south of Hollister, ID the station I was listening to “Boise State Public Radio” on 91.7 when the usual news/classical format changed.  It began playing very strange atmospheric, almost psychedelic music, with what sounded like whales in the sounds as well.  The noises in the music all put together sounded like something I had never heard before, it is almost impossible to describe the sense it created.  I continued for several miles, still tuned in for curiosities’ sake.  At this point I was only a few miles south of Rogerson (8 miles from where I originally began hearing the strange music)  My dog that I travel with began barking very loudly, which he never does on car rides.  I very briefly looked back to calm him down when suddenly the music got much louder and when I shot my view back forward there was a very bright purple/blue light just above the road, I swear it grew brighter and brighter with every passing moment.  It almost appeared like an air traffic light burning very bright in the middle of the highway.  I braked almost immediately and pulled to the side of the road, terrified as my dog continued to bark, yelp, and howl.  As I reached in my glove box for my pistol, the music went down to its usual volume and as I hopped out the large light was gone.  I could almost see nothing since the light took away my adjusted night vision.  I took out a cigarette to calm my nerves as my eyes readjusted, continued listening to the strange music still playing through my Oldsmobile and realized my perception of time during this whole incident was very skewed, a 15 minutes had felt like hours.  Just then I noticed five lights, getting brighter and brighter just as the first had, they were staggered almost like a Z with an extra line going straight up and slightly to the north from the south as I was facing it.  They stayed bright for several moments before one by one faded into the atmosp! here.  At some point during my dumbfounded staring at the sky m! y radio had gone to static.  After looking it up, I had been out of range of the radio signal since Hollister. I did not believe in UFOs or Extra Terrestrials until last night, if you had told me they were anything other than folk stories, I would have laughed at you. I have never been more wrong, or terrified of my mistake, in all my years.;42.2215;-114.5992
