I went for a drive into town. Three minutes from my house, above the Fish creek river, I noticed fuzzy white balls of light whirring ar;1993-08-12 22:00:00;35 min;I went for a drive into town. Three minutes from my house, above the Fish creek river, I noticed fuzzy white balls of light whirring around in a circle. Although they did not make a sound. Because of some low lying clouds the balls of light would illuminate the clouds as they passed through them. There location was up off my left shoulder. After five or so minutes I decide to drive on Route 32.  As I drove they moved along with me always above to my left and a little bit in front of me. The road was a winding road. All the while the lights stayed with me, moving with me and at the same time - they continued to circle in a clockwise direction. It became a kind of game as I wanted to see how fast they could go. I drove as fast as I could on this winding road the fastest being around 78 miles per hour. They stayed right with the car. After eight or so minutes of driving I decided to stop again, The lights also stopped, continuing to circle. Five minutes later I proceeded down the road until I saw a person getting out of his car in his driveway. I pulled in and asked the man if he could see the lights.  He brushed me off and said there are sometimes airplane lights in the sky, but he did not see what I was seeing. He was irritated that I was intruding upon his space, and so I left, turning back in the direction I had come from. The lights hovered this time in above a large corn field. I stopped again to simply observe. I decided to wait and see what would happen. All of a sudden, three of the seven lights vanished.  I did not notice them leave. Then something very interesting happened.  The remaining four lights went into formation. Four lights circling into the center. The shape was that of a four leaf clover or mandalla. They circled in unison so that at the same time they were all at the most outer edge of their circle and then they all circled back into the middle. this went on for 4 or 5 minutes. They then went into a third formation. Each light moved to form a perfect diamond. The lights did not move. For a minute they remained this way and then all lights moved to the center of the diamond - creating one glowing ball of light. And then, as though someone would turn off a light switch, they vanished. I drove home to tell my partner. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));43.0911;-73.6039
