This is about as strange and bizzarre as it can get;2009-12-12 19:00:00;30 minutes;This is about as strange and bizzarre as it can get On Dec 12, 2009 around 7pm on my way home, I was on Highway 280 near Daly City Calif, I noticed on the upper right side of my wihdshield 3 triangular lites hovering in and out of the clouds. As i passed the object out of my site, i took the next available exit to backtrack and investigate. I turned off into this vacant parking lot, parked and got out of my car. There at cloud level, above and out in front of me a ways, was this hovering object, silent, with 3 white lights. I looked through my binoculars and could hardly see what the object was. It was a very very dark object, I grabbed my digital camera and took a couple of pictures. After about 20 mintutes of dealing with object, i got in my car asnd proceeded home, which was about 30 miles away. When i got home and parked on the street in front of my home, I opened my car, only to look up and see this triangular object in the sky about cloud level near my home. This gets more bizzarre, during the Monday Ni! ght Football game on the 14th of Dec, between the 49ers and Cardinals, i decided gto go to the 7/11 store down the street from me. Before i made a right turn down the street, i noticed a vehicle in the sky, at a distance in front of me, it had a white light and a red strobbing light, as i made the right turn, i noticed the object began to move in the direction i was moving. As I sped up, so would the object, when i slowed down, so would the object. The street I was on comes to a T, where you have to make a right or make a left, I made a illegal U turn to see what the object would do, and to my amazement, the object was again going the same direction i was going, I hurried home and didnt even go to the 7/11 store because i was totally frightened. Since then every night when i go out , after about 15-20 minutes, these objects appear at a distance and track my every move, go in the same direction that i go. So to keep my sanity,  I asked my sister in law and nephew to take a r! ide with me and witness what i have been witnessing, and sure ! enough, they did see what i been seeing for the past week, they are one hundred percent sure as i am that i'm being tracked. Why? I have no clue, how long will it continue? I have no clue. But i do know it's happening, i have witnesses. Its as strange and bizarre as it could be.;37.6837833333333;-122.465841666667
