Multi-colored lights off Highway 50.;2014-06-02 23:37:00;10 minutes;Multi-colored lights off Highway 50. I was driving down from Lake Tahoe coming down the hill on highway 50 when off to my right I saw a orange light hovering above the tree line.   So I exited off the right on a exit that leads to a golf course an I parked an my girlfriend an I got out to see what it was.  To me it looked like the top of the tree was on fire but it was just glowing above the tree line.   My first reaction was to get my phone out an film but when I clicked on the video to record my phone would not record an then all off the sudden my phone went to 95% battery life to 1% in just seconds and then it died. So while we were watching it, it shot a light down onto the ground in between the trees an when the light hit the ground it made like a round base circle of light on the ground that was multiple of colors (white, red, blue, orange and green).  It was very weird.   So my girlfriend got really scared because we had our 2 year old son in the back.  He was starring at the lights an pointing.  So she wanted to leave so we got in our car an it wouldn't start as if the battery on our car went out.   It wasn't even turning over so I tried to turn my phone on to call my brother in law to give me a jump but it was dead so we tried her phone an that was dead too.   As we were in the car the light or beam slowly went back up into the craft right as it was gone the light on the craft dimmed out an I could see the figure of it.  It was a round disc that was that seemed to have 3 layers of it that were rotating right to left and left to right.  My girlfriend was so scared that she grabbed my pistol, so I grabbed it an popped a shot off not towards the craft but on the ground an it's lights turned back on an right before it took off it was really weird because when I saw it there were no windows at all none.  Then after I popped a warning shot I saw 5 windows an I could see the out line of multiple figures and then it just shot up into the sky heading towards Lake Tahoe towards heavenly ski resort.  I have seen lights in the sky all the time but this was just very disturbing I don't get scared of anything an this had me a little frighten I guess that's why I popped a shot off.   After the craft left out car started and we left back home with my girlfriend really scared.  I just got my phone charged that's why I'm filling out the report so late. Please if anyone who was coming down the hill that night saw it too please report it or if you know what it was please post what it is on the nuforc website.  I know there was 2 cars pulled over when I was leaving so please report it.  Is this a new military aircraft?  I would really like a answer please so I can put myself an my girlfriend's mind at ease. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he assures us that the report is sincere and accurate.  We have requested that his girlfriend submit a report, as well.  PD));39.1913829875523;-119.753388520057
