Flickering white lights flying in formation?;2012-12-07 18:23:00;a few minutes?;Flickering white lights flying in formation? Three star-like blinking flying objects were seen flying near our home.  They appeared to look like stars in a triangle formation, but then we noticed they were all moving.  The center object appeared to totally stop moving, while the two outside objects continued to fly forward.  While watching them, we noticed a forth object flying behind. They appeared to be up too high to be a helicopter and no engine noises were heard. At about 17:05 my husband and I noticed an additional flying object.  The lights looked white and were flickering.  No red lights that are usually seen on planes were seen.  The objects appeared to be flying west to east.;39.1913829875523;-119.753388520057
3 lighted object performing loops and shooting up and down over lake at night;2014-10-16 18:50:00;15 minutes;3 lighted object performing loops and shooting up and down over lake at night Person observing:  a Ph.D. in psychology not a believer in alien visitations.   While driving north toward Reno, I observed a bright light flying south over Washoe Lake.  I assumed it was a plane taking off from the Reno airport.  It made a couple maneuvers that were not possible for even a small plane.  It suddenly dropped low and then shot up at a steep angle.  It had 3 white lights that changed to 3 red lights, no flashing lights.  The object then did a loop.  It was too low for any craft I know of, even single person craft to make a loop, so I tried to pull over.  There was a lot of traffic on the road so by the time I pulled over there were trees or bushes between me and the craft.  I also observed at least 3 other cars pulled over on the right side of the road.  It was difficult to see because of the trees but i could still see the lights as it flew up and down at the south end of the lake.  I drove up to the first off ramp and turned around.  As I was! heading south, it flew by heading north and I did not see it again.  There were still 2 cars pulled off after I continued back north on my way.  I did not hear engine noise, but there was also background noise from the traffic.  I would have noticed the distinct sound of a helicopter and I think there were lulls in traffic that I could have picked up the sound of a small plane engine.  Planes from the airport were clearly visible and completely different from the craft lights I could see which were much brighter, lights were white and had no flashing lights at all.  Planes from airport were much higher, lights looked yellower and had blinking lights and flew in a straight line.  I was a skydiver and have had a lot of experience with small planes.  I have no explanation for what I observed.  It appeared too large to be a drone or any remote controlled craft I've seen.;39.1913829875523;-119.753388520057
I was training horses (4) when they all stopped to look in to the south east sky @about 50 degrees, then a loud blast ( like a air-brak;2016-01-15 14:00:00;45 seconds;I was training horses (4), when they all stopped to look in to the southeast sky, @about 50 degrees, then a loud blast (like a air-brakes or trumpet) happened.  Followed by another.  Not one thing in the sky.   Within the hour was driving up home (Hwy 50) to Lake Tahoe and noticed a corona around the sun.  Stopped and took three Photos (which have been sent to your director), unknown to me till 1-17-16 @12:00pm when reviewing said photos my wife seen a light.   We blew them up only to see an orb with lights in 2 of the 3 shots.;39.1913829875523;-119.753388520057
An object too low to be a satellite, too fast and quiet to be an airplane, with a red light.;2019-04-12 23:45:00;4 seconds;An object too low to be a satellite, too fast and quiet to be an airplane, with a red light. I live with my mother, and she was preparing a birthday cake Friday night for my niece, who had a birthday party on Saturday.  We bagged up some kitchen garbage and I hauled it out to the dumpster behind our apartment late that night (approx. 11:45pm -- we're night owls). I happened to look up as an object flew in to my view from the west.  It crossed the sky in about four seconds, moving at incredible speed, faster than any airplane or jet I'd ever seen. It was close enough that I could vaguely make out the shape of something, but it was too dark and moving too quickly to make out definitive detail.  The only real piece of identification I could see was a single red light on the bottom of the object--it did not pulse, it did not blink, it was just a solid red light. It was too close to be a satellite, as it definitely had some kind of silhouette (but, again, too dark to tell what).  And it definitely was not a jet, drone or airplane, given this object did not make any sound.  It could have been some kind of glider, but it seemed to be moving way too fast for that to be a possibility. It traveled from the west (in the direction of Lake Tahoe), to the east (veering north-ish). About ten minutes later (11:58pm-ish), after I made my way back up to the apartment and told my Mom what I had seen, I had begun making a late night meal of a tuna sandwich.  As I began assembling the sandwich, the apartment was buzzed by a very low flying jet flying moving very quickly.  I did not see the jet, and I do not know which direction it was traveling, I just heard it roar over the top of the apartment.  It sounded like a rumbling gust of wind at first, but I heard it trail off in to the distance.  It probably rattled the windows it was flying so low and so fast. My 72 year old mother was in the bathroom at that time, on top of being hard of hearing, and did not hear this jet over the sound of the ventilation fan in the bathroom. A few minutes after that (12:02am-ish), another jet (or possibly the same jet) could be heard in the distance, though it did not approach the apartment anywhere near as closely.  My mother was present and did hear this. About an hour or two later, we had to run to the store to buy shredded coconut for the cake (as my Mom had forgotten to buy some earlier that day).  It was designated that I had to run in to the local Wal-mart to buy the coconut, as my Mom's hair was in curlers and she was too embarrassed to enter the store herself.  As I left the apartment parking lot, over the hills to the west again, I could have sworn I saw a dot of light shoot in to the sky at very high speed, like a meteor going straight up, but I am not sure if that was my eyes just laying tricks on me due to the excitement of seeing the other object earlier in the night.  It was very faint against the night sky. After going to sleep later that night (4-5am), I slept in to around noon the next day, and was awoken by a very similar jet flying over the apartment again, low enough that I physically felt my bed vibrate as it passed. I've maybe had five alcoholic drinks total in my 35 years on this earth, and three of those were at weddings I attended in 2015.  I haven't tasted alcohol at all in nearly two years.  I have never, ever done recreational drugs. This is the first time I've ever seen anything like this.  When I saw the objects in the sky, I was of sound mind and body, fully aware of my surroundings, and wide awake.;39.1913829875523;-119.753388520057
