Cooper City saucers.;2014-03-31 12:47:00;7;Cooper City saucers I exited out of my kitchen door, to observe some bees that seemed to take up residence in my storage bench.  I drew my attention to the swing set, because that's where they nested last time. As I looked up, there they were.  Shiny and silver-ish.  There seem to  be three at  first.  They moved in sequential order.  Like a school for fish, going around in circles, followed by in a wave formation?  Then they were gone in a second, a forth showed up out of thin air, then left just as fast. F.Y.I- there is heavy air traffic in this area as airplanes always come and go. I lived in this house for 12 yrs and never have I seen anything like that flying around.;26.062;-80.3368
An authentic picture of a disc shaped object with lights around the entire outer rim, with metallic dome above and a prong beneath.;2017-07-01 22:00:00;1 second;An authentic picture of a disc shaped object with lights around the entire outer rim, with metallic dome above and a prong beneath. I was taking a picture of the moon with my iPhone 7 plus, while sitting in my backyard.  At the same moment I pressed the button to snap a pic of the moon, I witnessed a light that zipped across the sky at ridiculous speeds into the area of my camera view.  It seemed as though the object zipped into view of the picture just in time to be seen in the photo.    When I take pics of moving objects, they always come out blurry.  With this object, it's just not the same case.  This capture is purely accidental on my part.  I did not see anything sitting there for enough time to snap a shot of it.  The only evidence I have is the sight of a light moving faster than known flying speeds into my view of the camera and the authentic photo which is original and unaltered. There was no noise from the object and it disappeared as fast as it appeared once picture was taken.  This is the absolute first sighting I have ever had.  I'm looking forward to someone enhancing the background to show a definitive shape or structure that is difficult to see in its entirety.;26.062;-80.3368
