Witnessed bright orange fireball with trail descend then hover, move, then hover again over Hellertown, PA.;2013-09-06 23:30:00;15 minutes;Witnessed bright orange fireball with trail descend then hover, move, then hover again over Hellertown, PA. I was driving along Rt. 412 South in Hellertown, PA around 11:30 pm going to the local GIANT grocery store, when I noticed a bright light in the sky.  The object appeared at first, to resemble a meteorite.  However, I as I continued to watch, the orange spherical object left a trail of what looked like orange “sparks” from it.  The trail became brighter and brighter as the object descended from high in the night sky.  I thought if it was a meteorite, it would eventually burn up and the brightness would decrease.  However, the object stopped and hovered stationary for a minute or two and then proceeded from West to Southeast in a straight, horizontal line.  The object then again hovered for 2-3 minutes over a wooded area over Bucks County, and proceeded south beyond my view.  The object was glowing orange and did not have the typical red and green aircraft marker lights.  Other small commercial aircraft were in the area.;40.5777;-75.3251
Objects with a fireball appearance, Hellertown PA;2020-07-15 21:00:00;20 minutes;Objects with a fireball appearance, Hellertown PA I was walking my dog behind my townhouse when I noticed a red fireball moving toward me in the sky. It reminded me of the embers that rise from a bonfire or the light ball that represents a fairy in movies. It moved very fast and then seemed to hover for a few moments before veering off to my left in the direction of Allentown and then just disappeared. I stood there for a few moments thinking WTF did I just see then continued to allow my dog to sniff around but stayed pretty much in the same spot.  I looked up again a few minutes later and saw the exact same thing, coming from the same direction and behaving in exactly the same way. I heard my neighbor come out of their place and i called him over. He watched the second one with me. It did the exact same peel off toward Allentown and then after a distance just disappeared. My dog did not respond to either sighting. We saw planes on their normal flight path from ABE airport in Allentown but they ! all looked normal and did not appear to be anywhere near whatever it was we saw.;40.5777;-75.3251
