HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Barbell, two bright flashing lights with a very long and slender.;2004-04-30 22:10:00;approx: 7 minutes;Barbell, two bright flashing lights with a very long and slender. Shape of objects: Barbell, two bright flashing lights with a very long and slender middle horizontally.  Full Description of event/sighting: I saw an object as we were heading up Fraser Mountain in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia. Me and my one passenger on my left side were almost to the peak of the road when I noticed a large shining light to my left. I asked my passenger what the heck is that thing?. They responded with I don't know?.  We pulled over and viewed the object with two very bright lights, whiteish blue, flashing on an offset pattern horizontally from one another with no visible shape in the middle and flying very quickly and at a very low altitude coming towards us. It was at about 10:10 p.m. EST and was very clear and dark night with a few stars out.  We turned around in a drive way and started to ascend down the mountain. I pulled over and looked back and the object was a minimum of 300 meters off the ground at the peak of the mountain hovering with both lights now staying on at the same time very brightly. We then drove away quickly to the bottom of the hill and turned right. This was 5 minutes into the viewing. I asked where is it? but it was nowhere in sight. Twenty seconds later as we were driving towards Melmerby Beach Road I saw the object again, both lights flashing offset again coming towards us at a very low altitude and quite rapidly. I have no idea how the object got from the top of the mountain to in front of us in that short amount of time and with such grace. I periodically asked my passenger  are you seeing this?, do you believe this?.  We turned into a road on the left to park to again view the object coming towards us it was getting larger and larger, the closer it came. Both lights were now flashing at the same time and both were still bluish white. This was viewed in a heavily populated residential area but no other vehicles or people were visible to us. It was about 1000 meters away now and I turned left to go down the Melmerby Road back towards Fraser Mountain. I looked back, the two lights now vertical from one another (one on top of the other with a space in between of darkness) as it the object went straight up in the air. The radio began to crackle at this time. This was about 8 minutes into the viewing. We took a right and were in downtown New Glasgow and then took another right and were on the road heading towards the power station in Trenton. This is about 10 minutes after we first saw the object, we both looked to our right in the sky and the object was now visible in the sky at a quite low altitude. Once again the blueish white lights were flashing offset they were horizontal from one another again with the shape in the middle not visible. As we drove down this road both me and the passenger rolled down our windows and there was no noise whatsoever. The object slowed to a halt, it flipped vertically so the lights were now one on top of one another and for the first time we saw a very smooth, grayscale shape in the middle not very wide at all, like a dumbbell. The object the fly away very quickly and that was the last we saw of it. The viewing ended at about 10:23 PM EST.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com Redirect: http://www.brianvike.com Redirect: http://www.hbccuforesearch.com;45.5735;-62.6533
