Two orange illuminated objects, total silence from them which made 3 passes in front of my house about 10 min of activity.;2012-10-06 21:05:00;5 minutes;Two orange illuminated objects, total silence from them which made 3 passes in front of my house about 10 min of activity. Around 9:05 pm I was sitting in my room watching a movie when I noticed 2 orange lights coming from the direction of Norfolk and jumped up to look out the window. There were 2 orange lights flying in the sky, they looked like a soft serve ice cream at first and then went to a roundish shape. They glided thru the sky right in front of my house. They would fly together very close and then separate. One was flying up and down and the other followed the flight pattern. They proceed past the house then were gone. Approximately a minute went by and they came back from the same location, almost like they circled but they disappeared so I didn't see them circle. And again they acted as if they were playing tag if you will with each other. Then like the first time the disappeared. Then the next time it was more like 3 minutes had passed and only one appeared again from the same direction. It was moving slower then the first two passes and hovered right in front of th! e house for what seemed a while but actually was no more then a minute, then shot off straight up and was gone. The orange was luminating, like a fire crystal, which would take a hue or red but stayed this orange color. I grabbed my phone and took 3 pictures, 2 pictures are of each craft and one picture is of both of them. The pictures aren't detailed because of the phone but you can make out they aren't aircraft. There was also no noise, nothing, no humming, no motor. The other person that was here with me is my children's step father who was working out in the other room when I called him in to watch them with me.i am 45 yrs old and he is 36. We are average people that have 4 kids together and feel what we saw was UFO's.;41.8139000000001;-73.1123
