It was a bright light that took off at a fast speed.;2000-07-09 08:30:00;20-30minutes;It was a bright light that took off at a fast speed. I was watching tv and i looked out the window and saw an object in the sky and I thought that it was just a star or a planet.  Then as I looked at it again i noticed it starting to go up in the sky twords the right. So I told my brother to come see the object in the sky while it was starting to go up higher than it was before.  So we went outside to watch it and it started to fly around for a while,then went back to it's starting point. Then it started to start moving again then some aircrafts that looked like airplanes start to chase it. than it took off at an amasing speed and appered to dissaper.;41.8139000000001;-73.1123
Strange Light Returns;2004-09-12 20:00:00;3-4 Minutes;Strange Light Returns I feel a little foolish making this report, as I just submitted a report for 9/7/04. All I can say is that I am not a person who makes things up. I think I am a very careful observer and I can only tell you what I saw.  On Sunday, Sept. 12 I went out on my porch to look at the sky. It was about 8:00 P.M.. My 2nd floor apartment faces Southeast. I looked to my right (Southwest) and saw a bright, large, white light approaching at low altitude. This looked very similar to the object I reported on the 7th. Only this time the object appeared much lower in the sky. I have no way of knowing for sure, but I would estimate the object was only 1000 feet up or so. This time I did not hesitate. I ran inside and grabbed my pair of 7 X 35 binoculors. As I came back out the object was just beginning to pass over my head. It was moving in a straight Southwest to Northwest direction. I estimate the speed at somewhere between 100-150 MPH. Looking at the object did not change much. It still appeared to be a solid ball of white light. I tried to stabilize the binoculars on one of the porch columns to get a steady view. At one time I thought I might have seen a small dark (almost black) triangle leading this light, but I am not completely sure of this. It made absolutely no sound whatsover. It passed by me and continued it's steady course. As it got to the Northeast it took on a reddish hue. I thought this might be from haze. It then dimmed and seemed to blink out. I couldn't help but think it was turning off it's lights as it would be approaching Bradley Airport just north of Hartford. I looked carefully, at no time were there any other lights other than the one solid white light. This object appeared the same from every perspective. It was a ball of light.  About one minute later a small private plane flew by travelling at about the same altitude and direction. However this small plane was a greater distance away from me. I could hear the small plane clearly and also see directional lights as well. The small plane was travelling about the same speed as the object. I watched the small plane as it flew off in the Northeast. It never dimmed and I could see it's lights until it flew over the treeline in the distance. So much for the haze.  Maybe 5 minutes later I saw a bright white light coming from the Northeast. I thought the object might be returning. But looking with binoculars I could see 2 small white lights in the center, and the red and green directional lights on the wings. This was an airliner which I see many of every night. One thing occured to me. As this airliner flew by I could no longer see the white lights on the front. I could also hear it clearly and it was at a much higher altitude than the object I observed.;41.8139000000001;-73.1123
Two Jupiters!!!;2005-06-09 22:50:00;30 Seconds;Two Jupiters!!! I just saw this minutes ago.  I went out on my porch to have a cigarette. I looked up at Jupiter. I am very familiar with the night sky as I have enjoyed amateur astronomy all my life. I own a nice telescope and have been observing Jupiter and Saturn within the last week.  As I looked up to see Jupiter I was very surprised. There were two of them! This really threw me and confused me. The reason I say there were two Jupiters is that both objects looked identical in magnitude, size and even color. Jupiter is a yellowish-white to the eye. I knew one of these objects could not be Jupiter, so I watched carefully for movement. I did not see any movement or seperation whatsoever. Both objects were completely still in the sky. I noticed that the northern-most object had a fainter star-like object very close by.  So I was utterly confused. I did not know what this second object was. I stared at both for about 15 seconds (I wasn't sure which was the real Jupiter). Then I noticed that the one to the north started to dim out as did it's companion. The sky is clear tonight, no clouds at all, very good visibility. This object was about 5 degrees or a fist held at arms length north of Jupiter. It took about 15 seconds to dim. I could still see this object as a very faint star-like object for about another 15-20 seconds. Then I could see it no more. I watched for several minutes but did not see this object again. I came right in to make this report.  I don't know what this object was but it did not move at all the entire time I observed it. I am very familiar with aircraft and satellites. It did not make any sound whatsoever. There were no clouds. I could still see all surrounding stars the entire time.;41.8139000000001;-73.1123
I suddenly got the thought to look up...;2014-04-15 03:40:00;10-15 seconds;I suddenly got the thought to look up... I go to work very early in the morning.  On Tuesday, April 15, at around 3:40 A.M., as I was just about to open my car door and get in, I suddenly got the thought to look up.  I did look up directly at a very bright light in the northwestern sky.  It was bigger and brighter than any star or planet I have ever seen.  As I watched, I noticed it was moving slowly due north.  It remained bright for only a few seconds and rapidly faded to a very small and dim dot that continued north.  I watched it for maybe ten seconds, and then got in my car and proceeded to work.  I have to admit I was a little shaken by the experience because of my sudden impulse and thought to look up. This is not the first object I have seen and I have made quite a few reports here.  I seem to see things like this quite often, not really sure why. I don't know what it was, but it was this single bright white light, MUCH larger and brighter than any star or planet I have ever seen.  I did not see any red or green directional lights as aircraft have.  I could not tell how high it was, but I got the impression it was very high up in the sky, maybe 30-40,000 feet or so.  It was difficult to judge the speed as well, but it moved about the speed an airliner would move at high altitude. I have seen aircraft high in the sky light up when they reflect the sun, but this was a full 3 hours before sunrise, so I do not believe that is what I saw. Anyway, that is it, it was a very simple and short sighting, but it did shake me up for awhile that morning.;41.8139000000001;-73.1123
I keep seeing these objects.;2014-09-23 03:40:00;15 seconds;I keep seeing these objects I keep seeing these things.  On September 23, I woke from sleep, needing to go to the bathroom.  Next to my bed is a large window that faces due east.  When it is warm I like to prop the window open for fresh air, which I had done this night.  Before I went to the bathroom, I took a look out the window as I usually do.  It was clear and cool and many stars were visible.  I saw Jupiter maybe 10 degrees above the horizon to the ENE, Sirius to the southeast, with the constellation Orion above it.  I know the stars, planets and constellations pretty well as I have been interested in astronomy since I was young.  I own a nice telescope I use on occasion. What was unusual was a bright star like object about 10 degrees above Jupiter and slightly north of it as well.  This object was a bright white color, brighter than both Jupiter or Sirius.  I was a little confused because I look out the window every morning and have not seen this star before. It did not appear to be moving at all.  After about 15 seconds, it suddenly dimmed to a very small pinprick of light, and then dimmed out altogether.  I looked carefully to see if a cloud had passed in front of this star, but it was very clear.  I did see one faint patch of cloud, but this was nowhere near this star. That's it, that is my sighting.  Not very eventful except that I keep seeing objects like this on a regular basis.  Back in April I was going to work early in the morning when I got the impression to look up, and I saw a very bright light just like the one I saw tonight, which also quickly faded out a few seconds later.  Over the past five years or so I have seen about half a dozen lights like this.  You can't help but feel that these objects are appearing for the express purpose that you see them. I am not a nut job, but I know what I am seeing, and I am seeing these objects on a regular basis.  I have a very difficult time believing it is just a coincidence that I repeatedly look up just as some bright military aircraft or other object is hovering in the sky, and then quickly turns off its lights, or jets away.  Altogether, I have seen UFOs about a dozen times in my life, three times up close with much detail.  But the last few years I seem to just look up and there they are.  What they are I have no clue.   I am rather religious and do not believe these objects are from other planets, I rather believe they are spiritual in nature.  Still, why do I keep seeing these things?  Most people never see a single UFO in their entire life, I have probable seen at least a dozen.  What does it mean?   Oh well, that's it.  I have turned a very short and unremarkable sighting into something big, but when you keep seeing these things, it begins to get to you after awhile.;41.8139000000001;-73.1123
Good video of strange object flying over my town.;2018-04-23 21:10:00;10 minutes;Good video of strange object flying over my town. I am an amateur astonomer who takes photos out my window.  I was trying to get some photos of Jupiter before I would have to leave for work at 9:30pm.  As I was setting up my scope, I saw a solid red object fly by from left to right (north to south).  I thought it was a small private airplane, but I wondered why the red light did not blink.   I looked out the window a few minutes later, and this object was flying directly over my head, northeast to southwest.  I put my head out the window and listened carefully, but there was absolutely no sound. I went about setting up my scope.   A few minutes later, this object flew above my head again, but in the opposite direction, from southwest to northeast.  It was flying quite fast, but suddenly stopped still and hovered.  I grabbed a pair of binoculars and looked at it.  It was two solid red lights that were not blinking.  Suddenly, a bright green light flashed several times between the two red lights.   At this point I grabbed ! my Iphone and took a video.  The object sat still for a minute or so, then moved slightly down and to the right, then reversed to the left.  Again, it sat for still for a minute or so.  Then it moved upward, and even seemed to be approaching me.  Then it flew out of sight to the southeast. I will send this video to you, it is very clear.   I uploaded my video to Youtube, here is the link.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-ub1moP31E&feature=share;41.8139000000001;-73.1123
