It seemed to hover ,change color and take off;2000-07-11 09:00:00;15 minutes;It seemed to hover ,change color and take off I was outside for a walk and I saw some kind of craft that looked like two bowls or plates put together. It just seemed to hover over some trees in the distance. Then it satrted to change colors and it started to flash a little.  I just stood there and watched the craft. And then it seemed to take off suddenly really fast. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know whether the witness means a morning, or evening, sighting.  PD));41.8139000000001;-73.1123
Star turns to Sphere and takes off;2004-09-07 20:30:00;15 Seconds;Star turns to Sphere and takes off I saw a very peculiar object tonight. It was around 8:30 P.M.. We had just finished dinner and I went out on our porch to have a cigarette. We live in a second story apartment in Torrington, Ct. Our house faces almost directly Southeast. We get an excellent, almost unobstructed view of the sky. I am an avid sky-watcher and have enjoyed amateur astronomy from a very young age. I know most of the constellations in the sky on sight. Other than some clouds on the horizon to the Northeast, the sky was clear tonight with good visibility.  I sat down to enjoy my smoke when I noticed what at first I thought was a very bright 1st magnitude star. It was about 30 degrees above the Southeast horizon. At first I thought good, it is clear and will be a good night for looking at stars. But then it struck me that this bright star was out of place. This would be in the constellation Capricorn which does not have any bright stars at all. I could see the Great Square of Pegasus to my left. I could see the bright star Altair much higher in the sky and a little to my right. I could see the constellation Sagittarius low in the sky to my right. I am just telling you this so you will know I am not mistaking this object for a star. So I was confused by this star and stared at it, trying to figure out what it was. This star looked large as well, about the size of a BB held at arms length. And though it was very bright, it was not brilliant like a star. I looked at it for about 10 seconds, then I thought it started to move. There are wires from the telephone poles that run directly in front of my apartment. Using one of the wires as a reference, I could detect this object moving lower in the sky very slowly. Suddenly, it moved very quickly toward the South. As it did it decreased in brightness and faded from view. It also seemed to change from white to bluish, and then slightly green. Even as it quickly faded it was very strange. It appeared to be illuminated from within. At the last before it faded from view, it was very dimly lit and looked like a crystal ball. It looked transparent, like a globe or sphere. From the time it moved quickly till it faded out could have only been a second or two. This quick movement probably covered 10 degrees of sky. I see planes every night flying into Bradley Field in Hartford and further east to Boston or Providence. In fact, I probably saw at least 20 planes tonight. This object moved at least 4 or 5 times quicker than the planes I see. It never made a sound. This object must have been at a fairly high altitude.  I ran into the house and grabbed a pair of binoculars I keep on a bookcase by the front door for stargazing. I was back out in seconds and searched the area hoping to spot the object but it was gone. I stayed out for another 30 minutes or so, but saw nothing but stars and airliners crossing the sky.  This may seem like a long story for such a short sighting. But it was a very strange sight. I believe this object was under intelligent control. You even get the feeling that it knows you are watching. Wierd.  This is about the 4th or 5th time I have seen these objects in my life, all quite different from one another. I can only attribute that to the fact that I spend a great deal of time looking at the sky and have all my life. I am a very down to earth person. I do not really believe in extraterrestrial life, but I cannot deny that there are some very odd objects flying around. I have my own theories about this. I think they might be spiritual in nature, but that's just my opinion. I really don't know for sure.  I am 50 years old and have worked as a Quality Assurance Technician at the same factory for the last 15 years.;41.8139000000001;-73.1123
