I was driving home from Hudson, and had just driven through River Falls when I spotted the first one. It was a very bright light, large;2005-09-26 20:00:00;2+ Hours;I was driving home from Hudson, and had just driven through River Falls when I spotted the first one. It was a very bright light, larger than any star and seemed to be falling fairly fast it got dimmer and dimmer until I couldn’t see it anymore. I was almost to Beldenville when I spotted another. I pulled off on to a side road to get a better look. There were as many as six objects flying in large circles. At the closest part of the circle they were bright and large like the first one I saw as they got further away they looked to have one red light and one green light, and very fast flashing white lights that ran along the length of it. I watched them for a while then decided to move on. Just before Ellsworth I saw them again again I pulled off onto a side road. I saw one very close this time it consisted of a row of five red lights. It was flying very low and it was wider than the road I was on, yet it made no sound. When it started to circle it banked so sharply that the lights went from being horizontal to being completely vertical. While going east on hwy 10, between about eleven miles out side of Ellsworth, one flew over me. This one was very irregularly shaped, with the same red and green and flashing white lights. While it was over head, I spotted another just like it in my rear view mirror, at first I thought it was the same one, but I looked over my shoulder and there were two of them. When I got home I could still see them, little more than flashing lights on the horizon, I brought my dad out side and showed him. Every so often one of them would get very big and bright again, and then fade just as quickly. Dad thinks that they are probably military planes on practice runs, and he’s probably right, but it's still unlike anything either of us had ever seen before. The weather was clear and still.;44.7233;-92.4945
