Ball of light separated into three lights and accelerated out of view.;2000-05-05 19:30:00;15 seconds;Ball of light separated into three lights and accelerated out of view. I was driving home from college, north on Interstate 29 approximately ten miles from the Onawa off-ramp and the modern rest area, when I cited the object in question.  It was about 7:30 PM, and the sky was mostly sunny with few clouds.  As I was driving I saw what first I thought was a plane, so I ducked my head down so as to view it, since it was just out of my sight as I sat in a semi-rigid driving position.  What I observed was a light, pulsating from orange to blue to yellow to pink, which was slowly streaking across the sky from the west to the east at an angle of 270*.  When the object became perpendicular to the interstate it split apart from one object into three separate objects with the same properties in an equilateral triangular pattern.  The three objects then rapidly accelerated and disappeared from my view.  Once I had witnessed this I continued on the interstate until I reached the rest area just north of Onawa at which I pulled off to see if anyone else had seen what had happened since it occurred less than five minutes beforehand.  When I got out of my car, other people were standing on the sidewalk and from what I overheard it sounded like they were talking about what I had seen.  I walked by them without asking them though since I didn't want to sound crazy, because I wouldn't want someone walking up to me at a rest stop talking about a UFO.  I am a Cadet of the United States Army, and have taken college astronomy courses so I know what I saw was not Mercury, a shooting star, Venus, or any other astronomical body.  What I saw reflected light and emitted light that changed colors, and although the sun was starting to set it was still light enough out that the stars would not be visible, nor was the sun a hindrance since I wasn't looking into the western sky.;42.0363;-96.1162
a light that separated into three other ones, then a cross.  Over 50 whitnesses!!, at fooball game.;2003-09-19 20:00:00;football game;a light that separated into three other ones, then a cross.  Over 50 whitnesses!!, at fooball game. It was at my varsity football game, when i was standing at the sidlines when i see something out of the corner of my eye, a light.  Now this had to was very bright to see because of the fooball game lights.  Its was a light that was flashing, i didnt think much of it until it split into 3 sepret lights then disopeard and reapered in the same spot but in a cross.  Then it happened again in a different place.  There where about 50 whitnesses sense it was at a foot ball game.  That night i did some research about local sightings and on this sight i found a 2 year old report of the same thing that happened hear in Onawa!!! i coundn't beleive it!  all i can say is that theres something freaky goin on here! lol;42.0363;-96.1162
