Strange.behavior of lights viewed in western sky from N Idaho.;2019-11-10 21:20:00;28 minutes;Strange.behavior of lights viewed in western sky from N Idaho. At approx 2120 Pacific on 11.10.2019 viewed from Cocolalla, ID. Weather cold, sky clear, no precipitation: While sitting on my couch watching TV with my family I saw a large, white circle of light (through my west facing window beneath the TV) flying in a westerly direction at a speed comparable to a meteor. The light was WNW of my home. It was approx double the size of the ISS, and several orders of magnitude brighter than the brightest I've ever seen the ISS. It did not trail any streak of fire, it did not break apart, and it made no noise that I could hear from indoors. I immediately ran out of the house onto our west facing porch to attempt to view it further, and did not see or hear anything else unusual. I informed my wife about what I saw, but she had not seen the light through the window.  I went back to watching TV with my family. At 2148 (based on cell phone video time stamp) I observed two amber or possibly orange colored lights had appeared in the sky visible through the same westward facing window. The lights appeared to be well passed Huckleberry Ridge. Viewed from my home, they were just north of Vega. They appeared to be a similar diameter as Vega, but perhaps not as bright and definitely were not white. The lights at first appeared stationary but then I could tell they were drifting upward as they passed a faint, small star in the background. I yelled to my wife to come quick, and asked my daughter to bring my cell phone.  My wife witnessed the two amber colored lights move toward each other and then apart from each other a couple times, before one zoomed off to the north or possibly northeast. As it zipped away its light dissipated. The other stayed in the same area, before its light dissipated too. I did not personally see the dynamic movement of th! e two amber lights because I was busy unsuccessfully attempting to capture the event on video. I did observe the remaining amber light fade away.;48.124;-116.6631
