Very low-flying, metallic saucer-shaped craft with multi-colored panels by major Michigan roadway in daytime.;1991-05-31 13:00:00;10-15 seconds;Very low-flying, metallic saucer-shaped craft with multi-colored panels by major Michigan roadway in daytime. This event occured late-spring/early summer of 1991.  I was about 11 years old and playing at my grandparents farm.  The sky I recall being perfect blue not a single cloud in the sky.  Noise was at a minimum, save for the sounds of my own play.  There may have been intermittant automobile sounds before OR after the incident, but not during the 10-15 seconds the sighting occured.  This 100-acre farm is right beside a major roadway AND railsystem.  On the other side of the country block (approx. 1 mile north) lies I-94, the major Chicago-Detroit road system.  As I was playing, I saw a glint in between leaves to the north.  I remember pausing, then looking back up.  I saw another metallic glint, but due to the leaves I could not make any shape nor size out.  There was no sound.  As I ran out from underneath the tree's canopy, I remember being scared for a second thinking that, as low as it was, it might be an airplane...but without a sound.  When I emerged, I saw it.  Talking with my dad later that day about it to determine height/distance (remembering I was 11 years of age or so) we decided it must have been about 100-150 feet north of me there is a cornfield that runs 100 feet north with a woods on the northern edge.  The object was somewhere above either corn field or just beyond and above the woods.  The object was moving very slowly.  I would have to say no more than 15mph or so judging the distance it moved west to east (approx. 150 feet in 10 seconds).  I remember thinking I should hear a hum as I had been an avid viewer of the TV program Sightings however, there was no sound or vibration whatsoever.  The metallic glint I first observed came from the top and bottom edges of this pie-shaped craft.  I could tell the edges were round, as in the center (which was the majority of the face of the side of the craft presented to me) had around 5 different colored panels standing vertically.  As a kid, it reminded me of the Lifesavers candy wrapper each panel or window stood vertically, top and bottom of each panel meeting the metallic top and bottom of the craft.  Each panel was one solid color (I only recall three colors now red, green, and purple).  The craft was not very high being yound and unable to judge I cannot guess, but a separate incident I will relate in just a moment may allow you to judge the height.  However, it kept moving westward at an even pace, moving perfectly straight (not changing altitude or bearing).  Then, as if on a sudden, it shot off in another direction and altitude!  It headed about forty-five degrees to the north (roughly North East) AND UP in altitude at about the same angle.  This object, which appeared so low to the ground, was out of sight completely within 5 seconds.  Maybe less.  I stood there...obviously stunned...for only a few seconds.  I cannot remember which I experienced next first, but I heard a helicopter just about the same time it too emerged!  This came from the west, heading east (same flight plan as the craft).  It was at about the same height as the craft but travelling faster (pre-spacejump I should say).  It was so low, in fact, that I could clearly see the spaces in between the letters on the helicopter: US ARMY After joining the National Guard a few years later, I was able to identify the helicopter. One UH-60 Blackhawk.  It should also be noted that, about 30-miles due west, is a Michigan Air National Guard base that I would presume this came from.  Now I know the crew had to see it it would have been right in front of them.  I would also be surprised if no one else had seen this.  To reiterate: The day was clear.  The craft travelled between TWO major roadways.  The top and bottom caused such a glint that I noticed it while playing BETWEEN the leaves of a rather large tree.  The sides of the craft were quite beautiful, actually each a separate distinct color.  It should have been noticed out of the corner of anyone's eye. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));42.272;-84.9638
