Three steady orange lights in a triangular formation, much bigger than a conventional aircraft, moving slowly from east to north.;2007-09-06 20:40:00;5 Minutes;Three steady orange lights in a triangular formation, much bigger than a conventional aircraft, moving slowly from east to north. At 8:40 pm I went outside to take a walk and noticed, in the northeast, two bright orange lights, moving slowly, in tandem toward the left.  The brighter of the two was about the same brightness as Jupiter, which has been prominent in the southwest sky for weeks now.  The second was a bit dimmer.  At first it reminded me of the tandem flyover of the space shuttle and ISS a couple months ago, except they were going the wrong direction and were completely the wrong color. However, the speed was similar, and the brighter light appeared to be following the other.  The lights were low in the sky, and soon moved behind some trees. When they came back into view, I realized there were 3 orange lights, forming a broad-based triangle, with the two dimmer lights at the bottom and the brighter at the top, between them. As they headed behind some trees again, then behind the house across the street, I called for my daughter to come out of the house, and I ran around in my yard trying to find a clear view. Once my daughter was outside with me, I saw the lights once more in a gap between trees. By this time the lights were in a different configuration – as if the brighter light were “catching up” with one of the dimmer ones.  They were all slightly dimmer by that time, so I had the impression that they were moving away, toward the north. They soon dropped below the treetops and I didn't see them again.  As I think about it now, the 3 lights may have represented the corners of a very large triangular object (way bigger than an airplane), which turned toward the north while it was behind the trees, thereby changing the angle at which I was seeing the lights.  Size - if I held my arms out straight, and pretended to put one finger on each light in the sky, my fingers would be about 5-7 inches apart between the brightest light and the two dimmer ones, and about 12-13 inches apart between the two dim lights  Out of the 4 or 5 minutes that elapsed, I had perhaps 60 seconds, total, that I could actually see the lights.  I didn’t hear anything. But then again I saw a conventional small aircraft in roughly the same area, and couldn’t hear that either.  The conventional aircraft seemed to have circled around in the same general direction as the UFO, then back again toward me. Or it could have been two different aircraft, going in two different directions. I’m wondering if there’s any way to find out if the pilot(s) saw anything?;43.2016;-71.6953
