Bright light descends over Cambridge, MA area, hovers, then breaks into three separate aircraft.;2012-05-10 21:00:00;20 minutes;Bright light descends over Cambridge, MA area, hovers, then breaks into three separate aircraft. This sighting occurred on May 10, 2012 an hour or so after sunset in Cambridge, MA.  I was sitting in the passenger seat of an acquaintance's car on my way home from dinner when I first noticed a peculiar bright light descending from the sky. Aside from its gradual vertical descent there was no horizontal movement the object did not appear to be heading in any direction except for straight down. This was particularly notable because there were airplanes in other areas of the sky during that time by which to compare this object, and while the other airplanes were headed in more obvious directions (toward or away from Boston Logan Airport just a few miles away), this object was altogether different. It was a bright white, spherical object that did not blink as most airplane lights do.  At a certain point the object stopped its descent and merely hovered there for several minutes. By this point I was in shock, and I watched this object for the entire duration of my car ride home which was just under five minutes. When I got out of the car near the Cambridge/Somerville line I noticed the object split into three smaller bodies of light.  The three objects began flying away together in a triangle flight pattern, only to break it a few minutes later to fly around freely. They made sharp turns and seemed to be flying around a certain area near my neighborhood. By this point I was running down the road at top speed trying to record what I was seeing on my phone's video camera, but unfortunately the quality was terrible because cell phones simply can't film these kinds of events when it's pitch black outside.  I ran into my apartment to retrieve my partner so we could go out together, but by the time we got outside 10 minutes or so later I couldn't find the objects again. I have been checking over and over for reports of this online with no luck which I find to be very shocking because prior to breaking up into three separate aircraft, the single body of light was so bright and moved so strangely in the sky I couldn't believe no one else had said anything about it.;42.3707105263159;-71.1048343249427
Blue idle star moves erractically and is red while in motion.;2016-06-11 23:00:00;1 minutes;Blue idle star moves erractically and is red while in motion. I was sitting at a baseball field in the bleachers with my boyfriend, just chit chatting and enjoying the night.  The sky was so clear that night.  We were looking up at the stars.  I then looked straight ahead and saw what I thought was a bright blue star.  It was completely still and shining a bit brighter than the other stars and it was definitely a blue-ish color.   I then pointed it out to my BF.  As soon as I pointed at it (and we were both looking right at it at this point) it moved quickly to the right and changed colors - to a reddish blinking light. It then jerked up, then left, then down, then right.  The turns were very sharp - almost like it stopped in the air and turned right back around to go the other way.   The way it moved and the speed it moved, my BF and I agreed it could not of been anything man-made (that we know of, of course).  We saw it moving for about a minute then it disappeared behind some trees.   A few minutes later we saw two triangular pla! nes (one after the other) flying parallel to us the turn left toward where the object was.  Those planes looked as if they could of been military fighter jets.  They weren't moving too fast and the turn looked normal to what I've seen as far as planes go.  It definitely could of been coincidental as they turned towards where Logan Airport would be (we see planes fly over all the time in Cambridge).   I know what I saw was something different and no one will convince me otherwise.  It was not a plane, helicopter, drone, laser light, or anything like that.  This thing was completely idle like a star, started out blue, and changed to red lights and moved erratically right after I pointed it out to my BF.   The reason I felt the need to share this story is basically to see if anyone else in my area saw something like that on that night.  I know I'm not crazy because my boyfriend saw it too.   Very cool but sort of freaked me out.;42.3707105263159;-71.1048343249427
