2 orange balls hovering over Higgins Lake, MI.;2014-07-11 00:45:00;10 minutes;2 Orange Balls hovering over Higgins Lake, MI I was camping at South Higgins Lake State Park with my family.  Around 12:45am I noticed a bright orange light over the water that wasn’t there a moment ago.  I went to the beach to go look at it with my Mom.   When we got to the beach, we could see that the object was hovering in the air above the tree line.  It appeared to be the same size and similar shape to a hot air ballon.  The light was so bright and high in the sky that it had a reflection on the water.   As we watched it, a second one appeared.  They would hover, then combine into one glowing object, and then one would reappear again next to it.   As we were watching, two other campers joined to stare at the orange fire balls.  I did not know these campers.  We stood there in awe for about 10 minutes as we watched these two balls of light fade in and re appear in the sky.   Then the two lights sunk below the tree line and left a orange glow for about 30 seconds till the lights faded out.   There is a military base near by, and there were about 5 to 8 boats on the water that night at 1am.  Those boats were still on the water at 2am, when I finally decided to go to bed.;44.4812;-84.657
Fireballs spotted over Higgins Lake in same location as prior event.;2019-07-13 22:00:00;20 minutes;Fireballs spotted over Higgins Lake in same location as prior event. I was camping at South Higgins Lake State Park when a large fireball object started to appear across the lake shortly after sunset.  This was in the same location that I spotted the same type of aircraft on 7/11/2014.  Just like before, the object grew in brightness and intensity, split into a second object and then a third, disappeared and reappeared.  This occurred and continued on and off for about 20 minutes.  The fireballs were orange in color and incredibly bright!  Comparing where we were standing to a map on our phones, it appeared that the lights were above or near Roscommon.  I previously thought that Grayling was in that area, however I was incorrect. The object was hovering above the tree line and then would sink below the tree line, however the brightness from the fireball(s) would create a glow behind the trees.  Eventually the dancing lights.  There were 5 witnesses, all were adults. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.4812;-84.657
