Moving in formation Snake Lights;2020-11-04 21:15:00;30 minutes;Moving in formation Snake Lights At around 915 p.m., I was outside because it was an unexpectedly beautiful night, with a sudden warm up after severe cold.  I saw an object moving left to right, seemingly in a straight line moving diagonally away from me.  A couple of minutes later, I realized the object had stopped, just stopped.  I continued to watch it, thinking maybe its just moving away from me, but it stayed in one place for about 10 minutes.  I got my binoculars, and took a look, and the object, which seemed from a distance to be LED bright, and with multiple lights, turned out to be a moving snake line, like an electrical impulse kind of thing you would see on a computer screensaver.  A snake like line just kept moving randomly but in a contained space.  I saw no distinguishing shape.  I thought maybe it was some kind of refracted light from the binocular lens, so I checked out other stars, but they were not moving, and had no such squiggly lines or brightness.  Then I noticed that there were a couple more really bright lights, and looked closer with the binoculars, noting that there were three such lights, each with these electrical impulse type snake movements like a line chasing its tail kind of thing.  I realized that together, the 3 lights formed a very large triangle, although I saw no shape between them, and they did not move.  This was over the Niagara River in Lewiston, New York, which borders with Canada, and because of the distance (the lights were not close), I couldn’t determine if they were over the river or over Canada.  I noted there were several more, but due to trees and such could not determine any more which might be in formation.  They disappeared shortly after, just faded away like they were never there.  I looked online and something similar was captured on video along Lake Erie, New York, except those could be seen with the naked eye.  I attach the link because it accurately showed the kind of spasmic shifting of this weird bright snake rope kind of movement, which was recorded in 2018.  https://www.texasufosightings.com/buzz/strange-squiggly-lines-seen-with-naked-eye-over-new-york-see-photos  I am located in Lewiston, NY, roughly 100 miles from the original sighting, and less than 5 miles from the Niagara Falls Air Force Base, on Lake Ontario.;43.1743;-79.0215
