UFO over Orangevale, CA in May/June 1969;1969-06-01 23:00:00;30 to 45 minutes;UFO over Orangevale, CA in May/June 1969 My fiance had 2 friends over and they were in sleeping bags in his backyard.  They were just falling asleep when the backyard was lit as bright as noon on a sunny day. My fiance also told me all three guys mentioned that their zippers and/or metal buttons on their clothing and sleeping bags got very warm. There was no noise, just the intense light.  They darted into the house and tried to watch whatever it was out of the patio door. They never saw a shape, just the light beam at that point. After it moved away, my fiance ran down to the house where I was staying while my mother was at my grandmother's funeral.  He tapped on the window and when I awoke, he told me what they had just seen.  I got dressed and joined him in a grassy field across from his house and we watched as this bright light moved slowly around the Orangevale area (very rural in 1969).  As it moved, it shot a beam of light down every once in awhile.  We heard various animals make noise in the area the beam was shining.  We watched this for several minutes, then I told my fiance to call McClellan AFB in North Highlands, CA since that is where my step-father was currently stationed.  He did but they claimed they didn't know anything about the object we were seeing in the sky so they referred us to Mather AFB. We called them but they claimed the same thing.  We no sooner got back outside and all of a sudden there were 4 jets flying in from 4 directions, directly at the light.  As they approached, the light became brilliantly bright, then shot straight up in the sky and disappeared. The jets circled for a couple of minutes, then left. About one minute later, the light came slowly back down and continued its slow progress around the countryside. Every time it made an abrupt turn, it became brighter, then after it turned, it dimmed to normal again.   BTW, there was no moon that night so it was pitch black outside and all the stars were clearly visible, and if anyone claims it was Venus, well, it doesn't move - at least not very fast! No helicopter whump, whump, whump. And besides, helicopters - even today - can't do what that light did. And whatever it was, it out flew 4 jets. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));38.6889;-121.2263
The obj. looked just like a star color and size from my angle took a arc type path/ just dissapperd.  ((NUFORC Note:  Satellite?  PD));2008-06-02 00:00:00;40 sec;The object looked just like a star color and size from my angle and took a arc type path and just dissapperd. It looked just like a star color and size. I couldn’t tell what shape or how far it was I just know it couldn’t  have been anything man made or a shooting star simply because of the way it moved. The object took a rainbow type course then simply disappeared. The object was over the Folsom, Folsom Lake area. One of the most bizarre things I have ever seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD))  ((NUFORC Note:  Satellite?  PD));38.6889;-121.2263
