ring of lights;1989-06-15 20:00:00;aprox. 3 min but seemed l;ring of lights i remember this as plane as day. i was aprox. 4 or 5 years old i was sitting on the couch,in my house on the east side of town looking out my living room window facing south watching a lightning storm in south east bakersfield. my mom and her friend (who i was to call aunt) were sitting peacefully away from the window having a conversation. i was watching the lightning storm attentivly (i was and always have been fascinated by lightning) when all the sudden a circular object with white lights came up to my living room window. at the time i was a fan or television shows such as unsolved mysteries and sightings so i knew i was seeing a UFO. i started trying to get my mother and aunts atteniton but my mom went into the whole thing dont interupt when grown ups are talking! as i was yelling and pointing out the window. but when i looked back it was gone. i am 17 years old now and i have seen nothing like it since sure iv seen 'shooting stars' but nothing like what i saw that night. infact, i seen a shoting star/fire ball thing the early morn. of my fathers foot surgery and when we got to the hospitol i slammed my finger in the car door. also about 2 months ago when i first got with my fieance the 1st night we were together we both seen the same shooting star, made a wish, and kissed, our relation ship is doing pretty good. about as good as it can go being how guys are so immature and cant get over them selves. ((NUFORC Note:  Date and time are approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date so that the reports sorts to 1989.  PD));35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
Flying disk seen more events since then, every few years.;1995-04-01 16:30:00;60 seconds;Flying disk seen more events since then, every few years. It's been 20 years, so I cant recall exact dates, but here's the story:     I saw a program about the wave of sightings in Mexico...the researcher issued a challenge.  He said to go out and watch the skies...give it about a week he said.  And tell me you don't see something strange.  So I took him up on this challenge...I've always been interested so why not. I rode around town on my bike looking at the skies. after the second day around dusk, I decided to pull over and eat the sandwich I had in my backpack.  I stopped on the bike trail very near the final approach path to Bakersfield Airport.  Being a pilot, I like planes, so I thought I would sit there and watch the planes for a bit. After a minute of two, I see what I think is a 737 on final.  After observing it for a few seconds I notice that the 'aircraft' is changing pitch by about 5 degrees nose up nose down and kind of sliding through the sky...almost in a push, push fashion (hard to describe in text).  Like it wasn't meant to be flying in the atmosphere.  So I thought that was unusual, and then I noticed that the object didn't have a  vertical stabilizer, so I start looking closer and notice...it doesn't have any wings. It's a disk!  About the same size as a 737, viewed from about a half mile.  Dark grey in color...looked like lead.  I got the impression that it was once piece. The object continued and was obscured by a tree so I get on my bike and ride around the turn in the path so I can see this thing.   After observing it for a few more seconds the craft has a sudden change in velocity, 90 degrees to the west and accelerates at an unbelievable rate, in fact it was almost like it just instantly was at the high velocity, not even really an acceleration.  It  heads of west until it appeared about the size of a quarter (about 1 second) and disappeared.  Best estimate is that it was doing maybe 10,000 miles per hour as it departed the area.  No sound whatsoever. A couple weeks later I see an ad in the classified section of the paper that reads 'Did anyone see anything strange in the skies of Bakersfield on xxx date at about xxx time.  If so, Call this number: 1-800..... I didn't call that number. If that's not odd enough for you, what strikes me as even odder is that I was out looking for this thing and all of a sudden...there it is.  ???    I have several other experiences to share that happened since then if your interested. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
saw what appeared to be saucers,flying at rapid rates of speed,flashing lights on all of them some in a circular motion, others diagona;2001-08-09 21:00:00;few minutes;saw what appeared to be saucers,flying at rapid rates of speed,flashing lights on all of them some in a circular motion, others diagonally. I still feel that what appear to be constellations aren't--they are in formations that are not constellatory. I see these on a nightly basis. ((NUFORC Note:  Anonymous report, but please seen other report for same time and date.  PD));35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
civilian sighting, can not be explained has to be experienced, Dreamland encounter, happend while dreaming.;2005-09-22 04:00:00;1 minute;civilian sighting, can not be explained has to be experienced, Dreamland encounter, happend while dreaming. Im still me Im not one of them I Survived somehow. and I know that the possessers are dangerous people. ps I know why ufos and aliens are labeled top secret. It's not self adheasive. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident may be approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
One night, at 3am, I witnessed a disc hovering in the sky, and a giant flash erupted and it sped, disappeared at the speed of light.;2008-06-30 03:15:00;5 seconds;One night, at 3am, I witnessed a disc hovering in the sky, and a giant flash erupted and it sped, disappeared at the speed of light. I moved back into my parents house in SW Bakersfield because my boyfriend's (at the time) mother did not like me, and living in a tiny back house with them was horrible.   On a summer night in 2008, my boyfriend called me at around 2:30 am crying and asking me to please pick him up because his mother was kicking him out of the house, again.  I told him I would be right there.  I was not asleep, nor was I sleepy.  I am usually awake until 3-4 am any ways (I am a nocturnal person).   I parked my car in the next alley, ran to their alley, and crept to their window to spy.  I saw nothing, but could hear them loud and clear arguing, again.  I noticed my boyfriend's sister's car parked there, and I hated her, so I let the air out of her rear tires.  I got bored waiting for them to finish arguing, so I out of the alley, and around to the front house.  I stood on the very right side of the front chain link fence, and I could kind of see through to the back yard's back house's tiny kitchen window.  I got frustrated that I was not able to successfully spy.  So I got off the fence and, in boredom, looked up at the night sky.  And I saw a UFO floating perfectly in the sky!  It wasn't too close and not at all far away.  It was about the altitude that a police helicopter would be at if it were searching for a suspect, that should give you an idea.  The UFO was metallic silver, shaped like a disc but it had a flat bottom.  There were no windows, lines, bolts, it was clean. I saw it immediately, and I remember saying OOh myy GOD!  And it turned on: two red lights appeared on the tail, and a giant flash appeared in front of it, and the UFO immediately went through the flash at the speed of light.  All that was left was two red lines of disappearing light left over from the speed.   They faded away, and I was in shock for maybe several seconds, and I started freaking out, in a good way, jumping and running around yelling OH MY GOD OH MY GOD! And I looked around to see if anyone else was around to see it.  No one was.  I looked at my cell phone and it was 3:15 am, and no one else saw it because everyone was asleep. I will never forget it. Later on, maybe a year later, two other people and I saw 4 UFOS.  I will submit another report for that. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
