http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/070/S70525.html  I saw this posting,and recalled a night in 1994.;1994-08-15 22:30:00;3 min;http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/070/S70525.html  I saw this posting,and recalled a night in 1994. I was driving a moving truck with 2 helpers in the cab. we were heading home from Bakersfield after dropping off a load of furniture. I saw a triangle shaped craft,at first glance I thought it was a helicopter crashing in a field across the hwy, as we got closer to the object it shot back over the hwy about a 1/4 mile in front of us off to the right side of the hwy.  Then it seemed to just hover for a couple seconds and then it came right at my truck (30 foot moving truck) I thought it was going to hit us head on. As it got within 20-30 ft it went right above us and over the cargo box, the craft continued down the hwy at a low height maybe 25 ft off the ground and went back to the field i first saw it in. we continued down the hwy as i saw the craft in my side view mirror I dont recall any sound from the craft. I would have heard an airplane or helicopter flying that low. I tried to stop the truck and pull over,but the other 2 guys with me kept yelling don't stop keep going lets just get out of here. I was shaken by the whole event we pulled over a few miles down the road.we said nothing to each other at that time. I asked them about the flying object we all saw 2 days later and they both denied seeing anything. basic design of craft I saw that night.  triangle shape 3 very bright lights they lit up the entire hwy, the craft had to be atleast 20ft  and I still to this date have never seen anything move that fast with so much control, I did have one person over the yrs tell me it was a glider, I dont think so, whatever it was we didnt make it!;35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
Saw bright light in distance, came towards my car rapidly, hovered and spun slowly parallel to my vehicle for about a minute and left;1994-08-15 22:45:00;5 minutes;Saw bright light in distance, came towards my car rapidly, hovered and spun slowly parallel to my vehicle for about a minute and left This incident happened in the summer of 1994.  It has always stayed in my mind as I had never seen anything like it.  I never knew to whom or if I should report it to anyone as I thought that people might think that I’m crazy.  Anyway, I would like to share this story now. Me, my husband and two young children, ages 4 and 10 at the time were on our way to Disneyland in Anaheim, California.  To avoid the evening traffic, we had left our home in San Jose, California at about 7:30 pm in hopes of checking into our hotel at least by midnight.  My husband and I had decided that I would drive as I had been home resting during the day and he had worked.   We decided that he would sleep during the trip and I would awaken him if I would get tired of driving. It was about 10:45pm and we were at least sixty miles away from Bakersfield and my husband and younger child were asleep in the back seat.  My older child was asleep in the passenger seat.  I was listening to music.  I could see in the distant the dark gray of the sky with the shadows of the hills beyond.  I could also see what I thought were city lights in the distance.  All of a sudden a very bright light above the hills caught my attention as it seemed that it was descending in a very vertical manner and quite rapidly.  My first thought was, Oh my God, could that be a plane that is falling?   No sooner had I thought that, when it seemed that it was coming right towards our car and very quickly.  I got scared and began to speed up.  I looked into my rear view mirror to see if other cars were close by, but it seemed that the car behind me was still a ways back.  “The object” seemed to have come right next to us to what seemed about 25 to 30 feet away in the open space next to us.  It zoomed by very low, almost parallel to my vehicle.  It went past us and I remember looking through my side mirror only to see it coming back at a slower rate.  It was hovering and spinning slowly.  It then came exactly parallel to my car as I drove at about 70 MPH.  It just hovered and spun next to me for what seemed like a minute or two.  My youngest son awoke at that moment and I asked him, “JJ, what is that thing?”  I wanted to make sure my mind was not playing tricks on me.  He replied in his four year old voice, “A spaceship!”  Just then it made a final quick and rapid spin and disappeared back into the distance in the direction it had come from.  I was speechless and still trying to wrap my head around what I had just experienced.  I quickly woke my husband to tell him what had just happened and he said that it was probably a helicopter or some military object test being conducted.  I then replied, “A triangular helicopter that spun with white lights around it and made absolutely no noise!”  Furthermore, it was not onl! y triang ular, but the triangle did not have straight lines, it seemed to have inwards curves with many lights all along the curves. I don’t know if it indeed an UFO, but to me it surely was unidentifiable.  I had never seen or have ever seen anything like it.;35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
Black triangular object moving slowly through the night sky.;1998-06-01 01:00:00;1 minute;Black triangular object moving slowly through the night sky. One triangular object was seen around one o'clock, summer time, 1998. I was sixteen at the time. My 2 younger sisters and I were sleeping on our large outside trampoline. Bakersfield gets very warm during the summer time. I would always stare up at the stars hoping to see shooting stars or more, I was an avid Art Bell listener at the time. All of a sudden I saw the stars being masked by something very large. It was very slow moving and made no sounds. There was no lights on this object. I was in awe at how big it was. It was kind of hard to stay focused on it because it blended in with the sky so well. I am not sure how far up it was but it looked pretty low. About a minute passed and it moved over the trees of my backyard and I could no longer see it. I am 22 now and just learning of other people who have seen a similar object. I am excited that I get to post this sighting after 7 years of telling my friends and family of this odd happening. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
TRIANGLE SHAPE WITH TWO  LIGHTS  AT EACH END;2000-07-15 23:50:00;15-20 sec.;TRIANGLE SHAPE WITH TWO  LIGHTS  AT EACH END I REMEMBER, I HAD JUST GOT HOME AND DISITED TO STAY IN MY CAR (A CONVERTIBLE AT THAT TIME) TO FINISH LISTENING TO A RADIO SHOW THAT BOARDCASTS EVERY SUNDAY AND ENDS AT MIDNIGHT. THEY WHERE DOING LAST DEDICATIONS WHEN I GOT THIS STRANGE FEELING TO LOOK UP. I GOT THE FEELING IT WANTED ME TO SEE IT. I COULD NOT BELIVE WHAT I WAS SEEING. IT SCARED ME. I MEAN IT REALY SCARED ME. I WAS HUVERING SILENTLY. I GOT THE SENSE THAT IT KNEW IT SCARED ME AND IT MADE SOME KIND OF MANUVER IN THE SKY. IT MOVED UP AND THEN TO THE RIGHT AND SHOT TO THE LEFT (HEADING WEST). IT LASTED ABOUT 15-20 SEC. I AM NURSE. THE NEXT DAY I WENT TO WORK AND SHARED MY EXPERIENCE WITH MY CO-WORKERS (DR.'S AND OTHER NURSES) THEY KNOW ME, AND I WOULD NOT MAKE THIS UP. I KNOW I MADE BELIVERS OF MOST IF NOT ALL OF THEM. THEY SAW IT REALY SHOOK-ME-UP. I REMEMBER A FEW DAYS LATER, IT WAS BROUGHT TO MY ATTENTION BY A CLOSE DR. FRIEND WHICH TOOK A REAL INTEREST IN MY EXPERIENCE THAT PERSIDENT CLINTON FLEW INTO BAKERSFIELD AND WAS TAKEN BY HELICOPTER TO FRESNO ( THAT WAS THE PRESS STORY ). HE DID MAKE IT TO FRESNO FOR HIS SCHLD. EVENT. WE QUESTIONED WHY HE DIDN'T FLY TO FRESNO DIRECTLY, THEY HAVE AN AIRPORT. WE THINK HE WAS TAKEN TO EDWARDS BASE 1RST. WHICH IS NOT FAR FROM HERE. I DON'T REMEMBER HIM COMING TO BAKERSFIELD BEFORE OR SINCE. WHICH GAVE ME EVEN MORE CREDITBILTY IN MY CO-WORKER EYES. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
large triangle shaped object with 3 bright lights on front on I-5 north of bakersfield,ca;2002-03-29 21:30:00;3min;large triangle shaped object with 3 bright lights on front on I-5 north of bakersfield,ca my girlfriend and i were traveling south on I-5 about one hour north of bakersfield ca. I was in the passanger seat and noticed what appeard to be a plane comeing towards us on the east side of the freeway,it had three very bright lights on the front of it.As it came closer it made a sharp turn north flying  t very low to the ground,it was so low that the lights were lighting up the ground beneth it at thi time it became very visible, it was shapped simmilar to a triangle and didnt appear tall enuf for a human to be in side it was very large in size. It then would pull up at about 80 degree angle wobbling a little as if it slitely out of controll,and make a slow very sharp u-turn headding down at the same angle and along the ground reapeating the same thing over and over agin untill we lost sight of it.just as we were lossing site a police car went speeding inthe directin of the object ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and found him to be quite eloquent and serious-minded.  We would welcome reports from other witnesses who may have been witness to this object.  PD));35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
Triangle craft, 3 corner lights one center. Flew straight course but made partial spines on its axis left and right.;2007-09-18 23:25:00;approx 1 minute;Triangle craft, 3 corner lights one center. Flew straight course but made partial spines on its axis left and right. Our Power was out do to late payment that night ( 9-18-07, 11:25 PST ). I was alone in the back patio, reclining in a chair listening to my headphones and enjoying the cool night air, there was not much else to do. First I will tell you that I am very familiar with the night sky and can tell the difference between planets, stars satellites and different aircraft. I have been through Private pilot and Civil Air Patrol ground schools and have had over 60 or so flight hours in private pilot training, and familiar with what lights aircraft should and are required to be equipped with and what each lights function and meaning are etc. On the night of my sighting the sky was clear and I was sitting back looking up at the stars while enjoying my radio station. I was facing up and out to the east.  I noticed some movement in the corner of my left eye, I faced that way and saw what looked like and moved like 4 bright white satellites moving in perfect formation across the sky at a speed a little faster than satellites move across the sky. The formation was that of a perfect triangle with the fourth light dead center. All the lights (3 points and 1 center) were identical in size, color ( white with slightest hint of blue) and brightness. And all about 50% brighter than the brightest stars out that night. As I have no way of knowing the actual size of the craft as there was nothing to reference it off of, I cant make an estimate on the altitude or speed. But I got the since it was pretty high and cruzing at a good speed, If I put my hand up to the sky the object would be equivalent in length as the width of 1 1/2 fingers.  The object had only these lights and they stayed solid. No red/green wing tip position lights, anti collision or any other for that matter.  The object moved in a straight line to the south east crossing my view of the sky at an angle. I was very confused as to what it could be, I took out my headphones ( volume was not high so I had no ringing in ears from radio station) and listened for sounds of engines which I should have been able to hear if it was a passenger jet, Prop plane or rotocraft at their perspective heights based on the size of the object as it appeared, but heard nothing, this is also a very quiet neighborhood especially at night.  I still figured for a moment that just maybe, it could be a newly deployed satellite. I have seen on the NASA channel where a satellite would be deployed by being released in a case where the case comes apart and the parts drift apart leaving the satellite.  But I was convinced it was not some kind of conventional aircraft or space junk moving in formation when after about 15 to 20 seconds the craft rotated approximate 90 degrees to the right on its axis ( the center light ) it took about 3-4 seconds to make this smooth rotation. At that point it stopped rotating and was still flying in the exact same line of travel and speed but now sideways. (it was pointy side forward to begin with) Facing almost south west but traveling on to the south east.  It continued on for about 10 seconds in this configuration then just like it did before it now rotated on its axis left back to its original configuration now facing its line of travel. I was really excited to see this because I knew for sure it was not any satellite(S) or aircraft I have ever seen. I was thinking this is either some out of this world craft (cool) or something brand new that we had (also cool), and if it is something we have It has to be using some new kind of propulsion to be able to rotate and fly sideways so smoothly like that.  It continued on to the south east until it was out of site. Both of the crafts rotations were the same speed (about 3-4 seconds) and smooth, never seeming to have an effect on its straight line of travel or speed.  The best I can compare it to would be a tank moving down the highway and the turret being able to swivel left and right without effecting the speed or course of the vehicle. Only what I saw was what appeared to be an entire aircraft do the same.  In my aircraft (flight schools aircraft I use for training) I can do what is called a crab which is where you give full left or right rudder and opposite aileron to put the aircraft in a slightly sideways configuration, but only about 10-20 degrees or so and at the expense of speed, it creates major drag and is used sometimes to drastically slow the aircraft, usually for a landing where you may be coming in a little high and or fast, it allows you to loose some altitude and speed quickly by using the body of the aircraft it self to create a lot of drag.  I know of no aircraft that can put itself in a sideways configuration from forward movement at high speed without breaking apart, moving off course, loosing speed etc. Some aircraft can hover and fly sideways at very slow speeds and some rotocraft but not at high speeds in the hundreds of miles per hour or faster.  Because of the amount of space the craft took up which was not a lot, like I said about 1 and a half finger width  and limited number of stars out at night in our sky around here (near by city lights drown out all but the brighter stars) I did not get a chance to see it cross over a stationary star to see if it would block it out, I did watch for that but it did not cross any stars in its line of flight from my point of view. This may have helped rule out separate objects doing formation ( very impressive Formation ) flying but I really got the since it was a single solid object.  Also the lights on the craft all maintained their brightness during the entire sighting across the sky. Satellites I see will usually blink or fade, these lights did not.  I do not know for sure what I saw that night but It was diffidently making deliberate movements making me believe it was controlled by something or someone.  Also for reference the crafts line of travel was south east with the line taking it over or just slightly north of BFL Meadows Field, rather than right over the city of Bakersfield. If anything it would have skirted the area of Bakersfield on its northern edge.  I have included a picture I made on a paint program showing the crafts appearance, line of travel and movements. What I actually seen looked a bit more distant than it appears in the picture. Consider it a somewhat zoomed in look at exactly what I had seen. Also the positions in the sky where the craft changed its configuration was much more distant from each other than what you see in the picture, it was about 10 seconds between the left and right rotations and the craft was seen for a total of about 50 seconds to 1 minute which covered the entire line of sight of sky I could see which was quite a bit.  I have 20/16 vision, seen object on clear cool night with eyes outside, not through any mediums like screen, window, glasses etc.;35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
Three bright lights with bright reddish color.;2013-08-16 23:00:00;15 seconds;Three bright lights with bright reddish color on August 16,2013 around 11pm I was on my way to Merced CA with my nephew and daughter just passing Bakersfield when I saw three triangular lights in the sky.  I thought they were shooting stars but why three and in that formation?  The lights lasted about 10-15 seconds before it disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
I saw white triangular object with metallic red at the apex.  It was very loud and was travelling north.;2013-11-24 16:38:00;1 minute;I saw white triangular object with metallic red at the apex.  It was very loud and was travelling north.;35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
Strange low flying object in nights sky.;2014-02-19 20:45:00;7 minutes;strange low flying object in nights sky FEB 19 2014   MY Husband and I were outside at about 845 pm and we saw in the sky coming from the north west to the south west it was flying about 3oo feet above us in the nights sky.   what caught our eyes was the unusual color of the craft.  It was  a red glowing object with white blinking lights very different from the common aircraft.  much brighter.   it appeared to be the same size as a private aircraft.  as it approached it was about a half mile away and as it turned to the east we noticed its body was shaped like a triangle.  as it flew over us to the east we noticed it made no sound whatsoever.   it continued east for about a half mile then disappeared completely.  it just blacked out.   husband was able to get a photo on his cell phone of the incoming craft.  the photo looks like a large ball of red light.;35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
First object West 70° from horizon- white light becoming brighter initial thought was meteor, brightness then remained steady for appro;2018-07-31 23:00:00;15 minutes;First object West 70° from horizon- white light becoming brighter initial thought was meteor, brightness then remained steady for approximately 2 seconds then started dimming and getting smaller as if going back into sky.   Total Duration:  approximately 5 seconds.   This is when whiteness 2 pointed to second object,  3 lights in a triangle formation rotating slowly upon the axis of the light positioned highest;35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
Star-like two-layered triangular shaped craft flashing blue, red, and white seen flying low/slow then up and out of sight.;2019-09-06 23:30:00;2 minutes;Star-like two-layered triangular shaped craft flashing blue, red, and white seen flying low/slow then up and out of sight. Note: I am an avid night sky watcher and astronomy novice due to this fact, before publishing this report, and directly after my sighting, I attempted to debunk what I saw, before categorizing it as an unidentified object flying (UFO). Incident:  At approximately 23:30 on September 06, 2019, I witnessed a UFO flying at a very high altitude and at a rather slow speed with a NE flight path.  When the flashing object first caught my eye, I thought I was seeing maybe a meteor or a falling star it seemed star-like as it flew closer toward my location.  I thought this as I know the night sky during the beginning of fall brings such occurrences.  However, because I do study night skies and am aware of certain astronomical happenings, it did not seem likely a falling star or meteor.  After I realized it was no star or meteor I looked up flight plans and the flight schedule(s) of my local Meadows’ Field Airport in Bakersfield, CA, and found nothing.  The local airport was closed for the evening and by the look of the craft, I knew immediately it was no plane or jet.  The object had no “jet” stream, was flashing, the animals were stir-crazy, it flew very close to the ground without causing one thing on the ground to move from its force, as well as the fact that it did not make one sound as it passed above and then beyond my location.  These facts coupled with the shape of the craft led me to conclude it was most likely an UFO. I could not believe what I was seeing and rubbed my eyes several times all the while gasping at the closeness and vividness of my encounter.  I did not have a camera at the time, but I will describe specifically the appearance of the craft below. Description: Initially the craft looked star like in shape with white and blue lights flashing in an almost aura-like way.  As the craft stayed in continuous motion, I began to realize it was a craft of some sort with a seeming flight plan. Instead of star-like, the closer the craft got to my location I began to see it was triangular in shape and was flashing not only white and blue but read as well.  I noticed the lights were also in the shape of a triangle seemingly lining the bottom of the craft however, it was not until it flew directly over my head and beside me that I also noticed it had what seemed like a second craft or maybe it was the top half of the object, floating above the one below with a tethering of what seemed like a strand of lights which were not flashing but pulsating.  The object flew so low to the ground I was concerned as to what might happen as it was flying rather flying rather slow.  When the object was in my direct path, I noticed it was dead silent! and did not fly straight as it seemed to drift from side to side sometimes in a half circle and seemingly around obstructions.  Once the craft passed my line of view I watched where it would go next and it seemingly disappeared once it hit a certain point by my location.  I had a feeling I was to see more that night and I did of which I have video and will submit with my second and final sighting.;35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
This looked like the real triangle famous ufo thing.;2020-09-05 21:00:00;15-20 minutes;This looked like the real triangle famous ufo thing. It was a hazy night and I was outside in the backyard with my dog.  I couldn't hardly even see the north star.  I could see cygnes up on the left and while watching the sky I saw what looked like a satallite only it was way to bright.  I figured it was a slow meteor or something over on the right.  Then it went out, it was stationary.  Then it lit up red in the shape of a triangle, like two 30,60s together in shape.  It was slightly longer going down.  Then it did that famous ufo thing.  It juxtapositioned side to side instantaniosly.  Then I went to get someone to see a real ufo.  They came out and saw it too.  It moved smoothly and slowly sideways and started blinking a bright white light.  Eight flashes.  Then the red triangle again.  It moved fast sideways but smooth and silently to the east and went down lower and lower without changing the direction of it's triangle.  So it started out a dim light from outer space and turned into a red light triangle which looked lik! e it might have touched down somewhere.  Probably near I99 in north Bakersfield.;35.3759480132446;-119.058406594924
