triangular ufo with red, blue.green,lights;1973-09-08 20:00:00;3min;triangular ufo with red, blue.green,lights Reports on wmlp fm radio said their was a sighting in milton of a ufo . I had some friends who worked in a garage across the river in montandon Pa. and started walking over the bridge to see if they had heard the report on the radio . It was somewhat foggy on the river .I was three forths accross the bridge when I looked north up river towards milton when i saw what I thought was a large boat drifting toward the railroad bridge in front of the bridge I was on and I thought to yell at it because It was going to hit the bridge ! There was no sound , I noticed as it got closer that tis object was lighted with red, green and blue pulsating lights and that they formed a triangle ,I remember thinking of how this reminded me of an outline of a Christmas tree. Just as I was going to yell at this craft to prevent it from hitting the bridge I noticed a fire develope from the bottom of it , a deep orange fire . It then shot off , straight up into the sky. I watched it ascend and noticed that there was a small plane also heading south high up and I thought that it would be hit by this ufo but it flew right by the plane and the plane did not even seem to see it ? I asked my friends at the garage if they had seen it and they said no. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.973;-76.9117000000001
Black, triangular craft outlined in red traveling soundlessly at 35mph over the Bucknell University Campus.;1999-05-01 17:00:00;Four Seconds;Black, triangular craft outlined in red traveling soundlessly at 35 mph over the Bucknell University Campus. In the spring of 1999 myself and a friend saw a large (roughly 300X100ft) black UFO on the south end of the Bucknell University campus in Lewisburg, PA.  The object was triangular in shape, and outlined in a red glow, the interior was jet black.  It was no higher than 500ft from the ground, banking to its left as it traveled east northeast.  It was traveling at roughly 30mph.  It was completely silent, zero noise from any method of propulsion.  The craft had to weigh many tons, there was no other noise to mask the sound of engines or rotors. We had it in full view for a full four seconds until it was behind a row of tall pines.  We ran after it but did not see it again.   We didn’t know what to do, thinking that people would just think we were crazy for explaining something that was clearly impossible according to available technology, and being unaware of any services like NUFORC.  I am an MBA, and chief financial officer of a publicly traded company, I’m not crazy, and this was an extraordinary event I will never forget. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.973;-76.9117000000001
