Three flashing lights in the night sky on a horizontal line with the bottom of the moon as one light moved rapidly between.;2016-03-24 21:30:00;15 seconds;Three flashing lights in the night sky on a horizontal line with the bottom of the moon as one light moved rapidly between. The following event occurred approx. 20 miles east of Lubbock, Texas, at around 9:30 pm CST on the evening of March 24, 2016.   Me and my friend were standing on my back porch, cooking steaks and enjoying the evening.  It was a very clear and mild night by West Texas standards.   Rising out of the east was a beautiful almost clay red moon that, in my estimation, illuminated at 97 percent visible.  My friend in awe of the natural beauty of the moon's presence in the night sky proceeded to document on his cell phone camera. The event that immediately followed was recorded on his camera. With my back to him and tending the grill, he became vocally excited about something he was witnessing in the eastern night sky as he recorded on his phone camera.  He exclaimed to me that he had just had visual on something that was amazing and though he may have captured the event on camera.  Seconds later, I walked up behind him and viewed his phone screen over his shoulder.  What he had recorded amazed me. This is what I witnessed immediately after he had stopped recording the documented footage.  To the east in a medium low horizon was the moon with what appeared at first as a bright star on a lower plane on the right side (southern side from viewed position).  Watching this, my attention became enhanced as this star seemed to be drifting horizontally in the direction of the moon.  At this point what appeared to be a smaller star ejected out of the larger original star and moved rapidly across the lower horizontal plane of the moon. The fast moving light moved across the field of view of the camera and disappeared.  After viewing again we noticed a faint flashing light on the north side of the moon in which the fast moving object appeared to be heading in the direction of.  The lights came close to each other but the traveler passed by the faint object’s lower side. I immediately viewed the event he captured on his cell phone and experienced his excitement as it occurred in real time.  The phone these images were captured on was a Motorola E Android 4.4.4 .  Also, the video is rotated 90 degrees counter clockwise after downloaded.  Meaning the movement of objects actually is from right to left horizontally or from south to north from our view point. Afterwards he noticed his cell phone camera was displaying some anomalous time date information on his phone settings.  He said he had never experienced that before with this phone. Video was forwarded in email to: director@ufocenter.com   Please call if there was any problems receiving the recording;33.6628;-101.5293
