Flying triangles slowly floating about a light pole. Passed right above us!;1993-06-01 03:00:00;~3-5 minutes;Flying triangles slowly floating about a light pole. Passed right above us! In the summer of early 90s I was around 10 years old and my cousin was around 8 or 9 (ages are not exact but more or less) we used to sleep over at each other's houses and stay late at night outside in the yards usually doing kid stuff like making small fires and such.  One night he spent the night at my house and it mustve been around 2am or 3am when we went to the front gate which was about 5 feet away from the street and we saw a formation of silent, flying triangles floating slowly (I would guess about 5 mph) parallel right above the street (north to south).  I remember them flying slightly above a light pole (maybe 100 – 150 feet or so?) and slowly passed right in front of us.  They were so close to us.  Imagine standing by a light pole and have flying triangles fly slowly above the light pole passing you. When we saw them we froze and our eyes got locked on these crafts.  Like we were mesmerized by them.  All we could do was stare at them as they slowly passed us.  As soon as they passed us and were out of our line of sight we snapped out of it and both looked at each other with eyes wide open like we couldn’t believe what we just saw. From what I remember, the triangles themselves were in the formation of a bigger triangle, for example, 3 triangles in the bottom, 2 triangles above, and 1 triangle at the top.  They were forming a big triangle, and each triangle was about the size of a minivan.  They flew completely silent.  As a kid my first thought was they were made out of paper, because they flew so close to us and were completely silent, absolutely no noise.  In a neighborhood where almost every other neighbor has dogs any thing out of the ordinary would have 1 dog barking, then 2 then 3 then before you know it dogs can be heard on the other side of the neighborhood barking in the the background.  And this night not 1 single dog barked. I have a feeling this craft had some kind of psychological device that prevented us from reacting because even if we would’ve had a camera in our hands ready to snap a picture we wouldn’t of reacted.  We just got captured by the sight of these crafts and all we could do is keep our eyes locked on to them and trained on them until they  disappeared. The other weird thing is after that night, me and my cousin did not have a single conversation about what we saw.  On top of that we never told anyone.  I never told my parents, friends or anyone and neither did he.   Soon after my cousin moved to Minnesota and for about 10 more years we never even discussed it.  Until one night I was talking to my wife and my other cousin (she was the sister of the cousin I saw the ufos with) and I talked about it to them for the first time.  It was weird because I talked to them like it happened yesterday, it wasn’t something that I had forgotten, or something that I just remembered, it was something that I knew all along what happened but for some reason did not tell anyone.  So I mentioned to them what happened and such and of course they didn’t believe me, so I called up my cousin and just so very casual he described the same event.  My gf and my cousin that was there with me didn’t believe us and thought we had preplanned the conversation. Sometimes at night I still look up at the stars and wonder what it was and where it came from. I wish I could see something like that again.  And to this day when I talk to my cousin on the phone we still talk about what we saw and dwell on it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));26.2045;-98.1497
