In 1989, I was 14 years old and lived in Bloomington, IL, at that time with a population of around 60k people. I lived in a regular nei;1989-06-30 19:00:00;multi;In 1989, I was 14 years old and lived in Bloomington, IL, at that time with a population of around 60k people.  I lived in a regular neighborhood, not in a rural area.  My best friend and I were relatively interested in UFO's as he had noticed a few strange occurrences in the skies over his home, which was about 1 1/2 from mine.  Sadly, he passed away in 2015. His memories of what he had seen stoked my interest as well, so I began to spend the evening hours outside as much as possible, to have a look.  I don't recall snow on the ground, but I can't say that it was all that warm, either. One night, my sister was also outside (1 year younger) with me, while I looked at the stars.  I don't know which stars I would have thought they were at the time, but I noticed them because they seemed quite a bit brighter than the others.  They were not close to us at all, as far as I could tell, just bright stars.   Well, while I was looking and pointing to them, each star made a half-arc, for lack of a better term, until they were level with each other, then sped away from each other in opposite directions across the sky.  I was excited to say the least, and ran inside to tell my parents.   In the ensuing week or two, while I was still spending a lot of time outside, I watched an airforce jet fly wildly all over my part of the city...as if chasing something (at that time, I believe the only base of any size in Illinois was Chanute), and this was also confirmed by my friend, who had watched the jet from his home.  A few nights later, I heard a deep rumble ! that seemed to take its time getting to us...I figured it was a helicopter.  By the time I went into the front yard, the house was shaking, and a dozen military helicopters, in formation, passed over my house...really almost exactly over my house, heading in the direction of my friend's neighborhood, roughly. I think this was really the lead-up to what eventually occurred a few nights later.  I hadn't quite given up on watching when I could.  On this night, it was dark already, as it was during the other activity.  I was sitting on the front porch steps, and could hear what I can only compare to a distressed, grinding engine, not something I would think was in good working order.  I didn't think too much of it until the sound got louder and stranger.  I walked down the front sidewalk and saw, through some trees, red lights that seemed to be in the same location the noise was.  The strange thing (as if this isn't strange enough) is how slowly it was moving.  I had time to run in the front door, grab my father, and run to the back door.  As we did so, it moved just off the top of a tall tree in our back yard. It had red lights around the perimeter, and I don't recall that they were blinking, I believe they were solid.  The deep engine/grinding continued.  As it passed! over head, we could not make out any shape whatsoever...what ever it was, it was just black.  No outlines, no reflections, nothing.  If I had to guess a size after all of these years, I would say 30 or 40 feet in diameter.  Strangely, I don't really recall the lights as being part of a circular object either.  They seemed to be irregular. While my father (a Marine) shouted for my mother (a Marine), I watched is travel slowly in the same direction, which took it deeper into neighborhoods adjacent to mine.  I would have a hard time believing we were the only ones to see it. I will make an observation though. I've given this a lot of thought since this happened. It almost seems as though one is looking in a direction, or at a group of stars, or in the right place at the right time, more than coincidentally.  It just seems like a stretch to look at some random cluster of stars on a random night, and have what followed, follow.  I wonder if you have had similar observations. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.4644095808383;-89.0058706586827
Series of stationary lights in the sky, unmoving and constant for apprx an hour and ten minutes.;2006-05-08 23:10:00;1:10;Series of stationary lights in the sky, unmoving and constant for apprx an hour and ten minutes. At 11:10 pm on 05/08/06, I was at work and my wife phoned me from her place of employment to inform me that her fellow employees, and others at her place of work, were looking at an object in the sky.  She asked if I could see the object from my worksite.   I was unable to leave my station for about 15-20 minutes, but other employees were already outside observing.   About 11:45 pm, I was able to leave my station and view the object.  What I saw is as follows:  I saw what appeared to be a configuration of lights that you would commonly find on a commercial passenger jet.  A vague light at the front, much like an illuminated cockpit.  A white strobe light underneath was pulsing.  At what I considered to be the rear, a slightly larger constant light, not very bright, was the color of a slightly yellow moon.   Although there was nothing spectacular about what I was seeing, the most remarkable aspect of this sighting is that there was absolutely no motion or noise.  The object did not appear to hover because this would infer that it was making adjustments in horizontal and vertical attitude.  This object seemed to be set in the sky much the same as any radio tower or water tower light that you might observe.  But, as my collegues and I were aware, there was absolutely no tower or fixed light in that area.   Between my colleagues and me, we viewed this object for about an hour and ten minutes.   When the first person at my site had to leave to go home, they saw the object as they were driving away, they looked down at the road, and looked back towards the object again, and it had disappeared.  He then called us, we went back outside, and there was absolutely nothing in the sky.   The next morning, I phoned a local radio program, and asked if there were any other reports of sightings.  They informed me that somebody had called at the same time that night, and reported seeing a blimp. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness on three occasions about the sighting, and about his subsequent investigation of the event, and he sounded quite credible to us.  PD));40.4644095808383;-89.0058706586827
Noiseless, motionless, seemingly shapeless object hovers over rooftops around midnight.;2006-05-08 23:10:00;1:10;Noiseless, motionless, seemingly shapeless object hovers over rooftops around midnight. At approximately 11:10 pm on 5/8/06, I had just arrived at work.  I heard my fellow employees calling for another employee to come outside to see something.  A few minutes later, another employee came in and asked if me and a few others if we wanted to see a blimp.   We walked outside, and approximately 500 feet in front of me, and approximately 500-1000 feet in the air (about the height of an average radio tower), we saw three lights in a triangular formation (one green light on top, two white lights below).  On of the lights might have been flashing slowly.  There was no silouette or object that we could make out for them to be connected to, it was as black as the night sky.  Below, but from our view unconnected to the lights, was a flat, bottomside of a rectangle, which was not necessarily illuminated, but had a grayish tint to it (like it was reflecting the moon, kind of thing), and it didn't appear to be connected to anything.  The object was motionless.  We watched it for approximately 10 minutes without it moving, and the night was silent.  It seemed that the employees who had called it a blimp were assuming that's what it was because there was no solid shape, outline, or reflection (other than the previously mentioned rectangle) to be seen.  It did NOT look like a blimp. I went back inside to call my husband who was working at another worksite about 1.5-2 miles north and east of me, and asked him if he could see anything.  He informed me that others were already going outside to look at something, and that he would go check as soon as he could.  He was unable to go out for apprx. 30 minutes, but when he did, was able to see a side view of lights.  I assumed what I was seeing was a rear view because when I went back outside to check on it around midnight, it was about 1000 feet away instead of 500 feet. I was able to find a website that had blimp schedules for 2006, and there were no scheduled blimp flights in our area for May at all, as they were all in the South for golf tournaments and the Kentucky Derby.  There was no sound or motion to indicate a jet or helicopter.   Having grown up on a Navy base in S. California, I am quite familiar with all kinds of aircraft, and the sounds that they make...even the Stealth fighters and bombers make some noise.  This object made no noise, had little to no movement, and had no form.   Those of us who observed this object at my workplace had mixed opinions as to what this object was, ranging from a military experiment to UFO's, but we were all clear that the object was NOT a blimp.  I did not see it leave, although an employee that works with my husband reported seeing it, looking away for a moment, then looking back at it, and it was missing from the sky.;40.4644095808383;-89.0058706586827
Bright Vertical Light Beams (no visible craft);2008-01-01 23:00:00;15 seconds;Bright Vertical Light Beams (no visible craft) Witnessed a bright, vertical beam of light on two occasions in rural areas of Central Illinois.  I would estimate both to be around 10 yards wide. c. 1996 (Mackinaw, IL 60 seconds, from 1/2 mile away.)   2008 Winter (Bloomington, IL 15 seconds, from 1/4 mile away.)   Immediately after the second sighting, I searched the internet and didn't find any close matches.   Recently, I thought about searching again and found what appear to be 2 exact video matches and 1 written match. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5W1GFpuUTc&sns=em  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNiJ_UeVkSo&sns=em  http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20090127231931AAWjFcb   Any credible theories out there, either man-made or other? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));40.4644095808383;-89.0058706586827
White on camera/purple off camera lights floating in the sky.;2012-07-23 22:55:00;20-25 minutes;white on camera/purple off camera lights floating in the sky. On 07/23/2012 at 22:55 pm I was at an assigned post watching the CCTV camera's of the building I was guarding, at 22:55 pm I looked at the camera for the parking lot that faced I noticed a white light floating obove the tree line going in a right hand direction, the whtie light was too larger to be an airplane or a helicopter as the white light was going right in then shot strait up in a vertical direction and shoot strait back down, at 23:00 I observed a gap in the tree line that was completely dark and then there appeared to be a huge round white light that appeared in the gap in the trees. at 23:05 I noticed a third white light shining slightly obove the trees as well as the first bright white light going back and forth above the tree line, I went out side of the building at 23:10 in an attempt to see if what I was seeing was real but when I went outside the lights were not white but a light purple color, the appeared white on the CCTV because it was a bl! ack and white camera. I went back to continue to monter the CCTV camera for that part of the parking lot and the white lights/puple lights were still moving in and out and up and down out of the tree lines. I signed off my post at 23:30 and went down the road were the lights were and there was nothing there.;40.4644095808383;-89.0058706586827
