Two or more military jets appeared to try an intercept a huge triangular craft.;2013-03-07 19:45:00;10-25;Two or more military jets appeared to try an intercept a huge triangular craft Tonight we heard what sounded like low jets roaring through the sky.  At first we just commented on how low they must be, but once we heard them again only seconds later, we headed outside to check things out.   The first thing we saw seemed to be a very high and extremely fast jet.  It was going at an extrodonary rate of speed!   Within a few seconds we saw another one behind it.   They came back from the other direction this time and then again crossed back across the sky.  They seemed to be in pursuit of something, but we didn't see anything.   Suddenly we realized that they were both heading toward the exact same point.  It looked as if they were going to collide!  It really felt like we were watching an action movie!  After appearing to very narrowly miss each other, one of the objects began to zigzag.  It was a very strange sight.  At this time both of them crossed the sky again and flew out of sight. While we watched them disappeared we saw another different kind of craft appear.  We didn't see which direction it came from and it was almost like it appeared out of nowhere.  It didn't make a sound like the others had, and it was traveling in the opposite direction.  It was obviously huge!  It was very high in the sky yet was still twenty or more times the size of a star.  It had lights--three prominent ones that seemed to form a triangle.  The lights seemed to alternate with blue in one spot at times and red and white at other times.  It made its way smoothly through the air.  It was a totally different looking form of flight than the other crafts we saw before.  We watched until it disappeared, which felt like forever. I immediately went inside and sent out a text to close family members(at the risk of sounding totally crazy) and informed them that we had just seen a ufo and what looked like military jets attempting to intercept it.  I expected to get a few lol responses, but instead got a phone call from my sister who had also seen a strange occurrence in the sky probably 45 minutes before us.  She described seeing a large object in the sky that she couldn't quite place, and said that it just disappeared right before her eyes.  It startled her to the point of calling her husband right away. What we saw tonight was unlike anything I've ever seen.  I felt sick to my stomach and there was a sense of urgency in the air.  At one point I asked my husband if I needed to go inside and gather the children in a safer location.   I guess we'll never hear about it on the news or even find out what was really going on, but I believe we witnessed a ufo and attempted military intervention. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and she seemed to us to be exceptionally capable.  We suspect that she is an excellent witness.  PD));34.3306;-82.333
