Huge Suacer or Disc, Cumberland Falls in Corbin Kentucky 1988 or 1989;1988-06-01 01:00:00;2 Min;Huge Suacer or Disc, Cumberland Falls in Corbin Kentucky 1988 or 1989 In 1988 Myself and my girlfriend at the time and now my X wife and friend was hanging out Cumberland Falls as we always did late at night talking. We were at the overlook and what is nicknamed lovers Leep awaiting a chance to glimpse the Moonbow under the full moon when we noticed the extremely huge object that covered so much of an area it was unbelievable. It was monstrously large in size, The night skies where so bright with the moon we could view every inch of this thing that was presented to us. It was coming in at treetop level from the other side of the river toward Somerset and barely or slowly moving and made no sound at all. Needless to say we where stunned and stood there looking at this thing until it came to a complete stop over the center of the river and still due to its size and us kind of being in a valley we could not see the whole thing at once and it was right there, Right in our face and larger than any object that we have seen in our lives. The only way to describe it is just like the saucer that you would have seen in the movie V With the exception of the lights in the bottom.  But I am not embarrassed to say when it stop and we where underneath this thing that had rows of lights from big to small encircling each but not bright though just enough to light up the area around them where you could see the surface of the material this thing was made out of.  I yelled for everyone to run and we ran without stopping back to our vehicle, which in itself is a good distance. Once we started, believe me we where so scared that we did not even look back and was very happy to see our vehicle. We sat there in the car for a while and waited for people to be scrambling every where, We knew someone had to see this thing due to its size, We knew that hundreds had to view it because it was so big. But that never happened and after about 30 minutes a Park Ranger was making his rounds through the parking lot in his vehicle and being as excited as we where we ran him down and asked! if he h ad seen it. And this was after we informed him that we had not been drinking. He said no he had not seen it and immediately started telling us about a ghost that he has seen on the bridge that is located above the falls and I knew at that time that we where in the middle of a wasted conversation.  That has been many years ago and I never thought about putting it on the web until now when I was searching to see if there were any other sightings around that time. This could have even been 1989 but I am about positive it was 88. And believe me people this was nothing man made and it still scares me to this day thinking back on it with my friend that saw it with me as it did my X she never did like thinking about it. What I would like to know is they’re anyone else around that area that may have seen this thing on that night? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));36.9364974358974;-84.0902089743591
