Vanished from our very eyes!!;1999-06-30 01:00:00;7-10 minutes;Vanished from our very eyes!! My husband and I were working and living in Baxter, KY, at this time and were in visiting my mother, who lived at this time just off Cumberland Falls Hwy, which is where we both grew up. My husband was raised literally at the mouth of The Dainel Boone National Forest in the Rose Town Community area.  He grew up in those woods.  Camping, fishing and hunting since he was a young kid.  I was very impressed when we first met with his knowledge of the area. We had only been married a few years, and altho we had already experienced many adventurous exploits in this beautiful area, we had never encountered anything in our lives of this outrageous proportion!  When one witnesses something like this I don't believe they ever forget. It was getting late and we were just out driving enjoying our time together.  Our young son was with grandma where we always stayed when we got to come on to visit. My husband still remembers the exact spot.  This is a remote area, no homes, no electric, nothing but trees, water and nature for miles. My husband was driving and I was talking when he said, What is that with a alarmed kind of tone I said what's what?  Oftentimes, he would see Wildlife that I would miss from talking and or looking off somewhere else. There's some kind of huge light over through there pointing ahead of us and toward the left.  For a minute or so we didn't see it and then there it was up on the distance. We drove at a normal rate of speed to be on gravel, all the while talking and wondering to each other what it could be.  We were both I think nervous somewhat, but too curious to turn back.  The what seemed to be a solid white super bright light keep getting larger and more visible the closer we drove. We were like What is thatand probley what's going on here.We still weren't sure what we were witnessing until we got right up on it as we dropped around and down over a pretty steep curve,and there it was big a light as big as a Volkswagen and so bright it lit up all the trees just below it.  It was just right above the big trees that were growing near the edge of the road. I don't know why we thought what we thought or why we said and did what we did next but we did and we are both still alive today so we feel blessed and grateful that things went as they did especially from that point on. My husband said,  Should I turn the car off?  I said no just kill the light's we had already rolled the windows down and there was absolutely no sound! Crazy,..We had also slowed down to just be able to get a grasp I guess on this once in a lifetime experience, but the second that my husband turned off the headlights IT WAS  GONE!!  But where too. It didn't make a start up sound we didn't see it flying off through the sky.  Nothing just vanished the exact moment that our headlights were turned off.Vanished..  There wasn't any talk between my husband and I for a bit because my husband turned those headlights right back on and we were probley a half a mile away from that spot in what seemed like a fishtailing, gravel flying second. We have told this too many friends and family members through the years really in hopes that they would broaden their views on life that exist probley on many other planets and if ever they should find themselves doubting or any of their own children someday maybe they will always remembe remember our story and convince future generations to believe and take a interest on knowing the truth that we are not alone. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.9364974358974;-84.0902089743591
Strange vanilla star-like light descends over yard.;2003-09-17 21:00:00;7-9 seconds;Strange vanilla star-like light descends over yard. I was out on the deck star gazing around 9:20 PM. Suddenly, out of nowhere a beautiful bright vanilla star about the same size and color Mars is at the moment appeared very close overhead in the north sky and started to smoothly descend towards me. It was a steady light, moving deliberately and did not seem to be a falling star or comet. There was no noise. The speed at which it decended is hard to describe as it was as if it was a controlled speed, not really fast or slow but very smooth and deliberate. It came in so close to the yard it was level with the high treetops. Although at first I was mesmerized by it's beauty, the closer it got to me, I became terrified, ran to the glassed in deck door, tore it open and backed in, never taking my eyes off it. I know this sounds crazy but it was as if the light could sense my fear and retreated backwards until it faded from view. It looked like a bright star with a hard, almost diamond-like  brilliant center surrounded by a softer glow of the same color. Also, at the risk of sounding absolutely bonkers, the reason why I got so frightened was, I felt like it would have come right down to me if I hadn't gotten out of the way. I went out later several times to see if it was still in the area, but I didn't see it again. I live in the country near Daniel Boone State Park.;36.9364974358974;-84.0902089743591
