I saw a disk-shaped craft with blinking lights of all colors right outside my window!;1987-08-15 02:00:00;split second;I saw a disk-shaped craft with blinking lights of all colors right outside my window! I had stayed at home from school that day and watched tv in my room all day.  My parents came home, we ate, and we all went to bed.  My tv was still on at this time.  As I was laying in bed, my tv turned off.  I immediately grabbed the remote thinking that I had rolled over on it.  I hit the power button and nothing happened.  I then thought that my tv tube must be gone since I had it on all day.  I got up and walked over to the tv and tried to turn it on manually and nothing happened.  I tried to turn on the stereo beside it and, again, nothing happened.  I then had an overwhelming feeling that someone was watching me, maybe even playing a trick on me.  I was then drawn to my bedroom window which looked out to the next door neighbor's house.  I began to open the blinds and as soon as they were open enough for me to get a glimpse outside, there it was.  Hovering outside my window between our house and our neighbor's house was a disk-shaped craft with all different colored lights blinking on and off in rythym.  As soon as I got a slight glimpse at this craft, it took off at the speed of light.  I pulled the cord to my blinds and raised them as quick as I could.  By the time I got them raised enough to look into the sky, I saw a speck of light moving away from me and then it dissappeared.  I stood there for a minute stunned and trying to figure out what had just happened.  I then let the blinds down and reached to turn the tv on.  To my suprise it came on with no problem.  Thinking that I must have been dreaming, I wrote a note to my parents and left it on the kitchen table.  The note said that I had seen ufo and that if they got this note to wake me up.  My mother woke me up in the morning and asked what had happened!;33.7311;-85.131
My TV went off and I felt that something or someone was fooling with me and watching me;1991-11-01 21:00:00;2-3 minutes;My TV went off and I felt that something or someone was fooling with me and watching me Around the fall of 1991, as a teenager, I had stayed home from school by telling my parents that I was sick.  I stayed in bed most of the day watching TV.  My mother came home from work at the ordinary time and cooked dinner.  We all ate and then I went back to my room and continued to watch the TV, that had not been turned off all day.  As it began to get later and dark outside, my parents went to bed and I continued to watch TV.  Here is where my encounter began.  I don’t remember what show was on, but I do remember that I was beginning to doze off while watching TV around 11PM or so.  All of the sudden, my television turned off.  I immediately assumed that I had rolled over on the remote and accidentally turned it off.  I grabbed the remote and hit the power button, but nothing happened.  I then thought that either the tube was shot from being on all day or that after I rolled over on the remote and turned off the TV that the battery must have gone dead in the remote.  I then got up out of bed and walked over to the TV.  I reached down and pressed the power button on the TV and nothing happened.  I then figured that the tube was gone and reached over to my stereo, which was in the same entertainment center, and pressed the power button.  Again, nothing happened.  I thought, it could have been a power outage but the only problem with that is that both my TV and stereo had a “standby” light which was red and signified that the units were receiving power.  Both lights were lit.  At this time I started to get a feeling that someone or something was “fooling” with me and I had a feeling that I was being watched.  I had two windows in my room.  One was facing the front yard and street, and the other was facing our next door neighbor’s house which was probably 50 to 60 feet from our house.  Something inside me told me to look out of the window that was facing my next door neighbor.  Both of my windows had blinds and both blinds were closed.  I stepped over the window facing my neighbor and began to roll open the blinds.  As soon as the blinds opened just enough for me to get a glimpse of the yard, I saw a disc-shaped object hovering over the ground right outside my window!  Although I didn’t get to see this object long, I will never forget what I saw.  There were blinking lights of all colors around the rim of the disc and I couldn’t hear a sound that it was making.  As soon as I got a glimpse of this object, it took off flying straight up in the air.  It took off so quick that it startled me even further, but my interest was on high alert and I wanted to know what this was.  I then pulled the string down so that the blinds would open completely.  When the blinds were open, I looked up to the sky and I saw this object, now just a speck in the night sky, suddenly disappear!  I stood there for a few moments trying to make sense of what had just happened.  After I regained my senses, I reached over and pressed the power button on the TV and it came on!  I immediately thought to myself that I must be dreaming, so I went into the dining room which was adjacent to my bedroom and wrote a note to my mother that said, “wake me up if you get this note, I saw a UFO”.  I then went to bed and figured if I had dreamed this, she would never get the note.  She did get the note, and woke me up in the morning.  I was a football player, a very smart student.  Although I had drank alcohol maybe once or twice on an experimental basis with my friends, I had NEVER used any kind of drugs, nor had I EVER experienced any episode of hallucination.  This really happened and I would sware to it!  When I told my mother what had happened, she didn’t tell me that she did not believe me but I could tell that she probably didn’t want me to tell anyone else this story.  I really didn’t want to tell anyone anyway because the story sounded so “crazy” and I didn’t want people to think that I was delusional.  I did tell a couple of select people over the next year or so, and got the reaction that I thought that I would get, so I kind of forgot about it.  I joined the Army a few years later, and when I was in training in Colorado, I told a friend of mine this story and he proceeded to tell me a similar story from when he was a teenager in Utah.  It involved his truck stalling out in the middle of nowhere and he then witnessed a UFO hovering over his truck.  It took off just as quickly as the one I saw did and then his truck became operable again.  After he told me this, I became a little more comfortable telling this story and began telling more people.  I attempted to tell my story on one of these websites once before a few years ago, but it was not as user friendly as your site and I don’t think it went through.  Just about an hour ago, I saw a show on the history channel about USO’s, which led me to google “UFO sitings”, which led me to your site and I decided to go ahead and put my story on here.  I am a sales manager for a Toyota dealership.  I am a very intelligent person and my family and friends often look to me for advice on lots of things.  I come from a family that taught me to tell the truth, even when it hurts.  I come from a middle-class family which is a very conventional, church-going, don’t make any waves type of family.  I don’t want to overstate this, but this is the TRUTH. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));33.7311;-85.131
