Red light over East Peoria, IL;2012-05-04 20:30:00;2 minutes;Red light over East Peoria, IL Saw a red light rising from behind the top of the tree line.  At first I thought it was like one of those mini fireworks but it didn't explode like I thought it would.  Then I thought maybe a flare but it doesn't brighten up the sky even though it was dusk also this flare didn't arch and fall to the ground but instead what seemed like it hovered over in my direction, I didn't even see a Contrail..   Called my wife over because I thought maybe I was imagining things.  Just hovered in a straight line toward my direction and it had to have been high because I couldn't make out the shape.  Just a solid red light and barely any visible white light just on the edge of the red light aura area.   Then it just hovered and then it seemed to like get dimmer and dimmer and then disappeared over head, I don't know if either it was rising where it went so high you can't see the lights anymore or just that the lights were turned off.  Not many clouds around and the sky was! pretty clear. Background of me and my wife.  I was In the USAF from 1998-2002, AFSC (Air Force Specialty Code) ((code deleted for anonymity purposes)).  I have seen a F117 fly, seen a Delta Missle Launch, and a Minute Man foot shot in Vadenberg AFB.  I currently am a ((deleted--aviation-related)) specialist or ((deleted)) Specialist.  My wife just moved here from another country in ((date deleted)).;40.6731;-89.5514
Trapezoid object over I-74 E between E. Peoria and Morton, IL approx. 7AM.;2016-12-21 07:08:00;2-3 minutes;Trapezoid object over I-74 E between E. Peoria and Morton, IL approx. 7AM. Traveling to work at about 7:08 AM on 74-E, between East Peoria and Morton, IL, I happened to notice an object in the sky.  It appeared to be trapezoid shaped and barely moving, if moving at all, not far from almost directly above me and at about half the height the normal flying height of an airplane.  It seemed aluminum silver in color and it was either angled so that it was catching a reflection from the morning sun or there was a light on 1/3 of the bottom of the craft.   After first spotting something in the sky, I put on my glasses to get a better look to see if I could decipher what it was.  Seeing that I still could not identify the object, I continued to watch it.  It seemed to be stationary.  I watched it for a few minutes, or at least the best as I could while driving, and it did not move.   I approached a big green overhead highway sign which momentarily obscured my view.  When I was able to see unobstructed again, which was a millisecond, the object was gone.  I scanned the sky and found nothing.  I hoped that a workmate traveling on the same route saw the same thing.   After getting to work I approached the specific workmate and asked if he saw something strange in the sky.  He looked at me surprised and relieved and told me that he had watched the same strange object in the sky until it disappeared suddenly and was hoping that someone else had seen it too so that he didn't seem crazy when he told his UFO account.  I had hoped to see or hear something on the TV or radio, but didn't.;40.6731;-89.5514
