Triangle UFO, very large craft.  I have photographs of lights that were symmetrical to each other, can see the layout of the lights!;2013-10-19 21:30:00;~30 minutes;Triangle UFO, very large craft.  I have photographs of lights that were symmetrical to each other, can see the layout of the lights! Night was very clear sky and were were having my Mom/Dad annual Halloween event that includes hay ride / spook house for their church.  My wife had went back to our house which is a wrap around porch style house.  I went to look for her and as I walked up she casually said check out the UFO I have been watching.  Before I explain the details I will tell you this.  I live under the north west corridor flight path for hartsfield international airport in Atlanta.  I have witnessed these planes all of my life and you always here their jet engines as they pass by.  We also have dobbins air force base but 95% of the time these fly really low, not sure if its a requirement since commercial traffic is on approach through our area.  That being said I know visual distance of a plane and something higher.  It is very rare to see a plane at full altitude here because it would be random event and flight path would have to take it directly over our house.  I am also an en! gineer by trade.  Back to UFO.  There were 3 distinct lights in a triangle format.  I watched it move (was traveling north west to south east) for about 5 min.  I had just received my new note 3 phone from work, so pulled it out because it was the only photo device I had close at this time.  I zoomed in as far as I could get and took pictures.  The bad thing is, by the time I took the picture the leading light had disappeared.  It was not a cloud it simply turned off.  My pictures show the other 2 lights.  We saw another distant object that my wife had been monitoring for 30 min. It seemed to be far away about a foot above the tree line as far as our vision dimensions are concerned.  Trees were about 50 feet away and are about 35 feet tall.  It stayed stationary and I thought maybe it was a star or possibly something easily explainable.  It was very bright and after seeing it for 10 min it was gone.  The stationary one didn't excite me that much, it was the other one that f! lew over my house.  I would guess the distance of this object ! was 8-10 miles.  Well above typical jet flight path.  Lights were VERY bright.  It wasn't until I looked at the pictures about 15 min later that the hair stood up on my neck.  When you zoom into the picture to the lights, they have a very geometric pattern.  Like I said I got 2 of the lights in the photo as the 3rd had turned off but what is very exciting is the opposite light had the opposite layout.  I thought well maybe this was a pixelating thing where the new phone would allow you to zoom way way in, but this is not the case.  I tested by taking pictures of passing jet lights and of the moon which was very bright.  I cannot zoom into the pixel level at all.  The lights had a L shape as far as the brightest portions but then they curved back in some, if you can imagine a digital 8 that you see on a calculator.  It looked like that but the L portion was very bright and got progressively dimmer on the remainder of the 8.  Also again the other light was exactly opposite or symmetri! cally flipped.  I have never witnessed a UFO in my life so I am not one to jump at anything I see and would have simply passed it off as nothing had I not had this photographic evidence that shocked me.;34.1626;-85.1456
