Distinct Craft, huge bottom of the craft light, specific color light goes off and dissapears after 2 minutes, no flashing lights.;2009-05-20 22:30:00;5 min;Distinct Craft, huge bottom of the craft light, specific color light goes off and dissapears after 2 minutes, no flashing lights. I was witnessing a number of what looked like falling stars at first until the number became completely unreasonable.  I saw 5 in less than 10 minutes then a number of craft in the distance that I could not make out so I went and retrieved my camera.  I take photo’s of objects at night usually with the shutter staying open for as long as 15 seconds which gives me a number of colors especially the flashing of lights from planes or from the P3’s that land in Brunswick Maine you can get their head lights pointing directly at the hill my home is located at but on this night after about 25 minutes of taking pictures and still seeing many more objects in the sky than normal I turned to my left an at between 2,000 and probably no more than 4,000 ft a craft with the brightest light directly on the bottom of the craft with a color I have not seen before.  I turned and fixed my camera on the light, it appeared to be oval but the light made it hard to make out the exact shape and it lasted long enough for me to take 4 pictures with the shutter lasting about 10 – 15 seconds and then the light went off with no flashing lights at all and my eyes unable to adjust to the light I lost track of the object.  I have 3 pictures of the light and 1 picture just as it went off.  I am trying to see if I can filter out and see the object just after the light went out.  No plane I know especially that low and size turns off all its lights.  There was no sound that I could hear.  The craft was moving slower than many other crafts that normally fly in this area but over the last 5 years this is only the second craft to be this low and close to my home, the other was a P3 and loud with flashing lights and two head lights.  This again with one large light lit up and the color being very distinct.  I have many flashing light pictures and this is the only one of this color and that basically disappeared.  I immediately flashed my camera lights and with hopes of it returning stayed for 45 minutes and no lights ever came back on, the wave of craft up HIGH stopped and the regular night time traffic of jets resumed which you can always hear even at 20,000 feet or more and their lights again are very specific.  I have no doubt this was a craft and not a normal craft for our area.  Thank you  May 20, 2009;44.022;-70.1168
2nd time in 4 nights a Craft with a brightness with slight blue hue passed over Lisbon Maine.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS overflight.  PD));2009-05-24 21:45:00;4 minutes;2nd time in 4 nights a Craft with a brightness with slight blue hue passed over Lisbon, Maine, 3 pictures to be uploaded from 1st night Incredibly bright, slow moving craft with a light on the bottom of the Craft.  This is the Second time this craft has passed over or near my home in 4 nights.  This time it was about 200 yards further south but still about the same height, 2,000 to 4,000 feet. This night I was looking West for the craft about the same time as earlier in the week.  Just as I was heading in to the house I sighted it coming towards my home through trees and a field west of my home.  I watched it approach and on this night I had hooked up a Mirror to reflect the headlights of my truck to see if I could get a reaction. Again the craft made no noise at all, the light was so bright it looked like a star and after passing my home it traveled about 2 minutes or maybe 5 miles or so when it turned out the light.  No flashing lights accept the one light on the bottom.  The light dimmed and as it faded I again could not make out the outline of the outer part of the craft keeping me from getting the full extent of the size. Last night it did not come by 22:10 so I went in but on the next clear night I will be again looking to see if it returns. Thank you  ((initials deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  ISS overflight.  PD));44.022;-70.1168
