What I noticed first was a large shadow cover the ground I was traveling I-43 north toward Milwaukee, Wi. in a semi tractor/trailer now;1998-11-16 18:00:00;7-8min;What I noticed first was a large shadow cover the ground I was traveling I-43 north toward Milwaukee, Wi. in a semi tractor/trailer now I have many a night. This was the most incredible night, as the shadow moved across the sky I thought it was a low flying plane in trouble but then as it past over me I still could not make out what was happening. I then saw what looked like a heat signture traveling west to east on a very clear night. as I was driving I was listening to WGN radio in Chicago It was the last night of the metor shower as I saw this travel east it was 3-5 degree above the horizon traveling what seemed to be out of sight then the sun caught the object as it moved I could begin to make out the shape of a very large wedge shaped ship very very large ship metalic in color as the sun caught it turned to the left paralell to the horizon with a slight lift to the outter wing it had several turbines on each wing with some sort of cabin in the center of! the wings like a flying wedge as it turned it came into focus very well, then sat stationary and began shooting green fireballs ot of its engines travling what seem to be north to south. About that time the Host on WGN began to get a whole bunch of calls about what they were seeing. I changed stations to WTMJ in Milw Wi and also they were receiving many calls and Gen. Mitchell airport was also aware of what was going on. As I traveled northeast on I-43 I lost sight of this very large ship.Then a peron called on the CB radio and was wondering if anybody else saw that(what he saw)this night was very documented as I found out tonight by google, tonight. I have dicussed this night with many others but never reported just what I saw that night. Well I just did. amazing simpily amazing. These orb like lights that I saw where very large and green balls of a plasma like substance.;42.5977;-88.753
Very unusual sighting... red blinking. I stopped on the side of the road and had to take some pics and video footage, I've never seen a;2017-12-23 18:20:00;7 minutes +/-;Very unusual sighting... red blinking.  I stopped on the side of the road and had to take some pics and video footage, I've never seen anything like it.;42.5977;-88.753
