Triangle shaped with bright white light made no sound;2005-07-27 22:00:00;5 minutes;Triangle shaped with bright white light made no sound One night my husband, son and I were outside letting the dogs out when he saw a bright object in the sky.  Out first thought was that we were seeing Mars, although  it appeared to be too bright to be Mars.  The object then appeared to be moving closer from a westerly direction.  As it slowly approached it changed directions to a northeasterly direction.  It had one very bright central light and two red blinking lights.  The object then moved almost directly overhead at an altitude of roughly 1000 feet.  This particular night was perfectly clear with no wind at all.  As it approached we waited for some type of engine noise, but as went overhead it was absolutely silent.  It then proceded to the east and out of our sight.  The three lights on the object outlined a triangular shape. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.4971;-97.7330000000001
Huge Triangle;2008-07-25 23:00:00;<1 minute;Huge Triangle While stargazing with my 8 inch Dobsonian telescope, me, my wife, and a friend noticed what appeared at first to be 2 aircraft flying in formation with one trailing the other.  The objects had a triangular white light pattern with a red strobe between the two objects closer to the front.  The first object was smaller in size than the second object.  I managed to track the formation with my telescope for a couple of seconds and it appeared to be one object shaped like an isosceles triangle.  If it were 2 aircraft then I would have noticed irregularities in the distance between the two, but there was no lateral movement between the two, they kept a very static distance between them.  I believe the shape was distorted because it appeared to be between 2 to 5 miles to my South. The red strobe seemed to be huge and I could faintly see the outline of the back end in the telescope.  The object moved across the entire sky in less than one minute without making a sound.  When I held my fingers up at arm’s length the object seemed to take up 3 fingers worth of sky.  If I were to estimate the height I would guess that it was probably between 5,000 and 10,000 feet up.  I have never seen an aircraft of this size in the sky. We live near Tinker AFB and have seen just about every aircraft in the inventory.  This thing was way bigger than a C-5 galaxy and moved much faster without making a sound. The object was moving in an ESE direction. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));35.4971;-97.7330000000001
I have lived in yukon all my life. I was 17 when this occurred and will take what me and a friend seen to the grave. we sneeked outside;2008-09-01 11:00:00;20 minutes;I have lived in yukon all my life.  I was 17 when this occurred and will take what me and a friend seen to the grave. we sneeked outside the side of his house in his garage ge lived in to smoke a cigarette when halo 3 first came out and we were playing xbox live all night. well we seen a bright orange yellow light in the sky. I belive its the neighboorhood between ranchwood and mustang road we were in but it was traveling from the old mill towards the highway. not sure the first entrance to his neighboorhood but its by the old little ceasers. so I know we walked a block down as we were perplexed by the strange glow of the craft. now this I know for a fact we were standing on cambridge street under the street lamp as it flew DIRECtLy over our head o my god it was amazeing. it had three 3 rockets on the back of it and was dead silent. it was thick like a brick as we could see it didnt taper off like a planes wings. it looked like something straight out of star wars. it was HUGE I have tryed reporting this before. my gf at the time worked at mcdonalds on main street and she told me cops were there that night talking about something strange in the sky later that night when we talked. but what gets me is I immediatley called the pd with my friend and they called us back saying wiley post reported no aircraft in the area yet... right after we seen the craft after we got off the phone with the pd another fried a block or two away was drinking at a party and got a ride home and called me to tell me he seen a bunch of green orbs go flying in the sky from ground level like foreflies lighting fast all swarming and comeing from some bright oramge red light I assume its what WE saw. now he was with another kid that drowned in a lake and died last year in texas who seen it also and they GOT PULLED over and ASKED if they seen anything strange in the sky. based on this and the other report I see on here that year around that time im convinced ! that there is some sort of far more  complex superior futureis! tic tech nology via be it top secret or alien in origin I have seen it with my own two hands and god whatever he may be blessed me and my friend with it flying so close over our heads im positive as it was traveling over head I could have hit it with my .308 bolt action. it was so queit it sounded like a slow bunson burner or torch on low honestly the wind from the tress and the neighboorhood dogs were louder it defied physics something that big of a mass of triangle going as slow as it did should have stalled and crashed. yet as it flew over the streetlamp the lamp seemed to grow much brighter and the wind died down as it flew off into the distance towards lake overholser. I dont know if anything extreme happend as I dont know the origin but I belive we seen this thing much closer than anyone else did that night amd there 3 of us left to confirm this it was real and theres no denying that. I am just amazed to know that we are atleast not an iscolated group to have seen it that night! and also amazed that atleast 100 people didnt see it because although it was LATE at night and it WAS silent it was a VERY populated area and somethimg like that triangle would be VERY hard to ignore or miss. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));35.4971;-97.7330000000001
UFO triangle composed of spheres sighting over Yukon, Oklahoma;2020-07-11 02:40:00;3-4 seconds;UFO triangle composed of spheres sighting over Yukon, Oklahoma In the early morning hours of Saturday, July  11 ,2020 at 2:40 a.m.  My son and I were sitting on my back patio chatting and watching for satellites.  My son said “ look ” ,  what he thought was a formation of birds approaching was actually a dull glowing triangle composed of three spheres that flew directly across our field of view.   The craft’s  design  had two spheres  on the bottom and one on the top.  They  were even spaced a few feet apart with no connecting structure being visible. This craft was traveling swift and silently on a straight line course from SE to NW .  Flight was steady and without any rotation or spin.  This craft was in flight at an altitude that I estimate to be 200 to 300 feet,  thus  placing this craft relatively closer than many other sightings.  The spheres each had a very faint internal illumination resembling the dull matte glow of a paper lantern.  At first I thought this was moonshine on the craft as there was a first quarter moon that had risen early to our backs and behind us , however, my son verified witnessing  this internal light source. As far as size.  I would estimate the craft to be no bigger than a full size pick up or van.  My son watched this approach and I watched it from the mid way point until it disappeared.  This was about 3 to 4 seconds of viewing time.   Estimating speed could be difficult ,  I would say that maybe take off speed of an Air Force jet.  I have a somewhat wide view of the sky and 3 to 4 seconds of passing flight time could be a close estimate.  We both watched this event happen and this was not a drone , balloons or aircraft of any type that I have ever seen.  This was a self propelled craft moving swiftly and silently going somewhere and we just happen to be in the right place at the right time.;35.4971;-97.7330000000001
