interstate 5 ufo;1999-07-23 23:45:00;2 minutes;we were driving to go to kings canyon national park and we had just got onto highway 198 east towards visalia,on the right hand side right near the harris ranch airfield we saw this craft flying low with muticolor lights,at first thought it was a helicopter or crop duster,but that late at night what would they be doing? anyways the craft flew up over the highway and it then looked like a triangle with 3 bright white lights,no sound and it came back across the highway and flew back over to the harris ranch airfield and kept heading south and then disappeared. i have seen many reports of this interstate 5 ufo on this site,that is what jogged my memory.;36.1624;-120.3489
triangular object with 3 huge spotlights chasing our vehicle on the freeway;2002-08-16 02:00:00;3 minutes;triangular object with 3 huge spotlights chasing our vehicle on the freeway I was driving south on I-5 just before Coalinga....near the slaughter house, when I saw a bright row of 3 lights swooping down as if it was landing parallel to the freeway on the northbound side.  I thought it was a crop duster plane or something. It then lifted back up, as if it was aborting its landing and made a complete about face while flickering the row of 3 lights on and off...the lights were brighter than halogen and when they were off there was a small red and blue light.  I was thinking it was gone but woke up my husband to tell him what I saw.  While I weas waking him up it came directly at me at only a height of 2-3 stories, and flicked its lights off and on in my eyes almost making me not be able to drive.  I thought for sure it was trying to land on the freeway ...it then about faced again, at which time my husband awakened...i told him nervously we were being chased by a UFO...as I finished the explanation of what I saw he said you mean THAT? and it was directly above my...spotlighting me and literally chasing us at an extreme low altitude.  We came up on an overpass and we were sure it was going to hit it.  I accelerated to avoid the impact, and the craft dodged the overpass...followed us a moment longer then immediately almost disspeared.  It had a stealth like shape...and was almost paper thin...with huge lights on the front and maneuvered like no conventional craft.  We are thinking of reporting this to the highway patrol. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke to this witness at length and found her to be a highly credible source.  PD));36.1624;-120.3489
previously reported triangular craft flying low over Interstate 5;2004-07-12 22:15:00;10 minutes;previously reported triangular craft flying low over Interstate 5 On the night of July 12, 2004, my family and I embarked on a road trip from the San Francisco Bay Area to New Mexico.  While travelling south on Interstate-5 in the central valley of California, at about 10:15 pm, we encountered the I-5 UFO phenomenon that has been reported to NUFORC several times since at least the year 2000.  It was a triangular aircraft flying a repetitive aerobatic pattern over the interstate and swooping down very low over traffic, creating a hazard to all who were driving. We saw it as we approached from 2 to 3 miles away, and were amazed at it's agility and audacity right from the start.  It occurred 28 miles north of Highway 198 at the intersection of I-5 and the overpass of Manning Avenue.  The aircraft's maneuvers were incredible, but not beyond human capability.  The craft flew a fast, distinct, unchanging pattern over the interstate and overpass, swooping down to an unbelievably low level over the freeway traffic.  We and every other vehicle around us slowed down to observe it, and once underneath it, we hoped we wouldn't get hit.  We drove past the overpass, which was remote and had no exit/entrance ramps and then parked on the shoulder about 100 yards south of it, right below the pattern that the aircraft was flying.  My wife and I tried hard to get a good look, but it was very dark no moon and no city lights anywhere near us. The craft seemed to be triangular, yet not an equilateral triangle.  It was shaped more like a Vulcan bomber the wings formed a wide delta, yet their leading edge intersected the fuselage well behind the nose.  I could not make out the profile of the nose, yet I could see the profile of a vertical tail fin.  The vertical height of the fuselage seemed thin, but not too thin for a human pilot.  It's lights were completely unconventional no strobe, no red and green position lights, no navigation light.  It just had 3 big bright circular halogen white lights, about 12-18 in diameter one under the nose, and one at each wingtip.  The nose light would turn off and then turn back on.  They all shined down and forward about 45 degrees, and were built into the body they weren't fixtures hanging down.  They put out an ambient glow onto the fuselage, which was a very pale tan or grey.  There were no other markings and no landing gear visible.  Unlike previous reports of this phenomenon to NUFORC, which described a silent craft, (and I don't discount them), this craft made a lot of noise.  In fact, it sounded like it had a single jet engine.  As it approached, it made a whining, hissing sound, which turned into a roar as it passed, yet not as loud or fast as a corporate or fighter jet.  The craft maintained a speed of about 80 to 100 mph throughout it's maneuvers.  A high-performance engine might explain how it made steep climbs and 90 degree banking turns without stalling or losing speed. It flew a repetitive kidney-bean shaped pattern above the freeway intersection with the overpass.  It dived down and flew 15'-20' above the I-5 traffic, climbed up, hung a U-turn, then dove down to the field on the east side of the interstate, and flew an amazing 2-3 feet above the ground for about 100 yards until it approached the embankment of the overpass, then pulled up and climbed at about 45 degrees without slowing down to about 200 feet above ground, hung a sharp U-turn banking at 90 degrees to the ground,then dove down again at the interstate, and repeated this pattern over and over.  Whether the pilot was an off-hours yahoo cropduster or an alien, he was out of his mind.  While parked on the shoulder, we watched the aircraft fly the pattern right over us several times before driving off (my 6 year-old daughter was getting scared). I wish I could provide a more definitive identification of the aircraft, but it was very dark that night and the craft was constantly making sharp moves: banking, climbing, and diving.  My best guess is that this was a powerful, unconventional, yet terrestrial airplane, but the pilot was performing maneuvers that weren't just bold, but crazy and malicious toward the traffic on I-5.  Everything about the aircraft's actions and lighting was illegal. I called the California Highway Patrol after driving away, and the dispatcher shrugged it off, saying, I'll put out a bulletin, but there's not much we can do.  You might want to try the FAA.  I'll forward this report to the FAA in the hopes that they might look into it, being that this incident constitutes crimes being committed with an aircraft.  Either this is some rogue cropduster that hasn't been caught yet, or this area along I-5 is definitely a UFO hotspot. ((NUFORC Note:  High quality graphic of the flight path of the object above Interstate 5 is provided by the witness.  It is posted to the NUFORC website.  PD));36.1624;-120.3489
Similar sighting to the I-5 UFO phenomenon on NUFORC - probable crop duster;2004-07-31 00:30:00;minutes;Similar sighting to the I-5 UFO phenomenon on NUFORC - probable crop duster Referred here by a friend who saw the same event that happened the weekend of July 24 near the Manning Ave. intersection on Interstate 5 in the Central Valley of California.  The night of July 30th/morning of July 31st, I was driving up by the Harris Ranch, and noticed what seemed to be a plane doing crop dusting just to the east of Harris Ranch, flying the same basic pattern as http://www.nuforc.org/S38270.jpg - the plane flew low to the ground, almost as if performing a touch-and-go maneuver (which I thought initially it was, with the landing strip by the restaurant) - I observed at least 2 1/2 loops while driving by, and saw the green identification light on the wing, along with the forward facing white light.  The plane was too far off the freeway to see exactly where it was dusting, though it did seem strange to be working the fields at midnight.  Then again, about 2 hours later I saw workers picking fields at 2am in San Benito.;36.1624;-120.3489
080605, Coalinga, Flying over I5, Brightly lit Wedge shaped ufo separates into 3 objects (yellow, red, white).;2005-08-06 21:15:00;3-5 mintues plus (we did ;080605, Coalinga, Flying over I5, Brightly lit Wedge shaped ufo separates into 3 objects (yellow, red, white). Short Version: Thin Wedge shaped flying object (side view) with very bright white light crossed low over Northbound I5 near Coalinga, CA. At first we thought it was an airplane on fire about to crash. After crossing over I5, object hovered over the fields next to Southbound I5. At closer observation object had two round bright white lights. Object separated into 3 objects, each with two bright round white lights. 1 object changed color to yellow lights. One object changed color to red lights. Yellow lights flew back over I5 to fly over the fields next to Northbound I5. Objects were flying over the fields to either side of I5. Observers in car kept driving and eventually lost sight of objects behind them.  Detailed Version: What driver saw: Driving north on I5, having passed the stockyards on the right side of North I5 and maybe 5 minutes further (doing 70-80 mph). Near Exit 33 (Coalinga). Driver saw a very bright white object flying very fast from the right side of the sky. She said she knew it wasn’t natural, because it was a clear dark starry night, and it was too low for an airplane. She said it was a very bright white light. She said as it crossed over all lanes of I5 (from right to left) a half mile in front of the car, she could see in profile that it was a thin wedge shaped object that was so bright she thought it was an airplane on fire, about to crash. But it crossed over all lanes of I5 and hovered over the empty fields to the left of us, next to Southbound I5. Her impression was that it was about the size of a jet.  What I saw (Passenger): The driver had just seen a bright white object fly low across all lanes of I5 and then stabilize, hovering above the fields to the left of us. I missed this because I had my eyes closed, resting. She said, “What was that !” and I opened my eyes to look. I looked across the highway ahead and to our left. What I saw looked like two round bright white lights (bright like halogen lights) at about the height of a medium sized radio tower (Note – I did not see any tower). My friend, on the drivers side, had a better view, and she described it as super bright and was illuminating the field below it - bright and white as a search-light. She said she could see the leaves of the vegetation in the brightness of the light. She asked me again what I thought it was in the field on our left.  The shape of the object appeared to me like two horizontally aligned round lights close together, as if connected or mounted near each other but not touching. I saw the bright lights but did not see that they were attached to anything (I have poor night vision and was wearing old eyeglasses). It was too dark for me to see anything in profile, all I saw was lights. I said, “Its just a radio tower (I had NOT been looking ahead and had not seen the object flying across I5 in front of us). She insisted I was wrong, that it had flown there and was hovering, and asked me to look again. So I twisted in my seat to watch it as we passed.  At first as I stared at the bright horizontal dual-lights they were stationary in the air. Then suddenly, they tilted in the air to slant downwards at an angle (30 degrees). As I watched, a second dual-light object slid out from behind the first one (at the same angle), so that now there were two, and then a third slid into view so now there were 3 distinctly separate dual-light objects. They paused, then object3  oriented back to horizontal and flew to the right and up, away from the other two. At the same time, Objects 1 and 2 separated further from each other. It was VERY Dark, I5 has no lights. I kept my eyes on object3 so as not to lose sight of it. Suddenly, with a bright Flash, object3’s lights changed from Bright white to Bright yellow. In the peripheral of my vision I could see that another of the objects changed from white to Red at the same time. I believe the original object 1 stayed white. I confirmed this later with my friend who was driving – she had taken a glance at the object(s) as it separated and changed colors. This all happened very quickly (maybe 10 seconds from separation to color change). Objects moved smoothly (not in jerks) and flew smoothly while I observerd, clearly fast but did not move at jet speeds, more like fast helicopter speeds. The driver said she thought they where a little higher than an overpass, which is consistent with my observation that they were about the height of a medium sized radio tower.  The Yellow object now started to fly across I5 again, passing overhead. I looked up through the glass sunroof as object3 (the Yellow lights) passed overhead. I did not see any “shape” of an aircraft – just the yellow lights (but I was wearing my old eyeglasses). I also did not hear any aircraft engines or noise – and even though the car windows were closed, I think I would have heard jet engines or helicopter blades at the height it passed over us, if it was that sort of craft. The yellow lights (object3) hovered over the empty fields to our right, as our car drew further ahead of it. Object3 must have been also flying parallel to our direction, because it maintained its distance behind us, moving around a bit over the fields, and we were not leaving it behind as quickly as if it had been stationary. This spooked both of us, and we drove faster. It was perhaps a minute before we finally lost sight of it behind us (which is a long time when you’re doing 70-80 mph). I finally lost sight of it when it started to cross over I5 again. I twisted around in my seat to look across I5 to the fields on the left of us, looking for the other objects. I briefly saw a bright white lighted object on the side of I5 south, then lost sight of it in the dark behind us.  I looked at the time, it was 9:18 pm (pst). I estimate the duration of our sighting was from 3 to 5 minutes.  There were no headlights of traffic behind us (there had been at the start). I am assuming other drivers slowed down or stopped to watch. We were too spooked to stop. Traffic on Southbound lanes of I5 was becoming heavy and slowing down – I suspect due to people slowing down as well, to watch this phenomena.;36.1624;-120.3489
Unexplained Encounter Along California's I-5 Freeway With Highly Manueverable and Partially Lit Low Flying Craft;2005-08-27 01:30:00;4 minutes;Unexplained Encounter Along California's I-5 Freeway With Highly Manueverable and Partially Lit Low Flying Craft While driving north on Interstate 5 in California at 1:30 am on August 27th 2005,my brother and I  encountered a flying object that was maneuvering quickly back and forth across the freeway.   We caught sight of this object in the vicinity of an overpass approximately 15 miles east of Coalinga. Initially we saw three lights that were lower in height than the overpass and they appeared to be heading south along the freeway, making a sharp turn to the east.   As we approached the object it had turned around and was heading northwest along the freeway.  At this point we saw strobe lights on each side. It turned around again heading straight for the traffic and we thought that it might be a plane making an emergency landing.   At this point I began to brace for the worst believing that it might crash land into the cars, but it crossed right in front of us just skimming above the cars on the freeway.  I craned my neck around to get a closer look as it passed overhead and to the south east behind us.   It maneuvered incredibly quickly around almost as if it had flipped over (inverting itself),throughout performing extremely tight turns and came back at full speed to make a quick pass overhead again.   At this point I saw two blue strobe lights on its back outer edges.  We were travelling at approximately 65 miles an hour and it kept up right with us.  A number of cars had overtaken us by this time leaving us alone to observe this object.   I had become quite nervous by this time and did not feel safe being around this object.  My brother wanted to stop to take a closer look, but I felt uneasy because of its erratic behaviour and because I did not want to cause any more traffic hazards myself.   The three large round lights that were spaced evenly across the front of the object cast subdued lighting rather than bright headlights.  We estimated the size of the object as approximately four car widths across, having a black (triangular shaped?) main section.  It performed aerobatic movements with ease at very low height and we heard no sound.;36.1624;-120.3489
Triangular lighted object gives an amazing acrobatic display on I-5, August 27, 2005 1:30 AM.;2005-08-27 01:30:00;2 minutes;Triangular lighted object gives an amazing acrobatic display on I-5, August 27, 2005. 1:30 AM. I was on I-5 northbound somewhere near Colinga returning from a trip from Nevada with my daughter.  It was approx. 1:30 AM, my daughter was asleep. There was an overpass in the distance maybe one half mile ahead when I saw an amazing acrobatic display of three lights (all attached to one flying vehicle, I could not see the structure of the vehicle itself but the lights were attached to something triangular).  The lights were a blinding white and bluish color, almost like the headlights on new european import cars.  The vehicle was flying very low turning rapidly and banking east to west then north to south along the freeway.  I had the window down on my vehicle and was traveling approx. 75 mph, I heard no destinctive sounds.  I was surprised that other cars were not stopping ( I did not stop either), I thought that this might be routine for local drivers.  I thought that I was possibly seeing a helicopter crop dusting the citrus trees to the east of the freeway. I am the type of person that would normally stop on the side of the freeway to see what was actually out there. I did not do so in this case, I was in awe,rattled, and honestly a little scared by the display.  I have been to many air shows and aircraft events, but I have never seen this kind of performance in an aircraft at such a low altitude.  The airspeed was a little faster than my driving speed of 75 mph. I estimate the aircraft's speed to be somwhere between 80 to 110 mph, but I am not quite positive. When the event was over and I continued along the freeway I began to question what I saw: Was this a crop duster? Why would a crop duster be doing these displays over a busy freeway, and if so was he or she drunk and pulling a prank?  Was this a military aircraft, and why would the military be so ignorant to pull a stunt like this over a busy freeway?  Was this a sighting of a UFO?  I still do not know what I saw that night and I felt the need to report it.;36.1624;-120.3489
Kite-shaped triangle UFO sighting on Interstate 5 in Coalinga, California, on July 19, 2007;2007-07-19 00:30:00;15 minutes;Kite-shaped triangle UFO sighting on Interstate 5 in Coalinga, California, on July 19, 2007 large kite-shaped flying object with three bright headlights hovered over our care, then turned over on it's back, then back over again, then flew over the top of a field, then straight up, then back over the freeway again.  at one point, it came straight at the side of our car and suddenly banked up, making us think it was going to hit us!  There were other cars on the freeway who hit their brakes but I did not talk to anyone else. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));36.1624;-120.3489
Low flying unmarked craft flying crazy over freeway, just short of Harris Ranch Airfield and hwy 198, outside Coalinga;2008-04-24 03:00:00;5 minutes;Low flying unmarked craft flying crazy over freeway, just short of Harris Ranch Airfield and hwy 198, outside Coalinga After a vacation at Disneyland, my family decided to drive straight through back to the Bay Area, rather than stay another night.  It was around 3am, perhaps a bit earlier, when we saw the bright lights swooping low over the freeway and making radical turns, repeatedly flying over a nearby grove of fruit trees and then over the freeway again.  The shape looked triangular, but I could not tell for sure since all I could see were the three lights (could be three sets of two lights each).  I could not see any markings, or even the shape, but I got the impression that it seemed to be a flying wing like the B2 bomber, from the positioning of the lights (one forward, two a little further back and on the sides). The seems just like the other reports for the object near Coalinga on this site.  There were no red and blue lights like standard aircraft have.  This was very low, and there were other cars on the roadway that spotted it.  I was somewhat dismissive of this as any sort of alien craft, seeing as we were just a mile or so short of the Harris Ranch Airfield, near Hwy 198.  I made many remarks about the craft, being careful not to mention UFO, but my elderly father, who I was with, did mention it. I still am not convinced this is an alien craft, however it most certainly is and unidentified flying object, and it was being flown highly illegally. I did make sure that the lights were in perfect formation, so I was completely convinced this was a single craft, and not a formation of several.;36.1624;-120.3489
Low flying black triangle, 3 bright lights scanning the ground, also performing acrobatics flipping end over end;2010-07-18 22:15:00;5 min;Low flying black triangle, 3 bright lights scanning the ground, also performing acrobatics flipping end over end I was traveling south bound on I-5 on my way to southern California and I look left over the oncoming lane of traffic and I see 3 lights in a triangle shape.  And then I get a little interested in that and I look again and I see that it dipped down to where I couldn't see it.  I kept looking over to glimpse it...I thought I lost it but I kept looking anyway because I kept seeing bits of it through some bushes. About 10 sec pass until I see it again, and it's fairly low to the ground it looks like it's moving quickly so it must be have been somewhat close.  Maybe 50-70 yards away.   So I see it again and it pops up and this time, I saw more lights on it.  Each corner of the triangle had white lights and there are more along the edge that were turning on and off in a random pattern...some would flicker, blue ones flickered, but could have been other colors too.  It was black as the night sky except for the pattern of lights on each edge of the triangle.  And I could see this by the time it swooped up from a lower position.  So it would swoop up and then it would flip or tumble and then swoop very low to the ground.  It would swoop and tumble and traverse through the air while tumbling.  Like it was a black triangle flipping end on end. 3 big bright white lights would light up on the edge of it.  And they would get really bright every time it would swoop down.  It would probably be down for 3 sec at a time, then it would go up again and tumble again.  And when it would tumble, it would stay up for about 10 sec at a time just doing random things in the air, flip up over end, go through the air at the same time, looked very random. Dip back down, flatten out...looked triangle the whole time, then it would go down and the 3 white lights would swell and look like head lights.  Then would go back up and other lights would come back on.  It did this about 4 to 5 times that I saw and then I got to the overpass and called my girlfriend to tell her about it...looked behind me on the phone and saw it again.  From that point onward I didn't see it dip down again.  I took the next off ramp (W Kamm Ave), took the overpass and parked. I could still see it but by that time it looked like a normal plane in the air because of it's lights.  It traveled away, north, for about 2 minutes until it was out of sight. The most incredible thing about the sight was how close to the ground it would get.  I thought it was landing at times and then it would go up again.   The 3 bright lights that shone down seemed to illuminate the ground, like it was scanning something.;36.1624;-120.3489
Sighted multiple shaped craft over California State Hwy 152/I5 on May 22, 2014 between 9:30pm and 10:15pm.;2014-05-22 21:15:00;45 minutes;Sighted multiple shaped craft over California State Hwy 152/I5 on May 22, 2014 between 9:30pm and 10:15pm. UFO Sighting May 22, 2014.   California State Route HWY 152 East bound to I-5 South bound at Coalinga  Road  Conditions Clear/ Traffic Moderate / Temperature 65 to 70 degrees F. / Windy    At approximately 9:00pm to 9:20pm, while travelling east bound from San Francisco on California State Hwy 152 towards Interstate 5, my daughter sitting in the front passenger seat of our vehicle asked if I could see an object in the sky.  I was sitting in the rear driver's side of our vehicle but looked out the drivers side window and did see a huge, very brightly lit object.  It was not a linear shape as I expected to see, but an oblique yet rounded object of massive size with blinding lights. My husband could not look at the object very long as he was driving, and the lights were so bright, dangerously so.  My daughter clearly saw the object and was becoming somewhat excited by it's unique, unexplainable nature.  I only had a few seconds of vision before it (or we) moved beyond my line of vision.  My daughter in the front passenger seat continued to track the object for several minutes through the front windshield until we moved beyond it and her line of vision was also lost. Upon coming to the I-5 interstate (approx. 20 minutes later) we took the south bound exit and continued traveling towards Los Angeles.  After a few minutes my daughter once again asked if we saw an object in the sky.  Initially my vision was again obstructed.  I could not see out of her passenger side window so instead I started looking out my rear side window.  Off in the distance I could see bright flashes of light and a thick cloud mass.  The flashes of light were not streaks of lightening but the kind that is more horizontal and widespread.  There was a noticeable tingle in the air and the heavy cloud mass looked like it was rolling. I asked my daughter if she could see the light flashes and clouds and she said yes, then suddenly I looked towards the front the the windshield and could clearly see a triangular object flying low towards the passenger side of the vehicle.   The object was moving very fast and changing directions and stopping in short spurts.  There were bright red and white lights pulsating from the craft.  It was not only triangular in shape but the craft moved in ways I had no explanation for.  From side to side with no arching and up and down with no regard to speed or conventional pattern.   My daughter was able to track it once again from the passenger side of the vehicle and she also started to film the object while describing it to me.  It now looked as though there were multiple objects flying through the sky, some very high and very fast.  This went on for some time and I could now smell and see cattle stockades out of my rear passenger window.   The triangular object then flew back across the highway very low and ended up on the drivers side of our vehicle where it stopped near an overpass.  We all exclaimed that whatever it was it could cause a wreck flying so low and over the highway with the bright lights on.  The lights of this craft were not as bright as the ones on the craft we saw on State Highway 152, but they were certainly bright enough to be a potential hazard and a distraction for drivers. My daughter decided to report the object to the California Highway Patrol which she called on her cell phone.  The time was exactly 10:15 pm and we were at the Coalinga exit.  She explained what she had seen and was transferred to the correct person by dispatch.  She told them what she had seen and of her concerns about the danger to traffic as well as the unsettling, unexplained nature of the craft.  Before she could finish she was abruptly told that there was a airstrip nearby and the receiver hung up. This experience has stayed with us and has become a very real, yet unexplainable, part of our lives.  We have never felt compelled to document an experience like this before.  We have never before called the Highway Patrol or Police from a moving vehicle to report something unexplained.   My daughter's video is very dark and it is difficult to clearly see anything but flashes of light.  Perhaps someone with better technology can clean up the picture and make out discernible shapes and offer some insight into what we saw and experienced on May 22nd, 2014.;36.1624;-120.3489
