3 of us saw a UFO on HWY 5 on 7/27 at 3:32 am -- 3 white lights with very bright beam, then red flashing light;2001-07-27 03:32:00;5 minutes;3 of us saw a UFO on HWY 5 on 7/27 at 3:32 am -- 3 white lights with very bright beam, then red flashing light We were driving south on Highway 5 and we spotted it just before Coalinga and about 1 to 2 miles past the huge cow slaughter house to the east of highway 5.  I was in the passenger seat.  Myself, the driver and another passanger all saw the same thing.  We kept seeing this really bright light over the road several miles ahead.  It was in the middle of nowhere and at first we thought it was some kind of plane, or airport.  But then we kept seeing it going back and forth so we figured that it was an overpass and we were seeing trucks cross over.  But when we got closer we realized it was something else.  It was literally swooping right through the traffic -which was fairly heavy considering it was 3:32 am in the middle of nowhere.  It had 3 bright white lights and when it would swoop from east to west over the highway it would shine an incredible bright beam down onto the road and surrounding ground.  Then after it swooped through the traffic and rose again the beam and the 3 white lights would go off and it would turn to one red blinking light.  It was not blinking consistently the same.  The speed at which the red light was blinking was changing, sort of like Morse code and I wondered if it was some sort of pattern.  Then it would flip around and back to the starting point.  I've NEVER seen anything move like that.  It was truly bizarre.  It turned in all directions, end over end and side over side.  It was very graceful and smooth.  It didn't jump at all.  It kept repeating this pattern.  We passed under it and kept traveling south.  When we drove under it, it was very high up with the red blinking light and it was flipping back to the starting point again.  We watch it make several passes.  At least 10.  We continued to watch it until we were out of site.  We travel back through the area almost exactly 48 hours later, there was nothing there. ((NUFORC Note:  We presume the witness implies a date of July 27, 2001.  We have corrected the date here.  PD));36.1624;-120.3489
