Xenia Ohio. 3 white lights in triangle formation chase car.;1993-07-21 23:30:00;5-6 Minutes;Xenia Ohio. 3 white lights in triangle formation chase car. My ex-wife and I were sitting in our car in a gravel pull-off next to an old 1-room schoolhouse on a country road just outside of Xenia. She had just picked me up from work and it was about 11:30 PM. We had pulled over for a few minutes to talk  and to switch seats as she said she didn't feel like driving. While we were talking she pointed out in front of the car and said Look at that. There were 3 white lights in a perfect triangle formation straight out ahead of us and just above the tree-tops. The trees are I'd say no more than 1/8th of a mile straight out from our location. At first they looked like very bright stars and other than being in a perfect triangle didn't look much out of the ordinary. Then the light that was on the lower right of the formation began performing some very radical movements. It would do 2 or 3 short tight loops and then shoot straight up or down and then back into formation. It was one of the strangest things I had ever seen. Very fast movements. This went on for a few moments and then the whole formation began to move slowly in our general direction. My ex-wife was a little scared at this point and I was beginning to feel the same. I decided to start the car and head toward Xenia. I did a U-turn in the road and accelerated heavily. A few seconds later my wife became hysterical and grabbed on to me. She said Oh my god it's behind us. I looked up in the rear-view and there it was. From what I could tell it just looked like a very very bright spotlight with what looked like 2 smaller lights right and left of it. I remember seeing a bit of orange around the edges and a glowing green on the bottom. Thats the best I can describe it. It appeared that it was extremely close behind us. I did notice that the ground ahead of our car was lit up as well. At one point the light seemed to be swinging like a pendulum in an arc while chasing us. I was truly horrified. I didn't even notice that we had reached the end of the road where it T's into another road. I hit the brakes just a! bout whe n we were passing the stopsign and we went off the road into a large field. The ground was very dry and there wasn't much of a ditch between the road and the field so I was able to get the car back up onto the road easily. We weren't hurt and the car had only very minor damage. Once we got back onto the road I noticed the light was gone. It was a very scary thing and my ex-wife still doesn't like to talk about it. It took her days to recover emotionally from the incident. We told very few people about it, however I did report this to a UFO researcher in Cincinatti sometime in 1999. He sent me an email informing me that my report was one of SEVERAL describing the same type of craft and incident in our area in the summer of 1993. Seems we were not alone in this. If any of you out there have any knowledge of these events I would like to talk to you. j_dog25@mindspring.com From what I could tell the objects made no sound. The light emitted did not look normal it was very pure much like L.E.D. light. At first sighting the objects were about the size of normal bright stars in the night sky. The one that appeared close to us in the rear view mirror took up about 1/3 of the rear-view mirror's area. The car did not seem to be affected by the objects in any way. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.6872999999998;-83.9383999999995
12 orange lights across the sky no noise at all!  ((Starlink satellites??));2020-01-17 18:30:00;10 minutes;12 orange lights across the sky no noise at all! 12 orange red objects heading east coming from the direction of columbus ohio.  All 12 objects made no noise and were in 4 sets of 3 orange circular cone shaped glowing lights.  They all started low before going above cloud cover.  The objects were all evenly spaced out heading in the same direction.  Me and the guys i was with have never seen anything like them.  At first i thought it was the glow of a tail off a rocket but it just doesnt seem right why would 12 rockets be so low shooting across the sky.;39.6872999999998;-83.9383999999995
