I noticed none of these objects while filming and my gut  tells me there was some external   'influence'  which did so.;2012-06-17 20:41:00;3 minutes;I noticed none of these objects while filming and my gut  tells me there was some external   'influence'  which did so. On June 17th of this year at 20:41hrs I stepped outside work to take some video of some very strange looking clouds. I panned back and forth, accross  the horizon, covering west, north and east. I did this a couple times, focusing on the clouds, roughly pointed at about 45 degrees above the horizon. The most impressive cloud was a towering cloud with a very strange feature on top. I really cannot decribe it, but the three minutes of video capture it well. I actually took two seperate videos one lasting about two minutes and twenty seconds(20:41hrs) and a second lasting about one minute(21:00hrs). During filming I noticed nothing other then the clouds I was filming, although I think I can recall some strange sun-light rays, beaming accross the sky which seemed to 'smear' the clouds which it covered. Once again, the video can tell it best. As best as I can recall, it was about two days later(6/19/2012) when I decided to use the footage as a medium for my music(guitar).   After creating what really is just an artistic hobby of mine, I titled the video Fire Clouds, and posted on a popular video viewing site. I really liked the way the music amd video complimented each other and I was watching it repeatedly to get a good 'feel' of it because I thoght I might re-make it with some improvements. After viewing it 7-8 times I noticed what appeared to be a metalic disc at 1min:49 seconds into the video.  t was at about 45degrees and seemed to either create a cloud-like mist(putting it at about 100 yards away) or it was partly behind a cloud (putting it quite far).  It had a dome on the bottom and I could see part of one on top.   I would estimate its size at either 30 feet in diameter or 300 feet, depending on which distance it actually was from me.  Once again, the video shows this clearly. Upon further inspection, I noticed a huge rectangular-shaped object partly sticking out from the clouds. Above was all on the first video and on the second I could see this second object moving away to the east but in second video it had rotated some 90degrees, displaying its book-shape appearance.  Large rectangular windows can barely be made out along the top front and top side edges(see video). As the easternly sky came into view, two more objects can be seen hovering above (but in the distance, not right above) a restaurant. Both were at about 35degrees above the horizon.  Both were right along the roof-line of the restaurant but obviously some distance away. The object on the left side was pizza-box shaped with a dome-like structure on top.  This object appeared to be cloaked but could be seen well enough throgh its firey-cloud-like disguise. The one on the right was triangle shaped and had a different cloaked appearence.  The light seemed to be smeared-out, making it diffivult to see well.(see video) I also noticed a large  tube-shaped cloud in the video, seen while filming due-west, torwards the setting sun. I am sending three videos along with this report:  (1)  A video which focuses on the rectangular object. (2) An un-interrupted look at  entire 2min+ long video  (3) The video &quotFire Clouds&quot(My created video where objects were spotted)   Thankyou.;39.6872999999998;-83.9383999999995
