The huvering silent crafts lighs moved and focused on us befor it crossed the road and shot away in the night.;1990-09-15 21:00:00;1 minute;The huvering silent crafts lighs moved and focused on us befor it crossed the road and shot away in the night. I want to express how difficult this is for me to talk about.  I have told family members and a few choice friends.  I was on my way home from my ex inlaws home on chiefnoonday road in middleville.  My ex husband and I stopped at the corner of chiefnoonday and yankee springs road.  (Please know that this is several years ago).  We both noticed a saucer shaped object huvering above the tree tops.  There were almost head light looking lights (2) that went from shinning straight ahead to focusing directly on us.  We just watched in disbelief, that it could be a spacecraft of anykind.  I remember rolling my car window down to listen for any noise.  There wasn't any sound. My exhusband and I watched it cross over Yankee Springs rd.  diagonally.  I was on the passengers side next to the stop sign on Chiefnoonday headed towards Hastings.  It had colored lights on the bottom, green I believe. I was at that point almost hanging my head out of our car to get a better look.  It moved very slowly then almost as fast as lightning dissappeared from sight.  We thought for a moment that perhaps the quick flashes of light we had seen on the drivers side of the road on our way to the corner could of been the same thing. We didn't live far from that corner and as soon as we got home we checked the time just for kicks to see if we had been gone longer then we should have.  We were fine.  I do remember calling my ex mother in law and asking her if there was anything happening on her scanner.  (She always had it on back then).  She said nothing was being said about anything related to what we had seen. I had pretty muched dismissed the happening until My mother in law called the next weekend.  She and a line of cars wer at the same corner of my sighting and she experienced the same craft I had.  She however hung her head out the window and started shouted to it beam me up, there is no intellegent life  here!.  My sister in law at that time was a young teenager and started crying in fear.  My mother in law was dissappointed no one stopped and pulled over to talk about the craft that was there. She called us right away in excitement over the experience. No one else that I am aware of ever came forward and spoke about the events that we experienced.  I guess that is why I never really brought it up before.  I  did ask a family member at that time who had some millitary knowledge  if the was a huver craft that made  no noise?  I was told he was aware of huver crafts but they all made some sort of noise.  In my experience I heard nothing.  I always tease my middle daughter that because she has an odd body part she is my alien daughter.  (I am just joking of course).  She was just a tiny newborn at the time and was in the car durring the experience. I think its odd that she has recently moved to Texas this year.  I cant wait to tease her again. Maybe I make a joke of it to keep my sanity.  Maybe it was a government test of something. I dont think I'll ever know.  Its just something that happened that I wanted to share almost 19 years later, that seems like it just happened yesterday. I wish I could be more accurate about dates and times.  I also wish I knew if the other lights that had flashed by prior were related to what I experienced?  I would love to know if anyone else in the Gun Lake area at that time ever came forward with an experience simular to my mother in laws or myself? Thank you for letting me share. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.6931999999998;-85.4759000000005
