extraterrestrial recovered by mother ship;1996-06-15 14:00:00;20 minutes;extraterrestrial recovered by mother ship Approximately June 1996 I was mowing our very large front lawn with fruit trees all about.  My path around a corner apple tree I felt the presence of something. Second time around in the same spot I feel a presence again so I am looking around but see nothing.  Third time I am coming up to this corner looking at everything in front of me and see nothing but going under and around the tree I feel a presence again, continuing on and looking back, still I see nothing.  OK now I am disturbed, I know I am being watched but I don’t see anything.  It is my fourth pass I am determined to see what is looking at me.  I come up on the corner I feel the presence I pass under the tree and as I look back, up in the apple tree is a small creature being with dark almond shaped eyes, opaque color thin limbs.  It was kind of scrunched up in the tree just watching me, in clear view and just watching me.  When I first seen the being it was invisible, I mean I was looking thru i! t, I wasn’t grasping what I was seeing. I was scared.  I did not finish mowing the lawn.  I did not tell anyone as I thought certain they think me crazy. About a week later around 1:00 am I witnessed a mother ship hovering in the field just outside the bathroom window.  5 acres separated us and our neighbor, I could not see the neighbor’s house it was so big.  It appeared to be hovering just a few feet off the ground, round and disk like in shape with many windows.  It was close enough you could see activity in the port holes of the craft. My sense was that the being in the tree was lost or perhaps like a teenager took off and the mother ship was there to pick him/her up.  I have always been of the opinion that we are not alone and well now I know that to be true.  Of course you ask the question, Why me, why did this being presence it’s self to me?  I sensed the lesson for me was continue on my journey continue on my search for peace.  It was like the being and I had something in common, assuring me that there are struggles no matter who you are or where you are in the universe. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));45.7855;-122.69
