Very bright light, flickering and traveling faster than a normal commercial jet.;2003-11-27 20:35:00;1 minute;Very bright light, flickering and traveling faster than a normal commercial jet. We were sitting in living room, watching TV. I looked out large picture widow that faces west across the Ridgefield Wildlife Refuge. The Columbia River flows North and South at this point.  On most night, aircraft are flying overhead and turning west and then south to approach PDX.  On this occasion, I noticed a bright, flickering light traveling along the Columbia River, about 2 thousand feet above horizon.  I couldn't see the craft. But the light was incredible: it was very bright and flickered, like a disco light flashing. It also resembled a tool I used many tears ago to set the timing on a car tune-up, where the light flickered.  And it was also noteworthy that the light was so bright and looked like the new halogen (?) lights on new cars.  Very BRIGHT, it was unusual.  Another thing, the object was fast but jerked up and down slightly.  Much faster moving that a commercial jet.  Also, the light was eminating from the rear of the object, as if it were on the back end of the craft.  There was no sound like jet engines, not the thumping of heliocopter rotor blades.  Silence!;45.7855;-122.69
6 yellow/orange starlike lights very low in the sky;2012-11-14 18:45:00;? I went inside;6 yellow/orange starlike lights very low in the sky On Wed. Nov 14th at approximately 6:45 PM I witnessed some unusual lights in the sky.  I assumed they were stars that were very bright and very low.  They were awesome I noticed it was a clear evening with small patches of fog.  Where it was clear it was very clear.  There were about half a dozen.  I thought it was odd, this time of year, but never assumed it to be anything other than stars, that were low in the sky and very bright.  That was until I read in the newspaper on Nov 16th, that people who were closer to them, saw what they think were strange lights.  This makes more sense now, as the “stars” I saw were more orange in color than yellow.  I am quite sure of my time since I received a cell phone call a few minutes later. So I cannot say what it is I saw, only that I do confirm there were orange lights in the sky that night.;45.7855;-122.69
Red light followed by a blinking white light with a humming rough sound;2015-10-20 22:37:00;3 minutes;Red light followed by a blinking white light with a humming rough sound I just came out to look at the stars. I saw a flashing red light with another light behind it, which looked like it was over Vancuver.  As the set of light came closer between Ridgefield and battleground area.  As it came to the East of me, the lights spores to have the red light in front of a blinking white lights, I started to hear a humming but rough sound.  I tried to video tape it a a few still shots with my phone, but as I shot the photos, could not see anything on my screen.  Then the lights went NE.;45.7855;-122.69
