Eight small, silver- colored spherical objects over Columbia River;2001-12-22 12:30:00;5 minutes;Eight small, silver- colored spherical objects over Columbia River I was talking on the phone, looking to the North, at the Columbia River.  I noticed several small, silver objects in the sky.  At first I thought they were balloons.  They were approximately as big around as a large pizza, from what I could see from 1/4 mile away.  The objects were round/spherical and silver.  Very shiny, the sun was out for a change and glinted off of them.  I think 3 of the objects were hovering or floating above the river/mooring basin. The height in the sky ranged from (guessing here,,,) 200 to 400 yards.  The original 3 came from the West. Then they were joined by 5 more.  These seem to have come from the East.  They hovered together. I watched the trees and the bushes.  There was not really much wind.  Not enough to make balloons move that rapidly.  I don't know how fast they moved, but it was rapid and kind of decisive.  I really thought they were balloons, did not pay a ton of attention until the group of 8 divided and 3 zipped over the hill, in a SW direction and the others zipped in an Easterly direction.  The movement of these objects was not a bobbing or weaving, slow motion, as a balloon would move when tossed by the wind.  It was decisive, quick.  Don't know what else to say except that I don't beleive they were balloons. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous.  PD));46.1558;-123.7978
This is simply  a sighting of strange object in  our local evening sky sky;2008-12-04 17:00:00;20 seconds;This is simply  a sighting of strange object in  our local evening sky sky This evening,, December 4, 2008, two of us in a car saw a bright green, slightly flattened spherical object crossing the sky from southwest to southeast over a body of water at about 5:00 P.M. it was moving smoothly and slowly cross the sky & disappeared over a stand of forest by some dairy farms in the distance.  We watched it for nearly 25 seconds as it arced across the early evening sky. The green portion of the object was clear as in a green traffic light.  Under that was a cradle-type of object of n white lightn which the green object rested. There were no aircraft or watercrsft visible at that time and it had no tail, so we eliminated a flare as the cause.  It neither spun nor blinked at all.simply moved smoothly across the evening sky and over the treetops across the bay to our left. A puzzling experience, but very pretty scene.  Could it have been a light or illusion  I wonder?  The two observers are female ages 63 and 64 who have lived in this area for 30 yrs and 60 years r respectfully. we both watch the skies regularly  as we both  have great  views  of the water and sky here near the coast  thank you very much for having this site.;46.1558;-123.7978
