Multiple-type UFOs are witnessed multiple times, in multiple states, near U.S.A.F. bases in LA and CO.;2007-04-30 22:00:00;hours;((NUFORC Note:  Source of report describes self as an M.D..  We do not know the precise dates of the alleged incidents, described below, and find it unusual that NUFORC has not received reports about the alleged sightings before now.  PD)) Multiple-type UFOs are witnessed multiple times, in multiple states, near U.S.A.F. bases in LA and CO. Several other individuals and me have been observing clandestine military UFOs for approximately five years now. Two to four distinguishable crafts have been observed during this time period. The locations I speak of are Shreveport, Louisiana area and the Denver, Colorado cosmopolitan center and Bailey, Colorado, approximately 45 miles south of Denver. Both in Shreveport and in Colorado, United States Air Force Bases are nearby. In Colorado the sites are the U.S. Air Force Academy plus NORAD within Cheyenne Mountain in and near Colorado Springs. In Shreveport, Louisiana, the site is Barksdale Air Force Base.  I will first comment on the history of others and my observations. Beginning in 2003, my brother, a friend and me began seeing large, glowing and color-changing objects over Lake Bistineau in Bossier Parish about 20 miles from Shreveport and near a very small rural town called Hall Summit. Periodically, on a darkened road very near Hall Summit, LA, my brother and I (and occasionally others brought along)witnessed several aerial crafts in the night sky and depending on the evening of observation, one or more different crafts were observed. Typically, the activity in this country area peaked in the late AM hours, before dawn. However, there was some activity as long as it was dark. The most prominent and constantly witnessed UFO was a large, bright orange oval object in the sky which was capable of hovering, moving at an variable speeds, none of which were considered to be high-speeds, as seen in LA, anyway. These identical crafts were also seen hovering above the lake named above with the same light/shape configuration and rapid color changing properties. These color-changers were discoid in shape, appeared metallic and when viewed by high-magnification binoculars They all moved from side-to-side or if viewed from directly below,they made small concentric circles as if their propulsion was possibly related to the harnessing of the earth’s own (geo)electromagnetism as the movements were identical to that of two magnets of opposing poles when brought close together. The propulsion of these type crafts were silent. The most often seen color was orange, however, all colors of the visible spectrum were viewed at varying times often the type of craft mentioned cycled through this spectrum rapidly.  The color-changers were often but not always associated with faster moving crafts we termed strobers as they displayed strobe-like qualities flashing intense bluish-white light at extremely high frequency when moving and a slower frequency when  approaching a landing area on government land, in the middle of virtually zero population. They were difficult to look upon as a prolonged gaze requires.Their propulsion was, too, silent. These crafts buzzed our vehicle at a very low altitude while stationary or when driving--multiple times over the years. I cannot comment on the shape of these crafts, due to the light intensity. These were much smaller than the above crafts that appeared at least 100-200 ft.in diameter and were rarely witnessed hovering except as they were about to land. They were capable of high-speed maneuvers such as small angle turns and abrupt stops and change of direction without deceleration. These accounts of the aerial ships seen in the country were near government owned land and is inaccessible. One evening at about 4:00 AM CST while driving on a small rural highway nearby, an orange-glowing color-changer passed over us at a very low altitude (150-200 ft. perhaps) and my bother and me were within 1 mi. of our usual observation point and we sped there, eyeing the orange ship until we reached our stationary observing position. The huge craft proceeded to land about 1000 to 2000 yards away. Two strobers buzzed by us as the larger craft passed over us toward its landing spot. Upon landing, either the orange ship’s lights were turned off or it proceeded underground. Too, we had seen lower hovering crafts cloak or shutting down their lights.These UFOs seem to be of military association. Gasoline? Free energy appears to have been harnessed.  In Denver and Bailey CO, the hovercrafts (color-changers) were seen yet in massive numbers, at higher altitudes and typically emanating only bluish-white light. The same small movements--as if magnetically-related propulsion was used--were identical to the ships in LA. An extremely large hoverer appeared over the same mountain peak nightly and the intensity of its white light was remarkable. It was viewed from a much greater distance (~1.5-2 mi.)and using the LA crafts as a reference,was at least 1000 feet across. In Bailey, (not seen in LA) the crafts at higher altitudes often zipped away with no apparent acceleration and, too, could stop on a dime. On an average evening, barring unfavorable weather conditions, there were 30-40 of these objects scattered in the sky. Other times there were much fewer present. They were over the urban area of Denver, also, at relatively low altitudes.  I have not returned to the country viewing area in LA for several years. Now, the same color-changing’ discoid crafts hover over Shreveport proper, a few at higher altitudes and typically one or two at lower altitudes. The lights however appear to remain white. While hovering, if viewed from binoculars, rapid color changes are seen. Many I know have witnessed these crafts and agree they are presumably military. The last time I spent time observing one of these was April 30, 2007, with a friend, within the city, from my front porch. Their presence in the evening sky is constant. The sightings are regular yet the crafts over the city do not maneuver, they just hover and make their small nutated  movements. The fact I’ve read absolutely  no reports of these highly visible UFOs  is incredible to me. They need to be evaluated by experts with the proper equipment and brought to the largely unknowing public’s awareness given the potentiality for a cheap or free energy source. They are obviously higher aerial technology that has been disclosed and I feel as though they are at least partly used for surveillance/security. They fall under the definition of a UFO as they are not identified.  Two other type crafts were witnessed in the country, both similar: rectangular shuttle-like crafts heading in the direction of the Air Force base. Propulsion could be heard (a low uniform hum) these were of such a low-flying altitude (~60 ft.) that 6 (on one of these crafts) to 8 (on the other)circular propulsion devices were viewed beneath each shuttle. Windows were present on the crafts' front which were very small and rectangular. Side windows were large and square with yellow light inside seen along with human shaped figures near the windows. There were no exterior lights present on either and an estimated speed of both is 40-50 mph: an atypical, very slow speed for an object of their size and apparent weight. The rectangular humming crafts appeared 40-50 ft.long by 15 ft. wide.  The high level of activity in the region warrants investigation. I have seen the same hover-type crafts not only in the two locations mentioned but everywhere I have traveled within the U.S. I am an M.D. and a trained observer. To let this slip by without investigation would be tantamount to continuing to allowing the government and its military to fund and operate these specialized crafts without inquiry and to continue to use hidden, inexpensive propulsion, likely in most cases presented above, to be geo-electromagnetism harnessed and likely regenerated--for free.  (You may contact me by email (or by written mail or phone if requested).;32.4651425655976;-93.7727772594752
1st  at 6:13 a.m., Shreveport, LA.  2nd  6:15 a.m.,  3rd sighting, 6:19 a.m. Slow moving, no noise, oval, we think, red & white lights;2012-01-04 06:12:00;11 minutes;1st  at 6:13 a.m., Shreveport, LA.  2nd  6:15 a.m.,  3rd sighting, 6:19 a.m. Slow moving, no noise, oval, we think, red & white lights Jan. 4, 2012 @6:12 am.  Grandmother and granddaughter leave their apartment.  Grandmother notices lights in the sky but thought nothing of them because there is a cell phone tower, street lights, private home lights, etc. in the area.  They exit apt. complex to the left, take another left on Normandie St.  (1st sighting)Grandmother see an object with red and white lights moving slowly behind them.  She stops her car at the intersection of Southland Park Drive and Normandie Drive and gets out of car.  Granddaughter, age 8, is beggin her to stay in car.  The object passed over them and veered to the left, heading west on So.Land Park Dr.  Near Sams, a fish eatery, the object suddenly disappears.  It is no where in site.  Grandmother gets back in car, turns right on So.Land Park Drive then turns left on Fireside Drive.  She pulls into driveway at 9343 Fireside Dr. to pick up newspaper in driveway.  She gets out of car, goes to back of car, picks up paper, takes! paper to carport and places it on table, goes back to car and gets in.  Backs out of driveway, car is facing south on Fireside Dr. (2nd sighting) They look up, there the object is again.  Grandmother and grandaughter can see the object from the windshield.  It is just above them, no noise.  She pulls into 9344 Fireside, gets out of car, picks up my newspaper, gets back in car.  Dials my number, call comes in at 6:18 a.m.  This is my signal to go outside and bring my granddaughter inside.  I go out, nothing unusual, go to car and granddaughter begins to excitedly tell me they have just seen a flying saucer.  Other grandmother is also telling me what they have just witnessed.  I am very skeptical at this time but as I am standing there, SUDDENLY, over the house at 9343 Fireside Drive, (3rd sighting)this hugh object appears.  It has red and white lights.  Beautiful lights.  Very, very slow moving, if moving at all, more like it was hovering.  No sound or noise at all.  I as! k them if this is what they saw and YES, that's it.  They jump! out of car and come around to where I am standing and we all gaze at the object not really knowing what to do.  We watch it and then it slowly goes up Fireside Drive in a north west direction.  Other grandmother gets in car to try and see where it went.  At 6:23 a.m. she calls me back to say the thing is nowhere in site.  I called airports in the vacinity but they knew nothing and you could tell they were disbelieving of what I was telling them. Also called several other agencies to report this but no one was interested.  This was such a vivid thing in my memory, I drew a diagram of the events and wrote a timeline.  This was the morning of the meator showers and also when the sun came up, the southern sky was full of chemtrails.;32.4651425655976;-93.7727772594752
I was walking across the street and looked up and saw a solid red and green disc shaped object approx.1 mile high slightly east of my p;2015-08-15 21:30:00;10 minutes;I was walking across the street and looked up and saw a solid red and green disc shaped object approx.1 mile high slightly east of my position.  I went in for my binoculars, couldn't find, so I came out and it was still there.  No noise, no movement.  It then began moving east and lowering until trees hid it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.4651425655976;-93.7727772594752
Looking at the moon, Saturn, and Jupiter with my binoculars a craft moving extremely fast zoomed past my line of sight amd disappeared;2020-11-18 21:30:00;3 secs;Looking at the moon, Saturn, and Jupiter with my binoculars a craft moving extremely fast zoomed past my line of sight amd disappeared directly above my location.  Maybe 50 yds away.  This thing was moving.  Low altitude amd high velocity.  Orange orb like craft.  No noise or vibtations.  Was obvious it wasnt manmade.  I live by airforce base and see craft all the time.  This was not one of the airforce nor a drone.  It was so fast that I could barely keep up with it for more than 3 secs before it vanished out of nowhere.  I felt as though they wanted to be seen.  They were flying too low to not be noticed by people.;32.4651425655976;-93.7727772594752
1 low flying craft at slow speed. Disappeared around 250 yds from me.  Orange orb.  Grabbed binoculars and craft was covered in an oran;2020-11-19 21:00:00;4 min;1 low flying craft at slow speed. Disappeared around 250 yds from me.  Orange orb.  Grabbed binoculars and craft was covered in an orange glow.  I keep looking into the sky and saw two morw of the same craft speeding about 10000' in a zigzag formation.  This went on for 3 mins till they went straight up and I lost them.;32.4651425655976;-93.7727772594752
