Spinning white Star-like orbs over Northwest Shreveport, LA;2021-05-22 22:35:00;45sec-1 min;Spinning white Star-like orbs over Northwest Shreveport, LA Incident:  Star-like orbs NW Shreveport sky Time: May 22nd @10:35 C.S.T. Witness: DLT My location: Southeast Shreveport City: Shreveport  The following is my best account of what I saw in the NW of a partially cloudy Shreveport sky as I was walking to my vehicle before leaving to Kroger grocery.  At approximately 10:35 c.s.t. when walking to my vehicle in the parking lot of my apartment complex I observed what at first thought was just another bright star in the Northwestern sky of Shreveport, La. Then I looked back up to give it full attention, but the white star-like orb disappeared, i.e., dimmed out and then another round orb less bright (same shape and color) appeared behind it and appeared to follow the first brighter one and then it disappeared until 1 or 2 other star-like orbs appeared to be following the one prior to each and I could tell all the objects/orbs were circling like a vortex in a sort of holding pattern again, each light was perfectly round and solid white, whereby, at that time of day I'm having to rule out solar reflection because of the time of day. These objects just emitted their own light.  Further, the entire bunch of orbs/star-like orbs moved slowly in tandem across the Northwest night sky from west southwest to a generally east northeast direction. The orbs seemed to be orbiting or circling in a slightly non-tangential angle in reference to the ground meaning if you were to lay an imaginary flat board or planar monolith, so to speak on top of the orbs then the plane resting on the orbiting objects would be tilted 5-10 degrees in reference away from the earth. Enough so, that I could see that these things were spinning in succession in a counter clockwise fashion from my point because of the tilted axis of the vortex. However, I could not see the back 60 -70% of the circle as they would move away, but i could see them reappear fairly quickly when they would return towards me on their little orbit enough so that you could deduce that they were actually spinning on some sort of controlled spin. I could not make out any solid structure where pos! sibly these lights could have been attached to because it was just too dark. I was battling light across from the Tinsel Town Theatre which glared into my smart phone as i did record these lights, but its very diminished in quality because of the phone itself and bright theatre lights.  The lights were there for about 45 seconds to 1 minute of my time since I happened to catch this heading out to the store for a few things. If I had not gone back into my apartment to retrieve my grocery list, then I would have probably missed this incident and, therefore, departed before the occurrence.  I have seen many things in the sky and how they move and/or behave and I have to say that this has me befuddled. I work at an airport so I have a solid foundation of what  airplanes/helicopters look like and how they look in the night sky. There were no navigation lights (red or green) or tail section white lights. I have heard of Elon Musk's Starlink satellites, but these objects didn't move like a standard satellite in reference to the earth. I have personally seen the International Space Station (ISS) and you see a fairly big bright round light (because of solar reflection) break the west horizon if its a high cloud base or clear skies but it steadily moves overhead in a straight line until you see the ISS disappear over the opposite direction. The ISS sighting is a straight path, horizon to horizon, west to east, southwest to northeast, in reference to where you are. Also, police drones would have to be ruled out because these were at least a couple thousand feet an! d even night searching choppers are closer to the ground when using their searchlights.  I'm going to have to call this my first UFO sighting at age 49. I will report this to MUFON or the National UFO reporting agency to have this on record. Maybe, someone can come forward later and shed some light, no pun intended, on my experience. Maybe someone else saw this, but just didn't think more of it. My jury is still out on what this could have been. I did a screen capture of the google mapped area with a vector line drawn for direction of the approximate sighting. Also, a small private plane crashed into Cross Lake the next day which is in the general NW direction of my prior night's sighting which may have nothing to do with my sighting at all, but is a little peculiar with the timing and general location of my sky sighting and since the crash is an aviation event just thought I would mention this for people who have lots more time than I have for further investigation.    Sincerely,  DLT;32.4651425655976;-93.7727772594752
