Four black triangles see close up.;1999-06-02 21:10:00;Several Mintutes;Four black triangles see close up. It was around June that I began going to DBCC (Daytona Beach Community College). I didn't have a car yet, so my mother would pick me up from night school around 9:00 pm.  On this night, we were chatting as we took the back route home from my school. We were driving down Williamson Blvd, which is a long and twisting road that is rather undeveloped for the area, but the occasional apartment complex or convenience store can be found. Thick trees are on both sides of the road. I live in Ormond Beach, so Williamson was a straight shot to Hand Ave without having to stop at so many lights. It is a very well known street, and there were quite a few other cars on the road in both directions.  As we were driving home, I looked out the passenger window to see these giant triangular air crafts flying low. I squinted and said, Mom, look at these planes. They are shaped funny. She couldn't look up until she came around the bend. When she glanced up at them, she slowed a little. Oh my god, they're black triangles. Is the government testing something new? She asked me. I shook my head, but didn't take my eyes off them. I counted four. I remarked, Look at how low they are flying. You'd think that if they were testing something new they wouldn't do it here. My mom commented on the time of night, and the thick forestation on both sides. As I watched them, I noticed that they had a weird way of moving. Focusing on just one of them, it flew straight...then stopped....went backwards....then stopped...then to the side and stopped, all without changing the direction of the nose. At the blink of an eye they could go from being completely motionless to down the street.  Going 45 mph. with only my window half down, there was no audible sound coming from the four planes. I thought that was extremely odd, considering how close we were to them. I saw one do a slow nose dive into the woods until I couldn't see it anymore. I was prepared to hear a blast, as I thought it was surely doomed. As far as I've ever known, those woods are completely blanketed with trees, but I've also heard there are also small retention ponds somewhere in there too. Apparently, there must have been a clearing back there for the plane to go down like that, only to emerge a few seconds later unscathed.  To the best of my recollection, there were no lights on the planes whatsoever. Being at night, and the planes painted pitch black with no lights, they were obviously meant to go unseen. If it weren't for the moon, light pollution, and the scattered lights of homes and businesses, we would not have seen them at all, and we certainly would not have heard them.  My mother weaved slightly as she tried to drive and gaze up at the same time. We watched them play in the sky. They came so close to us at one point, that I had to crane my neck up to see the whole craft. There was no particular formation, and they didn't seem to have any real destination, until they all turned and sort of drifted in the opposite direction than we were heading.  My mother returned to her normal driving as I twisted in my seat to try to get one last peek at them. The last thing I remember was that even though they were shaped like triangles, the sides were flat and the edges looked like they were sanded down a little more round. The nose looked rounded too. Since then, I've looked at photos of the Stealth and other interesting air crafts and none of them have had the shape or contour of the four we saw that night.;29.2092113466332;-81.0318598503743
The UFO we saw in Daytona was most likely the TR-B3 or the XT-33,  huge secret military reconnaissance aircraft.;2007-05-26 01:00:00;4 minutes;The UFO we saw in Daytona was most likely the TR-B3 or the XT-33,  huge secret military reconnaissance aircraft. About 1:00 AM on Sat May 26 my wife and I were up outside after a walk on the beach. We noticed three bright lights off in the distance. We thought it was 747 but I noticed that the lights were spread out one in front and two in the back.  The lights got brighter and came closer as we thought that the plane would crash because it was flying so low. As it got near it was no plane. It looked like a HUGE black triangle one blinding light in the front and two in the back, they also seemed to change color, red to green to red. It was so huge it blocked out the moon for a few seconds. The most strange thing was it had a red blinking lights in the middle. They looked like landing lights on a plane. It made no sound and scared the hell out of us. We called the police to report it, they said they had received numerous calls about it, but had no explaination. The next day I called a friend who was an air force pilot and a old high school buddy of mine. He told me that most likely I had seen the TR-B3, a spy military craft that was about 400 to 600ft long ( the largest aircraft ever created )and something about a top secret propulsion system something like a nuclear reactor. He told me that they are 3 billion dollars each and that the govt. is finally testing them all over the world. He also told me its really not top secret anymore, since its common knowledge among the military and info about it is all over the internet. After talking to him I really think that it was not a UFO but a TR-3B. The majority of sightings are either the TR-B3 or the XT-33 they both look like UFOs ......sorry people but its the truth look them up.;29.2092113466332;-81.0318598503743
Triangle of nine lights over Daytona Beach.;2008-06-10 21:50:00;5-6 minutes;Triangle of nine lights over Daytona Beach. I was letting the dogs out when I looked up and saw a triangular (with flat corners) formation of 9 lights at a high altitude.  The  lights were brighter and further below the cloud cover before I called to my firend inside the house.   It was still apparent enough for him to quickly notice what I called  him out for.   After 3 miniutes, it eventually faded into the clouds as if it increased in altitude. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));29.2092113466332;-81.0318598503743
