Oval unidentified object moving impossibly in the sky;1997-06-20 13:00:00;5 minutes;Oval unidentified object moving impossibly in the sky I was on the road with my family as a child going back home from Purdue University because my father was attending the University at that time.  At my young age of 7 years old, I had no idea what UFOs even were nor did I care.  As a normal child would, I looked up at the sky and the environment around me as I was riding in the backseat of my father's car as he was driving on the quiet open roads. It was a peaceful sunny day and nothing seemed out of place. As I looked up once again to see the clear blue skies, I saw a light that at first glance looked like a a small moon emitting light from itself like a soft glow. The oval aircraft did not emit light from just one part of the aircraft but looked like it was made of light itself, as the sun would shine, although it was clearly a lot less brighter than the sun. Then I realized it was moving so I believed it must be an aircraft. The moment I realized that it was not a normal aircraft was the way it was moving. T! he oval shaped aircraft started moving erratically from left to right in speeds and angles that would be impossible for a normal or any existing aircraft so I alerted my father who was driving and told him, look there is a funny airplane in the air. He glanced at the aircraft and he did not know what it was. I kept watching the aircraft and it would move left and right almost instantaneously in distances that would be utterly impossible with any object. Even as a child I knew how airplanes moved in the sky and knew all airplanes moved linear. More intriguingly, after moving bizarrely at incredible speeds, the aircraft disappeared as fast as it had appeared. To this day, I have no explanation for what I had seen but I know for certain that it had been a unidentified flying object. Whether this was a military test aircraft or an alien spacecraft, I can never know but I will always know that what I saw was not a normal aircraft and I am certain there are things tha! t are supernatural or far beyond our technology as we know it.! Upon fu rther investigation on this childhood experience, I have learned that the state of Indiana had military aircraft stations near Lafayette and many others who have experienced the same UFO experience around the same time that I did, as with the more notorious military aircraft bases like the Area 51.;40.4410337209302;-86.9236988372092
