Three lights, moving in same relative direction: From NE to SW on fast but steady course;2020-12-01 22:30:00;1.5 Mins;Three lights, moving in same relative direction: From NE to SW on fast but steady course 12/01/20 2200 hrs Smith Co Texas  At approximately 10:00pm, I was standing in my driveway (which is orientated approximately E/W, relative to my street which runs N/S). The air was crisp, and the sky was partly cloudy with large parts clear and open. The moon was somewhere to the south of me, and lighted the clouds. I looked up and noticed a solid (not flashing) bright white light, traveling roughly from NE to SW on a straight and steady course which I first took to be a satellite. A few civilian and commercial aircraft were clearly present and visible contrasted against the clear part of the sky as well.  I could not tell how high or how fast the light was moving, but it seemed to be a similar speed to that of satellites I’ve seen on other occasions. As I watched, I noticed two other, smaller lights, which appeared to be keeping station with the larger light. I did not notice these smaller lights at first, as there were clearly visible civilian aircraft in the sky. These other two lights were flashing in a rhythmic fashion, and at first I guessed they were also small civilian aircraft. However, as I focused on the “satellite,” the two smaller lights began to, rapidly “crisscross” each other’s flight path (it seemed to me quite close to each other) and in a fashion I have never see done before by either civilian or military aircraft. While the smaller lights crisscrossed each other, they maintained course and speed with the larger light, neither gaining on nor falling behind the larger light. Though I can’t be clear as to speed, they were clearly moving faster than the aircraf! t I could see in the distance. That is, of course, unless the objects were closer to me than the other aircraft.  The entire event took no longer than perhaps 30 seconds to a minute. All three seemed to vanish after passing behind a tall pine tree at the SW corner of my property.  I am 58 y/o male AF veteran Husband and father Small business owner;32.3101019138756;-95.2988856459329
