The object appeared to the west of the constellation Orion and was amber-orange in color.;2010-12-28 20:38:00;1.5 hrs;The object appeared to the west of the constellation Orion and was amber-orange in color. **Attn:I just submitted this same report only the date was wrong!  I apologize for the inconvenience  Location: Colusa, California Time of Sighting: Noticed an oddly colored star in the very center of the sky from my view, slightly to the west of the constellation Orion 8:38pm PST.  At 10pm, object was still in the sky. I was outside looking at the stars, and as Orion came into my view I thought what I witnessed was the International Space Station flying by.  As I watched the object, it moved north, south, and then to my amazement did a full circle in the sky.  It returned to its position to the west of Orion.  The object was a slightly off color, amber-orange.   I went inside my house and got out a pair of binoculars to see if I could get a better understanding of what I just saw.  Once I looked at the object through the binoculars it appeared to be in our atmosphere, too close to be a star.  And once more, startled me as it moved in the same pattern while I was looking at it through the binoculars.  I was under the impression it was trying to disguise itself as a star.  I felt the urgent need to report this to some one.  I used Google and found your website. I am a student at AIU.  I am getting my master’s degree in IT/Internet Security in 3 years.  I have lived in the country most of my life.  I have only seen one other irregular star while living out here.  And that one blew my mind so much I was scared to go outside at night for weeks.  That time, an object similar in color, appeared to be flying in front and around the moon.  It looked like it was heading straight for me, and then when it got a short distance away from the moon, the object split into two objects and continued on their separate ways.  That was several years ago now.  I did not know that I could report such incidences. ((NUFORC Note:  If the object was to the right, i.e. west, of Orion, it could not have been the star, Sirius, which is located to the left of Orion, as one faces that constellation.  PD));39.2339;-122.0227
