Bright star moving around all over the place.  Changed from bright to dim over and over (pulsating or light revolving).;2008-06-12 00:30:00;over a few hours;Bright star moving around all over the place.  Changed from bright to dim over and over (pulsating or light revolving). Bright star moving around all over the  I was watching TV because I couldn't sleep and we live on the lake and  have big windows facing the lake.  I usually see nothing in the sky  because we have a number of trees in the yard.  But tonight I couldn't  help but notice this bright star looking light.  It caught my attention  because I had never noticed it before.  I got up and went to the window  and looked closer and could swear it was getting bigger as if it were  coming my direction and it was pulsating.  I went outside for a better  look, but the trees were blocking my view.  I decided to just go back to  my show and take a gander every once in a while to see if I could tell  for sure it was moving.  I could.  So, to be sure my eyes were not  playing tricks on me, I laid my head against the back of the sofa in a  crack and placed one hand over one eye and used a point of reference  (shingles).  My eyes were not playing tricks on me, after a while that was  very apparent.  It is still out there but now it has moved up down and  left shining through 3 separate windows and once I knew for sure it was  not my eyes playing tricks I haven't moved until I got up to report  this.  I noticed it at 11:40 am and got up to report this at 12:45 am. - This was my initial report to MUFON, I ended up watching this until almost 3am.  As I watched closer I realized there were smaller dimmer lights - they seemed to be in tandem with the light flashing.;32.2079;-95.3948
Very bright and then colored lights would ripple through middle and around quickly.  ((NUFORC Note:  Twinkling star??  PD));2008-06-12 22:40:00;around 2 hours;It changed from being hard to view to being very bright and then colored lights would ripple through middle and around quickly. I live just outside Tyler and last evening I saw something way off in the sky, for hours I watched it.   I reported that, too.  Anyways, I was watching the Tonight Show and across the lake from me there is a  marshy area and then a ranch-ish looking property w/ lots of acreage.  I saw  a blinking light in the sky first which looked like what I'd seen the  previous night.  That light was way in the sky but it was across the  lake SE from me and then, and I couldn't see it very well, but I  definitely saw a low, closer hovering light fairly dim in the trees more to the  left next to the property and then what I thought might be people out  on the property with flashlights - there were lights as if from a  flashlight or helicopter surveying the ground and I couldn't tell what I saw  it wasn't very clear but it was a streak of some low to the ground  animal back and forth.  I thought maybe it was a dog at first, but it was  way too fast - maybe a mountain lion?  It caught my attention, but I  wasn't startled until the light in the trees dimmed and then flew across  several properties and was changing  color to red like a laser pointer  or something.  But then it would light up again in dim white and it  just floated around from place to place.  I got kind of nervous when a red  light got in front of my house, I woke my husband who was on the sofa  and he also saw the red light.  It didn't move, it just stayed still  from what I saw, but he'd talked me into watching TV instead of freaking  myself out and later he said he'd seen it move.  We went to bed after  him dismissing me and telling me it's some kid w/ a laser pointer.  I  read for a bit to calm my mind and when I turned the light off to go to  sleep - through the blinds in a room completely on the other side of the  house facing West there was a very, very bright light that was  hovering in the wooded area outside our house.  I woke my husband up again and  he agreed he could see it and although he'll never admit it could be  anything other than something explainable I could tell he got a little  spooked.  He kept whispering loud - ok, so what do you want me to do? I  see it, I see it.  The light would change from VERY bright white to  dimmer so you could barely see it and then brighten up again and as it  would brighten a bunch of tiny little colored lights would blink so fast - red blue green.   I saw this light at around 12:45 and it lasted a little over an hour.  It moved very slowly all around and lowered into  the trees and I heard noises like low whistles best way I can describe  it was a soft high pitched noise between flute and a whistle.  I had  trouble sleeping but nothing else happened after the thing left.  I didn't  move to another window - when it was out of my eyeshot, I just let it  go.  It was so bright the lights from it were coming in our window and  it was like a headlights that were moving around the room depending on  where this thing was positioned and how dim or bright it got. - This is a copy of my report to MUFON on 6/13/08. ((NUFORC Note:  Twinkling star??  PD));32.2079;-95.3948
