3 rectangular UFO's, white, black, and grey.;2016-08-24 12:20:00;1:30;3 rectangular UFO's, white, black, and grey. Saturday 08/24/16 Approx: 12:20-12:30 I was making a right turn heading northeast.  As I turned the corner at the light, there is a group or a very large palm tree right at the corner on my left as I start up the street.  To the right of the palm tree, I observed something in the sky that I had never seen before.  There was a white rectangular object hanging in the sky. It looked like a flat screen TV.  I slowed down and rolled down my window to see if there was any sound and there wasn’t.  I was expecting it would move but it didn’t. I thought it might be an ad on a blimp and I would see writing but I didn’t.  I looked back several times over my left shoulder, and could tell it wasn’t attached to anything, nor did it produce any advertisements.  There were no lights attached. I was curious that it had a mist behind it, as well as a clumpy looking cloud on the left hand side.  I can’t remember if it was upper or lower but was on the left hand side.  I was so focused on the object that I don’t recall any other vehicles around the area.  I was concerned about causing an accident, so, I started driving faster and paying attention to the road. Further up the road, before reaching my left turn I thought I would take one last look over my left shoulder and see if I could see it. I was startled to see a black one directly to my left.  Same exact shape, mist behind it, as well as the exact same clump of cloud appearance, only this cloud was darker.  The mist and clouds did not look a real cloud produced by nature.  I slowed down almost to a stop and stared. It didn’t move.  Once again I felt I was a hazard so drove to my left turn to get home.  I thought I would never see it again, but, took one last look back. my sight was obstructed by tall trees and houses so, I couldn’t see it if it was still there. I thought, I will just focus on getting home safely. I proceeded to my last left turn to get home and as I looked to the right to see if there were any cars coming I saw a grey one. It was moving fast an! d was already quite a distance away. It was headed northeast. ! Instead of turning on my street, I followed the road to the right and was going to stop and get a picture. By the time I stopped it was moving so fast I couldn’t get my cell phone out to take a picture. I couldn’t see any dimension to the objects other than they were rectangular, and they were not shiny. They were more of a matte.  When I first saw the white object, I voice texted my sister and told her, “I am looking at the closest thing to a UFO I have ever seen.”  Neither of us had ever heard of any rectangular UFO sightings before my event.  I don't know if this was one UFO turning colors or if it was in fact 3 separate.;33.5637317204301;-117.243066666667
