blimp shaped craft hovering in sky;2010-03-28 23:45:00;15 seconds;blimp shaped craft hovering in sky object looked like a blimp in the sky, it was not moving and just hovering in one spot. It was surrounded with white lights and had one red light on the back.;44.5355;-73.1937078947369
Noticed a bright red light over the tree line.  towards Burlington Vt.  I never have seen a plane this bright so I went to look.;2015-06-28 21:00:00;5;Noticed a bright red light over the tree line, towards Burlington, Vt.  I never have seen a plane this bright, so I went to look.  It moved at the speed of a fast single engine plane.  The direction was going towards New York, across lake Champlain.     I opened the door and I heard nothing.  No noise.  I watched it fly right over and just in shock a little.   I walked back in and another one started  to come from the same direction.  I ran and woke up my wife who went to sleep with the kids.  She ran down only to see it get out of sight over the tree line.  ((expletive deleted..))  to my surprise, another started to come over again.  This time she ran and grabbed my phone and watched it with me.  My phone wouldn't focus so I gave up and watched it with my own eyes.   My wife also couldn't believe  it.  I have two very short videos of the lights.  It looks fake to me, or just a light in the sky.   Another one started to come over and I ran and got my keys, this time I followed it to the lake so I could see what happened next.  The light went towards Plattsburg, New your ((sic.  New York)).  I could see it going towards where they are shooting fire works off.  It was brighter than the fireworks, I cant understand why its not on the news or all over the internet.  The light was incredible.   My wife said she would have called me crazy if she didn't see it her self.    One last note.  I live in the landing, and take off path for Burlington Vermont airport.  I noticed that no planes landed or took off for hours.  Its never been so quite in the sky.   Later that night, planes started coming over and the normal noise begin,  nothing out of the norm.   Not flares, not skydivers.  If it was an electric engine, it was amazingly quite, and the light was bright.   I woke up and went to the news channel watching to see and nothing.  This had to be seen by hundreds of people, especially the people looking in the sky at the fireworks.;44.5355;-73.1937078947369
