The Object changed shape, it looked like many white lights(dots)put together outlined in a thin red line, travelling north very slowly.;2001-02-07 19:00:00;About 45 minutes we have ;The Object changed shape, it looked like many white lights(dots)put together outlined in a thin red line, travelling north very slowly. My mom was upstairs lying down and i went downstairs to me room to watch tv.  My mom yelled down the stairs Katie did u see that light out of your window.  I thought she meant something in the yard but she said look over the mountain in the sky.  So i llooked out my window downstairs which faces the mountain and i looked at it.  It was very bright. My mom thought it was a planet but after taking astronomy i am pretty sure with the visible eye a planet is not that bright or close to the earth.  So i took my mothers pretty strong binoculars, and looked through them.  The object was white colored and looked like many dots put together.  It was outlined in thin red.  It wasnt visibly moving yet it did look like it was a little more North then when we first saw it.  It got lower and lower as the half hr or so went on. Again we couldnt see it drop but it got lower. At 8:30 it finally dropped on the other side of the mountain and it was no longer visible to us here.  I tried to take pictures and draw some quick sketches but i realized as i kept observing it that it changed shape.  It was somewhat of a disc shaped a little deformed,, then it looked more like a cigar, then it looked round.  The shape looked like it was a formation of lights but it was definetly something i have never seen before.  My mom said maybe it was a sattelite but again it was pretty clear and visible to be a satelite.  My mom and I both believe in UFO's but i wasnt planning on looking or seeing any tonight.  For me to write a report about it means that i really do believe it was something.  It did not look like a planet, nor has the sky been very visible lately.  It was not a airplane,, but it is possible it could be a satellite im really not sure. It eventually dropped lower to the horizon and over the mountains so we were not able to see anymore, ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect they may have been observing Venus, but that is just a guess.  PD));42.1028;-73.4606
