Dear Mr. Davenport, I heard you on the Clyde Lewis Show on March 27th, 2014 and I was so elated to hear you wanted UFO experiences of t;1984-08-15 21:00:00;1-2 minutes;Dear Mr. Davenport,  I heard you on the Clyde Lewis Show on March 27th, 2014, and I was so elated to hear you wanted UFO experiences of the past.   So here is my story:   Sometime between 1984 and 1985 - when my twin brother and I were either 9 or 10 years old – we saw a massive, bright orange object in the sky.  Sorry I am so broad on the years – I am almost 40 now but I know it was in that time frame.  We lived in Stamford, CT on the Darien line (which is East of Stamford).  It was an August night around 9 pm and there was a meteor shower that night, but the odd thing was the meteors were red balls zooming from the North toward the West.  For some reason I remember counting 13 of these red balls. For some strange reason after the red balls stopped my brother and I were drawn to the edge of the driveway toward the street.  At the same time we both looked up to the East and saw this MASSIVE, bright orange object hovering in the sky fairly low – just above the tree line.  The shape from our perspective was disc-like.  We stared at this massive object in disbelief, but then my brother asked me, “Is that the moon”?  As soon as he asked that question this object shot to the South towards NYC and flipped end over end until it disappeared behind a building and into the horizon.  As a note, when the object zoomed toward the south a blue/green electrical charge emitted from the ground.  My brother and I were completely speechless.  In fact, I don’t think we ever talked about that incident until I recently brought it up to him. A few days after this experience I remember my brother saying he had a dream about watching a UFO fly away from our bedroom and into the clouds. Since this incident I have seen many strange “lights” in the sky.  Most of the “lights” I see in the sky are crystal blue in color and travelling way too slow to be a meteor and silent.  I have showed a friend the “lights” and when my twin visited from Australia I was able to show him.  These events occurred from June 2010 to present day at my mother’s home in Stamford, CT.  The lights would usually appear from the North/Northwest and travel southeast, but the insane thing is the light would disappear above her house! I appreciate your time and maybe some other watchers have seen what my brother and I have seen.  Or maybe we have some kind of connection with other worldly beings? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.0714765151514;-73.5430799242426
