fast moving orb behind clouds;2002-11-06 23:00:00;five to six hours;fast moving orb behind clouds I went outside my apt. and it was overcast. Looking up I saw a glowing orb, going counter clockwise almost directly overhead. It was north of my position. This was at appx. 2300. I went out thinking it was perhaps someone shinning a flashlite which was reflecting off the cloud cover so I moved toward it, it moved away from me cont in a northward manner. I had a large magnum flashlight which I shot upwards to see if it was something like that, but my beam did not produce any reflection off the clouds. I turned and moved back to my apt and was going to get in my car to drive out on the street to see if I could locate the source. Thought it could be a saleslite. However, there was no beam from the ground up, and this orb looked as if it were behind the clouds. As I drove out, another person drove in, I stopped and asked this person if she knew what that lite was. She told me it had been seen at Atascadero State Hospital (which I live next to) from the courtyard all night and no one could figure out what it was. She remarked on how fast it was going, I also asked if it appeared to her that it was moving somewhat jerkily, she agreed. At 2330 it suddenly disappeared. I drove out to see if I could tell where it was coming from, there is a new blockbuster but it is not close to this area, and the orb was centered over where I live. Blockbuster shut down at ten pm. I drove there but could not see any of the equipment used for producing a saleslight. I will have to go in and ask them if they had a sale lite up, but if they closed at ten pm and it went off at 2300  there should have been someone there taking the light down and I went right over and the place was locked up with no sign of anyone. I have seen several UFO's in this area this week, also have two other people in another part of town. This is a samll town, it was very strange to see this orb and it moved very fast in a counter-clockwise motion with no light coming up from the ground. I only saw it short time, if I had not stopped to ask this person if they could id the light for me I would not have known it had been viewed for several hours from the State Hospital. Cannot firgure out where or what it was. Silent also. ((NUFORC Note:  If the object was viewed for 5-6 hours, we doubt that it was a UFO.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Glowing orb moving counter-clockwise very fast veiwed my several witness in different locations This is in regard to earlier filed report I made of glowing orb seen in clounds above my apt in Atascadero, California. I called the police of Atascadero and reported my sighting and asked if they had recieved any calls of a similiar type. The dispatcher said that at about seven pm they had recieved a call from Templetom reporting the same object. The Dispatcher said no police on patrol during the evening saw this orb. Clound cover was about 500 feet. Templeton is located about 6 miles north of Atascadero. ((END));35.43096751269;-120.761970304568
