Silver disc saucer or oval shaped craft with amber lights hovered above transformer in our yard.;1979-06-15 22:15:00;5 minutes;Silver disc saucer or oval shaped craft with amber lights hovered above transformer in our yard. UFO Sighting Date:  June 1979 Time:  Just after 10:00 pm on a Friday night Place:  South Rockdale County, GA Location of Sighting:  Honey Creek Road SW, Conyers, GA 30094 Seen by:  Myself - Person writing report Reported to:  Rockdale County Sheriff's Office same night.  A huge tract of land was split into 5 and 10 acre lots and sold.  The land was located on Honey Creek Road starting  where it intersects with GA Hwy 212, and Tucker Mill Road which runs at an angle behind Honey Creek Road.  The land was heavily forested with pines and hardwoods.  We purchased 5 acres and were the first to build in that whole area. This sighting took place when there were no other homes around.  A little after 10 pm in June of 1979 my husband and I were sitting on the screened porch on the right side of our home.  There was a transformer on a pole at the edge of our lot, approximately 100 feet straight across from the porch.  Rockdale County, at that time, was the holding pattern for planes waiting to land at the Atlanta Airport.  It was very common to see a bright flash of light and look up to see a plane's headlights.  That evening I saw that bright flash of white light.  I looked up expecting to see the usual.  But - - there were round amber lights coming in LOW over the tree tops into our side yard.  All I could see was 2 amber lights coming straight towards me.  I heard a clicking or popping noise, not loud at all.  The lights moved over to the transformer where I could distinctly see three or four round amber lights the size of portholes.  The lights were in a row that wrapped around the craft.  It hovered over the transformer and the amber lights went out.  As it hovered, the craft leveled out and I could then see a silver bottom.  It appeared to be a round craft, or possibly an oval one.  I would guess it was maybe 25 feet long.  It hovered silently over the transformer for maybe 2 minutes.  The clicking had stopped.  Then suddenly there was a bright flash of white light and the craft was gone.  Totally disappeared.  It made no sound.  I turned to my husband and said Did you see that!!!   He had been dozing and did not see anything!  I told him I had just seen a UFO and described it.  We walked out onto the stoop attached to the porch and looked up at the sky. There was a bright pink, circular light in a low cloud over our home.  I would describe it as being the size of a full moon, or a little larger.  He said Let's get inside.  We went in, locked the door, and I called the Rockdale County Sheriff's office and asked if they had any reports of UFO's that night.  She said no, but give us a call if you see it again.  Then within maybe 5 minutes our lights went out.  They were not out long.  Maybe 3 minutes.  But we were frightened.  I just needed to tell someone.  I have told family and friends over the years, but not UFO authorities.  There was no loss of time, or any indication we had been seen or taken.  Thank You for Listening.;33.6553924369748;-84.0191008403361
As I walked through my kitchen, a bright light caught my attention outside the window.;2002-02-17 22:30:00;approx 10 mins;As I walked through my kitchen, a bright light caught my attention outside the window. I stopped for a look and there in the sky above the tree lines was an object that appeared to move left to right and visa-versa very fast. The object had orange, green and blue lights that seemed to rotate as if the object was spinning. I called my son into the room so that he could see it and we watched as this object went from left to right as it ascended upwards into the sky. I ran into another room to get my digital camera so that I could get a photo, but my security alarm sounded and so I was distracted by trying to turn it off. The security company called to verify my password. By the time everything had calmed back down, I ran outside with my camera, but could not focus in on the object. By this time it was high up so I tryed focusing with the camera but it just disappeared. In our area, there are planes that are seen on any given night, since we live about 35 to 40 miles northeast of the airport, but make no mistake, this was no plane, no helicopter!!! There is no machine that I know of that could fly as spastic as this thing!!! The weird thing is that when my alarm sounded it was not even set!!! I must tell you that my alarm has done this in the past and without reason. I found it very strange that it sounded at the very moment I picked up my camera!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous.  PD));33.6553924369748;-84.0191008403361
