One cloudy evening on Sept 12, 2011-as I walked toward the sunroom in the backyard which is toward the south, that is made of all wind;2011-10-12 19:00:00;?;One cloudy evening on Sept 12, 2011-as I walked toward the sunroom in the backyard which is toward the south, that is made of all windows accept the roof.  Looking out of the window it had turn cloudy all of a sudden and in the middle of the cloud there was a picture of a man’s face turn sideways he was facing toward the west on the cloud. He had a long head like a dunce cap, a flat forehead and a long nose with his mouth a little open and a long chin with long wishers. It was only a picture, but it really scared me. It was kind of weird freighting and amazing wonder what this would mean. I started to call my husband, but change my mind, because of the lighting. There were lighting coming out of the cloud thru the head of the man. I kept looking at it because it was like a 4 of July fireworks. It was amazing. (Not knowing how long I looked) When I finally came to myself, and realize I could draw this thing. Then I thought to take a picture with my camera, it only took me a few minutes, to get my camera. Not realizing it turn dark that fast, I put my eyes in the camera to take the picture of this man’s head figure, all of a sudden  this Red, Orange, and Yellowish Fire Ball from where the moon usually rise in my back yard from the South.  (I think) came from no were.  The disappear picture. because it had  got dark (which I did not realize it had got dark ) so looking to take the picture,  a little fire ball started  coming right at me thru my camera it got bigger and bigger and bigger until it cover my whole camera it came real fast, look like it was spinning. I jump away from the window.  I have never been so scare in all my life doesn’t know what happen after that I was scare to go back to the window.  Realize I had the fire ball on video in the camera.  To my surprise, this is what I got.    Something I will never forget. I would like to know if anyone have ever seen a picture like this, or did they see a ball of fire coming out of the sky.  What do this mean?;38.6397;-75.6047
