Serveral blue lights with long contrails travelling for 30 seconds from south to north in the western sky as viewed from Weatherford TX;2001-12-01 22:45:00;30 seconds;Serveral blue lights with long contrails travelling for 30 seconds from south to north in the western sky as viewed from Weatherford TX I was facing west and saw 4 largelights and several smaller lights moving from my left to my right about 25 degrees up from the horizon. They covered about 120 compass degrees in 30 seconds with a constant velocity and altitude until they disappeared behind the trees to my right. They had blue lights on the front and very, very long contrails behind. The contrails changed colors as the objects appeared to pass through differing densities of clouhds. They travelled parallel with one another, with the larger object in the forefront of my view. ((NUFORC Note:  Illustration provided by witness did not survive downloading to our database.  We suspect the witness is describing the re-entry event that occurred at approximately 2120 hrs. (Mountain) on Saturday, December 01, 2001.  Please see following URL for details:  <http://science.nasa.gov/headlines/y2001/ast03dec_1.htm?list49634>.  PD));32.7608103197676;-97.783546656977
Light formations seen near Weatherford, Texas;2008-02-12 21:00:00;5 minutes;Light formations seen near Weatherford, Texas 2-12-08  Witness 1 (18 y/o female):  It was approximately 9:00 pm and my boyfriend and I were driving north, about 1 ½ miles west-southwest of town.  He saw a group of lights and pointed them out to me.  They were moving slowly and low in the sky.  There were two groups of four bright white lights, in a straight line, one larger group above the other smaller group, similar to the shape of the ship on Star Trek.  The entire group slowly turned to the right, then split into two separate groups, each a group of four bright white lights with a red light underneath.  The two groups slowly passed over us and continued on toward the southeast until out of sight.  There was no noise at all, completely silent.  I am sure that it was not airplanes or a blimp.  I tried to take photographs, but wasn't sure if I was getting anything because it was so dark.  When we looked at our pictures later, I was shocked to find not only the two groups I was focusing on, but three more groups of different colors in the photo as well.  In the photo they appear zig-zagging, but they did not look like this by plain eyesight.   Witness 2 (19 y/o male):  It was around 9:00 pm, and my girlfriend and I were on the way to my house from the high school baseball game.  We were driving down the road and I noticed some strange lights in the sky.  I told her to look and she was surprised too.  There were four white lights and a red light.  The four white lights blinked in a rolling sequence and the red light did not blink at all.  I am sure they could not have been  planes because they were too close together and were moving very slowly and I could not hear anything.  They were low enough that I should have been able to hear something.  As they moved along, it seems that the red light was moving ahead of the white lights.  I have never seen anything like this.  Witness 3 (40 y/o female):  I did not witness the event first hand.  My daughter called me at approximately 9:15 pm and was very excited.  She said that her and her boyfriend were heading to his house and saw strange lights in the sky.  They had stopped and were trying to get pictures.  She was very nervous and excited and was talking to me as they passed overhead.  She said they were low down and completely silent.  I could not hear anything over the phone.  She said they had been in a large configuration, that they looked like the ship on Star Trek, then broke apart and became two separate groups, but kept moving together.  I was trying to tell her to get photographs, and she was trying, but didn't think they would turn out.  She said she couldn't see anything solid, but the lights appeared to be moving as one object.  We were on the phone for several minutes, and they were moving on toward the southeast.  We were surprised to see the photos, and the appearance of other groups of lights they hadn't noticed. They were both very excited and certain that these were not planes. These kids are mature and not easily excitable.  We live in an area near an airforce base and major airport, and we are accustomed to seeing planes of all kinds, day and night.;32.7608103197676;-97.783546656977
