Black or dark grey.  Too big, too low, too slow, too quiet, for a normal aircraft.;1992-10-10 22:00:00;30 seconds;Black or dark grey.  Too big, too low, too slow, too quiet, for a normal aircraft. Too big, too low, too slow.  Me and my now husband were just outside walking, looking at the stars, and talking. We were in a residential neighborhood, the houses all being on at least one acre lots.  All the lots have trees on them.  We are 25 miles west of downtown Fort Worth, and there were no street lights, so you can see the stars very well.  From where we were standing, in the street, you couldn't really see the horizon, just the houses/trees around us.  All of a sudden, from what appears to be only feet above the trees,(moving north to south) a large, black (or dark grey) air craft comes into view.  I cant remember what the front of it looked like, just that there was something VERY large approaching us.  It was totally silent. No vibration, no air movement, no smell, no visible moving parts, no smoke, nothing!! I got the impression that it was either rectangular, or maybe triangular, and for some reason I was thinking that it had to be pretty flat.  It moved, well hovered would be a better description, until it was directly over us. It was soo big that it totally filled our field of vision.  You could not see the stars/sky behind it.  It seems that there were some dull white lights on the edges of it, but me and my husband never did agree on what the lights looked like, or if there were even lights at all.  The whole encounter lasted under a minute.  I dont remember how it left our field of vision, and neither can my husband. Nothing can fly that low, that slow, that quiet, without crashing to the ground. Not to mention the emmense size of it.  What is almost as weird as the sighting itself, is that me and my husband, never could be more specific about what we saw, why I didnt remember the date, or what we saw after it passed over us.  I have tried for years to pin point an exact time frame.  I know me and my now husband were just kids, so it had to be 91-92.  I am thinking it was early fall.  I have thought about this everyday of my life, and have asked everyone that I thought might have some insight about planes/experimental aircraft/military aircraft etc, and no one can explain it.  I was glad to see soo many reports here, during that general time frame, that sound like our incidence. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));32.7608103197676;-97.783546656977
Craft(s) with 4 lights being overtaken by one light, no noise or strobe lights;2001-07-29 21:43:00;1 1/2 minutes;Craft(s) with 4 lights being overtaken by one light, no noise or strobe lights At 9:43 last night, I observed an commercial airliner going west out of DFW as normal and also heard a small aircraft which I thought was approaching from the SSW, but I looked up and seen the small aircraft overhead, when I continued to watch the approaching lights ( 4 dim white ), I could not see any body and didn't know if this was one unit or 4 units, but they had no strobe lights as required by FAA and made no noise what so ever.  The kicker is behind this group(distance unknown) was a single light (same color as the first group) chasing or trying to catch the first group, just as it passed overhead the rear craft did catch the first group and I thought it was going to rear end the 4 lights, but it suddenly veered off to the left and went past the 4 lights. Winds were calm and slight thin clouds, half moon was about 30 degrees to the west of the objects. Speed of these craft was faster than the comercial or military jets.I observed them from about 40 degrees off the southern horizon till they disappeared behind the trees from my house to the north, there is no power lines or anything to distract my vision.;32.7608103197676;-97.783546656977
Rocket launch in west Texas.;2019-08-31 16:00:00;3-5 minutes;Rocket lounch in west Texas August 31, 2019, While driving west on US highway 180 at around 4pm on the west side of Weatherford TX, I noticed a large contrail do west in line with the highway.  It looked to be on the horizon but was not getting any closer,  It was going straight up, it was about two hands' tall at arm's distance.  There had been some rain earlier that day and there was some cloud cover in several layer.  The object passed through the first layer of clouds and kept going up.   I had gotten to my turn on Garner Road off of US 180 (the Mineral Wells Highway).  When I found a place to pull over and took a photo, the Contrail below that clouds was dissipating, but I could see the object and contrail in the clouds.   I stop again at the Rick Williamson loop and took one more photo and the contrail was breaking up. Using contrast on the photo you could see the contrail in clouds vary high up in the second photo.;32.7608103197676;-97.783546656977
Low flying/hovering helicopter sounding objects with bright white lights;2020-01-27 18:40:00;30;Low flying/hovering helicopter sounding objects with bright white lights I was sitting in my living room playing a video game with a headset on. My German Shepherd starting barking like crazy.  She is not much of a barker unless someone is on our property. I took off the headset and all I heard was LOUD helicopter sounds coming from the side of my house. (my house has 40 windows so I can see any which way). I stood up because it sounded like several helicopters and I could see 4 bright lights just above the tree line. I used to be a helicopter mechanic and the lights seemed kind of close together.  I could not see shapes of the objects as it was dark out and I had no outside lights on. All I could do was hear the thunderous noise and see the lights. The noise sounded like they were hovering and at first, I literally thought we were being invaded.  Then I thought, they are going to crash because the sound was so loud and close. I ran to the other side of my house at the front (I was on the back side) to the parlor and looked out the front window.  I could see one faint light positioned towards my house.  With the helicopter sound still going,  I saw 4 sets of lights pass through my front yard and just over a telephone pole.  I am telling you, they were no more than 20 feet above the tree line / telephone pole. I cannot honestly say it was helicopters. As I said, they seemed really close together for a standard helicopter. Now, they could have been that close if they were Cobra helicopters as those have a thin design.  I called my husband who works in aviation (and was at work) and told him and he said to call the police. I called our local police department and they said they knew of nothing going on and had no other calls about it. I told the police that they were flying so low, I really believed that they were crashing. The white lights reminded me of a spotlight. It was really bright. I don’t recall seeing any other lights (red or green). The sound was definitely that of a helicopter (several). It was so loud that it reminded me of my days in the Navy when I was on the flight line launching helicopters.  As I said, I don’t know how they were that close together. And when they passed through my front yard, it was like each passed in a single row and took about 2-3 seconds to fly 50 feet or so. I looked on facebook and online to see if anyone in local areas heard anything, but nothing. I do live in a remote area. My husband said it could have been military helicopters. What bothers me is how low they were to be military and secondly, how close they were together.  Whether or not it was a real helicopter or a UFO, I cannot say, but it was something not normal. I think whatever it was, my loud barking dog scared them off. I havent had a chance to look around but when I get home from work tonight, I am going outside to see if I see anything abnormal or disturbed.;32.7608103197676;-97.783546656977
