Many objects appearing to be spheres, made up of erratic squiggly lines at various altitudes.;2004-02-04 19:00:00;20 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Venus is in the southwestern sky at this time of night, and it is very bright and prominent.  PD)) Many objects appearing to be spheres, made up of erratic squiggly lines at various altitudes. 2-4-2004 19:00 I am a computer network engineer, and musician. I saw a bright light in the sky to the west at 30 degrees above the horizon which appeared to be over Sagamore Hills which is about two miles from where I was standing in Northfield, Ohio, which was way too brilliant to be a star. When obtaining binoculars, I saw that it appeared to be a sherical shape which was made up of continually changing irregular squiggly lines, looking to be white on the southern most hemisphere, and lime green on the northern hemisphere. This brilliant object was sitting still for about 20 minutes, then slowly moved westward till out of sight at about 30 mph. I took pictures with a digital camera and they revealed a small horseshoe shaped object that was moving so fast it created the image that it was a sphere, leaving tracers. I looked around the sky and saw a similar object which was blue and white and had blue lights flashing around the center of the sphere. The blue lights appeared as some light colored blue LED's moving around as a marquee would. This object was about 75 degrees above the horizon to the east and a little to the south. It hovered there for about the same time. I noticed about 6 or 8 of these object much higher in the sky, but were very similar except they were white and red looking spheres. They remained stationary as well. Around the brightest one (the one I mentioned first) I noticed several smaller red orbs (almost translucent) that weren't flashing, but consistantly transparent red. There was airline traffic in the vacinity, and could tell very distinctly that these objects did not have the same kind of std. red and white flashing lights like commercial aircraft do.They were moving around the bright object in slow horizontal straight lines north and south and at very slow inclines and descents as to be making passes around the bright sphere, both back and forth. Three hours later I captured some more wierd light patterns which could've been mistaken for some type of military craft moving about the sky researching, with no noise. There were plenty of witnesses here, and my son called his friends locally and they saw the lights as well. It was very cold out, and the sky was very clear. The moon was 96% a full moon and was lighting up the sky pretty good. You could see alot of stars, but these objects were all much brighter and did not stay in fixed positions like stars do.;41.3217999999998;-81.5411999999997
