a black shaped object almost triangular shaped but slightly diamond shaped hovering above a tree by a park.;1996-06-17 14:45:00;30 seconds;a black shaped object almost triangular shaped but slightly diamond shaped hovering above a tree by a park. I was driving north on hart st. heading towards a park which is approximately a mile south of the intersection of hart st. and U.S. 30.  As I was approaching the park, the road does a very slight left turn and has a slight decline which allows you to see the tree line, I saw a black object which looked triangle shaped at first but as I got closer I could see that it was more diamond shaped.  IT was a very sunny day out and I was wearing my prescription sunglasses and I was driving a work car back to the office.  I saw this object litterally staring at me or so it seemed.  It was looking right at me and I just stared at it the entire time.  I think it noticed that I was able to see it and it started to slowly drift towards its left (my right).  It was hovering above the tree line and just turned into the trees where I lost sight of it because i was then underneath it and lost sight because of the roof of the vehicle.  The very split second I lost sight of that, something told me to make a quick scan at the park to see if anyone saw this.  Not a single person saw this object, they were all playing soccer and tennis.  I was just in total shock when I saw this.  I should have stopped and got out of the car but you never know how one would react in a certain situation.  I saw this object very close and upfront.  It was a solid black metallic object.  Whatever this thing was, it simply defied any law of gravity.  It hovered about the tree line and didnt rustle a single leaf.  It made no noise whatsoever.  There was no exhaust coming out of it like you see with any vehicle and was apparently invisible to everyone except me. After this happened, I was in total shock.  I didnt even tell anyone until the next day and of course nobody believed me.  I tried to examine and research for any possible explanation and came up with nothing.  I was scared to death to really even talk about this to anyone aside from my closest friends and then once i told them, I never mentioned it again until many years later.  I KNOW WHAT I SAW IS REAL.  I came up with only one logical solution and its far fetched at that.  The only reason i saw this object on that sunny day in june is because I wear prescription sunglasses and I believe that these sunglasses were able to bend the rays of light and allow me to see this object.  I know this is far fetched but my sunglasses have this reddish tint in them that makes certain colors look different.  The sun looks reddish in these sunglasses especially around sunset.;41.4893;-87.5132
