Hallsville TX pipe or tube shaped UFO as a storm moved in from the west.;2009-07-05 17:40:00;20-25 seconds;Hallsville TX pipe or tube shaped UFO as a storm moved in from the west. July 5th.  Approximately 5:40 PM, Harrison City, Texas - outside the city of Hallsville. We were expecting a storm to run through the area, it had not started raining yet and the power went out. My wife headed outside to watch the storm, as I shut down the computer equipment and turned off backups. I went out on the front porch which has a fairly good view of the North. We like to watch storms roll in from there. It was still day light out and the clouds were fairly high and white at this point of the storm. Just after the first or second lightning flash went off I saw something through the trees. As it moved into view it moved at a steady flat pace just below the clouds. It was in view for about 20-25 seconds, long enough for me to grab my wife and run to the other side of the porch for her to see it before it was hidden by trees & clouds. I am not an aviation expert but I'll describe what I saw comparing it to common items seen in the area. Holding my thumb and forefinger out at arm’s length it was about 2 inches long. A Cessna plane that flies over frequently at a similar distance would be about a 1/4 inch or smaller. I was able to see it very clearly at first as it was below the clouds and I could see 2-3 lights in back and the same amount up front. I saw the body of the object fairly clearly it was a pipe or a tube shape. The angle it was at, I'd expect to see wings or more of the object, but there were none. It is uncommon to have aircraft fly this low in the area and when they do, it is usually small private jets and Cesena type aircraft, all of which can be distinctly heard before being seen. This object made no noise and traveled at a speed (once again comparing to a Cessna), would be about 4-5 times the speed of a Cesena, possibly more. It's very hard to put a size/distance to it. As it moved across my line of sight, it entered the lowest parts of the clouds still fairly visible. The lights front and rear seemed to pulse, possibly flash, but it could have been because it was going through the translucent clouds. The lights were all white front and rear. It was traveling West to East approximately 5 miles North of Highway 80 and I saw it East of FM 450 travelling toward Marshall TX. The object I saw had 3 maybe 4 lights that appeared to be round, the number of them was not something I was paying attention to at the time. What I was trying to remember is that the space filled with lights was equal front &/or rear was approximately 1/3 the total distance of the object.  At no time did I see any wings, or tail fins, or any other color of lights but white front and rear. That is about it, not sure what it was but it was nothing I have ever seen before. Thank you for reading!;32.5117;-94.5319
