Bright, large white light & also green light.;2011-02-16 00:30:00;Minute or less;Bright, large white light & also green light. 02/16/2011 0:30 (not 100% sure on the time) Duration : A minute or less. City : Benwood  State : WV  County : Ohio Country :  USA  Number of witnesses : 1 (Myself)  Shape : Light/Cigar  Number of objects : 2 then 1   I was leaving work, driving home. Around 12:30am, maybe a little before or a little after this time.  I am not totally sure the clock in my car was screwed up and not set to the correct time.  I was on the phone at the time, talking and just watching the road ahead.  Caught a light out of the corner on my eye but didnt look.  First thought it was a reflection off my lights that lit up my dash.  Then I quickly thought to myself, the reflection would be orange if it were and the light was not.  So I quickly looked up in the sky at an angle on my left side.  I instently froze.  I could not speak and slammed on my brakes, stopping dead in the middle of the road to watch.  It was a bright white light, the purest white light I have ever seen and a smaller, but still huge greenish light infront that quickly faded gone in a matter on seconds.  The bright white light was left, it appeared to be a longated, cigar shaped light.  And in less then a minute it had gone from my left hand side to my r! ight.  Moving fast as it quickly disappeared over the hills.  I have seen plently of planes, helicoppters and even army planes in my life.  This was nothing I had ever seen.  It appeared to low due to the size of the lights but still higher in the sky then the hills it disappeared over.  I heard no sound.  It moved way too quickly to be a plane or jet.   The friend I was on the phone with, who I told and described everything to said he emailed the Benwood police department asking if there had been any reports and has yet to get a reply. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.0179;-80.7376
