Bright white lights of a diamond shaped craft seen above Connecticut river on Easthampton/Northampton line (rt. 5).;2019-01-03 17:20:00;2 minutes;Bright white lights of a diamond shaped craft seen above Connecticut river on Easthampton/Northampton line (rt. 5). Driving home from work south on rt 5 near Island Rd. on Northampton/Easthampton line when I saw three stationary bright white lights hovering over the Connecticut River between Mt. Tom and Skinner Mt.  The lights were in a straight row, with the 2 outer lights being slightly larger.   Of the three lights, the center one was strobing slowly which I thought was odd since planes usually have the lights on their wings flashing.  This was a pure, bright, white light, not a yellow light that incandescent bulbs emit.  The center light was level with the other two and was pulsating separately.  The center light emitted a more rainbow like light, similar to a moonstone, but was mostly white-passing.   I thought it was a plane coming in for a landing since it seemed flat, at the Northampton airport nearby but there were not standard blue, green, or red flashing lights to indicate it was an aircraft.  It also did not waver up or down, it remained stationary in the sky until I had been pulled over for about 30 seconds or so.  I then thought it might be a dual propeller helicopter, but it was MUCH too large to be that.  I thought that it was then possibly a drone, but it was much too large to be a drone.   After I had pulled over to the side of the road to continue monitoring the craft, it began to tilt starboard upon its path heading north.  It slowly crossed to my left, past the line where my car was pulled over which was when I was able to see the bottom of the craft as it was still in a tilt position hovering over the river.  There were 4 identical sized pure white bright lights emitting from the bottom of the craft in a square/diamond shape.   In addition, there were 2 more of the smaller center-strobing lights beneath the craft, below where the center one was seen when I first saw the craft facing toward me.  I turned off my radio and lowered my window to hear if it was making any sound, but I didn't detect that it was.  There were cars travelling both ways in the distance so it may have distorted my! hearing No sound like helicopter blades or a plane's engine even when it was parallel with my vehicle and less than 1/2 mile away from my car over the river.   The craft slowly continued its course at about 30-40 MPH north/north east over the river (less than 500 ft above the water) before I pulled back into traffic and headed home.  The sun had set by this time so I was not able to see much else of the craft in the darkness other than the positioning of the lights at both angles that I viewed the craft.  I felt like I was looking at something I wasn't supposed to be looking at, as it only changed course after I had pulled off the road and started intently staring at it.  I was shocked no one in front or behind me had pulled over to witness it with me.  After about 1 minute of direct sight with the craft, it began travelling away from me, following the river north/northeast, I decided I wanted to head home as I was scared about the actuality of what I had just seen.   It was not my first time seeing a UFO, but it was the first time I had seen one this close up.;42.2649;-72.6687000000001
