Single light travelling at high rate of speed, radically changed course numerous times.  Stayed in same area for entire time, orbiting ;1998-10-15 22:00:00;15 minutes;Single light travelling at high rate of speed, radically changed course numerous times.  Stayed in same area for entire time, orbiting around a specific location on the horizon. The light travelled East to West at first sight at a very high rate of speed.  It suddenly altered course in a seemingly random pattern, without an obvious change in speed.  It made numerous course changes, staying in one relatively defined area. After about ten minutes, the light suddenly dove into the ground (so it seemed), it disappeared from our view at the same high rate of speed, going straight down.  Within a very short time we saw and heard two jet aircraft in that same area.  Being ex-military, I recognized the engine sounds as being probably F-15's  (they constantly flew training missions over our house, we got used to their engine sounds).  The two jets were travelling fast and low over the same area the light had been.  As they passed, the light came up from under them and followed them out of sight to the East, just below and behind them. Witnesses:  ((personal data deleted));37.6625;-80.8651
Two lights at extremely high altitude and speed, travelling parallel to each other, in an Westerly direction.  They first appeared to b;1998-12-15 22:30:00;5 minutes;Two lights at extremely high altitude and speed, travelling parallel to each other, in an Westerly direction.  They first appeared to be satellites.  Until they made radical course corrections, not quite simultaneously. The two lights were travelling at extremely high altitudes, (which meant they were quite large) and at a high rate of speed (much the same as satellites we've seen in the same area).  We thought they were satellites until they made course changes, one first, then the other following.  We had the impression one was trying to evade the other ?? Suddenly, the light on the right sent a tremdously bright beam of light toward the other, an instant later it was returned.  This continued for the entire time we watched before they went out of sight across the horizon.  NOTE:  In the time we lived in that area, there were NUMEROUS unexplained sightings (1997-1999).  None were up close and personal, always at a distance.  There seems to be a unusual interest in that area ?  We realize this report and the other submitted, mean very little in of themselves.  However, we had no means or method to report them at the time (we just found your web site, new computer....).  The bottom line of all of this is simply, there seems to be inordinate activity in the area, certainly by military aircraft, and by unidentifed lights as well.  For what it's worth...;37.6625;-80.8651
