Stationary, bright ,flashing object seen in the southeastern sky.;2009-03-02 19:00:00;20-25 minutes;Stationary, bright ,flashing object seen in the southeastern sky. Last night, March 2, 2009 between 1900 hours and 1920 hours, I observed a white flashing light in the south eastern sky about 45 degrees above the mountain.  I had left work late.  I first noticed the bright shining object as I started home on US Route 12.  I gave a casual glance at the sky, as I often do. The stars were visible.  When I first noticed the flashing object, I thought it was an airplane. As I continued driving south on Route 12, I continued to watch the object.  I noticed that it was not moving.  I then thought it might be a cell tower, but quickly realized that it was too high in the sky to be a tower. I lost track of the object as the road curved through the valley.  I spotted it once again as I turned onto Route 122.  It was still in the same spot. I was able to monitor its position in the sky by the other star formations present. I again lost sight of the object as I went down the mountain toward my home. As I turn onto the road to my house, I again spotted the object.  I had a good view, so I stopped my car and sat about 5 minutes observing the bright flashing object. It had not moved from its position in the sky from my first sighting about 20 minutes previous. As I watched, I glanced down at my clock.  When I looked up it was gone.  I searched the sky.  It was gone.  It disappeared in the flash. I am reporting this because I believe it is note worthy.  I often take time to observe the night sky.  I have observed the Sky Lab as it transverses the sky.  I have seen shooting stars.  I have observed many airplanes in the night sky.  This object was different than any thing I have observed. It was as bright as the brightest star in the sky.  It was as large as Mars or Venus in the winter sky.  It appeared more oblong than round.  It was flashing very fast.  It was stationary.  It disappeared in an instant. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.6625;-80.8651
