A round circle of white light split off into 3 circles which rotated around location of original circle every 2 or 3 seconds.;2001-09-18 01:00:00;45min.;A round circle of white light split off into 3 circles which rotated around location of original circle every 2 or 3 seconds. A round circle of white light was seen against a partially clouded sky.Impossible to determine altitude. This circle split up into 3 other circles of approximately the same size as the original circle, and proceded to move outward at rapid speed in a clockwise direction, merging into one circle again at points equidistant from each other.  After merging, the 3 circles appeared as one circle again and paused in this location for perhaps 1/2 second before repeating the same splitting up into a 3 circle pattern. This whole process took approximately 2 or 3 seconds for each repitative pattern.  This pattern was repeated over and over again for 45 minutes and then suddenly disappeared.The light pattern remained in the same location in the sky, that is to say, in the northeast about 45 degrees above the horizon. We have had no further sightings of this phenomenon as of today, Sept. 21st. We are two retired school teachers, sound of mind and body, and witnessed this event from our own backyard.;42.2747;-83.3798
2 orange colored objects flying and stopping over WAYNE, MICHIGAN;2008-10-12 23:00:00;45 Seconds;2 orange colored objects flying and stopping over WAYNE, MICHIGAN I was outside smoking on the balcony facing East from my apartment.  From West to East 2 reddish orange circles came flying at a high rate of speed in the sky directly above my apartment.  They were almost side by side at first, then they came to almost a complete stop for about 3-4 seconds before moving apart from each other a great distance at a slow rate of speed.  After that they got really close to each other as if they were in sync and moved extremely fast (way faster then they flew in at first) to the east again and then slowed down before going into the tree line behind my apartments.  These objects were silent, no noise at all.  I have a very clear view of the sky from my balcony and have never witnessed anything like this in my life here.  I live about 5 miles Northeast of Detroit Metro Airport, in Wayne, Michigan.  There were numerous planes in the sky at this time of incident as I seen them all over after they disappeared.  This is a very high traffic area and is really close to a major airport for the United States (northwests main hub) so it should be on their radar reports somewhere.;42.2747;-83.3798
