Looking at saturn with binoculars in triangle formation very weak little lights moving faster than a plane;2011-03-28 02:25:00;1 minute;Looking at saturn with binoculars in triangle formation very weak little lights moving faster than a plane I was looking at saturn in my 15x79 binoculars and while i was trying to get it in my view.to the left I seen movement i got it in my view which is 4 degrees it filled most of the 4 degs.there were three objects moving togeather in triangle formation very fain lighton all three i took binos away and looked couldnt see anything moving quit fast, I put binos back up real quick seen them as they were going over metro airport they disappeared no noinse at all. If I didnt see them in binos i would not have seen them. If it was a plane it was a B-2 and i doubt that.;42.2747;-83.3798
Strange orange and red lights flying in formation.;2015-09-27 19:45:00;5 minute;Strange orange and red lights flying in formation On September 27th, 2015, at approximately 7:45 - 8pm…  I had exited the front entrance of our townhouse, which faces South and had walked across the street to an empty lot belonging to a church to walk the dog.  My sister and our neighbor were heading out to the porch to watch the lunar eclipse or blood moon. The night was overcast and the moon was mostly hidden by the clouds, but you could get a glimpse of it from time to time.  My cocker Spaniel and I had crossed the field and were approaching a maintenance shed near the church’s parking lot, when I glanced back to see if I could see the moon. Suddenly I saw 3 orange lights in a perfect triangular formation flying from Southeast to Northwest. My first thought was that they were planes or maybe helicopters, but there was something strange about them… There was no sound whatsoever, they were traveling at a steady speed (faster than an airplane), and seemed to float across the sky almost like a Chinese lantern or something. Then two more orbs appeared behind the first three like two points of a triangle, only this time the orbs were red instead of orange. The orange orbs remained in triangular formation with the two red orbs trailing behind somewhat. All 5 of the lights seemed to be moving at the same speed and trajectory. By this time, I was a little scared and had moved close to the shed as not to be detected by aliens or whatever I was seeing. At this time they were almost directly overhead and to my North passing directly by. I could see their elevation increasing as they floated further Westward, never changing speed or breaking formation. As the last red orb was moving away from my location, and I was certain there were no more coming behind, I came out from hiding behind the maintenance shed and walked swiftly home to ask my sister and our neighbor if they has seen the strange lights.  How could they have missed it?  They were sitting right out front looking up at the moon right? Sadly, they didn’t see a thing and probably think I’m making this up, but I assure you I’m not. I watched the local news at eleven with no mention of the phenomenon, then came upstairs to see if I could find anything online about it.  Surely someone else must have seen this.  Then I found this site and decided to leave a report in hopes that someone else will corroborate my sighting.  We live near the airport… I am very familiar with our normal air traffic… These lights were like nothing I’ve seen before!;42.2747;-83.3798
