A triangular shaped UFO hovering at a slow pace at a low altitude.;2000-08-01 02:00:00;minutes;A triangular shaped UFO hovering at a slow pace at a low altitude. A friend and I were driving home from a friend's house when I saw a triangulat shaped flying object.  At first glance it looked to be a plane, but as I thought about it, it was flying abnormally low for the location.  It was just above the treeline.  I had my friend stop the car and turn around to get a better look.  We both looked at each other and mentioned that it definitely was NOT a plane.  It wasn't really flying but more like hovering at a slow pace.  We couldnt really see the object well itself because it was dark, but the lights helped to outline it.  It looked to be triangular, with lights on each point.  Not like a plane would be with lights on the wingspan and tail but more like a stealth bomber would look like.  (I suppose it could have been a stealth bomber aside from the odd location it was in and its slow hovering.)  We watched it untill it dissapeared behind some tall trees and we went home.  I know that helicopters can hover...but I am 100% sure that it was not a helicopter. My friend and I told our friends about what we saw and it was nother really more than a weird story, little thought about afterwards.  Untill around two weeks later, two of my other friends told me that they saw the same object that I had described.  They said that they saw a triangular shaped object hovering abnormally low at about the same time of night (2-3am) and at the exactly same location!  They drove closer to the object for a few minutes observing it more.  As they drove home they said that the object was following them.  They said that they'd drive for awhile, look up, and the object wasnt far from behind them.  Although it prob wasnt actually following them more than it was just travelling in their general direction. These were the only two sightings of this UFO that I know of.  They occured in about a two week inveral in August of 2000.  I have no idea of the exact dates.  I thought it was definitely strange that two different groups saw the same thing, at the same time of day, at the same location.  I don't know how credible the story is since the only sightings that I know of were by me and friends of mine.  Maybe other pople saw it too, but i have no way of knowing.  All I know is that I myself, or my friends weren't lying or extending the truth.  I forgot to mention that the object wasn't making any noise either that I could hear. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.2235157894738;-70.8820010526317
