Triangular object with 3 lights, one in middle blinking.;2009-10-01 22:30:00;2MINS;Triangular object with 3 lights, one in middle blinking. Me and my daughter were driving home, both in separate vehicles. It was 10:30 at night in rural Northeast MS.  My daughter was ahead of me in her car she saw the lights first then as I came up on them I almost ran off the road trying to see what the object was.  We both saw a line of lights with one in the middle blinking, it was  hovering above the ground just taller than the power lines. The closer we got the more triangular shaped the object seemed.  My daughter then called my cell phone to see if I was seeing what she was seeing.  By this time I had drove past the object but could still see it in my rear view mirror. I decided to turn around and go back to get a better look when I got back to the spot, the object was gone.  Nothing flying off in the distance, no trees blowing around from it, no noise, nothing.  When I had first saw it flashing in the distance I was thinking when did we get a cell tower there but as I got closer I realized it wasn’t attac! hed to anything. It was just hovering above the power lines and then it was gone. I don’t know what it was and I am not saying it was alien in origin but it was definitely unknown to us what it was.  Also in the mid nineties me and my sister where driving from our parents house to my house and as we crossed over a railroad track a glowing green orb dropped down out of the sky, hovered for a second in front of us and then flew off.  We looked at each other in disbelief then drove on home.  Of course when you tell people these things they look at you like you are crazy.  This I do know:  first I am a Christian who believes the bible is the true inspired Word of God and it is infallible,  second that I don’t believe in little green men and aliens that are visiting us and checking out how we live on earth, and third that I’m not crazy I did see something I could not identify Twice!!!!;34.5112;-88.2354
