Bright light in sky then shrunk size then enlarged back to original large bright light.  Triangle shape, hovering and suspended mid air;2020-02-13 11:15:00;15 minutes;Bright light in sky then shrunk size then enlarged back to original large bright light.  Triangle shape, hovering and suspended mid air As I was leaving work, I noticed a bright light in the sky.  As I was getting closer it was shrinking in size to what a normal star sky would look like, and then 15 seconds later it enlarges went back to it's normal bright light.  This happened twice. As I started approaching the aircraft, it had visibly a light on each of the 3 corners of the triangle.  They were blinking.  At one point I was directly under the craft and I was looking right at it.  It was hovering super slow.  At some points even suspending in air.  It appeared to follow my vehicle home for 5 minutes.;40.0859;-75.8886
As I was driving, I noticed a bright &quotstar&quot in the sky. But as I approached it, it turned into a triagle aircraft with a ligh;2020-02-16 11:00:00;5 minutes;As I was driving, I noticed a bright &quotstar&quot in the sky. But as I approached it, it turned into a triagle aircraft with a ligh As I was driving, I noticed a bright star in the sky.  But as I approached it, it turned into a triagle aircraft with a light on each of its end blinking.  (Red, blue & yellow) It was suspended in mid air over a farm.  Also saw this very aircraft a couple days prior and it was hovering slowly.  Which at one point I was directly under it looking up at it clearing seeing its shape and detail.;40.0859;-75.8886
Perfect triangle shaped object hovering over former campground just south of Honey Brook PA.;2020-04-07 21:15:00;5-7 minutes;Perfect triangle shaped object hovering over former campground just south of Honey Brook PA. Was looking up to sky to see the visibility of stars and moon when I seen what I thought to be an airplane but was definitely not any conventional aircraft known to me or my neighbor.  As I got away from the trees and was watching it from the adjacent farm field it became obvious that this was nothing I ever seen before and was shaped like a perfect triangle.  It was about 150 -200 feet above the treetops and moving very slowly to the South and it slowed down  and changed height before quickly taking off at high rate of speed to the east.  The lights were very defined on all three points and blinked in unison with each other but also had steady lights also on the three points.  And they changed colors and intensities as the blinking lights changed frequency and sometimes blinking stopped but steady green and or white lights persisted at varying brightness.  I also view what looks like a very bright star most nights to the west of my house.  It is not there every n! ight and it only stays there for several minutes to a couple hours then usually leaves to the South East.  This other object that I see regularly, appears to giver about 300-400 ft above the farms and fields about 3/4 to 1.5 miles to west and changes altitude and sways left to right while getting closer and further.  I suspect this is some type of surveillance  or data gathering drone but it must be much larger than the common drone that most  people are familiar with.  No sounds can be heard from either object.;40.0859;-75.8886
