Silent and very fast blunt-nosed isoceles triangular craft with slight aura travelled from horizon to horizon at night.;2010-08-01 00:30:00;2 seconds;Silent and very fast blunt-nosed isoceles triangular craft with slight aura travelled from horizon to horizon at night. My 2 friends and I were in the back yard around the firepit just after midnight. We were stargazing, which we often did.  I am an amateur astronomer and have seen some cool things in my 50+ years (several fireballs and strange moving lights that are not satellites or planes) but this was the most amazing.  It appeared to be a triangular craft that streaked across the sky very quickly.  We all looked at each other with amazement right at that moment, so I know it wasn't just me thinking I saw something, or a figment of my imagination. Later, we compared notes, and we all had seen the same thing. We were observing from Dawson Creek, BC (Canada) . The object travelled roughly from the northwest towards the southeast.  It was triangular, but an acute isoceles in shape, not like the equilateral ones that I have heard about, perhaps conic, but it was very fleeting so all I can attest to was the 2-D triangular outline.  It was dark, so it was like looking at something that was dark gray against the black night sky, so it was sort of camouflaged, but it seemed to have a faint aura around it.  We had the sense that it was blunt-nosed (not sharply pointed at the nose), but not as wide as the space shuttle or anything like that if you saw it in sillhouette from underneath. It was VERY fast, appearing to travel from horizon to horizon in about 2 or 3 seconds. absolutely silent.  No engine noise, neither at that moment, nor afterwards.  No sonic boom, nor was there even a whoosh sound that something moving very fast would be expected to make as it travelled through the atmosphere. Nothing. We had the sense that it was not very high up. Perhaps somewhere between 5,000 and 7,000 feet or so, so we should have heard something at some point if it was any sort of commonly known propulsion. It was definitely not as high as standard commercial jets. It's travel path was straight and appeared to be angled about 15-20 degrees towards the south of the zenith at the point we were observing from (not quite straight overhead). We didn't have the feeling that it was ET's or anything like that. We ended up feeling like it was a very advanced military craft of some sort.  For example, it's travel path was consistent of something as if it was travelling from a base in Alaska towards Cold Lake, or Suffield (Canadian forces bases in Alberta) or something like that, but now we're only speculating.;55.7685;-120.234
