Dark Figure Flying Over Maize Kansas;2008-01-28 23:15:00;3-5 minutes;Dark Figure Flying Over Maize Kansas Here is my story of my sighting: Witness #1 On January 28th 2008 around 11:15pm in Maize, Kansas, I was in my backyard with my son to take the dog out.  I was sitting there looking up at the stars, ( the sky was clear and no wind) a typical thing for me to do, and all of the sudden there was this dark thing flying over our heads.  Just as I said what the heck is that, my 10 year old son looked up and saw the same thing.  It was moving at a slow steady pace.  It was dark out so there was just enough light to make out the outline of this object.  I say object but really it looked more like some kind of creature, not an inanimate craft.  As far as size goes, being dark it was hard to judge the distance in height, but it appeared to definitely be above the tree line but lower than an airplane that is usually way up there.  It was probably about 20-30 feet in length and 15 feet wide. Around the time of the sighting, an airplane did go by on the other side of my house, it was flying kind of low as it was coming in to land.  It had all it’s lights on and I would say this thing was probably as high as that plane.  It was dark in color, kind of an ashy blackish brown color.   From my point of view, (directly under it) it didn’t appear to have wings, and was sort of lumpy around the edges, kind of like a blob.  It’s belly looked to be very smooth and flat, sort of like the belly of a stingray.  It had no lights, no sound, it was totally silent and was gliding very smoothly through the sky.  It had what I would describe as a tail although it just looked a little more narrow than the body of it. We were able to watch it for about 3 -5 minutes before it was out of our view.  I know this was not a bird, not a balloon, it was not a hawk or an eagle, or a flock of geese.  It reminded me much of a creature  from the ocean, such as a whale.    I don’t have any photos of it, when I saw it I couldn’t take my eyes off of it.  I was stunned and very curious.  I have drawn a picture to the best of my artistic ability (which isn’t saying much) but you will be able to get! the ide a.   I have been looking now for it to come back and if it does I will get an actual picture of it.  Thank you.  The story of my sighting Witness #2 It all started when my mom looked up and I looked up too, and what I saw was … a dark colored unidentified flying object, flying slow through the air and it was heading north.  When we went in we looked up to try and see if we could see it again but we never did.;37.7758;-97.4737
