Texas, 1989, Orb in upper Earth atmosphere--ridiculous movements--impossible speeds;1989-08-15 01:00:00;1 minute;Texas, 1989, Orb in upper Earth atmosphere--ridiculous movements--impossible speeds I’m way late on this one (1989), but just became a believer 2 nights ago when I happened across a documentary that covered “orbs.”   We had explained the sighting away and forgot about it. A buddy and I were 16 years old and camping about an hour east of Houston, Tx (5 miles north our tiny home town).  This is cow country, quite rural and remote, especially back then. There were four of us, but the other two were sleeping.  It was a cloudless August night.  We were enjoying some the stars (and his Dad’s beer we stole) before bed. We were facing south toward the Gulf which is an hour’s drive from there.  I noticed an airplane drifting from Houston (west) toward Beaumont (east). I remember saying something like “that must be a military jet it’s way up there.”  It was perfectly silent, so that made initial sense.  This area is a flight path for the Houston airports we grew up there.  We knew what commercial jets looked like at night—and you can definitely always hear them, especially in the still of the night. My buddy said something like “it can’t be an airplane, that thing might not even be in the atmosphere it’s so high.”  It’s moving way to fast to be a plane. I suggested it must be a satellite reflecting the sun to us, but I had never seen one before.  So we’re trading ideas of what we’re looking at.  It appeared to be no lower than our upper atmosphere, but probably under the satellites.  Remember, back then there weren’t many satellites. Maybe it was 45 to 60 seconds of watching.  Then it happened. This thing did something that was simply impossible.  It bounced up and down like a graph of a Cosmic Ray high peak to trough in a relatively short space.  In about 1 to 1.5 seconds it must of oscillated 8 to 10 times.  Then it shot back in mostly the same direction it came from, maybe at a 30 degree angle over where it just came from (the west).  The problem is, it went from a nice slow visual pace to something near the speed of light. From the moment it quit proceeding to the East, it only took about 0.5 seconds for this thing to cover (I swear we’re not crazy) many thousands of miles.  It appeared to be many, a great many, diameters of the earth. We had what I’m sure is a normal reaction to this we both shouted at the same time “Did you see that S---T?!?!?” That woke up the other two.  They were upset and accused us of being drunk.  We had each had maybe 6 beers.  We were weekend drinkers, so not really drunk yet. The other two stuck their heads out of the tent, but weren’t interested in “our prank” until morning.  They never believed us, and I don’t blame them.  We did get very drunk after that and stayed up almost till daylight trading ideas. Since what we saw was impossible, we settled on this explanation:  We were watching a satellite that just happened to quit reflecting sun light at the exact moment a meteor just happened to flam up and streak the other way.  A handy description I’ve used is that it moved like the Star Ship Enterprise gunning it for “warp 9.”  The bouncing around we dismissed as the initial explosion of the falling star. There was a very brief trail, but never since (I’m 40 now) have I seen a falling star like that.  He and I started hunting at about 10-12 years old.  We had spent many and hour watching stars and falling stars waiting for the sun to rise.  Plus we loved to go camping.  We each must of seen 100 falling stars by the age of 16. My subconscious new it wasn’t a falling star, but my conscious mind prevailed and I remained a non-believer for 24 more years. When I realized that someone video-taped something 98% similar (I never watch UFO stuff) I went into a light case of shock as my mind considered the ramifications. I’ve picked up quite a bit of physics and theoretical physics since 16.  My guess is this thing wasn’t from outer space, it came from hyperspace (5 or more dimensions). I went from making fun of guys like you to instant belief.  Sorry I’m a quarter of a century late with this one LOL.  I hope this helps someone. Dan  P.S. I’m holding off until my Christmas visit back home to show Don the video-got to see his reaction in person! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));30.0091;-94.8746000000001
