saw what was reported as earth rakers;1999-11-16 19:00:00;2mns.;saw what was reported as earth rakers I'm not sure if i believe what i saw was what i was told i saw by the local news. there were three fireballs , fairly equally separated. We were travelling in the car , on N. Territorial from west to east.I had been looking out of the car window as usual, suddenly there were these fireballs, and i thought i was seeing things. they had long colorful tails and were keeping pace with the car, then speeded up and soared toward the east. I don't know what i saw but it was spectacular and scary. ((name and e-address deleted)).;42.4557;-83.6542
On 16-Nov-99 at about 7:12 PM EST I witnessed a dramatic fireball in the sky over South Lyon, Michigan, a small town just to the North ;1999-11-16 19:12:00;90 to 120 seconds;On 16-Nov-99 at about 7:12 PM EST I witnessed a dramatic fireball in the sky over South Lyon, Michigan, a small town just to the North of Ann Arbor. On 16-Nov-99 at about 7:12 PM EST I witnessed a dramatic fireball in the sky over South Lyon, Michigan, a small town just to the North of Ann Arbor. It went from horizon to horizon traveling from west to east - the exact opposite direction from which the anticipated Leonid Meteor Shower was to occur. I did not actually time it, but I believe that it was visible between a minute and a half and two minutes--long enough for me to study it as it traversed the sky. As the fireball crossed the sky, it gave off several very bright colors that appeared to be a metallic disintegration or burning. It was glowing predominantly white on the leading edge with blue just behind the white. In my mind, the blue indicated that a copper compound or copper substance was involved. There was some red and yellow as well, and as I observed it, I could clearly see chunks coming off it and burning up in the same manner as the main fireball. It left a smoke trail, but I did not hear a sonic boom as I expected that I might. My first thought was that I was witnessing the reentry of the MIR space station, or something similar in nature. It did NOT appear to be an intelligently controlled craft--unless it was a craft in great distress. It would be difficult to say exactly what I saw.  However, I do know that what I saw was NOT a meteor, and clearly NOT associated with the anticipated Leonid Meteor Shower. I have been watching meteor showers for over forty years now and I know exactly what a meteor looks like.  I am appalled that the news media was so quick to report that this event was part of the anticipated Leonid Meteor Shower.  That was clearly NOT what I witnessed. I have been a pilot since I was in my teens and spent four years as an air traffic controller for the FAA.  I am also an amateur astronomer and I feel very comfortable about recognizing and identifying anything that appears in the sky.;42.4557;-83.6542
