Big Iso-triangular craft 3 bright white lights tight up front, flashing center red, several bright whites in a row in back, slight hum;2011-12-26 23:54:00;15 Seconds;Big Iso-triangular craft 3 bright white lights tight up front, flashing center red, several bright whites in a row in back, slight hum First sighting [One Witness] smaller looking craft with solid red light in the rear of craft with solid white lights on either corner. Craft was close enough to be with in ear shot (flying at normally observed height range) but no sound (or very quiet for this matter) was emitted. A small private plane off in the distance confirmed that it (although much further away) displayed the traditional red, green and white light configuration. Moments later a much larger triangular craft at a higher altitude than previous craft started to come from the SW to NE direction appeared in sight. Upon spotting this brightly lit craft, I ran outside, my father also witnessing the very little sound, and clear triangular shape. The craft appeared to be rather large, with a flashing center red light and 3 bright white lights near the front and several bright white lights near the rear in a horizontal line. The layout was as isosceles wedge. I live very, very close to the Oaklan! d/Southwest Airport and have for most of my life and have seen all sorts of aircraft and what the look and sound like and this I assure you is no 'normal' craft. Thank you for reading. [Location South Lyon Michigan, Deer Creek Drive. Craft moving from West to East, at altitudes not suggesting any sort of landing in nearby airfield, although heading over it. I unfortunately did not take a picture but have a simple sketch to verify what I and my father saw at that moment after.];42.4557;-83.6542
I was outside and noticed a bright orb in the sky with a hazy glow around it.  Wanting to see if I was right claiming it was Venus.;2015-04-18 22:30:00;2 hours;I was outside and noticed a bright orb in the sky with a hazy glow around it.  Wanting to see if I was right claiming it was Venus, I took out my Google sky map.  After looking with phone pointed directly at it, it showed nothing was in it's place.   It then started to come in closer and back away and then go up and down but always a steady slide to the right with red lights flashing more and more frequently and the hazy glow coming back every time it backed up.   After thoroughly chasing this down in my yard (it kept going past the tree line), two white balls of light flew maybe 10 ft above our heads abd right towards the craft for about an hour and fifteen minutes, I could only faintly see it through the trees moving away from me at an even altitude.  It was headed towards our neighborhood park so me and my brother decided to follow it.   After getting there the craft had already completely turned around and I was now looking at it from the bottom.  Triangle shape with 3 red lights on each point and on top was the bright like I had seen.  It seemed to be avoiding me cause it left to another direction so fast.  Not blasting off yet just going to a different area to do whatever was being done.  As I'm watching this one craft fly further and further, I look up to my left to see another one coming from the same direction.  Same look.  It made a sharp turn and went behind the next tree line and I then look back and one is coming in bigger and bigger the sky.  Again same motion with the quick turn but it went towards my house.   So I called it quits and we went home and were talking on the patio about to to realize they were almost purposefully passing over us, watching us.  Idk if it was the same 3, or 3 more, but rregardless, one would come and pass by and curve right over us and as that one was leaving the next would come from a different direction.  Every singl ((NUFORC Note:  Star or planet, we suspect.  PD));42.4557;-83.6542
Saw a HUGE bright, fully lit, blueish white triangle fly straight down to the horizon beyond the trees, then it flew east. SUPER FAST.;2015-11-23 20:45:00;5 seconds;Saw a HUGE bright, fully lit, blueish white triangle fly straight down to the horizon beyond the trees, then it flew east.  SUPER FAST. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.4557;-83.6542
