((HOAX))  flying saucer speeds by overhead while bystanders are appaled while the traind investigator me is not surprised.;2008-08-21 14:00:00;30sec;flying saucer speeds by overhead while bystanders are appaled while the traind investigator me is not surprised. two individuals spotted a shiny disk shaped craft speed by overhead. it looked like one of the ships that were jetisond from the cigar shaped craft the night before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));41.4866;-71.3295
UFO photo sighting;2010-06-03 14:00:00;Unknown;UFO photo sighting UFO sighting off castle hill, Newport, rhode island.   We were taking photos of Newport harbor on a digital camera and when we reviewed photos the UFO appeared as you can see below.   UFO was not seen except for in photo.   We were standing in an open field with nothing above us or around.;41.4866;-71.3295
Dark stationary object w/ no lights some type of stat. undercarriage.  ((NUFORC Note:  Report from Air Traffic Controller.  PD));2010-07-15 19:45:00;3 to 4 minutes;Large dark stationary object with dark stationary object. From Newport RI next to the Coast Guard Station at the Oceancliff resort, looking west toward Jamestown RI a half hour before sunset.   I and ((name deleted)) (my wife’s brother in law) observed a dark stationary object in the western sky, silhouetted against a clear sky.  I estimated it to be 10 to 15 miles away so it was a large craft.   It had no lights and it appeared they have some type of stationary dark stationary object.  It looked to be about 2000 feet.   I was not able to get a good camera shot of the object as it was approaching dusk and hard to see. ((NUFORC Note:  Report from Air Traffic Controller.  Date in July 2010 is approximate.  PD));41.4866;-71.3295
Hovering Saucer with 3 blue/white thruster looking lights. large and undeniably visible.;2021-02-20 22:00:00;2-3 minutes;Hovering Saucer with 3 blue/white thruster looking lights. large and undeniably visible. While driving down a road that I drive down almost daily a bright object caught my eye, I was curious instantly. I could see the edge of what looked like a disk but at first you could distinctively see lights on what seemed to be the underside or bottom of the saucer. My immediate thought was there are no red or blue flashing lights and the object was flying too low to be any plane. As we got closer it started to show itself more. It was clearly hovering and not only do planes not fly that low around here... Planes dont hover! it proceeded to slowly move north. From my perspective it was hovering over what seemed to be the area of the hospital more so toward the Newport Naval Base. The object seemed to turn or slowly flip to where i could distinctively see 3 circles of light that werent perfect circles and they where glowing blueish white light that was bright enough to outline the shape of the object. It was a big object bigger than any drone and any plane ! or helicopter that flies around here. As soon as it showed the three lights that where shaped like if you connected them they would make a perfect triangle, the bottom light flickered a couple times. The lights, to me, seemed like some kind of propulsion system like thrusters and the lights were some sort of fuel/power source. The object had some sort of cloaking capability because you could see the 3 lights/thrusters and the outline but the bottom of the ship seemed to camoflage with the sky. The way this object moved and hovered alone was unlike anything ive ever seen and i have been to air shows and have seen the most modern of planes fly, ive seen the f-22 raptor up close and a b-52 bomber. This object possessed technology and abilities that werent anything from this planet. In no way shape or form did i feel threatened by this object and it seemed to be showing itself on purpose like it was staring directly into the car. I was with two other people and i was not the dr! iver so my eye was glued to this object the whole time. it slo! wly move d and the driver was too dumb to follow so it went beyond the line of site and dissapeared. This thing was big. the two other i was with saw the object and it was real, it was the most intense thing ive ever seen. knowing just about 100% that what i saw no doubt was a UFO and was most likely piloted by Extra Terrestrials it absolutely blew my mind and will forever. The object was soo big and vivid it was undeniable what i saw and believe me or not i know what i saw and i believed before that they may exist. After last night there is no doubt. It has peeked my curiosity and im craving more. Seeing this object would have made even the most skeptical of skeptics believe, i am skeptical and i dont just assume i thought of all the possibilities on what it could possibly be before i thought UFO. Theres nothing on this planet that can move and be as big as that object. I hope people start to believe more and accept these beings because who knows how much they can help the human rac! e.;41.4866;-71.3295
