11-16-04 On this night both the anniversary of my fathers death and the birth of my grandfather I had an intense UFO experience. While;2004-11-16 21:00:00;4 min;11-16-04 On this night both the anniversary of my fathers death and the birth of my grandfather I had an intense UFO experience.  While laying on the couch I received some kind of message to get up, grab the binoculars and lay under my skylight and look for movement. I remember seeing a couple flashes of light in the star field and being frustrated.  I said to myself come on now lets not play hide and seek just then I spotted what looked like two saucer shaped craft at about thirty thousand feet. They were huge I could make out lights emanating out from the edges, while coming to grip with the fact that I am looking at real UFOS suddenly through my field of view at about five hundred feet flew a totally silent black triangle. I only saw it for a moment because I was looking through the binoculars and it was so close. At this point I put down the binoculars and went down to my mothers apartment to tell her whats over the roof I think she was concerned that I was going crazy. Sitting in amazement over what I had just seen I started to feel frightened, cotton mouth, heart racing, the works it felt like I was being probed while sitting in that chair. My mother calmed me down and I gained my composure back, I said to myself no more star gazing tonight!. The following night I called my sister to talk about the event, she is a spiritual healer (healingthehologram.com) I told her that I felt like the aliens probed me. She told me to ask what the alien called itself the name Ether came to my mind weird!. We talked for hours till 9pm and I felt much better. As I hung up the phone I looked up and out the skylight and this time gliding at about 200 feet and 20mph rotating slowly was another huge silent triangle with orange plasma round lights on each corner, there is no doubt that they knew I was looking at them, it flew directly over head then turned 90 degrees and flew off WOW up close and personal! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));41.4866;-71.3295
occuring right now;2008-03-31 01:00:00;present;very important. no joke.  i see again a red and white  blinking lite hovering over atlantic ocean.  this is not a joke.  it is occuring right now ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous  provides little contact information.  PD));41.4866;-71.3295
