(I HAVE ALL OF THIS ON VIDEO. 11 MINUTES) A &quotlight&quot appeared in the night sky seemingly out of nowhere in the distance. I've;2021-03-30 20:42:00;10:59;(I HAVE ALL OF THIS ON VIDEO. 11 MINUTES) A &quotlight&quot appeared in the night sky seemingly out of nowhere in the distance. I've (I HAVE ALL OF THIS ON VIDEO. 11 MINUTES) A light appeared in the night sky seemingly out of nowhere in the distance. I've seen this same light in roughly the same spot three times before this. The object is suspended and the air and is brighter than anything else in the night sky. As I watched it I could see many different colors and an undeniably different glow about it.   It stood hovering in the air for multiple minutes only moving ever so much overtime. From the left I spotted another glowing object heading right into the line of direction of the first stationary one . The object continued closer and seemed to go right through or at least directly in front of the stationary light.   The object continued on right and eventually stopped in the sky and was blinking in place. This object ended up being directly across from the first one in some kind of formation. After reviewing the video I found a third one which would make three in a line. As I focused back in on the first bright stationary objects after a moment or so I can see some kind of flickering of light right to the right of it. It continues doing this for a few seconds and then, out of nowhere a bright light appeared identical to the first one.   Now there are two large bright objects in the sky in addition to the two less bright ones to the right. Found the same time the first stationary light starts very slowly heading left. It did this for several seconds and stopped in the sky again. Again after reviewing the video I noticed other lights around this object in the sky at that time. The light noticeably begins to glow more around it, you can see the brilliance of the light. The object directly, but very close over me.   I saw different colors and a strange formation underneath the craft as it went overhead. It was Unbelievable. The object continued right in the night sky and flew off into the distance. I put my camera back on the second light that had appeared out of nowhere and it was still there.   In the last few seconds of my video I also captured another unidentified flying object in the sky. This is not a joke, this is not a prank. I have video Evans for every single thing that I've said here.;41.4866;-71.3295
