Bright white lights came close enough to see a triangular shaped craft with bright circular lights on its bottom.;2011-03-20 19:40:00;3 minutes;Bright white lights came close enough to see a triangular shaped craft with bright circular lights on its bottom. My sixteen year old daughter and myself were driving home from dropping her boyfriend off when she  pointed to a bright light in the sky.  It was late dusk, 7:40 PM, and the sky was not completely dark.  We knew it was not the moon it had been extremely huge and bright the night before.  This was not nearly as large as the moon, and much brighter and larger than a star, although it was the bright goldish white color of a star.  We realized that it could be neither of those, and that it actually wasn't very high in the sky.  We both kept repeating that it wasn't a plane, and what was it? The light suddenly dimmed. We were getting closer to it.  I was driving and the light was getting close to the top of my view from the windsheild.  It had been heading to the top right corner of my windshield when it turned and passed directly over us.  We were leaning forward (I was barely driving at this point) and it flew slowly above us.  At that point we could see very clearly t hat it was a craft but was not a plane. It was triangular and had no wings and no sharp edges.  I'd say it was a triangular disc.  The circular lights went around the parameter of the object and they pulsated from bright to dimmer.  Three of the lights were a lot brighter than the others.  I think there were seven lights in all, the three brighter ones were a bit more of a yellow white than the lighter, whiter ones.  It did not stop it continued to our left at a moderate rate of speed, lights still blinking as it slowly disappeared.  Fortunatly for us, when we got home and told my husband and sons, they believed us.  I'm not saying this machine was from another planet, but it definatly is not like anything I have ever heard described anywhere other than by others who have seen what they call U.F.O.'s.  And, if it is some highly advanced aircraft secretly developed by our military, why are they flying over a rural area of Pennsylvania so slowly?;40.4076;-77.3165
