You spend a good part of your life a non-believer, until one day you see something that will change your view forever!!;1991-05-13 22:00:00;2-3 minutes;You spend a good part of your life a non-believer, until one day you see something that will change your view forever!! I was sitting in the passenger seat of my parents' van, along with my Mother and my cousin. I glanced out my window (to the right) and noticed lights flashing in the night sky. I asked my mom to pull off the road so we could see what the lights were. I opened my door and stood on the running board to get a good look at the lights. There were at least 20-30 square shaped white lights all in a row, and each one would light up one right after the other, and move from left to right and then move back from the right to left. My Mom, my cousin and I just stood outside the van and watched this object move right over top of us. It was moving at a speed approximately 5-10 km/h. The object had no other lights on it besides the ones flashing on the front of it. As the object flew over top of us, I noticed that it was round in shape. It cast a dark shadow against the starlit night sky. I also noticed there was absolutely no sound coming from the object as it flew over top. I live in a mountainous area, and this object was flying from the north part of the mountainous area, and moving southward to the open waters. I would estimate the object was flying about 100 feet above the trees. My Mom, cousin and I watched the object's shadow until it was no longer visible (due to the trees across the road). There were no lights behind the object, it was a dark shadow gliding through the night sky, not making a sound. As my Mom, cousin and I got back into the van, we all looked at eachother in disbelief to what we had just witnessed seeing. There is no other explanation in my opinion, except to say that we had just witnessed seeing a U.F.O. Approximately 8 years later, there was a write up in my local paper asking for people to come forward in regard to U.F.O. sightings in our area. I feel that we seem to live in silence with information such as this, but now I would like for my story to be shared with other's who may have found themself to be a disbeliever. I was a skeptic, now since the sighting, have come to believe in som! ething o ther then ourselves! ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));49.4667;-123.7667
