9 Orange balls of light that flew in the same pattern, seen by 3 people in East Texas.;2020-02-02 21:30:00;1 hour;9 Orange balls of light that flew in the same pattern, seen by 3 people in East Texas. My husband (54) and cousin (50) were sitting on the back patio after the super bowl.  They saw 4 orange lights that came from the south to the north, one after the other.  The lights were low.  At first thought perhaps it (they) were an airplane heading to the small county airport north of us.  But there was no sound.  Nothing.  They glowed orange.  Came northbound and then would turn east, speed up and just disappear.  EACH one of these lights followed very similar paths and ALL did the same thing. My husband and cousin came inside to tell me the story.  I was getting the baby to sleep.  (I am 53 years old - the baby is my granddaughter).  I laughed and told them that was a wild story.  So I went outside with them (baby too) and they continued to talk about how odd it was.  At this point they had seen 4 orange glowing balls of light.  We were speculating on what it could possibly be!  My husband did say with one of the glowing balls of light that he thought he could make out some kind of structure to the craft. All of a sudden, another orange ball of light appeared.  This was identical to what they had seen.  Same path, same turn and disappearance of the object.  I was stunned.  But then more came, one after the other.  We saw 5 orange glowing ball shaped objects when I was outside and a total for the night of 9. We recorded 4 of them.  It was difficult to get a good image on the recording.  The light doesn't show the orange we saw.  We recorded them on our cell phones. Both my husband and I are veterans of the USAF.  We have seen many types of planes, even hot air balloons, but we have NEVER seen anything like this before in our lives. We would love to know what they were.  Is there a logical explanation?  Have you heard of this type of sighting before? Thank you;31.1966;-94.773
