Strange lights over Ocean Isle Beach, NC.;2009-09-15 21:30:00;15 MINUTES;Strange lights over Ocean Isle Beach, NC. We were sitting on the front porch and we saw four round lights in the sky over the ocean. They would turn off and on and then disappear.  Several minutes later, it happened all over again only in a different part of the sky.  Sometimes there were only one or two lights and other times there were three or four.  They would flash in the sky and then disappear.  It was obviously not a plane because airplane lights were constantly flashing, these were not.  We did not see any objects, only lights.  There was no trail on the lights, like fireworks or a flare.;33.8881;-78.4287
4 reddish-orange lights, 3 of them closer together over the ocean, flashing on and off in a sequence.;2011-03-29 21:00:00;10 Minutes;4 reddish-orange lights, 3 of them closer together over the ocean, flashing on and off in a sequence. My husband went outside around 9 pm and saw some lights over the ocean.  He called me out to the porch and we could see them clearly for about 5 minutes. There were 4 lights with 3 of them being closer together and one kind of separate.  They were reddish orange in color and very bright.  It appeared that they were flashing on and off in a sequence.  After several sequences they disappeared. Approximately 5 minutes later two of them reappeared in a different location, not too far from the original location.  They were only visible for a few seconds and then were gone.;33.8881;-78.4287
Lights at Ocean Isle Beach;2011-06-16 20:00:00;30 minutes;Lights at Ocean Isle Beach My family and I have been spending a lot of time at Ocean Isle Beach, NC recently. I am an FAA licensed pilot that flies regularly and I am always watching the skies since I also love astronomy.  I have read multiple other reports lately from nearby Myrtle Beach, SC, and Holden Beach, NC, of strange orange lights appearing. On June 16th, I saw at least 4 stationary orange lights at different times blink on and off a few miles out over the ocean around 8 PM.  When I saw the first one, which was due South at about 25 degrees elevation, my first thought was it was  plane switching on its landing light as it was nearing Ocean Isle airport.   The light was only on for about 10 seconds and then went out.    Over the next 15-30 minutes, I saw the same thing repeated at least 3 more times in different spots in the same vicinity over the ocean.;33.8881;-78.4287
Strange Lights over Ocean Isle Beach, NC;2011-06-28 20:30:00;1 hour;Strange Lights over Ocean Isle Beach,NC My family and I have been spending a lot of time at Ocean Isle Beach, NC, recently. On three separate occasions since June 9th, I have seen strange orange lights blink on and off and sometimes maneuver in various patterns. I am an FAA licensed pilot that flies regularly and I am always watching the skies since I also love astronomy.  I have read multiple other reports lately from nearby Myrtle Beach, SC, and Holden Beach, NC of similar orange lights appearing. Let me describe my 3 recent sightings:  6-9-11: I saw at least 4 stationary orange lights blink on and off a few miles out over the ocean around 8 PM.  When I saw the first one , which was due South at about 25 degrees elevation, my first thought was it was  plane switching on its landing light as it was nearing Ocean isle airport.  The light was only on for about 10 seconds and then went out.  Over the next 15-30n minutes, I saw the same thing repeated at least 3 more times in different spots in the same vicinity over the ocean. 6-28-11: This was the most interesting sighting, which was also witnessed by my 15 year old daughter and 13 year old son.  Around 9 PM , my daughter comes inside the house to say she thinks she saw a UFO.  When I go out, I see an orange light near the spot of the one on June 16th and we watch it until it fades out.  For the next hour between periodic orange lights appearing, we also see faint twinkling lights similar to aircraft strobe lights  which randomly twinkle in different spots in the southern sky over the ocean.  They looked similar to aircraft strobes that you can  see on various high altitude aircraft traffic  5 to 10 miles away that are  visible on any clear night.  But these lights were so jumping around so much in the distance, that I was not one aircraft on a set course.  The last sighting that night, was of two orange lights slowing rotating around each other before fading out.  The motion of the two lights resembled what you would see if  a small aircraft was banking its wings at night, except of course both lights were orange instead of one red and one green.  Those two then faded out completely  6-30-11: While sitting outside alone around 9 PM, I am watching the sky over the ocean,  but don't see anything until I glance behind me to the North toward Ocean Isle airport ( which is only a mile away).  Just in an area where you would see an airplane on downwind leg to the airport, I watch a steady orange light cruising over the airport , no sound, for about 15 seconds before fading out completely.  That was the only sighting that night.;33.8881;-78.4287
Strange lights over Ocean Isle Beach;2011-06-28 21:00:00;I hour;Strange lights over Ocean Isle Beach My family and I have been spending a lot of time at Ocean Isle Beach, NC recently. I am an FAA licensed pilot that flies regularly and I am always watching the skies since I also love astronomy. I have read multiple other reports lately from nearby Myrtle Beach, SC and Holden Beach, NC of strange orange lights appearing. On June 28th, I saw strange lights which was also witnessed by my 15 year old daughter and 13 year old son.   Around 9 PM , my daughter comes inside the house to say she thinks she saw a UFO over the ocean.   When I go out, I see an orange light almost due South about 20 degrees elevation and we watch it for about 30 seconds until it fades out.   For the next hour between periodic orange lights appearing, we also see faint twinkling lights similar to aircraft strobe lights  which randomly twinkle in different spots from about 45 degrees to the left and right while facing South over the ocean.   These lights crossed our field of view very fast in various directions.  They looked similar to aircraft strobes that you can  see on various high altitude aircraft traffic 5 to 10 miles away that are  visible on any clear night.  But these lights were so jumping around so fast in the distance, that it could not be one aircraft on a set course.   The last sighting that night, was of two orange! lights very low over the water, slowing rotating around each other before fading out.  I would estimate the distance of the lights at 2 miles.  The motion of the two lights resembled what you would see if  a small aircraft was banking its wings at night, except of course both lights were orange instead of one red and one green.   Those two then faded out completely.;33.8881;-78.4287
Orange Light;2011-06-30 21:00:00;15 seconds;My family and I have been spending a lot of time at Ocean Isle Beach, NC recently. I am a 55 year old FAA licensed pilot that flies regularly and I am always watching the skies since I also love astronomy.  I have read multiple other reports lately from nearby Myrtle Beach, SC, and Holden Beach, NC, of strange orange lights appearing. On June 30th, while sitting outside alone around 9 PM, I am watching the sky over the ocean, but don't see anything unusual until I glance behind me to the North toward Ocean Isle airport (which is only a mile away).   In the exact area where you would normally see an airplane on downwind leg to runway 24 at the airport, I watch a steady orange light cruising in a straight line near the airport, silently, for about 15 seconds before fading out completely.  It appeared to be cruising around 100 knots and to be between me and the airport.   A few minutes later, a small general aviation plane flew almost the same pattern with the expected engine noise.   The orange light was definitely not part of a conventional aircraft, due to the speed combined with the lack of noise.;33.8881;-78.4287
I am a 55 year old business owner from Raleigh, NC and have been an FAA  licensed  pilot  for 37 years. I have an interest in astronomy;2011-10-12 20:00:00;20 minutes;I am a 55 year old business owner from Raleigh, NC and have been an FAA  licensed  pilot  for 37 years.  I have an interest in astronomy and am always watching the skies.   On Wed. night, Oct. 12 around 8 PM, I was at a beachfront house in Ocean Isle Beach, NC facing East observing the full moon and lightning flashes far out to sea.  I began a 20 minute Video recording with my Sony SR11 AVCHD camera to record the distant lightning which according to a weather website was over a hundred miles out to sea.  During my recording, I captured about a dozen total orange glowing stationary lights similar to lights I observed on three separate nights last June while at the same beach.   In June, the lights would stay on for up to 30 seconds and sometimes rotate around each other.  This time, they would light up for only a few seconds before fading out.  The orange lights appear as white on the video due to camera low light limitations.   Note that Myrtle Beach, SC, is just south of Ocean Isle and I have read multiple reports of orange glowing lights recently from that more populated tourist area. My video is aimed  East looking down the beach.  Among the recognizable items are a neighbor’s  white stairs to the beach, A lighted bouy about a mile away, a flashing beacon to the left which I think is Brunswick Co airport about 20 miles away.  Old Baldy lighthouse on Bald Head Island is visible flashing to the right which is about 25 miles away.  In the sky the full moon is a somewhat fuzzy large orb and the planet Jupiter is constantly visible to the lower left of the moon. There are 5 separate times from the video beginning that had one or more lights appear and fade out. They are at the 2:52, 4:12, 12:33, 18:50, and 19:20 marks.  My favorite was the 12:33 minute mark where at least 5 orbs were visible at once.  I will attach a freeze frame from the video showing 4 of them.  The 2 most far right orbs appear again at the 18:50 and 19:20 marks.  It almost appears that those two may be actually one object with 2 lights due to the exact same spacing each time. I would estimate the objects were between 1 and 2 miles away at between 500 and 1,000 feet altitude. And objects were totally  silent as they were in June.;33.8881;-78.4287
Orange lights and lots of jets;2012-07-18 21:00:00;seconds;Orange lights and lots of jets Heard lots of jets going fast.  Went outside to see and saw orange light surrounded by little white and red lights moving around it -- Helicopters or jets?   The orange light just went out and the other little lights kept circling around for a few minutes;33.8881;-78.4287
Yellow lights;2012-09-12 20:03:00;15 minutes;yellow lights Seen two bright white lights sequencing towards one another.  Seen a white light flash eight times in vertical straight line, then fade away.  Then speratic white lights moving across sky, then disapper. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.8881;-78.4287
Saw 10 to 12 orange lights in a cube formation flying from east to west near the OIB airport.  Heavy cloudcover, only saw it for a few;2013-04-27 08:34:00;seconds;Saw 10 to 12 orange lights in a cube formation flying from east to west near the OIB airport.  Heavy cloudcover, only saw it for a few moments.  They faded away.  Could not get a pic with my phone.;33.8881;-78.4287
A string of five orange lights.;2013-10-15 20:30:00;3 seconds;A STRING OF FIVE ORANGE LIGHTS. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.8881;-78.4287
5 lights in the sky.;2014-08-20 22:30:00;5 seconds;5 lights in the sky. One light appeared high in the sky, almost as a very close star and was orange/yellow in color.   Then, a second, third, forth and fifth light appeared.   Once the fifth light appeared, all the lights quickly disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.8881;-78.4287
6 Strobing Lights in Formation + 2 Large Orbs + 1 Slow-moving Red Light.  Wow!;2016-03-22 22:20:00;25+ minutes;6 Strobing Lights in Formation + 2 Large Orbs + 1 Slow-moving Red Light.  Wow! I stepped out onto my second-floor porch, facing 260 degrees West, at approximately 10:20 p.m. ET.  Just to my right, I noticed 6 small, but bright lights, like “strobes”, the brightness of LED-type white lights.  They were lined up one behind the other, not in a straight line, but in a broken pattern, still flashing quickly.  I assume this was due to deviation in altitude or alignment on one side or the other.  If you picture a straight line, then they would look like one above, one below, etc.  They were not in a tight formation.  There was some distance between them.  I would estimate that they were no more than a quarter mile in front of me and an approximate altitude of 2,500 feet, give or take.  (This is a little harder for me to establish.)  They were moving from North to South, at a steady pace.   After observing for about 20 seconds, and questioning myself as to what they were, I opened the door and called for my friend to come outside.  He came straight out and the last two were just to my left, and no longer right in front of me.  All told, about 45 seconds.  We watched them continue about 177-180 degrees South, toward the beach.  It is about a .2-mile walk to the water‘s edge.  (This island, the next to last on the southern NC coast is no more than one-half mile wide at any point, and actually runs East-West.  It is less than 20 miles above the NC/SC state line and probably less, as the crow flies.)  We watched them until they could no longer be seen from our vantage point.  The street is lined with two and three-story houses on both sides and some with palms out front.  I must add that the western atmosphere was completely clear, no clouds whatsoever.  There is a street light outside, and, although the artificial lights do not allow the beauty of all the evening stars, it did not interfere with what we observed.  It was about 63 degrees and the wind was approximately 10 mph, S to N/NW.  We then went through the house to the back porch, facing East, but turning our attention South.  My friend went down the back staircase to the seawall and stood about 35 feet away  from where I was standing on the steps.  Within a minute we began to see the lights again, as they were now moving West to East.  We did not have a great vantage point though, as they were emerging from behind rooftops and there was a slight cloud cover looking South.  Now their appearance was in a “soup”.  However, we continued to watch and in another minute or two, there appeared a large and somewhat muted yellow-orange orb or light, I expect due to the cloud cover.  This was at approximately 160 degrees South and high above the rooftops.  It wasn’t completely round…almost like a fat tear-drop…lighter, pale yellow, at the top and more of a light orange around the bottom.  It was illuminated for about 2 - 2.5 seconds.  In about 5 - 7 seconds, another one appeared to the right, but was somewh! at smaller, and appeared for about 2 seconds.  About 30 seconds later, my friend could see only 3 of the lights, now moving West, still in formation.  The houses along the beach blocked his view.  He then walked through the yard to the front and stood in the street.  Still, the houses blocked his view.  He stated that they were at a lower altitude.  I continued to watch toward the South, but nothing.  However, within about 3-4 minutes, a red light appeared from that area (about 140 degrees SE), from behind the cloud cover, and turned Southeast to North.  It was at a higher altitude, and farther away.  It was traveling very slow.  I could not detect any other color than red.  My friend had come back through the house to the back and I pointed out the red light that had appeared.  I watched it off-and-on for at least 6-8 minutes.  Nothing else happened.  It was still traveling on a northern path when I came inside about 10:45 - 10:50 p.m. ET.  At that point the red light was at about 30 degrees North.  (My back door face 80 degrees East.);33.8881;-78.4287
2 very bright/deep orange lights appear and disappear, stationary, out over the NC ocean at a 30 degree angle off horizon.;2019-08-08 21:40:00;15 seconds;2 very bright/deep orange lights appear and disappear, stationary, out over the NC ocean at a 30 degree angle off horizon. At 9:40pm looking directly over the North Carolina ocean on a clear night with a half moon, we saw first one, then 2, deep orange glowing orbs over the ocean at an angle of 30 degrees.  On this night, that means these lights appeared stationary, halfway between the ocean horizon and the half moon.  From Ocean Isle Beach, 30 degrees into the sky and almost straight out into the ocean, but more like 20 degrees to the right/south.  Which was almost directly under the half moon at this time on this date. 3 nights prior, my brother and I saw a green fireball (meteor I assume) Bright green and going straight down into the water, directly straight over the ocean (probably burning up prior to hitting).  This night was another clear night and I was on the beachfront deck with 3 others: My wife, my friend, and my sister.  All 4 of us witnessed the event: brief but long enough for everyone to turn their heads and witness enough of it (both lights). The event itself: 1 deep orange stationary light appeared in the sky. It was about the overall luminosity of the half moon in the sky, so quite bright.  More of an orb than a small point.  Since we were spotting meteors, I yelled to look at that one coming right at us.  (Thinking it was a large fireball headed directly at us since it appeared stationary.)  But then it lasted too long and didn't move, and then started going out exactly as a 2nd one started glowing. Briefly this was like 2 orange headlights in the sky coming at us.  As a guess, it seemed like 3 miles out over the open ocean at a 30 degree angle into the sky off the horizon.  No boats in the area (some to the distant left and right), and no planes in the sky, at least none anywhere to be seen with lights on them.  Visibility was strong, with the milky way band of stars visible directly overhead despite the half moon. The 2 orange lights only lasted about 15 seconds and each appeared stationary, and locked, horizontal to each other.  Based on the distance away they appeared like they were 1/10 of a mile apart in the sky.  The first light lasted 6 seconds, then started to fade concurrent with an equal and opposite brightening of the 2nd light to the right of the first light.  Then the original light was gone and the light to the right was on, for about 5 additional seconds, then both were gone.  They came on and off but didn't move otherwise. I went online to see if this is common in NC, and it's ultra common over the last 20 years.  Lots of people seeing this type of thing and not a lot of good theories.  But this video from 6 months prior seems to show exactly what the 4 of us witnessed:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkUs79K940E   Closest guess would be military exercises, flares on parachutes.  But the lack of planes and the lack of smoke trails and any movement at all are an issue.  Also, some other events seem to last longer, this one was rather fast and not useful for flares unless they failed somehow.  Kind of a Chinese lantern glow but it was super windy that day and there was no movement, and we were watching the sky all night for meteors and I'm not sure how they could get out over the ocean and only ignite themselves briefly like that.  The shutting off of the one on the left and concurrent turning on of a new one on the right make it 10x more eerie than if it was just one odd light, because it seemed like it could signify intelligent intent - which could of course be a coincidence. When filing these reports does anyone get back to you to say what it was, or to see if they can confirm if there were military exercises off the coast of NC that night?  In the above similar event video online, it was in December and on a Tuesday rather than a Thursday night, but they said it happened between 9 and 10 pm which was a match, also a match in terms of appearing out in the ocean and slightly to the right.  Though above video appears like a 20 degree angle and our event was a bit higher in the sky. Just after and seemingly unrelated, way to the left/north up the coast was a very distant storm cloud with frequent lightning within the cloud, looking like stranger things type movie effect.  Visible lighting but eerie, and all within 1 cloud.  Very distant though and to the left rather than straight/right, where there were no clouds, boats or planes.  Though I guess that means some sort of exotic orange ball lighting could an angle.;33.8881;-78.4287
Blinking objects moving around the sky at Ocean Isle Beach, NC.;2020-06-25 21:30:00;30 minutes;Blinking objects moving around the sky at Ocean Isle Beach, NC. From the beach we saw 8-10 objects blinking and moving along individual trajectories.  The objects would quickly move, stop blinking for several seconds and change direction.  Some of them would disappear and then show up again.  They would also stop and become stationary at times.  After several minutes, they all moved out of sight.  These objects were initially about 30 degrees from the horizon.  Immediately after them disappearing, another light was visible for approximately 30 seconds.  This final light was much larger and had an orange glow.;33.8881;-78.4287
Single, bright light overhead, static followed by slow movement;2020-07-15 21:15:00;10 minutes;Single, bright light overhead, static followed by slow movement A light of unusual characteristics was observed at 9:15 (approx).  The light had no additional anti-collision lights - no flashing or blinking lights at all, no colored lights - none of the typical aircraft indicator lights typically seen with nighttime flight.  The light initially was mistaken as a planet, because of the static lighting and lack of movement.  After several minutes (~2min), however, the light began slowly moving/drifting across the sky to th NE.  It was positioned almost directly overhead - perhaps 5° from zenith. The movement was too slow to indicate a meteor, and it was almost as bright as Venus in the night sky, although the wrong location.  It was also far too bright to be a satellite, generally speaking and because it also had a significant period of no movement, it appears that it would not be a satellite. There was absolutely no noise.  I have had one or two sightings before, typically of metallic craft or fast-moving lights, but this one was different. It gave a distinct impression of something in observation mode (although I realize this is injecting too much opinion).  Overall, an interesting mystery.;33.8881;-78.4287
