A V-shaped object in the night sky, no noise, could only be seen with binoculars;2009-09-14 23:00:00;3 minutes;A V-shaped object in the night sky, no noise, could only be seen with binoculars I was visiting friends in Glendale, California just after the wildfires had begun to subside.  We thought we might be able to see them at night, I believe we heard there’d been another flare-up even though it’d been about a week or more since the really intense ones. So we were outside about 11p.m., standing on their quiet residential street when the 3 of us, me (57 years old), my friend (about 54), and his mother (about 86) saw a jewel-like thing shining in the northern sky, somewhere above Montrose.  It didn’t move, it was very small, didn’t glow or change colors (kind of clear, actually) but very noticeable. My friend went in to get binoculars to see if we could get a better look at it, and when he did, his mom and I looked away at stars and lost sight of it.  When he came out we could not find it, so they eventually went back in the house, but I decided to stay outside and just look at the beautiful California night sky. I’d occasionally put the binoculars up to my eyes, and since I wear glasses I had to keep adjusting them, not knowing whether to adjust them to my regular eyes without glasses or with my glasses on. I finally just left my glasses off and began looking up, straight up. Suddenly I saw a V-shaped object moving slowly southward. It did have smaller V shaped designs or window or something greenish colored, but not lighted, more of a glowing, I just followed it for a few seconds, maybe 5-10, then tried to look without binoculars.  But I saw nothing, even with my glasses on. When I put the binoculars back up to my eyes, I saw the same type of object except it wasn’t green, it was an ORANGE colored V-shaped object, also moving slowly southward.  I have no idea if it was the original object, or a second one, or what.  Again, no lights, more of a glowing of smaller V-shaped designs within the larger V-shaped object.  The point of the V led the object.  I could near nothing, nor see anything without the binoculars and have no idea how far up, or how big it was. I just guessed that it was some kind of military plane or something, I didn’t know UFO’s were ever reported to be V-shaped, until I saw something on TV last night (Oct 20, 2010) so I decided to report what I saw.;34.1174552716953;-118.260974043746
Rod/Stick Shaped UFO over Los Angeles;2012-07-20 19:35:00;15 minutes;Rod/Stick Shaped UFO over Los Angeles Just saw a UFO over Los Angeles. I'm in Glendale, CA and it was flying South West of where the 5 and the 135 freeways meet.  Maybe 1,500 feet above the ground.  It looked like A vertical stick, red on the ends, metallic in the middle.  On the middle chrome part it had white and blue lights.   It floated in the air for a few mins, then slowly started to travel South West until it was out of sight.  I know it's too perfect, and creepy, but a black unmarked helicopter flew above us right after the sighting.  This was my first UFO sighting.;34.1174552716953;-118.260974043746
11/11/17 UFO Sighting Glendale/Pasadena CA, Along 134/210 Freeway and up Lake Blvd.;2017-11-11 20:00:00;15 minutes;11/11/17 UFO Sighting Glendale/Pasadena CA, Along 134/210 Freeway and up Lake Blvd. I was driving around 8 pm or so east on the 134 freeway toward Pasadena, CA, on Saturday 11/11/17.  Around Glendale area before heading into Eagle Rock or so, I noticed on the left hand side up above the horizon above hills an object in the air that struck me as strange.  At first it was going in and out behind things.  The lights were strange, and movement strange.   Nothing like that has ever caught my attention before.  I watched it intently as best I could while driving on the freeway.  It then began following along the freeway the entire way I was going in a basically straight line, perhaps 10 miles?  At times I thought maybe it could be a blimp.  But it moved very unusually, not at all like a blimp moves -- gliding easily at high speed.  It kept pace in a straight firm line gliding along the freeway way too fast for a blimp, and somewhat farther down (lower) than you would expect on the horizon, for several miles.  It seemed almost like it was partially sh! rouded or camaflouged, like it was intentionally trying to be non-descript in its appearance/color, deflecting light. For some reason I had an instinct or sense like the object usually has camaflouge not expecting to be seen, but that wasn't fully working at that moment for some reason. It struck me that if I was a UFO, I would not want to be seen and would want to be camaflouged rather than flashy and conspicuous, so the non-descript quality seemed reasonable to me. I wanted to take a picture or video, but I could not safely do so while driving on the freeway. I kept watching it as a drove the whole way.  I then exited LAKE avenue off the 134/210 freeway into Pasadena, turning left and heading north. The object appeared to change directions almost like it was following me.  It too turned left and started heading north parallel to the direction of my car, just as it had been heading in a straight line along the freeway east before I exited and turned.  I know this sounds od! d and strange, but it almost felt like it could somehow sense ! that it knew I saw it and was intent and curious about that.  It caught my attention because it definitely did not seem normal or quite like anything I had seen before, and I could not explain what it was.  It did not move like any aircraft I know about.  Too smooth and fast, not a typical flight path, speed or positioning vis-a-vis the horizon. It seemed almost casual, like it was observing and didn't think it could be seen, and then somehow noticed I noticed it (though I don't know how that could be the case). I'm thinking possible Jacques Vallée resonant, a subjective, different order component to it.  I then pulled over on the road on Lake Blvd. in Pasadena so I could try to photograph it, and took the pictures attached here with my phone.  The first pic is a ZOOM IN on the second pic so you can see it better/closer up.  You can see where it is in the sky in the second because the perspective is stepped/angled back.  In the first zoomed in pic, the object looks like a shaded circle/orb shape titled partly 3/4 back with 3 round glowing lights on the bottom.  It continued to follow along side on the horizon up Lake Blvd. parallel to my car for a couple of miles.  I then turned off right to a side street going toward a residence and lost sight of it.  It held my attention as something strange I observed for around 15 minutes in total, a pretty long duration.  This is the first time I have ever felt like I might have seen a UFO.  It did feel instinctively like it was something unusual, and was something I could not explain or recognize.  I would like to know if there were other sightings reported at this same time and area. This is reported anonymously, to add discovery and investigation.  You can feel free to freely contact me with questions, information, or follow up, however.;34.1174552716953;-118.260974043746
