Girlfriend and I saw three red lights forming a triangle shape moving north. My first thought, Helicopter, but no sound was heard, from;1995-05-19 22:00:00;1:30;Summary : Girlfriend and I saw three red lights forming a triangle shape moving north. My first thought, Helicopter, but no sound was heard, from anything, when I think about it.approx (3) white smaller lights traveling with it. I'm starting to wonder if we were looking at something that , maybe..droped us off?I know how that sounds. This is gut feeling purely. First, this is all in retrospect, accuacy would require meeting with ex-girlfriend due to my lack of memory regarding anything prior to that sight.Sholl Canyon Park, top of Glenoaks Blvd, in Glendale, CA. A park is there where we would go to spend time  together, ie, the view..a couple thing. I recall being in the middle of the street with her, walking uphill, it seems we both recognized it at the same time.  Three points of lights (all red) forming a triangle shape.  We were walking up hill maybe eastbound  facing the mountains, Mt Wilson to be more accurate.  What got our attention was my saying, shsss, I can't hear anything  Approx (3) other white lights were in it's immediate vacinity. I say approx, because the Burbank Glendale skies are always lit up considering the Burbanks airport. My closest comparison would be this description. I though maybe it was three different helicopters flying in a triangle formation.  Being that the lights were lower that the top of Mt wilson, that tells me it was very close ( a few miles if that) Only no blinking lights that usually gives us a human identification. I don't know if yo!u could see through the center   because it was the same color as the backround mountains, which is black. Anyway we both stood like dazed children, lost in the middle of the street. And watched it move slowly north untill it looked like it vanish behind Burbanks city lights. not once did we here anything we could associate with what we know is in our skies.  And for some reason I dismissed it and labled it three helicopters., because if it wasn't three different light sources generating that triangular or greater than sign  <   tilt that about 90 degrees, so that the bottom light is where the rear propeller would be a single craft. If it wasn't 3 choppers, then it was truly massive in my eyes. No sound what so ever, no wind no traffic, no nothing but us talking and saying look at that! what is that? shhh, let me listen In retrospect, I wonder, is it a valid possibility, ...ok, hear it go..that we were looking at something that dropped us off?..I'm not mental or at lea!st no ones labled me that, yet. I say this because, we simply did not have the excitement that I feel now. It's like remembering a faint dream, or just residue of a dream. I need to speak to my ex-girlfriend, (Sandie) I know she remembers it. She said it my first  sighting;34.1174552716953;-118.260974043746
Three white circular objects in a triangular formation hover above the hills between Glendale and Los Angeles, California.;2007-09-16 19:33:00;15 mins.;Three white circular objects in a triangular formation hover above the hills between Glendale and Los Angeles, California. I had just gotten of work and was walking out of the Glendale Galleria it was about 7:25. A work associate and I were standing outside on the 3rd and top level of the Glendale Galleria North west parking structure talking. It was around dusk and I happen to be facing South-west when something in the distance caught my attention. I asked my friend to look at what seem to be 3 white circular objects in a triangular formation hovering above the hills/mountains.  My first thought was it was a UFO, but for fear of being thought crazy, I asked him what he thought the 3 objects were. We continued to watch them hover when he said he thought they were some type of birds, but then all 3 started to move at the same time and speed upwards.  I remember telling him, those were not birds. That, birds did not fly that fast nor that high.  We continued to watch as these three white (not sure what to call these objects) UFO's as it flew further toward us yet higher. I remembered my camera in my purse and told my friend not to take his eyes off the UFO's so I would know where they were as it had grown dark. Yet, you could still see the white circle's that formed a triangle. I was able to take 2 pictures each time my friend having to point them out, so I would know where I had to aim my camera. When I tried to take a third, my camera wouldn't work. I was and am still excited that I have 2 photos.   The photo's clearly show the stars in the sky as well as a bright red circle.  We watched for a few more seconds and then all of a sudden they were gone!;34.1174552716953;-118.260974043746
Huge black triangular UFO seen over Los Angeles, CA, at 11:30 AM, August 06, 2016.;2016-08-06 11:30:00;60 seconds;Huge black triangular UFO seen over Los Angeles, CA, at 11:30 AM, August 06, 2016. While taking a taxi to work today around 11:30 AM, I saw a huge, black triangular shape in the distance south of where I was traveling in the Atwater area of Los Angeles near Glendale.  I first saw the object while the car was driving on Glendale Blvd and continued to watch it off and on as we drove onto Hyperion.   The object was solid black, triangular shaped, and seemed to fade into what looked like a grainy smoke, and then became very solid and metallic looking again.  It was low in the horizon just above the tree tops in the distance.   I told the taxi driver about it, but because he was driving in traffic, he could not stop to take a look at it.   I am not a crackpot.  I am a registered nurse and I know what I saw.   I have lived in the Los Angeles area for many years and I know what the Goodyear Blimp looks like.  It was not the blimp!;34.1174552716953;-118.260974043746
