Bright light has been in the sky for 2 months, noticed it moved position, then it took off.;2008-12-25 19:45:00;2 minutes;Bright light has been in the sky for 2 months, noticed it moved position, then it took off. My sister and I were standing out on our porch smoking a cigarette.  We had noticed a really bright light in the sky for the last few months, but tonight it had moved lower down on the horizon.  I pointed it out to my sister and we began discussing how that could be possible.  I said that it couldn't be a star, because the axis of the earth doesn't move fast enough to change our viewpoint on stars overnight. As we were talking about this, the object moved sideways very quickly in the sky, and the light started dimming, until it looked as if it were trying to mimic a star.  We kept looking at it and were in disbelief, when suddenly the light went completely off, leaving only a faint reddish-blue point in the sky.  The reddish-blue craft started moving very rapidly in short movements diagonally and vertically, and then vanished from sight completely. I am 20 years old, and my sister is 17, and we were completely sober at the time of this happening.;40.0622;-105.0653
Large circle of light over house in front of me, the lights were spacing around and were in sync with the tapping on my window.;2015-09-05 20:00:00;1 minute;Large circle of light over house in front of me, the lights were spacing around and were in sync with the tapping on my window. I was laying on my bed on my phone and I kept hearing a light tapping noise on my window.  At first I ignored it but it keep repeating for maybe 20 seconds.   I initially thought it might have been a moth or a bug flying into my window so I opened the blinds.  I was in shock about what I saw.  There was a large circle over the house in front of me with blinking lights and the lights were spacing around but it was in sync with the tapping on my window.  It lasted about 20 seconds and then disappeared.   I later called a friend in shock and explained what I had saw and then I heard the tapping on my window beginning and my friend had heard it too.   I later went downstairs and spent the rest of the night down there.  Still in shock about what I had seen, I can't describe the fear and shock I am in.;40.0622;-105.0653
