Space debris or something else falling straight down nearby like a burning ember.;2014-10-02 19:15:00;3 seconds;Space debris or something else falling straight down nearby like a burning ember. It was still light outside but nearing dusk I was walking outside and ahead of me and to the left (northwest of Erie) a yellowish-white fireball dropped out of the sky, splitting off at one point so there was one larger and one smaller piece beside it falling.  This may have been a meteor or satellite fragment, and was falling more like a huge burning ember and not like a typical meteor streak.  It appeared to be relatively close but the other person who saw it was also in Erie, and I'm unaware of additional reports from other nearby cities that may help to triangulate the exact location.  I noticed it start falling at about 45 degrees below the horizon and it fizzled out about 20 degrees later (about halfway to the ground from the time it was first seen). I've seen a good number of fireballs and meteors, but only a handful of these close ember-like balls over many years.  I felt extremely charged up after the sighting and couldn't quite explain why, but it was like something changed in the air other people who hadn't seen it also seemed extra charged up.   The next morning the UFOs were seen over Breckenridge, about 60 miles away as the crow flies. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) This is an amendment to the report just submitted from Erie. The object was first seen at 45 degrees ABOVE the horizon, not below the horizon  (alternately it could be said to be first seen at 45 degrees below zenith, but not below the horizon of course). ((END ADDENDUM));40.0622;-105.0653
Star-like light traveling past the stars but much slower than a satellite;2016-09-02 20:27:00;2-3 minutes;Star-like light traveling past the stars but much slower than a satellite My husband and I stepped out on the back deck to look at the stars, and I noticed an area of the sky to the SSW, about 2/3 the way to zenith, where something wasn't quite right.  Almost like there should be a satellite there - was something moving?  That's when my eyes zeroed in on a point of light, like a star, moving very slowly among the stars.  It moved in a mostly straight line almost like a satellite, but much slower - maybe a third the speed.  It may have meandered a bit, but that was hard to say as it was moving so slowly.  It grew dimmer over the course of 2 or 3 minutes, at which time we lost sight of it, it having moved no more than 10 degrees during that time.  I couldn't find anything on heavensabove that would indicate it was a known satellite.  My impression was that it was of an aircraft of some sort, flying at a very, very high altitude.;40.0622;-105.0653
