This is an event that has haunted me most of my life. I remember it like it was yesterday.;1975-07-01 20:00:00;3 minutes;This is an event that has haunted me most of my life. I remember it like it was yesterday. A summer night a friend and I were sitting on a bridge just talking, enjoying a beautiful evening. It was just about twilight.  We heard a significant blast of wind even though there wasn't any wind. We looked up in the sky to see a hole punched in a cloud that was glowing iridescent Green Blue. As we were wondering what it was, a man, Long beard, mustache, dressed in the strangest garb, it looked like a red satin kimono, approached us from our right. He was carrying what appeared to be a child, sleeping or unconscious, wrapped in a quilt, an arm dangling out of the quilt.  With a strange gaze in his eyes, almost hypnotic, he asked us where Pepper road was.  We directed him and off he went. To this day I can't imagine why this guy  was walking around in this odd dress with a child in a quilt, and above us this strange hole in the clouds. After talking a minute or so my friend and I, went after the guy to see if we could follow him, but he was gone.  A strange story I know but its true.  I cant help but think that perhaps the child he was carrying was an abductee being returned... I remember it like it was yesterday.;39.9564;-74.5666
Grey Circular object seen over southern New jersey;2007-08-15 18:00:00;10 minutes;Grey Circular object seen over southern New jersey My girlfriend and I were standing in front of my house facing south/southwest and I noticed a round grey ball high up in the sky approx. 10,000 ft. and 10-20 miles away.  The ball was moving in a weird fashion. It would stand still, then quickly move straight up, then cut at an angle and move in a circular form. It then stood still.   An airliner passed under it and passed pretty close. The airliner was coming from Philadelphia international and was heading east towards the NJ coast. I noted it to my girlfriend and she saw it too.   After the airliner passed under it, it rose quickly, came to a complete stop, then shot downward very fast and disappeared below the treeline in the distance.   I know this sounds crazy, but i am an active duty Air Force Enlisted Aviator. I have 12 years flying experience, and I never saw anything like this.  I was blatantly unidentified and it was clearly seen.   The sky was a beautiful blue and approximately 20 mile visibility.   I thought that the airliner was close enough to see it on radar or at least McGuire RAPCON as well as Atlantic City.   The object moved down below the tree line in the location of southern Burlington County, NJ. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.9564;-74.5666
