Lights over I-70 in Western Kansas;2001-12-01 21:45:00;1 1/2 - 2 minutes;Lights over I-70 in Western Kansas While driving east on I-70, just east of Goodland, Kansas, Dec. 1st around 9:45 pm, I suddenly noticed a large long light in the sky.  It was south of the freeway, about 30 degrees above the horizon, and about 30 degrees to my right ( 0 degrees being directly ahead of me).   I'd noticed it out of my upper right peripheral vision.  At first, I thought it might be a long strip of moonlight shining from behind clouds.  But as I looked, I could see a line of separate white lights (more distinct towards the front).  Underneath it, towards the front, and perfectly parralel to it, was another line of lights about 1/3 the length of the top line.  And this is what first jarred me out of the thought that it might have been moonlight :  these lines of lights were ruler-straight.  Although I could hardly process it, I realized I was looking at some kind of HUGE mechanical object. It appeared to be VERY long and rather flattish.  I say this because the sky seemed darker above and below the lines of lights  (i.e. it appeared a lot longer than it was high).  I cannot tell you how far away or how high it was, since I do not possess this skill.  However, it was obviously at plane-flying height, so to speak, and not way out 'in the atmosphere'.  At any rate, as I watched it, I realized it was moving, apparently north and perpendicular to the the freeway.  It traveled very slowly, parralel to the horizon, and straight across the sky.  As I watched, it came into view directly in front of me, above the freeway.  This thing was truely huge.  I could barely process what I was seeing, and I can only tell you that this thing looked like some kind of giant moving complex.  Although I still hesitate to utter it, the words 'space station' did come to mind.  It continued to move north.  At about 30 degrees to my left, north of the freeway,  I noticed it was angling downward.  At this point,  I strained to keep it in view.  It appeared to me that the lights went out, from the back to the front, until all I could see was one peachy-pink colored light, which then dissappeared at about 15 degrees above the horizon. I called 911 and got a Goodland operator.  I told her what I had seen and from where.   She related that 4 other calls had come in.  The next day, I described the event to a couple of people in Kansas City who each told me they'd seen a report on CNN.  One person told me it was being explained as a Russian 'spacestation' which had re-entered the atmosphere, broken apart, nothing to worry about, folks.  I myself watched the local Kansas City news at 10 pm that night and heard it explained as a Russian 'rocket' re-entering earth's atmosphere, complete with an image of what appeared to me to be a couple of meteors - 'shooting stars'.  This image was NOTHING like what I witnessed.  As I had told the 911 operator when she'd asked me if  perhaps what I'd seen might have been a comet or 'space junk', I'd replied, 'definately NOT'  -  not unless objects falling to earth are suddenly defying the laws of gravity, and traveling in slow horizontal trajectories across the sky.  Additionally, since when does a Russian anything fall to earth without further comment or inquiry?  I will add that on my return trip to Colorado through Kansas 4 days later, I called the 911 operator back, as I'd said I would.  She told me that a total of 7 calls had come in to her one from a sheriff, 2 from deputies,  3 from local rural citizens, and mine.  I also stopped in Goodland to see if any locals were talking about it.  At a convenience store, I asked the cashier (40-ish) if he'd heard anyone talking about the 'lights' in the sky the previous Saturday night.  Apparently that night, a man had rushed into his store, sworn he was neither drunk nor taking drugs, and had told the cashier that as he'd been driving to Colorado, west on I-70, he and another driver had both stopped their cars on the freeway owing to what they were seeing in the sky.  The only description this casheir relayed to me was that the man had said there was a large light underneath this thing.  When the cashier had suggested that maybe it could have been a blimp, the man had said 'no way', as this thing was much bigger than that.  Then I told him what I saw.  During my conversation with him, I turned to another man standing behind me in the store who'd been listening in.  Judging from the somewhat frozen look on his face (40's, clean cut, athletic looking), I ventured to ask him if he'd seen 'it'.  He nodded wordlessly, 'yes'.  I asked him if he thought it was a meteor or some 'space junk', and he said, absolutely not.  He had been in Goodland at the time and I asked him to describe what he saw.  He said, 'It was just like you said.  It was big, moving slowly and horizontally across the sky'.  He left shortly after.  I have subsequently spoken at some length to the sheriff mentioned by the 911 operator.  He had seen 'it' from 20 or so miles south of where I had been at around the same time.  He described seeing brightly colored lights traveling parralel to the horizon across the sky, adding it was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen.  He tried to take a poloroid, but only nearby lights on the ground were visible in the picture.  I asked him if he thought it was a meteor or 'space junk', and he'd said no, citing the same reason  -  its slow, horizontal movementl.  He asked me, 'how big do you think it was?  A mile long.....?'  I told him I am unable to judge, but that like him, what I had seen was very large.  He said 'it' had been moving from north to south.  We discussed this discrepancy in our 'sitings', yet agreed it was unlikely that these were 2 entirely unrelated events, since we'd both seen it around the same time.   Anyway, that's my story.  I am a professional woman in my mid 40's with no interest in UFO's.  Until now, anyway..… ((NUFORC Note:  Please see other reports for 01DE01.  Our suspicion is that the event was, in fact, a re-entry event.  PD));39.3499;-101.7142
Brief Orange Stationary Lights and Misc. Unusual White Lights;2006-01-18 19:43:00;45 minutes;Brief Orange Stationary Lights and Misc. Unusual White Lights Incident Report:  Unexplained Lights  Location of Incident:  Southwest of Sherman County Roads 55 and 16  Date of Incident:  January 18, 2006 Witness:   Patrol Deputy Sherman County Sheriff’s Office   At 1943 hours on the above date, I was on routine patrol in the area of (southwestern) Sherman County Road 55, westbound, and approaching the intersection of County Road 16.  There are no street lights or other light sources in that area, as it is quite remote, with only a very few residents living in the area. As I proceeded west on Road 55, my attention was drawn to my left, to approximately a ten to eleven o’clock position, by unusual lights, which appeared almost instantaneously, which I caught out of the corner of my eye.  The lights appeared to be five orange fire-like balls, which appeared to be on the same horizontal plane.  As I perceived movement out of the corner of my eye, but the lights were not moving when I looked at them directly, my impression was that the lights had traveled in a left to right, or east to west fashion.  The lights hung in the sky, approximately 10 degrees off of the horizon, clearly stationary, for approximately five seconds, before each of them blacked out simultaneously.  I immediately pulled my patrol car over to the side of the road. Within approximately twenty seconds, I observed one light, starting just above the level of the first row of lights, illuminate, followed by a series of four additional lights that illuminated over the course of perhaps two seconds, and in equal intervals.  I estimate these lights to have been approximately 15 to 20 degrees off of the horizon.  I could observe no smoke trail, as one would expect with high intensity military type flares, and noted the lights were equally spaced, which would be quite difficult to do with precision, with ground launched military flares.  These lights remained illuminated for perhaps five seconds, and again, as with the previous lights, shut off in unison.  This synchronicity in the illumination patterns seemed, to my thinking, to eliminate flares as the source, as flares would burn out at different times. I waited in that location for several minutes, but observed no additional lights in the area.  Additionally, I was monitoring the Renner Field CTAF/Unicom Frequency, as well as the Aircraft Emergency frequency, and overheard no unusual traffic on those channels.  My impression was that the lights were quite far away, possibly in the area of Cheyenne Wells, Colorado, but could not make any determination as to distance whatsoever. After seeing this anomaly twice, I telephoned Goodland Police Officer [WITHHELD], whom I knew to have an interest in such oddities.  Officer [WITHHELD], who was off duty, listened incredulously to the observations I had just made, and stated that he would be en route to my location from his residence in Goodland.  That call was placed to Officer [WITHHELD] at 1946 hours, and lasted between one and two minutes. While I awaited the arrival of Officer [WITHHELD], at 1955 hours I telephoned the National Weather Service Field Office in Goodland, and spoke to the meteorologist on duty.  I did not catch his name, but I explained to the meteorologist who I was, and that I had just observed some very unusual lights, which I estimated to be south of the Town of Kanorado, but that I could not estimate a range at which I observed the anomalies.  I asked if the weather radar had picked up any unusual activity in the area from Kanorado south in the vicinity of the state line, and probably into Colorado.  The NWS employee checked the previous twenty minutes of radar data, and stated only that There is one anomalous return south of Kanorado on one pass, but that’s not unusual.  I asked if the NWS radar was calibrated to pick up aircraft, or if it eliminated aircraft from the data collected, and he said that routine air traffic was not detected by the radar. At 1958 hours, I received a call from Officer [WITHHELD], asking to confirm my location, and I then moved to the intersection of County Roads 17 and 55 to make his finding me somewhat easier.  From that location, I could still observe the area of the sky in which I had observed the unusual lights.  Officer [WITHHELD], arrived at my location at 2003 hours. At the time of the arrival of Officer [WITHHELD], we observed what we regarded as unusual lights, although they were quite small.  The lights appeared to be consistent with those of small aircraft as far as size, but the FAA required colors and flashing lights were not present.  These unusual lights consisted of steady-on white lights, and we noted an unusual lack of known air traffic in the area.  These lights seemed to begin directly south of our location, and continued to the area directly above us, and west for some distance.  As it was a clear night, numerous light and commercial aircraft could be observed in the area, but none were in the vicinity of the white lights we were observing.  I began checking all aircraft frequencies at that time, and found nothing unusual in any aircraft radio traffic.  However, it was clear that none of the known aircraft were in the area of the unusual white lights. These white lights appeared to be moving, largely in a southwesterly direction, but I did observe a small group of three, just above the horizon, which appeared to be spinning in a counterclockwise circle, as if it were three separate aircraft circling at an air show.  However, these three lights did not contain any of the FAA mandated lighting, and the pattern flown was quite tight, leading me to believe that not even the best of pilots would attempt such maneuvers, particularly at night. At approximately 2025 hours, the sequential orange lights again appeared in the same vicinity as I had initially observed them, following the same pattern of lighting up sequentially, creating the illusion of movement, remaining illuminated for a few seconds, and blacking out in unison.  This occurred twice, and Officer [WITHELD] was able to see for himself, the lights which I had described. After this sighting, we remained in the area perhaps another twenty minutes, but nothing occurred, so we left the area altogether. Deputy [WITHHELD] Sherman County Sheriff’s Office ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the source of this excellent report.  PD));39.3499;-101.7142
