Many strange blinking multi-colored lights video taped in the sky over Grafton, West Virginia.;2009-05-31 22:00:00;45 minutes at least;Many strange blinking multi-colored lights video taped in the sky over Grafton, West Virginia. I can not state for sure that what me and my husband both saw was certainly a UFO, but we can think of no other possibilities.  I am a housewife who has been interested in UFO's since young and my husband flies planes for CAP. My husband has never seen anything like this before. It was sometime between 8pm and 10 pm when I went onto the back deck behind my home and noticed a very strange light in the sky. I had seen it the night before in almost the same position at almost the same time.  Last night, it was again in almost the same place.  There are no towers of any sort in that place.  The light seemed to turn colors.  It seemed to change from white to blue to red and green.  It stayed in the same place for at least 45 minutes.  I went in after that as it was too cold to stay out and keep watching it.  I got some of it on video and I would be more than happy to share that with you if you wish to see it. When I zoomed in with my camera the light seemed to have a haze about it and it appeared to wiggle, although my hands were very steady. It appeared to be changing shape or size.  It was very difficult to see considering I was only using a camera. While taping the object, I noticed at least 3 other lights, perhaps up to 10 or more, going across the sky.  I cannot say for sure what those other lights were.  They appeared to be much smaller in size and white in color.  They appeared out of nowhere and would sometimes fly past the main light or in other directions in the sky.  They would fly very quickly by and then disappear or fly out of sight.  They blinked.  At one point, I saw a light fly across the sky that was bright orange.  It also blinked.  Later, I saw another light fly across the sky flashing red and white lights. I am not an astronomer, so I cannot say for sure what I saw.  I have tried finding this information on the internet to no avail.  I know that these lights are not like anything I have ever seen.  If anyone knows what I saw, please let me know.  It is bothering me.  My h! usband s aid that the main light was the space station.  However, I looked this information up on the internet and found that the space station does not sit still in one place nor does it change color. As I stated, I have the video tape if you would like to review it. Let me know if this interests you and I will put it onto my computer from the camera.;39.3408;-80.0285
Orange light hovering from east to west over town;2009-10-01 00:00:00;20 seconds;Orange light hovering from east to west over town I was outside in my yard on and I saw a bright orange light moving across the town of grafton wv from east to west. It was very low almost above the glow of the lights in town it flew toward the hospital disapeared behind some tree's I saw somone else reported this so I figured I would share my sighting too. i tried to get my wife to see it but it was already behind the trees to the west of my yard. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));39.3408;-80.0285
Strange light moving in an odd pattern above high voltage power transmission lines.;2015-12-23 19:30:00;5 minutes;Strange light moving in an odd pattern above high voltage power transmission lines. On the evening of 23 December, 2015, I was returning home after a rip to our local department store.  As I was parking our car in the front yard, I noticed a small bright light in the sky.   At first I thought it was a navigational light on an aircraft.  I live under the direct flight path of aircraft flying to and from Pittsburgh International, Washington-Dulles, and several other major airports in the area.  But I have never seen aircraft lights move like this light did. This light although very bright and small moved from right to left, left to right, up and down, from side to side and corner to corner.  It did not change speed or slow down to make these sudden movements. I thought I was seeing things, so I yelled to my wife to come out onto the front porch.  She asked what I needed and I told her about the light.  I showed her where to look to see the light and she confirmed what I had seen. She then called my three sons to come onto the porch and look at the light.  Two of my sons and my eleven year old grand –daughter then came outside on the front porch.  They also confirmed the light and its odd movement.  We all agreed it was no aircraft that we knew of. I worked for ((deleted--aviation company)) for almost thirty years after serving a tour of duty with the ((deleted--aviation/military)).  I have traveled around the world and have flown in all types of aircraft from a Cessna 150, an F4-Phanton to Boeing 747, and never have been in, or flown in any aircraft that moved like this light did.  My third son also served a tour with the ((military)) air wing but he would not comment on what he saw. We did notice one thing strange about the light and its movements though.  We live near a 500,000 and I am told a 750,000 volt power line that run side by side near our home.  From where we were located and where the light seemed to be, it appeared to be moving above these power lines. I have waited to check on these lights again, but the weather has not been cooperative and every evening since seeing this light the sky has been overcast.  I will continue to look for the light when I get a chance. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.3408;-80.0285
