A group of small red, white and gold blinking lights flying over my house in West Virginia.;2009-06-01 20:00:00;1 minute;A group of small red, white and gold blinking lights flying over my house in West Virginia. I have filed a report before regarding lights in the sky behind my house.  Last night I once again saw something strange by my house.  I was watching the sky from my back deck, looking for the lights that I saw on previous nights, when something red caught the corner of my eye.  I turned to my right towards a large tree that sits beside my house.  I saw the strangest thing I have ever seen in my life.  I watched a craft or light of some sort about the size of a kitchen table or slightly larger appear from just over the top of the tree.  It was not very large and I could not make out the shape of it as it was dark.  It looked like a circular shape, perhaps. I saw several lights coming off of it.  These lights blinked and were very bright in intensity.  They were red, gold and white with several blinking at the same time. They appeared to blink in almost a triangular fashion.  I noticed mostly the red color.  The craft drifted at a medium pace across the sky over me from the tree to my right towards another tree to my left.  Then, it disappeared from my view behind the tree.  The duration was about 30 seconds in length.  It made no sound whatsoever. I then became scared and ran into the house.  I got my video camera and came back out about 10 minutes later, but the light never came back.  Later, at night, I laid down to go to bed.  It was about midnight according to the clock.  I closed my eyes for a few minutes and then heard my son cry out, which is common.  I thought that I had just laid down and I was agitated that I had to get up right when I had gotten comfortable.  I sat up and looked at the clock.  Approximately two hours had passed from when I first laid down, only it had felt like only a few minutes to me.  The clock read that it was sometime after two in the morning!  I really do not feel that I fell asleep during that time and feel that I am missing about two hours of time.  I can not say for sure, though.  When I opened my eyes once I heard my son cry, my body hurt all over.  I! thought to myself that it was strange, that I felt as if I had been hit by a truck.  My entire body was very sore.  Today my shoulders hurt, but that may be due to the weather changes.  I am not saying that I was abducted during the night, however I sincerely feel that I am missing almost two hours that I cannot account for.  The other lights I have been unsure of what they are, however what I saw last night I am convinced was not of this world.;39.3408;-80.0285
