Large group of red/orange objects moving across the night sky.;2015-01-11 20:35:00;15 minutes;Large group of red\orange objects moving across the night sky. This incident occurred between 8:35 and 9:00 PM on Sunday Jan 11th 2015. I was out walking my dog when I saw a group of red-orange lights in the southwest sky. There were 8 lights in the initial group moving southwest to northeast - a smaller group of 3 lights was following. The larger group started in a roughly triangular formation before re-forming into a more linear alignment - the smaller group was in a linear formation from the outset. After the larger initial groups had moved on there were 3-4 individual lights moving in the same direction. All of the lights were moving quickly but I have no idea as to speed. The objects made no sudden maneuvers or turns - but they appeared to be flying a defined course. There was some air traffic in the area (we are close to PHL approach) and the objects did not seem to be any higher than the 2 aircraft I saw that were on approach to PHL, so maybe 1000’ in altitude. The objects traveled for about 30-45 seconds in a northeasterly direction before disappearing.  There was some patchy cloud cover but the objects were not obscured by the clouds, they just vanished. The objects flickered reddish-orange, no other lights\color were observable.  There was no sound from any of the objects.  The objects appeared to be bow-tied in shape, a dark center with the red-orange lights fanning out fore and aft. I was at the following lat/long when I made this observation - 39°56'07.2N 75°18'15.9W   Reporter - 53 year old male, IT professional, I saw the entire event. Secondary observer (my brother) - 48 year old male, construction worker.  He only saw the follow-up, single light events;39.9217;-75.287
Strange clusters of hovering white lights sometimes 3-5 of them seen nightly in the sky in Delaware County PA;2020-04-10 23:00:00;30 minutes;Strange clusters of hovering white lights sometimes 3-5 of them seen nightly in the sky in Delaware County PA For the past couple of months I have noticed what appears to be strange white clusters of lights in the sky over our house in Clifton Heights, PA.  They are not airplanes because they seem to be hovering with only small lateral movements and no sound. They appear to have a cluster of white lights and they hover just near the cloud line (when there are clouds).  One night I saw three in a row seem to come into formation, hover for about 10 minutes, then slowly move away.  Tonight I saw 5-7 of them.  One seemed particularly bigger and brighter than the rest. I suspected they might be drones but I believe it is illegal to fly drones at night in PA.  I see them regularly and they always seem to be in the same spots in the sky. Sometimes I will go inside the house for a while and when I come back out they are gone. And no I ruled out stars because I can see them moving. One night several months ago I witnessed something very strange that I almost can not believe ! myself but I saw something rise from the roof of my neighbors house then without a sound I saw a rocket-like propulsion, no smoke trail oddly then it suddenly disappeared. I could not tell exactly how big it was but if I had to guess it was smaller than a compact car. Also I was notvunder the influence of anything.  I will attempt to get some video footage this weekend of the cluster of lights I see regularly.;39.9217;-75.287
