Fireball that moved in and out of view before fading away black orb was seen in sky where the light was seen.((anonymous));2020-04-04 21:20:00;20 minutes;Fireball that moved in and out of view before fading away black orb was seen in sky where the light was seen. (Note for investigators:  I'm submitting this for someone else, the contact info I gave is my own as I'm not sure if they'd be okay with me giving out theirs, however, I do have their permission to submit this here. I hope that isn't an issue). At approximately 9:20pm on Saturday, April 4th of 2020, my aunt and uncle were outside, back behind their out-of-town house.  After a few minutes, they noticed an orange, almost reddish light above the far treeline that they'd never seen before, and after observing it briefly my uncle pulled out his phone and began recording it (1). After watching it hover in place for a few minutes, they watched the object slowly move towards and subsequently disappear behind the treeline, before reappearing a few minutes later (about 10 minutes or so), this time in a slightly different spot.  My uncle pulled out his phone and began recording again, and then passed the phone to my aunt so he could use his binoculars to get a closer look at the object (2). My aunt, unfortunately, ends up losing sight of the object with the camera about 57 seconds in, and they head down the driveway in an attempt at getting a better view of it - but it ends up disappearing again. The third video picks up once it appears for the third time, and my uncle gets a good look at it through his binoculars.  He described it as a ball of orange light with a sort of yellow aura around it, and the light emanating from it seemed to be coming from the bottom of the object, and traveling up it.  The object made no noise (though there is a highway located a bit far in the opposite direction, and the noises you hear occasionally are from passing cars).  After watching the object sit still for about 3 minutes, it begins to move again (though hard to see as the camera is zoomed in, it happens at about 3:28), and then 12 seconds later at 3:40 in the video, it completely vanishes from the sky.  My uncle observes it as it does so, and says that in its place was what looked to be a black orb, with a sort of smoke around it. The object made no noise that they could hear, and this is the only time that they've seen anything like it there (they've been living in that area for some years).  I've been up there as well and haven't seen anything like it, either. Playlist of the videos:  https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnMLjJ5K18MbvTPmv7w2ZKkGR5bIUrKPt   (1)  First video:  A short recording, taken about a minute or so after they initially noticed the object. (2)  Second video:  Taken a few minutes later, after they watched it move in and out of sight and reappear.  Around the 57-second mark, my aunt accidentally moves the camera too much and lose s sight of the object for the remainder of the video. (3)  Third video: Taken once the object reappeared for the third time, and towards the end of the video you see it slowly fade out before disappearing. (4)  Fourth video: Though taken a few days later, my uncle shows the spot they were in during the filming of the third video, giving you a view of the treeline.;42.071;-75.7898
