far away small blinking light moving around quickly but shortly;2002-07-03 03:10:00;35 minutes;far away small blinking light moving around quickly but shortly I am a ((deleted--20's)) year old lawyer who is aware/educated on the subject of ufos and other conspiracies but i have never witnissed a ufo before tonight. I was walking upstairs to get in bed when i saw a small bright blinking light out the window at the top of the stairs. After looking closely i realized the object was moving ever-so-slightly in an irregular movements. The object was in the western sky, at least a few miles away. I cannot accurately judge its distance but it appeared only slightly larger than the brightest stars. Standing completely still and resting my head on the windowsill the object still appeared to be in motion.It never completely traveled more than 2 window-panes away from its orbit for the several minutes that i first oberved. I woke up my girlfriend and asked her to look, she agreed that it was not a star or a plain or helicopter. It manuvered like an insect. The light blinked in a blueish-white color similar to the color of a star but occasionally it would blink red. A minute or 2 after first noticing the bright object i noticed a second vibrating light that was much more faint close to the bright light. this second light faded in and out of sight and didn't appear to be moving around nearly as much as the first object it stayed to the right and higher in the sky than the first object and almost in a pattern it would fade in and out of sight. Then i noticed a third light to lower and to the left of the first light, about equal the distance away from the 1st light as the 2nd light was to the 1st bright light. The 3rd light was just like the second, (very faint, vibrating but not blinking, fading in and out), for a few minutes it seemed like when the 2nd object faded out, the 3rd object would fade in and vice versa. The first light would never fade out, but did constantly move in short irregular circles. The 3 objects kind of appeard to be in a formation  of a rising diagonal.  After 15 minutes i went downstairs and looked out the window and i could still see the lights. then 10 minut! es after that i looked out that window and could not see the lights from that window, i went outside on my porch and saw the moving blinking light had moved much closer to me(east) in the sky, this creeped me out and i went inside;42.2013;-70.7543
Wife and I saw bouncing red white and blue light in the sky. What's making swaying motions and bouncing. Same crap that we had witnesse;2012-12-03 21:45:00;45 minutes;Wife and I saw bouncing red white and blue light in the sky.  What's making swaying motions and bouncing.  Same crap that we had witnessed in Quincy last year.  My changes color and sways and bouncers in the air. ((NUFORC Note:  Star?  Possibly Sirius??  PD));42.2013;-70.7543
