Pin  point of light turns into large disk of ligtht.  ((NUFORC Note:  Flare from an Iridium satellite??  PD));2020-05-01 05:26:00;1 minute;Pin  point of light turns into large disk of ligtht My husband leaves for work at about 5 AM.  This morning I was up when he left.  I went outside with my dog. I usually stand on the back porch and she goes down the steps to do her thing.  When I’m standing there waiting for her, I always look up at the stars and say a prayer or intent, etc.  This morning I looked up and said “Thank you for springtime”...  Just then I noticed a pinpoint of light moving from about North West to South East and assumed it was a satellite, because it was so small and so high up. I watched it go across the sky and when it was about half way across my field, it turned into an enormous light.  It lasted for about 3 seconds.  To me the light was about the size of a quarter or half dollar.  It had an orange color to it with some white also. It was well defined but fuzzy, something that’s hard to explain. It looked almost as if there was a cold mist between myself and the light. Then it went away and the pinpoint of light continued in the direction it was going. I looked at my watch and it was 5:26 AM. (I don’t remember the exact time that my husband left)  I watch a lot of satellites and the space station at night. We also have a lot of airliners landing. This is something I’ve never seen before. Usually when a plane lands the landing light is very bright and clear and hits our house for a few seconds. But landing lights I’ve observed were always pointed to the front of the airplane. The light I saw this morning was directly below, on the bottom of the object. I am not aware of any airplane that has a light on the bottom that shines directly down. (There *could* be such a plane but I’m not aware of it)  Later I sat on my back porch my morning coffee I heard a helicopter go over in the same direction but I don’t know if it was related. I looked at my watch and it was 6AM. I think there was a space station flyover this morning and it would have been from my northwest to my north east? (So not the same path);34.8309;-106.6872
