Football shaped object seen over house in country along with three objects hovering over road.;1994-08-25 22:00:00;five to ten min;Football shaped object seen over house in country along with three objects hovering over road. On a late summer night, my sister, her friend, and I were heading from Toledo OH to my aunt's house in the country.  We became lost for two to three hours down a rural country roads in or around Swanton OH.  As we were driving I noticed lights within the trees which were brighter than normal house lights but I paid no mind thinking it was a house or cabin.    Approx two hundred yards from the trees we came across a corn field at which time my sister's friend slammed on the brakes and said , What is THAT?   As I looked I noticed aprrox 25 yards away from the road was two story house with a large barn and a combine and approx ten to twenty feet above the house was an object shaped like a football beaming different color lights.  We immediately stopped and starred in disbelief as we tried to figure out what we were looking at.  In my mind, I ruled out all known hovering vehicles such as blimps or helicopters.  This football shaped object made no noise, created no wind, and was approx half the size of the house.  We all became terrorified as my sister's friend drove slowly passed the house.  I looked to my right and noticed a State Trooper parked with no lights also watching the object.  At that time, my sister's friend did the quarter mile in what seemed like ten seconds.  I told her to slow down because of the Trooper.  As we slowed I looked out the back window of the car and saw three identical object approx five hundred yards behind us which was ten to twenty feet over electrical wires in formation moving slowly across the road. I have told few people of this story and the people I have told do not believe the me or poke fun.  My sister who is now a devote Christian denies these events.  I was sixteen years old at the time.   Since then I have served four years in the Marine Corps in a line unit, flown and seen many helicopters, and witnessed many things in the military.  However, with all that I have experienced I know what I saw that night.  I know this was not a helicopter because helicopters while stationary cause enormous down drafts, in fact hurricane force winds.  I'm not saying it was little green men from Mars, it was by definition UFO's.   I was not amazed or awestruck by the objects, only frightened at something I could not identify or explain. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.5947;-83.8701
