I didn’t go anywhere or do anything I normally wouldn’t do. I was standing at my window smoking a cigarette and as I was putting it out;2018-03-08 01:00:00;10 minutes;I didn’t go anywhere or do anything I normally wouldn’t do.  I was standing at my window smoking a cigarette and as I was putting it out I looked up and saw a air vehicle that I thought was a Cessna, that was entering my field of view from the left.  It was over the back of Wasilla lake when I saw it.  It moved slowly like a plane and seemed to look like a concept vehicle at over a couple thousand feet.  It had a red light you would see on the wing of a plane and an engine sound.  What I couldn’t focus on for a moment was when the engine quit running and I thought it would crash.  It was a sound effect of a plane that stopped.  It turns towards me and begins to bring the bottom of the craft upright as it’s approaching.  As this occurred, I put my hand up slowly over my heart and away in front of it.  There was one slow turn until it stopped about 40 feet in front of me.  I acted like shaking its hand and returned my hand over my heart.  As I looked it over, it was floating in front of me pointed parallel to the building I was in and not at me it had a cross reaching all the way to the sides with no unnecessary markings except for the red light.  This red light was situated on the top part of the cross which represents intelligent action in the way it was on top since it turned towards me from the lake.  I was a few feet from my phone but I was stunned to move naturally and I had my gf sleeping in bed right next to me.  I didn’t want to wake her.  After about five minutes as it seems to be off to my right like presenting me with an award or something, it starts to leave to the left, slowly and in the same position it was in last.  Professionally, it seemed it was checking on a post nearby.  I have experience because I’m a veteran so perhaps maybe I was more valuable than the regular person.  It was excellent and exciting to witness and I had love in my heart and it made sense to me. I’m not cruel.  Nothing around it was moving, and it became stationary when it stopped.  I didn’t have the motivation to do mo! re than witnessing this astronomical event.;61.5812603174603;-149.413663492064
