Shooting star like object, that changes direction;2010-06-26 20:45:00;30 sec;Shooting star like object, that changes direction On June 26, at 8:45 EST, I witnessed via a skylight high in the sky facing towards the east a linear object that resembled a fine TIG weld bead through a protective lens traveling from the left to the right. After it traveled from left to right it hesitated, and then traveled sharply back to the left for a short time, and then changed direction again to proceed to travel to the right out of the scope of the skylight. I ran outside to follow it further but it was no longer there.  I feel that it could not have been a space station or a satellite sighting because it moved too fast and because of the way it changed direction. When I first saw it through my skylight I thought it was a shooting star or a comet.   If I was to try to debunk this account I would take into consideration that we live within 120 miles + or - of the Norfolk air force navy base.  I would first consider this either a shooting star based on it’s appearance or a test rocket from said base, however it rapidly changed direction and speed.  This was no rocket in low altitude and it was no space station.  I understand that rockets and earthly crafts travel fast, however this damn thing was booking.   I first thought it to be a shooting star. To be perfectly frank I was offended by the rudeness of the hotline phone proctor who asked me to summarize this in ten seconds and after five would interrupt because he needed to go to a social engagement.  If this organization’s goal is to obtain all ufo sightings, it would be nice to show patience for every caller who takes the time to call this hotline to hear their description of the sighting and to assist them in reporting it.  I was very excited to share this sighting and was disappointed that the staff was not interested in what I had to share.  I hope in the future you will have time to answer the call when it is first made so I will not have to call again nor have someone else speak to the hotline on my behalf in order to seriously be heard by an organization that represents itself as one that wants to hear about strange sightings encountered whenever and wherever they occur.  I do not understand the goal of this organization.  I thought it was to receive informati! onal accounts of ufo sighting or reports as stated in the name.;37.7983;-78.6922
