3 objects circles ,figure 8 , R/L, up/ down unreal speed no noise stop in place triangle formation;1986-04-02 21:30:00;2hr8min;3 objects circles ,figure 8 , R/L, up/ down unreal speed no noise stop in place triangle formation On above date my son came into the house told me to come out and look at these things in the sky. I observed 3 objects in the west I couldn't tell their size so I really couldn't tell how high they were.They were oval or round dificult to tell at the hight they were. I observed them till they left. It was like they were putting on an air show.They were in a triangle formation, the top one stayed still most the time. The left one moved the most. The right and left did all the different moves. After each one would get done w/ thier moves they would go right back into formation in the triangle. Once they were inthe triangle before they would move I could see they would rotate and lights would blink fast red , yellow, blue then it would move but once they were in motion they didn't do this. THEIR MOVEMENTS--- st. up/ st. down / change directions w/out stopping / circles / figure 8 / sideways R or L / stop abruptly then sit still. There was no noise. The speed was unreal we don't have anything today that can come close to the speed these had 17 yrs. ago or the movability. The area they covered was huge.The R one went out of site toward the west 1st then the L did the same while the top stayed, the top one never did any of the manuveres. The L returned to the triangle formation for a short time then left to the west again. Approx. 45 min. after this the top went to the west also 11:38 pm ( 2338 ) My son who was 20 yrs. at the time stated he and 3 other boys saw the same thing in the west on 3/29/86. Iv'e never observed anything like this since. ABOUT MYSELF: I am an RN work ER so I am use to things happening abruptly and keeping notes. I didn't know who to tell w/out sounding nuts.These were not weather balloons, or swamp gas. I wrote it all down since I couldn't take an instamatic picture at that distance.I still look for them. We have nothing that can come close to these in any way yet today. If they were here to harm us it wouldn't take them long. While I watched the 3 objects there were pl! anes in the air.I live in a direct line from Columbus to Cleveland air port.;40.5389;-82.8077
