HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Hovering Cigar Shaped Craft, pictures taken.;2003-08-06 00:32:00;5 to 7 minutes;Hovering Cigar Shaped Craft, pictures taken. HBCC UFO Note: Before I start I would like to thank Mr. Joe McGonagle at www.ufology.org.uk for passing along this sighting to me for investigation. Without Joe being kind enough to send the report, we may have lost this one.  HBCC UFO Note: I telephoned the witness today (August 8, 2003) at his home in North Bay Ontario. The fellow was kind enough to share what he and two other friends had witness on August 8, 2003 at 12:32 a.m. Also I will be hearing from the other two witnesses who were there. I will update the sighting with their information after I receive it. Also pictures are going to be emailed to me so one might determine what this thing was. The witness I talked with said he has the pictures already developed and had them handy when chatting with me. He also mentioned that the pictures did not come out all that well, but you can still see something sitting in the night sky.  The witness told me that he and a couple of close friends had just dropped off one of their buddies. As they continued down the road they came to a full stop at the street light. The witness I talked with said while at a complete stop he turned his head to the right and saw a really strange object, he then pointed in the direction the object was sitting to alert his friends what he was looking at. All the fellows at this point were stunned at what they were seeing, so they pulled the vehicle over at an arcade business to watch. Due to this object being so low they wondered if it was attached by a cable, wire, etc.. because it sat stationary in one position. At this point they grabbed the camera, got out of the vehicle and took three snap shots of it.  He told me while they stood watching the object it started to pulsate then disappeared, or blinked out. The object was sitting at approx: 250 feet (or close guess) off the ground, it was also very close to the witnesses as they estimated it to be about 6 to 7 blocks away from their position. It was cigar shaped, and solid grey in color. The total viewing time was approx: 3 to 5 minutes after they first spotted it. Also I was told that stood out from everything around them, meaning it wasn't extremely bright, but you couldn't miss it sitting in the air. I asked if any sound could be heard coming from it, the witness told me they could hear a very faint humming sound after the object blinked out. The skies were clear.  After the fellows lost sight of it they jumped back into the vehicle and drove quickly to where the object had been sitting, thinking they may be able to get another look at it. But it had vanished. He also said there is a plant, (industrial complex) and this is where the object was hovering over top of. According to the witness the object was not seen flying in any direction as I mentioned above, it blinked out after sitting stationary for the few minutes.  Thank you to the witness for the report, and again thank you to www.ufology.org.uk for forwarding the sighting to me.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;46.3176630630631;-79.5372855855855
Cigar passef low over my haed.;2010-11-15 23:00:00;3-5 min;Cigar passef low over my haed. I saw a bright landing light {So I thought}  I was on my way back inside when I saw itas I was closing the door.  I went back out because it was so low,  I was suprised that it was coming straight towards me. I noticed that it had no beacons or made no sound as it came over the lake in the craft seemeed to be paralel to the road, as it got closer its bright white changed to bright orange {like a cigarettes burner at night} ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));46.3176630630631;-79.5372855855855
