The object was ring-shaped, bright, white in colour and moved silently behind the sparcely clouded sky, bearing West to Northwest;2001-08-04 14:00:00;5 minutes;The object was ring-shaped, bright, white in colour and moved silently behind the sparcely clouded sky, bearing West to Northwest The object first appeared as bright (white) pencil shape (some spots were brighter than others along the pencil shape). The object then appeared to alter its shape to an elongated oval, then finally to a perfect circle (the circle seemed empty !!). It moved from 20 degrees above the Western sky, behind a sparcely clouded sky as it's shape changed from a pencil shape to a perfect ring (bright white at all time), towards the Northwest, then dissapeared behind a cloud. This siting was during North Bay's annual Air Show (on the shore of lake Nippissing), which I attended for the first time, as a visitor. I was accompanied by my 22 year old step-son. I, myself, am 59 year old. As my step son and I pointed to the object in amazement, others in the crowd also turned towards the object and witnessed it. When it finally dissapeared behind a cloud, everybody's attention turned toward the ongoing bi-plane acrobatics.;46.3176630630631;-79.5372855855855
Hi: My report is not an eyewitness report but an oddity I found on the net. To begin with, I am a skeptic to ufos being extraterestrial;2008-08-08 22:00:00;1 hour;Hi: My report is not an eyewitness report but an oddity I found on the net. To begin with, I am a skeptic to ufos being extraterestrials, but still am interested in understanding this phenomenom, whatever it is. I have read about the hollow earth hypothesis, which I took as being as ridiculous as the flat earth belief, eventhough it was believed by Columbus and Halley . I have read about both South and North Poles expeditions, some claiming such areas being entrances within the earth's inner world about Admiral Byrd's secret diary. I enjoyed reading such stories as science fiction and nothing else. One day I while I was searching for world maps on the internet, I stumbled upon Google Earth. I downloaded the free version and was extremely impressed with the satelite shots. After zooming on Paris,France, I actually could see cars on the streets. One boring night,I started using Google earth to zoom focus some sites associated with fictional, mythical settings such as the Pyramids, and the sea bed floor within the area some claim Antlantis might be located...looking for some abnormalities or maybe signs of human hands.I believe I saw some interesting landmaks however, the imagination was maybe leading me to see things that aren't dimentionally correct...just in order to, well believe in the mythical side of Life. I was starting to feel like a child again, one who still believes in such things as Santa Claus. The Alan Parson's song popped into my head....I am the eye in the sky, .........I am the maker of rules....... This made me think of the conspiracy theories....Freemasonry and the likes of the Illuminaties. The eye in the sky....satellites? within a triangle... meaning perhaps the process of triangulation?? Har har, however the symbol was much too old to even support the thought.One thing struck me though. The pyramid's view seemed to come directly from above, as if the satelite was directly above it,unlike the buildings I saw in other places such Paris. Google earth, I then thought, could actually mean go ogle earth...ogle being the term I heard used many times for the eye within the triangle....I was starting to enjoy myself in all of this. I said, let's take a look at the supposed hole in North Pole. And there it was....very impressive indeed. Although, true, this phenomenom certainly must be associated with the earth's magnetic field,however, the thought was proposed very long ago. Columbus thought the ocean water entered into the North Pole in order to exit the south...it does matches somewhat the Oceans currents. The image certainly seemed as if the ocean was indeed whirling in the earth itself. Next, the South Pole. The sight was even more impressive. Inside the continent Antartica, there is an image of what seems to be a sphere, having colour close to something like another smaller earth. Again, this phenomenom is associated with the magnetic field since the same blurry image exist like that of the North Pole. Now, what about the night sky? Nasa sent some signals (beatle's song Accross the Universe) to Polaris. I switched to the night sky setting and looked in the region of Polaris. Here is something I don't quite understand...the same phenomenom seen in the North Pole and South Pole exists....but why? The earth's magnetic field should not affect view of Polaris. I then turn to Octantis, the South Pole Star....same phenomenom again. Turning back to Polaris, I zoomed all the much I can, and that particular blurry spherical region came into view as something quite different than that from a constellation of stars.... The stars seemed more like lights the edge of the sphere when highly magnefied, looked very much like a metallic perimeter. This is the reason why I sent this e-mail.... to have another perspective, and maybe some answers. I would like it if someone else would take a look and get back to me. Thank you for letting share this with you Andre ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));46.3176630630631;-79.5372855855855
