it looked like the mini-sub from voyage to the bottom of the sea,flew above us about 50 ft in the air;1977-06-15 20:00:00;30 seconds;it looked like the mini-sub from voyage to the bottom of the sea,flew above us about 50 ft in the air My wife and I were entering the city of Medina early evening about 8:00 it had been dark already for about 1hr.  Coming in on west Smith Rd.  Approaching the intersection of West Smith and State Rd.,A t-intersection with a stop light.The light had changed to red as we approached.Came to a stop and waited for it to change.The Medina Co. fairgrounds is to the south side,with the racetrack near the rd.The Standard Welding Co.Building on the opposite corner of the intersection,and behind it,a small woods with trees approximately 25-30 tall. While waiting for the light we noticed what looked like car headlights beaming directly overhead of us coming from beyond the horizon above the tree tops.Iimediately rolled down my van window and stuck my head out and as the lights got brighter and bigger on thier approach I basically climbed out the window and sat on the sill of the door. All the sudden a craft appeared over the treetops,about 20-30 ft.above them,coming straight at us.The headlights shot thier beams about twice as much in distance than a cars.4 lights in all,two large ones toward the center,two on the outside edge.You could see a glare behind these lights as though there was a glass panel behind them. The craft was traveling about 5 mph.,and made no noise what so ever.It traveled directly overhead of us.there was no mistaking what it was or what it wasnt.Never have I seen anything like it,on tv or otherwise.If camcorders had existed at that time and I filmed it,it would have supplied undisputable proof that they do exist.It closely resembled the mini-sub on the old tv series Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea. I turned my van around and proceeded to try and follow it out of town.It had gained altitude some,its speed increased,but you could still see the beams peering out into the night sky.It turned towards the south,and I took lake rd.to the south trying to catch up to or at least follow its track,and finally it started to zig zag across the sky and gain more altitude,until it flew towards the northeast and so far ahead we gave up the pursuit. The next day I went to visit my best friend and told him about it,He said that when his mother came back from chuch that morning,that another couple in the congrgation had seen the same thing.There was another car at the intersection that night,sitting on State Rd.They could not help but see it as well,although we never colaborated our stories.His mother is still alive and she may be able to remember thier names. Since that night I'm a firm believer in their existance,and dont doubt anything any have said they have seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));41.1388999999999;-81.8629000000001
