a huge bright orange sphere appeared and dissapeared;1994-10-19 07:30:00;20 minutes;a huge bright orange sphere appeared and dissapeared Me and my friends ((name deleted--Witness #1)) and ((name deleted--Witness #2)) were sitting behind ((home of Witness #1)) moms house. We were just sitting there on a picnic table and talking. We enjoyed staying outside all night since we were all only 14 or 15 years old. Well anyways it was a fairly chilly morning. As we talked we were looking towards some woods. The woods were roughly northeast from the house. We noticed the sun had come up over the trees directly in a straight line from or view. We didn't think much of it and just continued to talk. Then one of us (I don't remember who) happened to look over to our right and more in a easterly direction. And the sun was coming up over there! We then being somewhat more confused then shocked looked back at what we had assumed was the sun. It was a huge round, bright orange sphere. We all were just flabbergasted and couldn't figure out what it was. It then dissapeared. It sort of imploded,kind of like the circle the cartoon characters stick there heads out of at the end of the cartoon. You know it goes whooop. A few things became apparent looking back on it after having time to think about it. The object was of course too far to the north rather than east to be the sun. Also it couldn't have been near as bright as the sun or we couldn't have stared straight at it like that. It was definitley very close to us and above the woods. I realized as well that light reflected off the trees as if the object were directly above them. Not a celestial body thousands or millions of miles away. It was very bright and very orange. The only explanation i can give for us thinking it was the sun at first would be that we just werent really paying attention to it. During this whole episode a fog had rolled in. We didn't really feel any fear but we felt enough apprehension to head inside. We don't really talk about this much. In fact the two of them sort of denied this happened for years after the fact. Me and ((Witness #1)) had several strange things happen to us in those woods throughout later years. In fact i'm a little scared of them. But i really wonder about this still. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.1388999999999;-81.8629000000001
Silent, bright sphere, passes over city of Medina.;2015-07-31 04:20:00;6 seconds;Silent, bright sphere, passes over city of Medina I had been awake since 4am.  I dressed, made coffee then walked to the sliding glass door to open it.   I glanced up to the sky and a very bright, spherical object was in the process of passing overhead.  It was the color of a bright star, heading from south to east.  It was amazingly close and zipped out of my sight over the trees.   The object took me by surprise, but what gets me is how silent it was.   I had seen a fireball two years ago and this was no fireball.  This morning's object was perfectly round and had no tail.   This makes the second sighting I've had this year of the same kind of object.   What I found interesting is that with my first reported sighting, someone in Bangor, PA, reported having had seen the same object I had.  Bangor is a straight shot east from Medina, Ohio.;41.1388999999999;-81.8629000000001
