VIDEO OF ORANGE ORB!!!!;2012-09-30 00:16:00;3 minutes;VIDEO OF ORANGE ORB!!!! We we're checking out some weird party in the area and found out that it was a massive ((offensive material deleted))  at even when invited by one of the people outside. As we stood near the street away from the house party in the cul-de-sac the first to spot this... was the 2 people I was with.  They immediately froze absolutely no words or movement was made by them while this was going on. I almost was Frozen!  But I fought it.  The very first thing I saw was what appeared to be a firework above the tree level in all red-ish orange flares however these flares reversed direction and created this very large red-ish Mostly Orange Orb.  It did not fly in a straight line.  The glow was massive to the eye!  I felt like it was going to abduct us and panic was setting in.  I did my very best to stay calm and focused and pulled my Cellphone 8G Camera up and ready and took the video  But was unable to get it up in time for the beginning of the event. Note: I asked the object to fly to my right...  And it did....  I asked it to do this because I did not feel like inviting the object was a good idea at the time. For a link to the Video please ask me at ((e-address deleted));44.8058;-93.6071000000001
4 glowing red balls traveling east to west, no blinking, no noise, 2 witnesses;2021-03-23 01:30:00;5 minutes;4 glowing red balls traveling east to west, no blinking, no noise, 2 witnesses Looked out north facing window and saw large glowing red object moving slowly east to west, approximately 1/4 the size of a full moon. No blinking, just solid glowing red ball. My first thought was it was Venus, but it was much too large and of course moving across the sky at a steady moderate pace. No change in elevation that I could see. It traveled almost due west and disappeared. Start to finish approximately 30 seconds for it slot eventually disappear, still traveling west. I was pretty sure I must be seeing something explainable, but it was like nothing I’ve ever seen before. I decided there must be an explanation, and was going to write it off as something unusual but not necessarily important. Then another large red glowing object appeared in the east, approximately same position as when I saw object 1. It was following the same path as object 1, and quickly a 3rd red glowing object appeared but further east, like they were traveling together one fol! lowing the other. Their speeds seemed to match. At this time I woke up my son who was sleeping and told him to meet me outside. When we got outside on the deck 10-15 seconds later, only one red glowing was visible. We watched as it passed by above the tree line, moving to the west the same as object 1 did. It was 1:30 am and the neighborhood was very quiet. I wondered if it was helicopter, but it made no noise. My son noted there were no blinking lights, it was just one glowing big orb ball type of share, very red and almost like it was on fire. We watched until it disappeared, and waited a few more minutes but no more appeared. We went to bed. In the morning, my son told me he saw one more go by, one of his bedroom windows faces north same as the window in my bedroom where I first saw object 1. He watched it move to the west, then went to sleep. I don’t know what we saw, but it was really odd. I didn’t bother trying take a pic, didn’t think they’d turn out and I didn’t wan! t to miss seeing them while looking for my phone.;44.8058;-93.6071000000001
