I was standing in my driveway getting into my car when it happened.  My back started to get extremly hot, it felt like I was getting a ;1998-08-17 08:00:00;7 minutes;I was standing in my driveway getting into my car when it happened.  My back started to get extremly hot, it felt like I was getting a sunburn. I torned around and there not twenty feet from me was three red glowing objects I was in shock.  The glow off of the objects were dim but the heat was unbareable.  It was as if I had passes out because the next thing I remember was sitting in my car.  It was one of the strangest things that has ever hapened to me. I told the local police but the officer just told me I staired at the sun to long, but it wasnt the sun. I was standing in my driveway getting into my car when it happened.  My back started to get extremly hot, it felt like I was getting a sunburn. I torned around and there not twenty feet from me was three red glowing objects I was in shock.  The glow off of the objects were dim but the heat was unbareable.  It was as if I had passes out because the next thing I remember was sitting in my car.  It was one of the strangest things that has ever hapened to me. I told the local police but the officer just told me I staired at the sun to long, but it wasnt the sun.;37.8199;-96.846
One light, magnitude six or so traveling at a high rate of speed and stopping, turning, hovering, and looping E to W then NW to SW.;2012-08-20 09:15:00;17 minutes;One light, magnitude six or so traveling at a high rate of speed and stopping, turning, hovering, and looping E to W then NW to SW. Hello this night I was at the El Dorado Lake, Bolder Bluff area. I was sitting in a chair that sort of leans back and has a foot rest, watching the stars,(I'm a bit of an amature astronomer). I know my stars, and my planes very well. I know what planes are at what air force bases in the area and what there capable of doing. I love physics and military info. I don't believe in aliens, at least not ones near our solar system. I'm sure, as most scientist are, that life exists somewhere in the Galaxy. It's ridiculas not to. This light I thought was a star of about a magnitude six and was white in color and did not blink or flash like most planes do. It was in the eastern sky, and then it moved west it and very fast. Which is why I really noticed it. I thought it was a satellite until it stopped on a dime, and then changed directions, looping north then back on the same east to west heading. Only to stop again, and do a circle, stop and hover for a few seconds and after that it was back on the same heading. This repeated several times. It lasted so long my neck hurt the next day,(I had gotten up to turn off my lanturn), when I tried to retrive my binoculars I lost it of course! It was very intriguing and i kept an eye out for it. Then I caught it in the northwestern sky headed southeast doing the same type of movements. The light finally disapeared in the southwestern sky. The duration was from 9:15 to 9:32. The light was traveling at about the speed of a satillite or faster but was brighter than most. It had to be some type of craft, it could not have been a star, satillite, or any aircraft I know of obviously. This is the first time I have ever seen anything like this, and I believe it to be a secret military craft. That is up for interpretation. I have been vidulant at looking for this light since that night,(9/20/2012) to no avail though. There were four planes during that time period that I noticed. All of which were headed on a east west heading, probably to and from Wichita, KS. Two headed east and two west. I'd love to see the radar reports from that night if at all possible. Someone had to see this light, either on radar or visually. It was perfectly clear sky, and pretty much has been every night since. If anyone had seen this also please report it. I could not believe the speed at which the light was traveling or how it could just stop and loop or do perfect right angle corners. This was no illusion, I'm not insane, actually I have a very high IQ. And it makes my a little angry the way people look at me when I tell them about it. So if your reading this and you believe me, thank you.;37.8199;-96.846
