A beam of RED light came out of the clouds, like a flashlight beam in the fog, only very bright and large beam.;1999-11-09 22:49:00;3 sec.;A beam of RED light came out of the clouds, like a flashlight beam in the fog, only very bright and large beam. I was driving south bound on toll road I35 in Kansas looking a little to the left side of the interstate at milemarker 84.5 when I observed the beam of light project from above the clouds toward the ground. From my vantage point I would guess the top of the beam to be approx. 100 ft. and the bottom to be at least 500 ft. across. It lasted for not more than 3 seconds maybe less. The weather was nice approx. 68 degrees, slight wind, puffy clouds, no fog, best I could tell there were no airplanes in the area I was driving.;37.8199;-96.846
Bright light in sky, faded and then disappeared.;2007-05-10 21:50:00;1 hour;Bright light in sky, faded and then disappeared. This event happened at about 9:40pm central time and ended at 10:50pm. I was with my fiancée at the sight of a train derailment as he is a reporter for the town newspaper.  I was sitting in the car waiting for him to finish the interviews and take the pictures. I was staring at the sky and while doing so noticed an extremely bright light compared to the surrounding stars. We both decided that the light looked to be about 10,000 feet from the ground. This is merely an approximation and could be completely skewed. 	As I was looking at the light I noticed that it didn’t appear to be moving, and for how close it seemed to be, this was unusual to me. I watched it with growing interest and saw it slightly waver side to side, but only very slightly. It just looked like it was hovering. It was very bright, almost appearing to be a flood light. It then started to dim, and almost looked like it disappeared. I looked longer and realized that it was illuminating a cloud. I therefore decided that a cloud had passed in front of it. After about two minutes the object started to reappear, only it was a brick red color and very dull. It appeared to be the same size of the stars when it was not so brightly illuminated. Within thirty seconds the light had turned from red back to the previous white bright light. 	My fiancée had  returned to the car at this point and I told him about the object I had been looking at. We then decided to watch it longer, and moved locations to a darker parking lot. The object was in the North-west part of the sky towards the lower half. We watched it for another five minutes or so. I decided to call my mom in hope that she could find it and attempt to look at it with binoculars. Less than a minute after I called her and told her to go outside the light dimmed and then disappeared. It was 10:39 when the light disappeared. We watched it a little longer to see if it would reappear as it had done previously, but it didn’t appear to be doing anything. Then as I was watching I noticed the same brick red color as before and very small again. I continued to watch and noticed that it seemed to be flickering, much like a star from red to blue. Finally we decided to go home and that was the last I saw of it.;37.8199;-96.846
White light observed for about 3 minutes,( no noticable airplane lights) steady glow;2011-01-24 06:45:00;3 min;White light observed for about 3 minutes,( no noticable airplane lights) steady glow On 1/24/2011 at 6:45 am I let my dog outside to do his business.  Up in the sky i noticed this white light that was moving slowly moving from the west heading north east.  It was still dark this morning and the white light  had no blinking lights at all. There was no sound as well at all.  I observed this light for about 3 minutes as first I thought it was a meteor, but later noticed it was not.  It moved in a straight line heading north east for about 3 minutes then disappeared in the trees.;37.8199;-96.846
