Lights in circular pattern hovered in the trees of a heavily wooded area, uniformly lifting and fading away;2007-11-25 21:30:00;2 minutes;Lights in circular pattern hovered in the trees of a heavily wooded area, uniformly lifting and fading away Between Thanksgiving and Christmas 2007 (may have been Thanksgiving weekend), several bright lights arranged in an oval and uniform pattern were seen hovering in some trees between Route 1 and the intercoastal waterway late in the evening between 9 pm and 11 pm Eastern time in Saint Augustine, Florida, north of Watson Road and south of Southwood Drive. Specifically, the lights were seen hovering in the trees near a brand new condominium complex located several hundred yards East of Route 1. A swampy, marshy wetlands area lies southeast and adjacent to the condo complex where this event was spotted. The lights were seen in the trees near a vacant/unoccupied building of the new condo complex. Upon walking my dog, the lights were spotted and they remained still and bright for several moments amongst the trees. Shortly after being spotted, the lights lifted and moved out of the trees in a uniform form pattern, moving upwards and to the southwest slightly  -- all this movement taking place while the lights were still bright. But, as the craft or object moved away, the uniform pattern of lights slowly faded away as it moved from the area. There was no noise of an engine. The entire neighborhood was extremely quiet. The lights were not of a conventional airliner, as no jet noise was heard and no lights twinkled as with a conventioanl jetliner. In addition, the lights did not appear in an area of sky where jetliners normally traverse the lights hovered amongst the trees in the dewy, swampy and wooded area. The lights were brighter and more uniform in pattern (circular or oval shape) and the lights moved and faded away uniformly, which made this event so remarkable to the observer. It was an unforgettable moment for the observer and the observer is at a loss to explain or rationalize the origin of the lights and how the lights moved together uniformly and faded away so uniformly against the uninhabited and heavily wooded wetlands adjacent to a vacant building in a newly constructed condo com! plex. Th is event was not reported until now (posting date of Jan. 16, 2007). This posting was prompted by reportings of others from the state of Texas seen on news broadcasts, and the observer contemplated the nature of the sighting in Florida and decided to report it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));29.9118102649007;-81.4048639072851
