Blue light.  Electrical/mechanical sound. Treetop to head high level then over the trees.;2015-01-15 01:30:00;25-30 seconds;Blue light. Electrical/Mechanical sound. Treetop to head high level then over the trees. ((name deleted)) to me 0 minutes ago  Details: January ???, 2015, approx. 1:30 am in the morning, while driving North on I-95, somewhere south of St. Augustine exit to U.S. 1. I remember slowing down quickly to a stop in the emergency lane. I cannot remember why I did this. I thought of getting my IPhone ready to take pics but I reasoned that time was of the essence and I would not be able to enter the Passcode, find camera app, open it, then shoot. I then remember getting out and moving to the other side of my car and looking up.  I saw what appeared to be a silent rectangular shaped object with a long blue light underneath, a very long tube shaped light I am not sure how high it was but I believe it was tree top level my side of the trees that lined the roadway. I am not sure but I think it had turned off  its lights as it passed me ( because I did not see it clearly while being only feet from me) being head high above the ground.  There was only ambient light available.  I heard the craft as it passed me (approx. 20-30 mph)  It made a combination of an electrical/mechanical sound (mechanical being the possible result of a pulse like a droning ping against the metal or craft material encasing the propulsion system) … not very loud.  No prop sounds or conventional  engine sounds when it had passed me not sure how far, it went to become silent again but a good guess would be 20-30 feet. The next time I actually saw the craft (not in detail but possible shape rectangular at best, it was tree top level with possible red, blue, and white lights on before it turned left with ease out of sight. I don’t remember getting back into my car or anything else that morning (as I usually go to bed around 3 am) except making a mental note of the St. Augustine exit and saying to myself that it wasn’t far behind me where I encountered the craft. My wife told me that I had told her every day of the encounter never altering my story once.  The thing is she tells me that I had been telling her for weeks when I realized so much time had passed while I was still thinking that it had just happened. My mind has not revealed anything else of the encounter I believe that I suffered some sort of emotional shock or trauma from the experience. ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE OF REPORT)) Please edit name out of report that was accidentally copied and pasted on report for Saint Augustine, FL. Blue light rectangular shapes object, electrical mechanical sound. Thank you ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));29.9118102649007;-81.4048639072851
