Metallic, grey, triangular object hovers just above tree top level behind house as we stood approx. 150 ' away on a clear summer night.;1973-08-01 00:00:00;5 mins.;Summary : Metallic, grey, triangular object hovers just above tree top level behind house as we stood approx. 150 ' away on a clear summer night.  No sounds were heard. Object:   1 Grey, metallic, triangular in shape, points of triangle were rounded, not pointed.  Size:  15x15x15'  one side had rows of white lights about the brightness of a car head light.  Lights were larger at the base and decreased in size as they neared the top.Interested in astromony I've always observed the night sky.  Exiting my friends house in Morrow, GA this clear evening, (full moon).  We stood on the edge of her yard, I leaning against the car, preparing to go home near midnight, she facing me with back to house.  I happen to glance up and noticed this object hovering directly behind her house at tree top level.  It made no noise nor did it move initially.  I pointed it out to my air-head friend who glanced at it over her shoulder then remarked that it was probably a helicopter.  She kept gabbing thus I basically ignore it momentarily.  I remarked that if it were a helicopter then it wasn't making any noise.   She looked again, waved her arm and continued gabbling.  I kept glancing up at it over 4-5 mins time.  The next to the last time I looked up, it begin to very slowly rotate on its side.  As it did, I saw the rows of lights.  They did not appear to blink but remained on.  I told her to look again.  She commented, I don't know what it is and I don't care!  The next time I looked up it was gone!  Again, I asked her to look and explain what could have happened to it.  She gave no answer nor was she really interested.I would like to know if any other reports have been submitted regarding sightings in this area.  I recall reading an article in the Atlanta Journal during the 1970-73 time frame about ufo sightings in the state of GA.  Can you shed some light on this.  In my reading is seems like most sightings are not of triangular shapes.  Thank you for your help.  I will submit a drawing via mail.;33.5844;-84.3206
