Camoflaged UFO / Light Blue Disc With White Aircraft Silhouette On Bottom;1973-04-15 11:00:00;3 min;Camoflaged UFO / Light Blue Disc With White Aircraft Silhouette On Bottom Standing in large construction site on clear blue spring day.  No clouds. Noticed a strange object approaching from direct abeam. APX 2K ft.  When object got close to over head angle I noticed that it was a blue disc with almost the same color of the sky but broken by contrast.  On the bottom of this disc was a white silhouette of a small single engine aircraft. No protrusions, struts, markings, engine, prop halo or sound.  Just a bland white silhouette on an obvious blue disc moving at a slow pace. there was no hindering noises. I watched it slowly come and go constantly trying to readjust my perspective. I was the only witness that had this perspective.  I have thought about this for years. I became a professional pilot later and am now an International Captain for a Major Airline. I am convinced that my perspective was and is correct. I have never in my long career over vast territories and continents seen another UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  At the request of the source of this report, we have corrected the date to one in April 1973, from 1983.  Witness describes self as an airline pilot.  PD));33.058;-80.0101000000002
For a little over a month I would go outside and enjoy a cigar or just return home from anywhere from 10:30 to 11 pm and notice weird a;2017-05-04 00:00:00;3 minutes 53 seconds;For a little over a month, I would go outside and enjoy a cigar, or just return home from anywhere from 10:30 to 11 pm and notice weird aircraft, just hovering in one spot in the sky!  Their never together always separated in distance,  I've always tried to photo or video them and the would leave after they did a huge circle in the sky!   Tonight was different.  I was watching the NBA playoffs spurs vs raptors and I just returned from grabbing a drink and my favorite cigar.  It just so happened I caught it in plain eye sight and was able to zoom in on this object to record it and the way the lights go from left to right as ordered one red light three or four white lights then one red light and reversed!   There's been times a big spot light would appear then a steady two orange lights before take off!  But only one orbital aircraft was there tonight instead of two at least this is what I thought!  Then here comes this blue spinning object you couldn't see in plan eye sight!  I looked away from my camera phone twice and couldn't believe I couldn't see it but I seen it on my phone!  As I turned after a couple minutes to show I was literally outside my apartment and returned back to where I was standing prior it was gone!  I even thought Venus was the North Star that night haha!  But I screenshot both objects and the blue circular one thrice to show it was moving one has no stars that I could verify the second if you look closely when it was by what I call big o’s belt! The brightest light is was I normally said but in the video I have its clear to see they are planes! This light go so bright it lit up blue! I sternly awakened my girlfriend and say I finally got it but look here's something new! ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.058;-80.0101000000002
