Three white lights over Goose Creek-North Charleston - maybe pursued by USAF fighters?;2008-02-23 20:20:00;1-2 minutes;Three white lights over Goose Creek-North Charleston - maybe pursued by USAF fighters? Conditions – very clear cool night.  Moonrise had not occurred yet.  Upon leaving our house (facing east towards Highway 176) to get in the car, I noticed red lights of fast moving aircraft moving roughly north.  Living within a few miles of airport – this was not unusual, but they were moving very fast and were fairly low (I would say 500-1000 ft.) above a residential area.  They made a fairly tight arcing turn left and back around over Crowfield Lake/swamp to a SSE trajectory and happened to come right over our street.  The fighters made a distinctive sound and I would guess they were F-16’s from Shaw AFB in Sumter.  Charleston AFB does not have fighters as permanent party residents.  The 4 fighters were all less than 2 plane widths apart – definitely not a typical formation over a densely populated area at night.  Now really interesting part.  Thinking that that was an unusual flight pattern for a Saturday night my wife and I got in the car and started driving to North Charleston.  Just as we were leaving our neighborhood we saw 3 unusual white lights about the height of a cell tower (200 ft or so) over the Goose Creek Reservoir Swamp (between Wannamaker Park and Goose Creek).  We saw the lights for about ten seconds, and then they were gone.  We drove back around the same way later, and were not able to see the same thing again, so it was not some errant streetlight.  So either it was a plane that crashed into the swamp or something else.  There were no blinking white or red lights, no anti-collision lights, just three very bright white lights (almost life bright streetlights) 200 feet over a place where there are no streets.  It is now 2152 as of this writing and a family member also claims to have seen a strangely flying white light from the Isle of Palms connector looking toward the big dipper.  Apparently this light was moving erratically (fast then slow then fast then slow again) for about 45 seconds.  Apparently then they disappeared - I will try to pick more details out later.;33.058;-80.0101000000002
Red and Green lights above Goose Creek, South Carolina New Years Morning!;2014-01-01 00:02:00;8 minutes;Red and Green lights above Goose Creek, South Carolina, New Years Morning! Neighbors were setting off fireworks in celebration of New Years so my wife and I went to the front porch to watch.  We noticed this green/red light in the sky to the east. It looked to be two green lights side by side with a red light that pulsated slowly.  I set up an 8MP camera on a tripod and started recording.  Sometimes it appeared that the green lights were on top with the red at the bottom and sometimes this orientation changed - but the changes were very slow and difficult to notice with the naked eye.  Occasionally, the light would slowly drift to the south and then back to the north, returning approximately to its previous position.  After 8 minutes of recording, the green light turned off leaving only what appeared to be a pair of red lights and the light appeared to slowly descend until it was obscured by the tree line and out of sight.   20 – 30 seconds later, my wife noticed a red light of similar intensity moving north, but it was obscured by trees and other houses so we could only see little bits until it was out of sight completely. The recording is blurry – as they always are – it’s difficult to focus at an object in the night sky through such a tiny viewfinder.  The object appeared too steady to be a helicopter or any toy I’m familiar with.  There was a light breeze, so I think that would have caused a balloon to move.  No sounds from the object were detectable by me or my wife. I checked today – there are no towers or tall buildings in that direction, just 4 miles of residential neighborhoods and then wilderness for a hundred or so miles after that.   Just a really fun thing to see on New Years! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));33.058;-80.0101000000002
