Two UFO's made of orange and red light with blinking red lights on beach in Westbrook, CT.  ((NUFORC Note:  Date unknown.  PD));2013-07-07 20:00:00;4 minutes;Two UFO's made of orange and red light with blinking red lights on beach in Westbrook, CT. We observed two UFO's heading up the beach.  One fallowing another with blinking red lights.  Both moved away from us at a slow speed and vanished. They were both made of orange and red light with blinking red lights on each end of the ships. they knew we were watching them. I cannot explain it.  However, they did disappear. ((NUFORC Note:  Date above is flawed.  We have amended the date to reflect our best guess.  Source of report elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information, so we are unable to contact her, in order to confirm the date.  PD));41.2922;-72.4616
Seen two UFOs made of orange.red and yellow lights with red flashing lights.;2013-07-07 20:05:00;3-4 minutes;seen two UFOs made of orange.red and yellow lights with red flashing lights. We were walking the dog on a private beach about 2-300 yards from the house where the family vacations.  As we started on to the sand we looked south west to the far end of the beachs and about a half mile away, I noticed what I thought was a low flying small plant (sic.  Plane) with red lights flashing at each end of the wings.  However as I looked more and it worked its way closer to the two of us I noticed it was not a plane at all but rather an orange/red and a little yellow mixed in it ship made of light.  The end lights flashed a red like landing lights on a plane however the rest of it was mixed in color made of light.  I later seen the same color of light in something I seen while it was looked at in infrared.  It was fallowed by a second on the same path the entire way up the beach until they got to us. they were 25-30 feet cross about 50-60 feet in the air above the water about 40-50 yards away from me.  She kept walking and she was under them almost when the first one! stopped turned toward me and then slowly backed away in a 45 degree angle and disappeared the next one did the same thing at the same place as the first.  It was amazing to say the least and made no sound at all..  She did not want to talk about it I did not that it matter...;41.2922;-72.4616
