Round, Star Looking White light with Red around it and and a single white moving light;2009-09-23 22:00:00;1 hour;Round, Star Looking White light with Red around it and and a single white moving light On Wednesday, September 23rd at about 10:00p.m., I was on a fishing trip at Wakami Lake which is in the area of Chapleau, Ontario, Canada. Within Google Earth the location of the object was ( 47째25'21.60N, 82째49'55.44W) and the area from which I was watching was roughly  (47째32'9.03N,  82째50'28.40W)  I had decided to take a walk to the shoreline to get out of the treeline and get a good look at the stars because there were so many that it amazed me. Well on this night I noticed directly across the lake, there was a star that was as bright as the Northern Star. The difference was the fact that this star was sitting just above the tree line.  I observed it for awhile and asked my uncle to come look at it because I have never seen a star sit that low in my life. He came and looked and agreed that it was strange. We both tried to rule out a radio tower because the light in the center remained white, but out of nowhere there was this red light that seemed to circulate around the white and almost seemed like the colors blended together.  I thought at one point that I saw smaller little balls come out of it, but I couldn't be sure from the distance I was away from it.  We stood and continued to watch the colors like a light show and then all of a sudden there was a quick burst of white lights, as if the object swelled in size and then went back to the same state again. My uncle asked me if I had seen that and I said yes. The flash of white light reminded me of the sensation of a bolt of lightning. He was weirded out and went back to the camper. I continued to watch in amazement and then all of a sudden I saw the object move. I called my uncle to come back and watch to make sure my eyes were not playing tricks on me because I was watching for awhile. When he came back to see, the object moved again. We both decided that ruled out the possibility of it being a radio tower. I continued to watch. The first movement was from left to right at a slanted invert, maybe 35 degrees. Then the object came back on the same path to it's original position. It then went from the left to the right again in a direct line and then make a movement in the shape of and N. I do not know of any Aircraft that can move in that way.  The object did go back to it's position and remained there for a few minutes and my uncle left again. I had a big flashlight that shone a ways out and decided to try and flash towards the object in a signal fashion (On and Off and On and Off). I noticed that when I did this, the object would start to move again. The best way I could describe the patterns of movement was in the fashion of a diagnostic, but It would always return to the original position it started out from. I then decided to shut the generator off to kill all the lights at our campsite and get an even better view, seeing as I was the only one still up at this point. The part that made me a little nervous was the fact that within 30 seconds of turning off the generator and all of the lights, the object started one last motion from left to right, in an upwards direction of about 35 degrees again just like the first motion I had seen, it then disappeared in the blink of an eye. At this point I figured I should go to bed and that's what I did. Now it got a little bit stranger from here.... I was sleeping in the cab of the truck, in the back seat. The truck has slightly slanted windows so you can see the sky when you lay down. As soon as I laid down and noticed the stars directly above me, I noticed one of the stars moving. This star was just a white light and not as bright as the one I watched from across the lake. This star did follow similar patterns, but the movement reminded me of how a Water-Spider moves on the water. I really didn't know what to think at this point. The only conclusion that I could draw from the second object I saw was the possibility of it being a GPS Satellite, but I'm not sure what movement patterns they would use or whether you can see a GPS satellite in Space?  I did watch the first object for almost an hour before it left and then laid in the truck and watched the second object for over an hour before I got out of the truck and went to the lake again to see if the first object came back. The first object never did come back. When I got back to the truck the second object was still directly above the truck and continued to move in random patterns until I eventually fell asleep. The second object I do question was it was because it remained but the major differences between the two was the fact that the second object I observed was outside Earth's atmosphere and the first object was definitely within Earth's atmosphere. I'd say only several hundred feet off the ground. The next night was my final night at the lake and unfortunately I was unable to follow up to see if either objects we're back or still there because a storm front came in and the entire sky was overcast with clouds. I guess I will be haunted for the rest of my days with not knowing what I really saw, seeing as I didn't make out a specific craft or anything that would allow me to identify either of the objects. I'm not forcing anyone to believe me, but I know what I saw and that's good enough for me due to the fact that I now have no doubt in my mind that there is intelligent life out there or man has created something that is truly amazing and that should be shared with the rest of the world. Either way, I felt I should share my experience and I hope this may get other people that will be in the area to keep there eyes towards the skies at night because it was confirmation that I've waited my whole life to see and be able to put all doubt outside of my mind.  I thank you for taking the time to read this and sharing my experience with me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.8334;-83.394
