Shiny chevron shaped object traveling East over Lake Niagara, and then changed direction going South.;2015-11-16 14:22:00;20 minutes;Shiney chevron shaped object traveling East over Lake Niagara, and then changed direction going South. I was in my front yard facing North across Lake Ontario when I heard a helicopter approach from the East. I watched the small, white, news type helicopter then noticed a shiny object higher than the helicopter.  The helicopter went past and didn't hesitate at all. (they often travel this path).  The shiny object seemed to be pretty stationary and not moving. I went into the house and came back out with a small pair of binoculars but I still could not determine exact shape of object.  It was longish with something hanging below it so I thought it might be a big weather balloon.  I have never seen a weather balloon.  The object was very shiny and reflected the sun which was bright.  The sun was over my left shoulder.  The object began to move to the right, Eastward.  It moved fairly slowly and almost seemed to be tumbling or changing shape.  I really thought it was a balloon and tried to get some pictures with my cell phone.  I got a few.  The object was very far above the trees. I noticed a commercial airline going toward the East far above the object and not anywhere near it. The object was so high in the sky that it was impossible to make out its shape but it had to be pretty large because I wouldn't have been able to see it otherwise.  Much larger than a party balloon.   I walked into the field about 30 yards to my East to watch the object moving towards the East but after about 1/2 mile it changed direction and moved West and towards me.  It then moved more Southwest slowly.  I stood in the plowed field and watched it and it moved until it was overhead and to the South.  It was close enough that I could make out the shape then which was an L or V shape.  It resembled a very large L like that from a metal sign. It had no lights, made no sound but had square corners.  I would take a guess and say it was much bigger than me at least 10 feet or so. It traveled into the direction of the sun and I could no longer see it.  About 20 minutes from when I first saw it.  I thought it might land in the 100's of acres behind the woods behind my house and I searched them a little later, but I didn't see anything.;43.2939;-78.8233
