A comnet shaped object suddenly appeared in the sky and appeared to move across the sky slowly until it turned away from me and disappe;1998-03-07 18:17:00;2 minutes;A comnet shaped object suddenly appeared in the sky and appeared to move across the sky slowly until it turned away from me and disappeared. I was driving East on Intersate 40 just outside of Benson, NC on my way to Wilmington.  It was just before sunset and the sky was darkening at the apex when a light caught my eye coming from the  southeast.  It looked very much like the Hale-Bopp comet that was present in the sky last summer.  The light was bright in the end pointing north and it seemed to spread out and fade away from the object in a southern direction.  When it appeared I thought it might be an asteroid, but it remained visible in a somewhat stationary position for too long.  I quickly asked my girlfriend who was in the car with me to look up and she was immediately able to point it out.  For the next two minutes or so it remained visible and seemed to very slowly move from right to left in our field of vision.  Then suddenly it seemed to turn away from us swinging the tail of light towards us and then it sped towards space and quickly disappeared.  We watced the sky for about an hour longer and saw nothing of the object again.  My girlfriend and I are both in our early twenties and are recent graduates of UNC and NC State respectfully.  Neither of us had ever claimed to have seen a UFO before or since. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witness observed the apparent double launch of ICBM's from a U. S. submarine off the coast of Florida.  We have amended the date and time here.  PD));35.4055;-78.5438000000001
large, round, bright white light moving extremely fast at a low altitude.;2014-04-17 21:00:00;5 seconds;large, round, bright white light moving extremely fast at a low altitude I was driving from Raleigh, NC, to Wilmington, NC in the evening when it was dark out.   A little over half way through the trip, I suddenly noticed something in the sky.  Out of the blue an immensely bright, very large white light appeared out of nowhere.  It was significant is size and was moving very quickly at a low altitude.   It appeared to be very close - no more than a few hundred feet up.  It was moving extremely fast and then it suddenly turned in a complete u-turn and then a second later completely disappeared.  It was over with before I could blink. I was with a friend and did not say anything because it happened so quickly.   I thought I might have imagined it but then my friend said Did you see that?.  I was a little relieved that she saw it too.    At first I thought it was a fireball but the more I think of it, the more I am convinced that it wasn't....  I do not think fireballs make u-turns.;35.4055;-78.5438000000001
