Triangle Shape Zooms overhead , no noise, pulsates, changes sizes 3 times, then each point of light seperates and zooms off.;2004-09-12 03:00:00;10 Seconds;Triangle Shape Zooms overhead , no noise, pulsates, changes sizes 3 times, then each point of light seperates and zooms off. At 2:55AM on Sunday Morning September 12 I was on the my computer listening to late night talk shows.  My 2 dogs started to scratch at the door rather aggressively, which is unlike them (Lhasa Apso is a small, long-haired dog).  I assumed they wanted to go outside to the bathroom. So I gathered their leashes, and walked them outside of my condo.  As the dogs did their business I stood by the side of the entrance way to my condo, I scanned the sky as I always do every chance I get.  I have seen several UFOs since November 18, 2001.  I have seen Boomerangs, Flying Triangles, and Orbs.  They seem to fly by every November during the Leonid Meteor Showers, and if you want to check for your self, just do an Internet Search for the phrase: Leonid Meteor Showers Boomerang UFOS .  I was conciously thinking about the fact that I do not have my video camera with me, and what I would do if a UFO appeared in the sky. Just as I completed my thought a LARGE Triangle swooshed from behind the Condo and sort of stopped mid air as it was traveeling North.  I have seen Triangles before, but this one appeared to Fall out of the Sky as if I was seeing a Triangle Constellation of Stars just fall from the sky and sort of Bounce in mid air.  This Triangle pulsated and changed size aproximately 3 times..... It pulsated and got bigger, and then bigger, and then back to it's Original size......  and then each point of light seperated from the Triangle Formation and became indpendent lights in the sky.  At this point the almost looked like they could be 3 Big Birds or something in the sky playing tricks/dancing... and then Swooooosh..... off they went.... Heading North till they were out of sight, and just disappeared.  It wasn't so much the sighting of this event that is worthy of note.  I seem to live in a major hotspot in direct path to the Stanford University Sattellite Dish.  I am about 10 Miles north of Moffett Field (NASA/USAF BASE).  What made this sighting unique (to me) was the surreal feeling of observing it.  I have been having lots of dreams of UFOs lately and look for them whenever I venture outside at night.  To be thinking about a UFO and then see it swoosh over you is a very un-real feeling dream like feeling.  Especially since I have seen them several times before, and have been having surreal/lucid dreams of flying triangles.  I know what I know, and if you take the time to research the phenomena of these Boomerang and Triangle Craft appearing during the Leonid Meteor Showers you will to.  I have this overwhelming urge to encourage people to look up in the sky during this years Leonid Meteor Showers if they want to see that UFOs are real.  This sighting lasted no more than 10 seconds.  As the disappeared from my site, I ran inside to get me wife, (who has witnessed several sightings of Boomerangs, and Triangles with me Since November 18, 2001).  We both are having recurring dreams of Triangle Crafts, and other anomalies.  My wife came outside for a few minutes to see if the craft would re-appear, but no such luck.  She went back inside, I stayed outside for another 30 minutes or so. I did observe 2 Shooting Stars , and what appeared to be strange looking clouds and/or chemtrails in the sky where I saw the Triangle Craft.  However, I cant be sure they were Chemtrails or just partly cloudy.  It is a clear and beautiful night tonight. ((NUFORC Note:  We will encourage the witness to attempt to photograph the objects he apparently is witnessing.  With regard to the issue of alleged chemtrails, we strongly suspect they don't exist, at all.  PD));37.4419253906251;-122.142439453125
