Red glowing object over south eastern sky in Lodi Nj on 9/5/2009;2009-09-05 20:30:00;3 minutes;Red glowing object over south eastern sky in Lodi Nj on 9/5/2009 I was working a street fair in Lodi New Jersey and another vendor about 25 feet away from me walked over and said, What’s that up in the sky??  He noticed other people looking up in the sky so it caught his attention.  The object was in the south eastern sky. It was not a plane or helicopter. The people I talked to who saw the object all agreed to that.  It was red in color and appeared to be bright, almost glowing on and off. It looked like it was fairly far up in the sky because a visible star or planet was just to the north of the object, so I kind of used that as a reference.  Another friend of mine who has his own local cable TV show was at my stand and he had his video camera with him because he tapes all of the street fairs in the area and shows the footage on his show.  He filmed about 30-60 seconds of the object and he zoomed in and out on the object and after watching the video replay on his camera, when he zoomed in on the object, it appeared to be white in color.  He has promised to give me a DVD copy of the footage which I will gladly mail you if you’d like. I should be getting the DVD over the weekend. Please let me know if you would like a mailed copy.  Maybe it was a weather balloon or flare or prank by someone but I’ve been an advent sky watcher for UFO’s and this is the first time I can actually say that I saw a UFO. I’m not saying that it was a space ship, but no way was it a plane. The object eventually seemed to fade away and get smaller and then a cloud moved in front of it and it was gone.  The reason why I say it could have been a flare is because about six months ago, reports were all over the Star Ledger (Major New jersey newspaper) about red lights in the Morris County sky (I live in Morris County) and the sightings occurred on multiple nights and were compared to flares. If you Google “red lights over Morris County NJ”, you may see the articles.  I am a grown man and would never waste my time with a bull shit story and as previously mentioned, I’ve always been fascinated with UFO’s ever since I bought a book in the 1970’s titled “Is something up there”  I would very much like to hear what you have to say about my sighting.  Right after the event, I called a New York radio station to see if they had any reports of flying saucers in the area and they said no.  Since the object was over the south east sky, it probably could be seen over New York City.;40.8768;-74.0866999999999
