((HOAX??)) Black shadowy rectangle craft with bright literally white bright lights and flashing green lights ((anonymous report));2008-06-30 03:00:00;5 minutes;black shadowy rectangle craft with bright literally white bright lights and flashing green lights ((NUFORC Note:  Anonymous source.  May not be a serious report.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD)) It was very late I was sleeping and woken up by very bright lights shining into my windows.  The lights were so bright that I thought I was still dreaming just waking up somewhat confused by this bright white light.  Then it got extremely dark and I seen green flashing lights, so I decided to look out the window.  I couldn't see the sky or stars i only seen what i can describe looked like a moving black shadow that blocked out the sky.  I didn't know what I could be looking at so I went to the door and opened it to get a better look.  Not in my wildest dreams could I have imagined that I would see what I seen.  It was this HUGE rectangle shaped spacecraft that had white lights on it and flashing green lights.  It was slowly moving over my house and literally blocked out the sky when it passed over you.  I felt somewhat intimidated and afraid by the very sight of this thing because of its size.  I don't know if this was a United States Military Spacecraft or if it was from somewhere else.   All I can say is that it was the biggest thing I have ever seen in the sky in my entire life.  Just seeing something like this puts you in shock and awe it's like seeing 6 football stadiums together as one object flying in the sky.  You don't know what to think.  I still don't know what to think and it's taken me a long time to speak about this often questioning myself saying what did I just see?!?!  Honestly speaking I can only say I seen something that to me looked like it was not from this planet.;40.8768;-74.0866999999999
