Star-like light disappears and reappears multiple times in stationary position;2012-02-21 20:30:00;40 minutes;Star-like light disappears and reappears multiple times in stationary position I arrived home after shopping and noticed a very bright light in the Eastern sky. I hadn't recalled seeing a bright star in that area before and decided to watch it. I went inside and got my video camera and came back. I observed the object for about 10 minutes and decided to continue observing inside as it was cold. After a few minutes inside I noticed the object dim and completely fade out.  This only took a few seconds. About 5 to 8 seconds later, it came back into full brilliance again, not like a light turning on, but from dim to full brilliance in about 3 or 4 seconds. I went onto the back porch and tried to film this several times, but it was difficult keeping my hand held camera still, especially at full zoom.  I decided to go back to the driveway and rested my arms on my car. I was finally able to capture a clear portion where the light fades out. The camera seemed to continuously re-focus itself and the next few times that it appears to fade out it! is really just the camera re-focusing. However, the first time on the video, it does completely disappear as I was literally keeping one eye on the camera and one eye free to watch the light. It faded several times as I watched with the naked eye as well prior to filming. I determined that this was not clouds blocking the object as has been suggested. I observed several other dimmer stars that could be observed through the thin clouds that were present. Also, the clouds were moving much too slow to cause the light to fade so quickly and return so quickly. I checked the skies about 1 hour later and the light was gone. I will re-check the area tonight at 8:30pm and if the skies are clear and no light is visible, this will eliminate the possibility that the object was a star.;39.0819;-78.1873
Four lights rotating, traveling with car.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly advertising lights??  PD));2013-06-27 21:42:00;30+ minutes;Four lights rotating, traveling with car. My husband and I are witnessing a UFO as I write this on my mobile device.  Beginning at double church rd and fairfax pike we saw four lights to the right of our car.  The lights began in a small group and spread out in a circle rotating clockwise, staying apart for about four seconds and then coming back to the center rotating as a group the entire time.  The lights remains on our right as we turned left onto fairfax pike and then as we turned onto rt 11 they stayed to our right and appeared to follow us until we got to the family drive in.  The lights are still visible to the right side of our car.  The attendant at the theatre can see them as well.  The lights are white and are shining through or reflecting on the cloud cover.;39.0819;-78.1873
Orange lights changing to red lights. Seemed to interact at times.;2014-02-14 18:45:00;45 minutes;Orange lights changing to red lights. Seemed to interact at times. Nearly home from work with about 30 seconds of drive time left, I witnessed three large very bright orange light appear “thrown” into the sky.  The light changed from orange to red several times and moved in random directions, but in a graceful manner. I immediately ran into my house to grab my smart phone and managed to get three short videos.  The objects would fade away and then reappear seconds and sometimes minutes later.  The lights seemed to interact with one another at times. Eventually, the lights all disappeared.  I waited outside for another twenty minutes or so with little faith that they would return again.  To my surprise, the lights returned once more in another area of the sky for about two minutes and then vanished for good.;39.0819;-78.1873
Ball of light;2019-09-24 11:00:00;30 seconds;I noticed a ball of light about one mile above me.  Watched it for about thirty seconds.  It disappeared instantly.;39.0819;-78.1873
