Two African-American men see flying objects in  Ft. Mitchell, KY. Never seen anything like this before.;2009-11-07 20:54:00;8 - 10 minutes;Two African-American men see flying objects in  Ft. Mitchell, KY. Never seen anything like this before. On, 11/07/09, around 8:54pm, a friend and I were riding west on Dixie Highway in Ft. Mitchell, KY. As I looked up to the West, towards the airport, I saw three objects that I thought were shooting stars. They seemed like they were falling to Earth from the sky. However, the 3 lights took a turn up. I kept saying to my friend, do you see what I see? Do you see this? My friend thought the items were fireworks. I told him that fireworks are shot up from the ground. I told him these items came downward. Then we became somewhat nervous. As an African-American man, it is rare that we see these types of objects, or at least publicly tell someone. I work for an air line and I tried to tell myself that it was a plane or maybe someone was playing with a flare. However, the lights started to make all kinds of shapes. The three lights became four and made a triangular shape. Then the lights just hovered. Afterwards, the lights became five and made an angle like this >. Then it just hovered. I had stopped driving at this time to watch. After a few minutes of watching I started driving again. I was going to take I-75 north to Cincinnati, but I continued down Dixie Highway going west then north. The light was so bright. By the way, I called 911 to tell them what I saw. They just blew me off, but I was very serious. I know people had to see what I saw. After we headed down Dixie Highway, the lights just disappeared. We continued to look for them, but could not find them. I had never seen anything like this in my life. I had always seen these events happen on television, but I did not expect to see this in my own community. I am very skeptical of people who claim to see UFO’s. I do not know what it was I saw, but I know it wasn’t a flare, not making all of those formations. I know it wasn’t a plane. I fly on them often. I know what I saw wasn’t fireworks. There was a cloud in the sky when we witness these lights. It was a clear night. I wish someone would investigate this. I know someone had to see what I saw. I am so glad I had a witness;39.0301396135265;-84.5589685990336
