Bright white shield shaped craft hovering approximately 15 ft in front of my VW bug at Pinecrest cemetery, craft faded lighter and ligh;1976-07-10 01:00:00;Not sure;Bright white shield shaped craft hovering approximately 15 ft in front of my VW bug at Pinecrest cemetery, craft faded lighter and lighter until we no longer could see it.;48.3148000000001;-116.5291
Myself, and 3 friends decided to go to the cemetery at midnight, we were teenagers and thought it would be scary, as we were sitting at;1976-08-20 00:00:00;5 minutes;Myself, and 3 friends decided to go to the cemetery at midnight, we were teenagers and thought it would be scary, as we were sitting at the top of a hill overlooking the cemetery, my boyfriend took my keys, trying to scare me more, I was wrestling with him in the front seat, when out of the corner of my left eye I saw a large shield shaped object hovering approximately 20 feet in front of my VW bug, I yelled at everyone to look, we were all literally frozen in fear.  I remember it like it was yesterday, it was fairly big, shaped like a shield and the brightest white I have ever seen.  it had no lights at all.  My boyfriend threw my keys at me, they landed on the floor.  I couldn't move,  I dont really know how much time went by,I remember clearly that the bright white of this craft started to fade lighter and lighter in color, at one point it looked like spilled milk hovering in front of us.  then it was just gone, it didnt fly away, it was just gone.   I grabbed my keys and backed out of that cemetery and left, the strange thing is the 3 people who saw this with me, we never discussed it again.  There was a famous women in Sandpoint who was could read your past and future, a year later, I went to see her,she still had one of those bubble TV sets,  on her tv was a program about UFO'S,  I was watching it while she was reading my palm.  Mrs ((woman's name deleted)) stopped and she said to me, you have seen a UFO.  I was shocked that she knew I had.  She then explained to me where they come from, the inner earth,not outer space.  I have never forgotten that night up close with a UFO and never will.;48.3148000000001;-116.5291
Object on orbital path around the moon.;2003-07-17 02:00:00;5 hours;Object on orbital path around the moon. I was at home enjoying a beer, when a friend of mine suddenly came in and yelled Richie, come take a look at this! myself and two others came rushing outside to see what he was so excited about. we saw something that appeared to be a star in close proximity to the moon. We didn't think anything of it for at least an hour. It just seemed something cool to look at while we passed the time away. I stood there staring at it for a few moments and then told my friends (at this moment, the group comprised of myself and four others) It's moving. They, at first, didn't believe me. We then ran in to retrieve my girlfriend's telescope and I quickly got it centered on the object. It appeared perfectly circular (which is to be expected from viewing something through a home telescope at such great distance), orbiting the moon at what I thumbed out to be at least 500 miles (I was always good at math and spatial orientation). When it first was brought to our attention, it was in the 7 o'clock position in relation to the moon. What made us realize that this was no planet, star, or earth orbiting craft was because of these reasons: 1- it stayed approximately equidistant from the moon at all times in an orbital path(it is at about the 2 o'clock position as I type this. when we first saw it it was in the 7 o'clock position as stated above.) 2- any star that close to the moon when it was full but 4 days ago would be occluded by the sun's light refracting off of it. I know this to be fact. 3- I know of no moon orbital sattelites posessed by any nation at this time(of course, there could be some that I am not aware of!) 4- no planet or star could maintain such a perfect relation to the moon. The object in question exhibited a yellowish tinge and produced coronal light discharge that completely differed from any heavenly body I have yet encountered. To me it somewhat of a mystery, but I have no doubt that what I saw was very doubtfully made by human hands and exhibited behavior clearly indicative of an orbi! tal path around the moon. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the object may have been the planet, Mars.  PD));48.3148000000001;-116.5291
Three small unidentified lights or orbs in very close proximity investigate our firework display.;2004-12-31 20:00:00;5 minutes;Three small unidentified lights or orbs in very close proximity investigate our firework display. A small group of parents and children were lighting fireworks.  The night was clear and I was sitting on the deck just above the group, approximately 20 feet away.  This was not an elaborate firework display, but enough to entertain young children.  Some of fireworks would shoot up higher than tree line, explode, and dissipate as they were falling.   While watching the fireworks, I noticed there were some lights just above the last explosion that did not fall or dissipate.  In fact, they were not moving at all, and remained suspended in the same spot above the children.  The unidentified lights, or orbs (3), remained suspended above the area of the fireworks for few minutes, and then moved in a straight line above the deck where I was standing.  It was clear they were not fire works.  There was no doubt they were moving together with intention and direction.   I yelled out to the group to see if others were watching them.  We were amazed and baffled.  Then the orbs proceeded! to move over the house, rising up to scale the roof line.  Their movement made no sound.  They were round, perhaps less than the size of a racket ball, and bright enough to be initially mistaken for light exploding from the fireworks. A few years ago I shared this with a group of people and one person in the group had also witnessed something similar in the same town during a fire work display. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));48.3148000000001;-116.5291
A  missile/cigar-shaped object suspended just below the body of a small jet landing in Sandpoint. ID.;2005-05-10 17:00:00;10 sec.;A  missle/cigar-shaped object suspended just below the body of a small jet landing in Sandpoint. ID. I saw a small airplane descending to the field in Sandpoint, Idaho.  Beneath the body of the plane, there was a much whiter missle-shaped object, about five-sixths of the lenght of the plane. It seemed to be suspended just below the belly of the plane.   There is a mountain of 2000' that is the background for the view, dark rock and evergreens. The weather was clear, and the sighting was to the north of my house, an unobstructed view, and about one mile away.  The plane was very quiet-usually the jets are much noisier!   Very short sighting, but it caught my attention, because the plane looked grey in contrast to the really slender cigar/missle shaped craft(?), which was white, no lights or markings that I could see. My DVD player hiccuped about 30 seconds before I saw the plane-picture went black, and could not be called up with the remote. Has not happened before. This is difficult- I am apathetic about writing this report- I know it's important, but I am blocked.  Strange and atypical. ((NUFORC Note:  We wonder whether the witness might have observed a USAF AWACS (E-3A) aircraft, or some other type of military aircraft.  Just a guess.  PD));48.3148000000001;-116.5291
Looking toward Western sky, my sister and I watched an object with a bright, white light at the head and a smaller, white light at the;2021-08-30 04:45:00;~3-4 minutes;Looking toward Western sky, my sister and I watched an object with a bright, white light at the head and a smaller, white light at the end of what seemed to be a bar.  It was dark, so we were unable to see actual shape. But it was very long.   Object moved swiftly overhead toward Eastern sky.  There was no flashing, both lights were steady.  Maybe a low sound was emitted not sure as there was some manufacturing noise.;48.3148000000001;-116.5291
