I wouldn't quite say crafts but that I would label them objects. I was laying down on my lawn looking up at the stars and wondering abo;2006-07-13 22:39:00;2 minutes;I wouldn't quite say crafts but that I would label them objects.  I was laying down on my lawn looking up at the stars and wondering about how nice it would be if the city removed the street lamp from in front of my house that way there wouldn't be that glare interferring with my view of the stars when I saw an unlit object traveling north.  At first I thought it was a balloon but it was traveling too fast and too straight for a balloon, plus there was no wind blowing at all for it to be a balloon traveling that fast. I started thinking maybe it was just a rock formation of some sort floating through the sky because surely if it was an aircraft I would have seen some sort of light. It was very faint but I could barely pick it out with my vision and there is no doubt in my mind that it was moving. I called my wife but she couldn't hear me so I decided not to tell her afterall for she might think I was nuts. Plus when my focus returned to the object I could not longer find it in the dark sky. But soon after I saw another (I would say 10 minutes after). I chirped my friend on the Nextel and luckily he was on the line immediately. I chirped him because he is the type of guy who has a telescope for the stars and is all in to aircrafts and knows about Astronomy somewhat. I told him what I had seen and asked him to check the sky. Of course nothing else could be seen for a while until I seen another to the east of where I was at and I couldn't pinpoint the coordinates to him from my house in time for him to see it. Realize that after a minute or so it became lost in the haze of the darkness. I was trying to explain to him to where the object was in relation to certain bright stars but it was difficult to explain since I know nothing of Astronomy. I thought Orion was out and according to him the 3 stars I was looking at was not Orion so we were lost for a while. Until we established two points of reference in the sky the 3 stars which I thought was Orion was the secondpoint and the first point was the brightest star to the East with two faint stars which sort of formed a triangle. So time passed and eventually he had a couple of friends visit him and I could hear them in the background and then like at 10:30ish I saw another object, also traveling north that coincidently was crossing right by the first point of reference which we had established and that was the brightest star to the East of the second point of reference. This one however we both saw. I chirped him on the Nextel and asked him to look at the first reference point and apparently all the guys who were with him also looked up at that exact time and saw what I had been seeing, except this was the fourth one that I had seen and only their first. One of the other guys that was there said immediately that it was a satellite. And they unanimously agreed that it must have been a satellite but I still had my doubts. The fourth one did something different than the first 3. Since the fourth one passed right through my first point of reference (the brightest star)the object seemed to get brighter as it passed right by the point of reference. It seemed to reflect the brightness of that star and as it passed it the darkness began to swallow it up as it again grew fainter and fainter and finally disappeared. We then began a big discussion on satellites and the speed they travel and how many there are as if we knew what we were talking about and to make a long story short I still have my doubts because I could not Identify this object, thus making it a UFO for me. If you could identify it then I guess it will no longer be a UFO but the fact is I saw what I saw. That's it. I hope my info could help solve other mysteries or clear misconceptions. I just thought I'd write to you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));33.9883;-118.1823
