I was driving south on U.S. Hwy 51 and I saw a craft that didn't move for 5 or more minutes.  The craft also made no noise.;1998-10-01 23:10:00;5 minutes;I was driving south on U.S. Hwy 51 and I saw a craft that didn't move for 5 or more minutes.  The craft also made no noise. As I stated above I was driving south on U.S. 51, travelling from Wausau, WI to Stevens Point, 30 miles away.  Mosinee is approximately 10 miles south of Wausau and the regional airport resides there.  As I passed the airport and got away from the lights of Mosinee I noticed what appeared to be a set of automotive high-beams floating above the treeline about 3 miles ahead.  I assumed it was an airplane, but as I drew nearer I realized that I was the only one in motion.  When I was finally only a mile or so away I saw 2 blue lights on either side blinking in unison, and one light blue flash on top that comes only after the side lights flash.  I slowed from 65mph to approximately 30mph and noticed that it had a saucer-like base but it had 2 C shaped pieces sticking out of either side and almost meeting in the center.  It hadn't moved since I first saw it and when I was closest I measured it's altitude with my thumb, and it sat one thumbnail or about 25 feet above the treeline.  It was also right next to a road that overpasses the highway and winds into the countryside.  There are no homes or farms in the immediate vicinity of the sighting.  The second witness was not with me in the vehicle, but rather a truck driver who came up behind me.  I was in the right slow lane,(51 is a 2 lane freeway), he was in the passing lane.  He slowed his rig down to about my speed of 30 mph and I noticed that his attention was fixed on the object to the left of both him and I.  There was other traffic on the other side heading north, so this object was very blatant, it didn't appear to be hidden.;44.8001;-89.6863000000001
Organic looking craft hovered silently in place for several minutes then took off towards the horizon at a high rate of speed.;2016-07-13 01:30:00;five minutes;Organic looking craft hovered silently in place for several minutes then took off towards the horizon at a high rate of speed. My friend and I were doing some night fishing with his 7-year-old stepson at Bean’s Eddy in Mosinee Wi and had been doing fairly well with catching fish until this… thing showed up.  Bean’s Eddy is a heavily wooded area on the Wisconsin River so animal activity is very prevalent but once this thing showed up everything went eerily silent, no bugs, no small animals, and fish activity went completely south, even the coyotes went quiet for hours.  It was a clear night, not a cloud in the sky, we could clearly see the planes coming in to land at the nearby Central WI airport, and in fact there were planes in the sky when this thing showed up (though none near it), so we could tell the differences and see size references. I have seen other things but nothing close enough to say, “Hey, that’s not a plane!”  This was different…. First off no noise, there was no sound whatsoever, and considering how close it was and that we could hear the jetliners coming into the airport we should have, if there was any noise made.  Second, I could see the shape of this thing, it looked almost organic, eight lighted panels grading in color from dark orange to a bright yellowish white and a body that was silvery black, kind of like a black chrome.. Last and most disturbing was that it just showed up, it didn’t glide in, it was just there, hovering in place for several minutes, then, when it started moving it moved from above us to the horizon line in less than thirty seconds.  I drew a picture of it just to get it out of my head…. it looks like nothing I have ever seen.;44.8001;-89.6863000000001
