A 5 red light V-shaped object firing out white objects.;1989-04-18 23:30:00;3-4 minutes;A 5 red light V shaped object firing out white objects. I was lying down by the patio, looking at the stars, when I saw 5 red lights in a v shape, heading West to East.  It was a clear night and only saw lights nothing solid.  I would have thought it was just an airplane except there were no flashing lights.  What it was doing is what really made me question it. 	The craft appeared to have 3 corners as indicated by the red lights and as it was flying it was “shooting” white object out from each of the three corners.  From the left rear out towards the South South West, from the front it shot East and from the right rear corner it shot North North West.  It continued that pattern as long as I could see it.  The white objects speed was much faster than the speed of the craft.  The white lights shot very far out that I lost sight of them over the horizon.  As I remember it was about 2-3 seconds between each “shot”. 	As the craft passed over our house, I ran through the house and out the front door, down to the end of the dead end road we lived on, to an open field, where the landscape was open for a mile.  It just continued doing the same thing “shooting“ the white objects until it passed over the East horizon. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));44.8001;-89.6863000000001
Low flying triangular craft seen near airport.;2002-05-13 21:15:00;15 minutes;Low flying triangular craft seen near airport. Me and my friend were driving down the road and we looked up and saw two bright white lights above a field.  We wondered if it was just a pole or something else.  As we got closer we saw there was a red flickering light in the middle.  We pulled over and watched whatever it was and it looked like it hovered.  It all of the sudden took off back toward town.  I rolled down the window and listened to it.  It sounded somewhat like a lawn mower.  We turned around and followed it.  We were going about 55 or 60 mph and it was speeding way ahead of us.  We thought it might be a plane because there was an airport  (Central Wisconsin Airport) that way but couldn't figure out why it was so low and why it was going so fast.  As we kept going, we saw it hovering over a field again.  We saw that it looked triangular and somewhat flat.  We pulled over and watched it again.  It took off once again and we saw yellow lights now.  As we followed it back the other way, it looked like it dipped and crossed the road and hovered about 50 or 70 ft above a house.  We reached up with it again, pulled over and watched it again.  This time, it took off very fast and looked like it landed in a field somewhere or something up ahead but it was too fast to see where it went or landed. ((NUFORC Note:  We will request a written report from the other student-witness.   Please see other report from Holland, MI, for this date and approximate time.  PD));44.8001;-89.6863000000001
