Orange Glowing Dot Between Orion and Canis Major Constellations.;1996-03-09 21:05:00;Seconds;Orange Glowing Dot Between Orion and Canis Major Constellations. There were three times I had seen UFOs in the literal sense of the word because I did not know what they were.  To this day, I still do not know what they were.  I had not seen anymore since I had seen the last one.  I would love to know what the three bright dots in the sky were if they were actually alien UFOs or not. On March 9, 1996, my parents went out and I was home alone.  I went out to have a cigarette at 9:05pm.  As usual, I looked up in the sky and saw something very peculiar. I saw a glowing orange dot between Canis Major and Orion Constellations.  At first, I did not know what it was so I thought it was a star.  I saw it move southward so I thought it was a planet, but it was moving fast to be a planet.  So, I had thought it was either a US military plane or a UFO (which it was in the literal sense of the word).  After a few seconds, it just vanished.  I had always wondered what it could have been. I told my parents about it and they laughed at me about it. I told few of my friends about it and one or two believed me. A year and a half later so it was summertime, a friend and I went to my parents’ house to visit my parents.  We decided to go out to have a cigarette.  We came to an opening in the fence that led to the pathway and the train since my parents lived by the train station.   When we got to the opening in the fence, I saw the glowing orange dot in the sky again and told my friend to look.  We both saw it and it was moving east, instead of south. Like the first one, it also vanished.  We were very puzzled and wondered what it could be. I told him that I had seen the same thing a year and a half ago. On December 26, 1999, my parents and I went to my father’s best friend’s house in Minnesota. I went out for a cigarette and as usual, I looked up into the sky.  This time, I saw a very bright white dot in the sky.  I knew that it could not have been Venus or Jupiter because it was too bright to be a planet.  I was wondering what it could have been. I had heard that you could see the Russian space station from the ground.;40.7939511811024;-74.4874787401575
