Object was small, dark colored and shape was not distinct (possibly flat?) Every 2-5 sec entire back end of object emitted bright red g;1998-07-10 20:29:00;15 sec;Object was small, dark colored and shape was not distinct (possibly flat?) Every 2-5 sec entire back end of object emitted bright red glow which varied in brightness. Object was high in sky and appeared to be smaller than pencil eraser held at arm's length Myself and a friend were standing in my backyard when my friend pointed out the object. I saw it as well. It was high in the sky and very dark in color and moved about the speed of an airplane or slower. At first it appeared to be an airplane, but then it emitted a bright reddish glow that lit up the entire craft. My friend had seen it flare up a moment before. The light was not like that of an airplane's because it gradually brightened and slowly faded, and lit up the entire craft and some of the sky around it. We both ruled out reflection of sunlight because the reddish glow would have been constant. My friend saw the first flash and both of us witnessed 3 more (total of 4 flashes seen). The first flash was a very bright one, seen by my friend. It was followed by 2 less intense flashes. The final one was very bright and dark reddish color. The object then disappeared behind the distant treeline. Note that the flashes were slow, gradual, and varied in intensity and length. Each flash occurred at non-consistent time and remained lit for about 1-2 (long) seconds. The lighting was totally unlike that of an airplane. The object remained in view for around 15-20 seconds. We hope these facts may help you in theorizing explanations about what the object may have been: -The sky was completely cloudless -It was just beginning to get dark(8:30) -Other airplanes were in our view so we could compare their appearance to that of the object we were watching Note that both of us have contributed to and agreed with this report. We are writing this only about 10 minutes after viewing the object so it is very fresh in our minds.;40.7939511811024;-74.4874787401575
Multiple small, white, high-flying objects seen in daylight;2001-07-09 15:00:00;+/- 4 mins;Multiple small, white, high-flying objects seen in daylight On Monday, 7/9, I walked out of my house in the afternoon to pick up my mail. As I walked back toward the house, I noticed a single white object high in the clear sky over my house. I stopped and watched it for about 30 seconds. It appeared somewhat balloon-like, being a very small and/or high-altitude, white colored, vaguely spherical object. It did not have a strongly defined path of travel, but seemed to drift about. It was definitely not a plane or other aircraft. The only possibility I was considering as I watched was some sort of balloon. I ran inside and got my digital camera. When I came back out, I saw that there were now several objects in the sky. Three of them were in a large equilateral triangle formation. The entire formation rotated as it moved off beyond the treeline. There were several other stray objects. After snapping a few pics, I went back inside and got binoculars. As I was walking into the house, I saw that one of the objects made a sudden controlled descent, dropping downward below the distant treeline as if tugged by a string. When I came back out with the binoculars, I saw that only one object remained. I looked at it through the binoculars and saw that it appeared to be oblong in shape, and part of it flickered as if reflecting sunlight. This object eventually rose very high until it was almost invisible, then moved beyond the treeline. It is possible that these were balloons, but their behavior seemed suspect. I have seen UFOs before, one of which I reported to NUFORC several years ago (1998, I believe). Only one of the digital photos came out with a visible object (what can I say, cheap camera). I posted that photo on a UFO message board. It can be seen at (http://www.ufoalert.com/pictures/159.html). The upper pic is the actual shot, the lower is a Paint Shop enlargement and sharpening.;40.7939511811024;-74.4874787401575
