slow moving fireball the day before a local crop circle story was in the newspaper;1993-05-29 00:00:00;seconds;slow moving fireball the day before a local crop circle story was in the newspaper I was sitting on my back porch facing east, looking at the stars and having a cigarette pretty early in the morning hours.  I had seen a few meteors streak the sky every once in a while and watched a satellite move by.  Then, I saw a big slow fireball coming toward my direction (from east to west) then going where the porch roof blocked the view overhead. I thought how weird a meteor could be that slow and big. I got out of my chair and looked weset over the roof and saw the fireball finally disappear in the night sky which I thought nothing more of.  THEN a day or two later the union bulletin (our local paper) had a story with pics of a crop circle in walla walla. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witness may be alluding to the crop circle that appeared in a wheat field on a north facing hillside, just south of Kennewick, WA, which is believed to have first appeared on, or about, Saturday morning of the Memorial Day weekend in 1993.  I will attempt to confirm the date.  PD));46.0593999999995;-118.3361
I bright green flash, followed by an object decending at a 35 degree angle in the sky.;1998-10-04 04:37:00;few seconds;I bright green flash, followed by an object decending at a 35 degree angle in the sky. At the time of the sighting, I was keeping a daily journal (of other matters) that I wrote every morning before I started work.  At the time of the sighting, I did not know whom I could report it to, and figured that if it was truely something, the news would have reported it.  I am going to write word for word from my journal entry of that day: 4:37am, Stateline Road.  That's the time and place I was when I seen it.  I was heading north, so it was in the western sky that  I spotted it.  I don't know exactly what it was, but I can describe the scene. I was heading from Milton-Freewater to Walla Walla, going to work.  Usually, when I drive, I like to glance around, especially early mornings, because of all the different hues of color in the sky from the moon.  Well, anyway, shen I was about to cross the Oregon-Washington Stateline Road, I glanced to the left of me.  I seen a bright, green flash, followed by an object that appeared to be on fire, decending at an approximently 35 degree angle, parallel to the course I was traveling.  The whole scene occured in a short timespan of maybe a few seconds.  After watching too much television, I remembered to document the time by my car's clock-radio. Now, I couldn't tell you exactly what the object was, or if it was even an object or maybe a fireworks display. But, given the angle of decent, my best guess it that it was a solid object.  I could anything from a meterorite to space garbage or even something extravagant like a UFO.  I just hope that I'm not the only one who has seen it. ((NUFORC Note:  Even though the witness submitted his report more than three years after it had occurred, his facts are correct.  Please see other reports for this time and date.  The event was very strange, and it was seen over a large area of Oregon and Washington.  One witness in the Seattle area reported that the object slowed, and then sped up again.  PD));46.0593999999995;-118.3361
