The craft was larger, and flying lower than any aircraft I've ever seen and produced absolutely no sound.;1999-09-06 23:45:00;30-45 seconds;The craft was larger, and flying lower than any aircraft I've ever seen and produced absolutely no sound. First I apologize for withholding this information for so long.  It was late on a cool night around 11  It was not quite summer not quite fall. I was standing outside after walking a female friend home. My friend and I were discussing constellations and stars so we were naturally looking up to the sky. It was a very clear night and you could see the entire night sky over the city. My friend and I ended up talking around a half an hour or so and she offered me something to drink, I asked if I could get some water so she went in the house to get it for me.  She was in the house for around 3 minutes or so and I continued to watch the night sky. I was actually looking to spot a falling star or similar anomaly when suddendly an object started to block my view traveling southwest at a very low rate of speed.  I shifted my view north slightly to see what I thought would be a plane headed to Detroit Metro Airport yet it was not.  This object was perfectly triangular in s! hape, flying at an altitude of 400 feet or less, and was completely silent.  There were hundreds of small lights underneath the craft but they looked to me to be windows like those of a commercial passenger jet because the light did not shine out, it shined through.  There were running lights of some sort at the front tip and two corners that appeared to be externally mounted and super bright white.  They were lit steady and were not blinking. It looked like a flying city and was dark gray or black metal where there was no lights.  I estimated this craft to be the size of at least two football fields across (rough estimate) because once it was directly overhead it was all I could see in the sky briefly.  I watched it another 30 seconds or so and then the object either accelerated away at a tremendous amount of speed or simply turned translucent because I could not see it the distance anymore.  By this time my friend had returned with the water, she handed it to me and asked what was I looking for.  I drank the water and told her nothing, fearing she would think I was crazy.  I never told anyone about this event until recently and even though it was so long ago the sight is burned in my memory as if it was ! today!   Only after years of reading other reports and watching documentaries on sightings did I decide to offer my sighting to the community.;42.4215;-83.1114
