At 11:20 PM as I saw a triange shaped object with 7 red lights moving slowly to the south.;1995-11-12 23:20:00;10 Minutes;At 11:20 PM as I saw a triange shaped object with 7 red lights moving slowly to the south. At 11:20 PM as I was preparing to go to work I overheard two police officers on my scanner talking about an object in the sky over 3500 West.  I went outside and saw an object that had 7 red lights that was in the form of a triangle.  There were no flashing lights and I heard absolutely no noise coming from the craft. The object was moving in a southern direction very slowly.  I got in my car and drove over to the Triple Stop Gas Station and watched the object continue to move south into Davis County.  I informed some of my co-workers about what I saw.  The next day in the Ogden Standard Examiner Newspaper it was reported that a number of people saw this object and called the Ogden Airport.  According to the Newspaper the Airport Staff reported this object was a comet.  A statement which I and I am sure all others who saw the object would dispute for it was moving to slow and was clearly not a comet.;41.1685;-112.0361
Roy, UT, Triangular Object around 5200 south & state street flying northbound;2019-10-30 20:40:00;20:41;Roy Utah Triangular Object around 5200 south & state street flying northbound I am a criminal justice major, security professional, and I am also a local politician.  I am unsure what exactly I saw so I tried looking up if anything has been seen on Facebook pages and haven’t found anything yet, not that anybody really wants to go looking for the kind of negative attention a post like that would make.  I have always looked at myself as a credible person and know I can trust my own eyes.  I was just off 5200 s in Roy and state street. I let my dogs out to use the bathroom and I heard what sounded like an airplane with propellers.  I looked up and saw a small plane with 3 lights fly by and seemed to be heading to the Ogden airport.  I then looked away and heard the propellers get louder and looked up to see if the plane was circling back.  As I looked up I saw I originally thought must have been a flock of geese then as I focused my eyes and the sound got louder I observed a triangular shape with a slight glow along the perimeter of the object! slowly moving north.  It blended in with the sky and the clouds and the glow was almost a distortion of the background almost mimicking the night sky. I tried recording it but it was to dim to make out in my phone against the night sky. It slowly kept moving north until I lost sight of it from my house, I stepped into the front yard from the back and saw the object continue north until I lost sight of it as it blended into the night sky and I could no longer make out the shape. I came inside and told my spouse what I saw and was told I was psycho. Knowing that I have built a career on my observation, situational awareness, and my experience I can trust that I know I saw something I wasn’t meant to see. Whether this is something from HAFB or something else I don’t know but feel compelled to document my experience while it is fresh on my mind, though it is not a site I will soon forget.;41.1685;-112.0361
