Repetitive meteor style lights in a group flying over Utah's Hill Air Force Base then disappearing.;2010-09-24 01:15:00;5 Minutes;Repetitive meteor style lights in a group flying over Utah's Hill Air Force Base then disappearing. Normally I sleep through the night, but I was woken up by something at around 1:00 AM.  I went to the bathroom and then went back to the edge of my bed and just happened to peak out my window, when i did that I looked into the sky and saw a bunch of very small glittery lights coming out of the sky. My first thought is wow a meteor shower.  I have never seen one so I woke my wife up and said come look at this, it’s a meteor shower.  She said she couldn’t look because she did not have her contacts in so she went back to sleep and I went back to the window.  It took a minute but I finally realized that there was a very loud ongoing jet sound/rumble.  Now I do live next to an air force base, but I have been living next to the base for 18 years and have never heard a jet that loud, that late at night for that long.  I kept watching the lights thinking I’m seeing a meteor shower and there is a jet in the distance, but then the swarming shower started moving.  I th! ought that this was where the tiny meteors were falling to but when I really focused on the lights I noticed that they were all repeating their patterns.  As the lights got further away, the jet noise seemed to get softer and eventually was gone as the lights were not visible anymore.  Just after that I could hear a jet taking off from the base for a few seconds and I then went to bed.  The lights were white, they looked like glitter balls or fire flies buzzing around.  This happened right over my neighborhood and the lights moved over the base and then over some mountains in an eastern direction.;41.1685;-112.0361
UAP had no outline or structure, no sound, a random brilliant clean strobe white & red light, disappearing into a gray misty portal;2016-03-11 05:05:00;00:02;UAP had no outline or structure, no sound, a random brilliant clean strobe white & red light, disappearing into a gray misty portal. As prior MUFON Utah Asst. State Director I was hesitant to report this sighting, being my first credible Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon (UAP) sighting but now the shoe is on the other foot. To set the stage right, my balcony looks east to the Wasatch Front.  To the north Ben Lomond, Mt Ogden is directly East from my balcony, and then you can see southeast beyond the radar towers on Francis Peak.  My home is right on the flight pattern of Ogden Airport (1/3 mile), Hill Air Force Base (3 Miles), and Salt Lake City Intl. (20 Miles), all as the crow flies. So lights in the sky has been has been a part of my life for nearly 44 years. On 03/11/2016, I woke up at 0505, walked over to the sliding glass door of the dining room, poked my head through the curtains and saw a light 1000 ft. above Mt. Ogden (9505 elevation) at Azimuth 40 degrees N41E.  I first saw Arcturus, and then saw another light off to the left of it, moving slowly up and then NW which triggered my instincts...quite unusual at this time of the morning.  It flashed a brilliant white a couple times and then flashed  a brilliant red.  I knew right away that was not normal.  It then moved upward slowly but noticeably and then very slowly headed WNW toward Ogden.  By this time it has really caught my attention.   I had to put both hands up to the glass door and face to block out the surrounding light on the glass from inside.  The light would flash randomly 2-3 times a pure clean white light in comparison to a strobe light effect and then randomly a pure clean red flash would happen.  The lights were completely independent from of other.  With my 37 years around aircraft and working Safety in the government, this was not in the military inventory. I have always had all of my investigation gear next to the sliding door just in case something like this would occur I would be totally prepared. Unfortunately,  I had been out of town in Nephi the night before on a UAP investigation and had put all of my gear downstairs in the office.  So I hurried to turn off the home security alarm, went downstairs to grab my gear, headed back up to the balcony all along being away from the sighting for approximately one minute.  Fortunately, when I got back it was still there heading towards my westerly direction.  Then It started turned heading NW.   I immediately threw a few shots of my green laser light at its side with no response from the UAP. I could tell that the red flashing light was located below and a little forward of the white flashing light because at one time they flashed almost instantaneously. The UAP is now between Ogden Airport and I-15 heading NW.  Turning again and heading north, in less than 10 seconds you could see that it was starting to lose its flashing brilliance. It faded out and entered a gray misty cloud and completely disappeared into a portal.  The mist dissipated almost immediately following the UAP disappearance. The strangest thing is that this UAP had no outline, structure, and no sound.  It was just the movement and brilliant lights that gave it intelligence.  Had this been a plane you would have seen it still flying out at a much further distance with the lights flashing off of wing tips and tail section.  The other odd part of this sighting is that planes do not have a flight pattern coming straight over Mt. Ogden heading west toward the Ogden Airport and aircraft don't come down in this area doing a fly over at this time of morning. The speed of the object during this whole sighting was that of a small plane.  Ceiling was 10 miles, clear with no wind.  Total time start to finish was approximately 2 minutes or less.  Had this been during the summer with leaves on the trees, I would not have seen the UAP enter and disappear into the portal. There are many lessons for me here! I've played this scenario out in my head 100's of times in case I ever saw a UAP . Take a deep breath or three, always have binoculars/monocular, green laser, night vision, camera/cell phone fully charged and nearby. But the big lesson I learned...why didn't I just grab my phone 25 feet away. I may have had a chance to put it on film with something to show instead of just this witness report and telling my friends, “Well, I saw my first UAP”!  If a recording hadn't shown up on the phone, it would have at least shown that I gave my best shot for visual evidence.  I kick myself everyday saying, “Why did you do that!”  It happens occasionally with witnesses admitting it in their UAP Reports when you see your first UFO…your just not yourself. Remember though,  Absence on evidence, isn't evidence on absence.;41.1685;-112.0361
