What appeared to be a disk zigzagged over a small town;2003-10-18 17:00:00;five minutes;What appeared to be a disk zigzagged over a small town After hiking on Mount Si, my friends and I stopped in North Bend on our way back to Seattle. North Bend is a small town, with the main street running only about four or five blocks. It was near the end of the day, not sunset yet, sometime in the late afternoon, when we noticed some dark object in the sky just beyond the town. From the start, we couldn't make out what it was. I have never seen anything like it. At first, I thought it might be some type of balloon, but I quickly ruled that out. Its shape was going from circular to flat, and it was zigzagging slowly up and north, rather than floating straight up. I could see it quite clearly, although it was pretty far away. After ruling out the balloon, I thought that it was a saucer shape, rotating with one end down at an angle, so that it would get flat and round looking intermittently, just like a garbage can lid does, or any disk shape, when you drop it and it rolls around its perimeter on the ground. We watched the object four about five minutes as it moved higher and north (or more northeast, sort of towards the mountain). I could see it quite clearly for a long time until it got to small and disappeared in the high clouds. I was wishing that I had binoculars when it was lower so that I tell for sure whether or not it was a saucer shape. But I am fairly sure that it was. That's about it.;47.4797;-121.7505
Shiny saucer seen  over Mt, Si in North Bend, WA;2009-05-29 10:00:00;1-2 minutes;Shiny saucer seen  over Mt, Si in North Bend, WA While driving on Highway 202 between Snoqualmie, WA and North Bend, WA I was looking at Mt. Si.  The mountain is very large and impressive and it was a beautiful, cloudless day.  At a very high altitude, I saw a shiny, silver saucer.  It moved slightly diagnoal then disappeared.  I pulled over but could not see it again.  I kept my eyes on the sky and a few minutes later saw a dot (like a star) very high in the blue sky.  It not not Venus or a satelite for it shined very bright and was very high.  It moved very fast across the sky then disappeared.  This object (whether it was the same one further away or not) also created an air disturbance in a large radius around it.  The closest thing I can compare this disturbance to was heat waves.  Again, I pulled over but could not find the object again. I am a mother of two young children who has lived in the Mt. Si area for some time.  I am familair with the patterns of the sky and the way the mountain looks at different times of day.;47.4797;-121.7505
