Hovering circular-dohnut shaped object with red and green-blue light moving at an incredibly fast pace up and across the nightsky!!!;2010-08-13 00:52:00;about 9 minutes;Hovering circular-dohnut shaped object with red and green-blue light moving at an incredibly fast pace up and across the night sky!!! 4 family members were outside at about 12:52 am to see the Perseid meteor shower, we live out in the country which gives us a perfect clear nightsky. I saw towards the north and a circular object with red and greenish-blue lights was hovering from side to side smoothly but straight up within seconds. I quickly told others and we ruled out it could not possibly be any aircraft given the way it was moving! Another member came out and we were in awe! THe UFO then went south passing above us at a high altitude and we heard sound......I immediately called my brother withing city limits and he saw it too and at the exact moment it was above me, there was a sound on our phones!!!!!! The UFO continued to travel south towards Mexico until it faded away.  It was too bizarre.....we are still in shock.....  Then at about 3:02am, we are about to go inside, when we see what appears to be the same object this time going straight up hovering from the East side, but farther awa! y.  It moved acros the sky towards the northwest and faded!   My in-laws are Christians and could NOT believe what they also saw.    Unfortunately, we had no camera available at the time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));26.1372;-97.6453999999999
Shiny, round, metallic-looking, flew straight up, in less than one sec, all I saw was a little blur when it left.;2011-08-15 18:00:00;15 seconds;Shiny, round, metallic-looking, flew straight up, in less than one sec, all I saw was a little blur when it left. So i was like 14 when this happened.  I remember it well cause i was always fascinated by UFO's and Aliens. So i wen outside to ride my bike for a while, it was about 7pm, sun was going down and there was a nice sunset.  I rode it for like about 10 min,   So i looked up to the sunset and clouds were red,  Thats when i spotted something shiny, The sun's rays were hitting it. It looked like it was made out of a metal , or something like that.  It was round. I watched it for like 5sec , and i thought...  Its prob just a plane i kept looking at it for a while, it looked like it was sitting in one area the whole time.  Then out of no-where, I just saw it Zoom Strait up.  At that moment i thought  I did not just see that go up, OMG  It was sitting still one moment, the other, you just saw a little blur where it just flew up.  I went to go tell my dad, and mom . and as usual, thy would not believe me.  They think its all nonsence.  But.  But i know i saw something different that day.  I never told anyone, cause everyone would just think im lieing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));26.1372;-97.6453999999999
