7 to 9 large, bright amber lights moving from southwest to northeast over Illinois;2002-02-02 23:35:00;25 minutes;7 to 9 large, bright amber lights moving from southwest to northeast over Illinois This occured at night, begining at about 11:30 and ending by midnight.  There were 7 lights that I witnessed, two more according to others nearby.  The lights were amber colored, and would occasionally flash bright white for a moment before going back to amber.  They moved steadily, not zigzagging or stopping and starting.  They were travelling northwest, coming from the southeast.  They each took 4-6 minutes to cross the sky from horizon to horizon.  There were first a pair, moving at the same rate, far enough apart to be distinctly two separate objects.  Before they disappeared over the horizon, a solitary object moved in the same direction.  This solitary one was seen to flash.  About 5 minutes after that one disappeared over the horizon, 4 more came from the same starting point, moving in a line at first.  About 1/4 of the way across the sky, the front one diverged a bit, but they still travelled together.  At about this point, the rear one began to flash white for 30 seconds or so, then went back to amber.  Along the way across, perhaps one or two others did a similar flash behavior.  No sound was heard to come from them.  The objects were very bright and large moreso than planets, stars or any airplanes.  I am a 26 year old college student in LAS.  Several passersby were stopping in the street to watch and saw the same things I did, and I contacted friends in town who also saw the lights.;40.0950351063829;-88.1945648936169
Orange lights observed over Urbana Illinois;2002-02-02 23:35:00;5-7 minutes;Orange lights observed over Urbana Illinois Witness Testimony: At the time of the sightings, I was walking west down Main Street past my apartment building and to Piccadilly Liquor Store. I just had dinner at the Courier Cafe' aroound the corner. I had not been drinking. I looked forward and up and noticed the light because it was unusually bright. I thought at first that it might be a planet because of its brightness and orange-amber color, though it seemed closer. Watching it as I walked, I noticed it was moving. As I walked past my building and headed down the hill, I saw two men standing at the entrance to a parking lot talking to a man in the passenger side of a stopped car. A woman was driving. I stopped to talk to them. They were all also looking at the light. They pointed me to the northeast where I saw two of the same lights moving off into the horizon. They said the lights had flashed bright white a few minutes ago. The two men walked away and the car drove ahead to the liquor store. I watched the single light continue moving. It flashed a bright white for a few seconds then returned to its amber color and kept moving. I watched it until it was disappearing into the horizon (then proceeded to walk toward the store). In the parking lot, I saw a friend who was leaving the store. He said he'd seen the lights on his way to the store. I went inside (the store) for about five minutes. When I exited, I looked to the southwest and saw four more lights emerge one after the other from the horizon in a line. They seem to be equally spaced apart from each other at first then the first light strayed a little from the line formation. The rear one in the line did the same flashing activity as the first had done. I slowly walked back towards my building. As I watched, one or two others in the line did the same flashing. I watched until they reached the horizon. Once home, I called another friend in town and his girlfriend had seen the same lights fifteen minutes ago. All of the lights appeared the same. All of them seemed to maintain the same altitud! e throug hout their path. They moved in fairly straight lines. If they wavered or altered course, they did so gradually. In summary, this witness first observed the lights in the southwest and last observed in the northeast. The objects were observed approximately halfway up from the horizon. The witness could not begin to estimate the distance of the lights. The sighting duration was estimated to be 5-7 minutes in length (from horizon to horizon). The orange-amber lights appeared to be one and a half to two times the size of a star. No sound was discernable. (Case investigated and submitted by Illinois MUFON State Section Director, Victor Connor). ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Victor Connor and MUFON/Illinois for sharing this report.  PD));40.0950351063829;-88.1945648936169
