watch many ligth's in the sky day's before the sighting telling a frend about the ligth's at the same location a ligth came by at great;1998-08-15 17:30:00;21/2 hr.;watch many ligth's in the sky day's before the sighting telling a frend about the ligth's at the same location a ligth came by at great speed it stop to the left  of us and begane to flot in the air and drifed back in to space. after a while my friend left I came back to the site and , this time saw a object in the sky it was red in color and, it had an aura or haze around it . the  shape  look triangle .I watch a plane go under it . it drift back in to space and sat out there like a star . ((NUFORC Note:  Anonymous report.  PD));34.287493150685;-118.43292739726
Large triangle shaped craft with three blue lights spotted by by two seperate motorists in San Fernando Valley.;2006-02-24 18:40:00;About 20 seconds;Large triangle shaped craft with three blue lights spotted by by two seperate motorists in San Fernando Valley. I'm a big skeptic.  I keep an open mind, but draw no conclusions.  What my fiancee and I saw was nothing like we've seen before.  Around 6:00, both of us got into our cars and proceed home from of different jobs.  I was commuting North from Glendale into Valencia.  My fiancee was coming from Reseda Blvd and was battling out the freeways in heavy traffic.  At about 7:40, going west on the 210 freeway I spotted three lights traveling from the North to the South (San Fernando).  The three lights formed what I can almost positively identify as a solid triangle.  Two lights were a cool blue and did not pulse or strobe in any way, and a thrid, on the side (not directional front) was more white/yellow (also did not flash or blink).  The object was large and low, about the size of a large commercial air craft at about the altitude you see them when they're approaching an airport to land.  Sometimes you might see a strange light in the sky, but as you watch it it always explains itself by changing direction or distance and you come to realize, Oh, it's just a plane... I couldn't see the wings before.  But I observed this as it traveled across the complete 180 degrees of my field of sight, crossing over the freeway and continuing on over San Fernando Valley.  This object never changed perspective.  It appeared as a SOLID, large, geometric triangle with three lights at its points.  No curves.  No wings.  And it glided slowly perfectly smooth over the freeway.  Too slow for a plane at that distance and altitude.  This was strange, but I might have been able to dismiss it easier if I hadn't arrived home to hear my fiancee saw the exact same object from the other side of the valley.  Our observations were identical, and we both agreed that our after-work sleepy daze was broken when this strange object immediately stuck out.  We both, independently came to the same conclusions (not that it was a space ship or anything, just that this was no ordinary plane) and we were shocked to find we both witnessed it.  One case of over-active imagination... maybe.  But two?  I was going about 60 MPH but my fiancee was stuck in heavy traffic.  I'm sure others on the freeway must have witnessed the same thing and I'd like to know if anyone got a better look.;34.287493150685;-118.43292739726
