Bright white and blue-circled, oval-shaped UFO splits into 3 objects and disappears!;2015-11-01 17:00:00;3 seconds;Bright White and Blue-Circled, Oval-Shaped UFO Splits into Three Objects and Disappears from Sight! UFO Sighting in Littleton, Massachusetts, Nov. 1, 2015 - 5:15 PM EST.  Did anyone else see the really up-close UFO this evening at 5:15 PM EST over Littleton, Massachusetts by the Groton/Littleton Route 119 EXIT off Interstate Highway Route 495 (which runs North/South) ?????????... Yes! ... Three of us saw a UFO this evening at dusk time, in Littleton, right before the sun set in the west. ... It was as close as 100 yards away, flying right over the new Littleton Police Station on Route 119 (which runs East / West), near the brand new Demoulas Market Basket Supermarket Plaza on Route 119, near Littleton Center! ... My sister's boyfriend (who saw it FIRST, and pointed it out, as he was standing in a westerly direction), myself, and my lifelong friend,were standing in my sister's driveway when her boyfriend said: Wow! ... Look at THAT! ... What is THAT?! ... My friend and I immediately looked up into the Western / Southwestern sky, and we all saw the exact same thing at the same time! ... It was a UFO !! ... It was flying no mor! e than 100 feet, if that, over the tree lines on the southern side of Route 119, heading west. ... The object was heading from the northeastern sky towards the southwestern sky just before sunset. The sun was shining on it from our left, in the southwest, as we looked due west. ... It came from out of nowhere! It made no sounds, at all. It was internally illuminated, colored a very bright white in the center. All around the perimeter of the object, it was surrounded by a fine bright metallic blue band of bright light. It was oval-shaped, but not perfectly oval-shaped from our vantage point. Also, it was moving VERY FAST !! It left no vapor trails or exhaust fumes behind it. It cast no shadow on the ground. It made no normal aviation type sounds that a jet, or an aeroplane, or a air liner, or a small propellor plane, or a weather helicopter, or a military chopper might make. Nothing! No sounds! It zipped across the sky, coming from, virtually, out of nowhere! The whole perception of it, for all three of us, only lasted between two and ! three se conds, at the most, but that was enough to get a very good look at it.  Also, it appeared to be DESCENDING, as if it intended to LAND somewhere off to the southwest in a farm field in one of the western farms that run along both sides of Route 119 on the west side of Highways 495. ... It was RIGHT ABOVE the tree line! ... We all thought it was going to CRASH, and we were expecting to hear a LOUD BANG, and possibly see flames and smoke. ... But just then, something REALLY WEIRD happened that NONE of us have ever seen before (and I have seen a UFO now, after this, for the THIRD time in my life): instead of the bright, silent, wicked fast, descending, oval-shaped, and internally illuminated object CRASHING to the ground over and past the trees nearby the new, Littleton Police Station, the object, amazingly, SPLIT APART into THREE separate flying round, white, oval lights with a blue tint around the perimeter, and IN FORMATION, these three objects all continued flying / zipping /! floating / gliding / piercing west through the sky over the tree line by Route 119, and then TOTALLY DISAPPEARED from our sight! ... GONE! ... Into thin air! ... Did they LAND? ... Did they CRASH? ... Did they CHANGE DIRECTION on a dime? ... Did they hover even CLOSER to the ground? ... Did they zip off to the South or to the NORTH behind the trees and beyond our sight SO FAST that we could not see them change direction? ... Or, did they ZOOM UP and OUT of our lower atmosphere instantly and so fast that the human eye cannot detect the exit path of their motion?! ... We do not know! ... But, we do know this: we all saw it at the same time. We saw it appear from, apparently, out of NOWHERE. ... We saw it split into THREE separate ovals or spheres. ... Lastly, we saw it then totally DISAPPEAR beyond the tree line without a trace! ... It was real! ... Did anyone else SEE that? …;42.5374;-71.4842
