Football-field-sized, soundless, rectangular object with lights on bottom, over northeastern Massachusetts;1982-08-13 00:30:00;6-7 minutes;Football-field-sized, soundless, rectangular object with lights on bottom, over northeastern Massachusetts I was driving back to Chelmsford MA from Lawrence MA with a friend.  It was approximately 00:30 on a summer evening in 1982.  We were heading south on Rte 495.  There was a normal amount of light traffic for this area and time of evening.  We both saw an unusual light in the sky, far off.  It was obviously not a star (too large and too yellow) and not a street or highway lamp (we could see others) and it was moving towards us.  I believe it was in the sky on the driver's side of the car.  It was not alarming, but continued observation for several minutes piqued our curiosity, because it was clearly moving, becoming larger in our sight.  It was kind of a feeling like, what the hell *is* that? I remember that we reached a point of wanting to stop the car and observe it for a while.  It moved to a position where it was too high over us for me to see and I began looking for an exit to get off the highway so we observe.  My friend, during this time, had been craning his neck to look up through the windshield to keep track of the thing.  Finally, he leaned way out of the window and looked over the car.  He was in this position when I took the next exit, which I believe took us to a little-traveled portion of Rte 110.  I heard him exclaiming like, whoah! out the window.  Almost immediately, I stopped the car on the side of the road and we got out.  I remember that it was extraordinarily, strangely quiet -- I mean, no other cars, no activity evident in the nearby houses.  I looked up, and the thing was right above us.  I'm bad a judging size and distance, but it was an enormous platform-looking thing to me with lights (I don't remember the color or if there was any flashing) on the bottom, mainly around the perimeter, I think -- I vaguely remember seeing the edges as darker than the light-polluted sky.  Because it was a good 200 to 600 feet up (I really don't know), the rest of it was dark, and the sky was dark, I got the impression, from the lights, that it was rectangular, although my friend later said t! hat he t hought it was diamond shaped.  Anyway, the thing appeared to be immense, like the size of a football field, or maybe 75% of that, I don't know.  A feeling of shocklike amazement hit me immediately, because something like this simply was not in my experience, which may help explain why I couldn't judge its size or height in better than the general terms given.  I felt transfixed (not by any outside force, but by surprise and emotion).  I glanced around, expecting to see cars stopped on the road and people hanging out of every window, gazing in awe and perhaps panicking at the sight of this thing, but there was no one, no disturbance whatsoever, no cars passing on the nearby tressel.  The object made no sound at all.  I remember standing there, staring up at it with my friend, just staring for another ten or twenty seconds, and it started to move away from us, just a bit, slowly -- then suddenly it accelerrated at an alarming speed (I don't know if it was an impossible speed, but it was not like anything I'd ever seen), I mean, it just zipped away.  We seemed to be able to continue to observe it as an indistinct light, as we had seen it at first, for a while, but then it was gone.  We were left stunned.  One of the most amazing parts of the experience was that I felt no real desire to speak to anyone about it the next day or thereafter.  My friend told me he had felt the same.  Even now, when I mention it, feeling that I had told so-and-so about it before, long ago, they say I didn't.  It's a bit weird.  My friend and I discussed it only once or twice thereafter -- this is how I found out that he thought it was diamond shaped, while I had thought it was rectangular.  He concurred with my football-field-sized description, to my recollection.  Very, very strange.  I've never seen anything like it since, and I am unaware of other UFO reports like it.  I have no doubt that it happened, though.  I have never used drugs, by the way, and have never in my life been drunk.  Although I had thought once or twice ! about do ing so in the past, I have never reported this to anyone unknown to me. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.5374;-71.4842
