large object stationary far above chimney of recyling plant drawing up smoke covering the bottom of craft with no sounds;2001-12-21 03:00:00;15 min;large object stationary far above chimney of recyling plant drawing up smoke covering the bottom of craft with no sounds On my way back home to Hamilton from Niagara Falls Canada, driving west on the QEW(4 lane highway), 3 of us in the front of my pick-up  on this clear winter night, as I neared Hamilton passing through the town of Grimsby, from here, the highway runs a straight level line to Hamilton (east to west direction), I saw a somewhat larger than normal star, about 30 degress above the horizon.  It is about a 15 min drive from Grimsby to Hamilton, and as my 2 friends chatted away, I kept watching this bright star.  It struck me funny as it seemed to be stationary, then go slightly lower in the sky and then up, and when it looked like it moved slightly north of the highway and then back to the other side, that's when I said, what the hell is that and my 2 friends noticed it.  I had been watching the light for a good 7-8 min before speaking aloud.  We all watched in silence for a couple a minuits as we neared the outskirts of Hamilton.  It was on the left side of my vehicle and the closer we got, the higher in the sky it seemed.  I then realized it was hovering way above the large chimney stack of a recycling plant about 3 blocks south of the highway.  the chimney is about 6 storeys high and on any given day, there is a wisp of smoke coming out and the winds grab right away and it changes direction almost as soon as it leaves the stack.  What I saw, was a huge column of smoke coming out, several times wider the the mouth of the chimney and going straight up, maybe 40 storeys and this light seemed mostly in the top part of the smoke which made it strangely reflective(like lights in a fog)on this clear night.  As we were now almost parallel with the chimney, I was pressing my face every couple of seconds against my window trying to look at this and it was now the thing was almost straight up(and I was still driving and could only glance every couple of seconds). There was only the sound of my truck engine. The funny thing is, I told my self that some construction company was building some huge structu! re behind this wall of smoke, beside the chimney, and that's where all these lights were coming from(but, there is no huge structure in the area and the chimney is the tallest thing). At that moment, the highway turns 90 degrees, and that was the last we saw of it.  One of my 2 friends saw 3 lights on top but what I remember the most was, when right beside it, looking at this incredible volume of smoke coming out of the chomney stack and hiding the entire bottom of this huge circular object but on the edges were all these different colors reflecting off the smoke and the smoke was rising thick and perfectly vertical at least 40 stories and, I had been watching this, light, for the entire time as it grew in size the closer we got.  I checked the local paper the next day, radio stations and even have a business account 1 block away from the recycling plant, but nary a word.;43.2469903133905;-79.8718776353275
Three different sightings of dim, orange lights arranged in various shapes passing soundlessly over my house.;2003-05-21 23:30:00;35 minutes;Three different sightings of dim, orange lights arranged in various shapes passing soundlessly over my house. This is a personal journal entry taken from the week following the sighting. May 27, 2002. It’s been a long time and much has happened. Firstly I should report that on Tuesday, May 21, 2002 I had three separate UFO sightings. It was garbage night at around ten thirty. The evening was clear, cloudless and refreshing. I was looking up at the stars and moon, as I often do on when it’s nice, making my last trip down the driveway with the blue box in tow. Up towards Mount Hope Airport I saw six lights, two triangles fat side first, coming as a unit towards the house at an indistinguishable height. They immediately got my attention because they were nothing like any airplane lights I had ever seen. As, what I thought to be a plane approached I observed that the lights were all the same color orange, dim and larger than I usually see on planes at night around here. As it passed over head I became even more fascinated (perplexed) because the plane made no sound. The lights were indeed close enough that I should hear sound, and in fact, they were close enough that I should be able to see a shape or silhouette of some sort. Yet there was none of that either. In fact, I could see right between the lights to the stars beyond. Now I was transfixed and as it went a little farther the light pattern of two triangles rearranged themselves,  scattering into a haphazard pattern indicating to me that this wasn’t one plane but six individual units. I was pretty freaked out but surprisingly less than I would have thought. I made some phone calls (two to a very unappreciative friend because his daughter was asleep (jerk!)) and then went out front to have another look. I called my brother with my portable phone but wound up talking with his wife because he was at the Leaf game. I didn’t bother mentioning to her what I was calling about because of the subject matter. As I was rapping up the call I saw another one. This was a singular, orange, dim light (same as the others) coming diagonally from across the street, perpendicular to my house, and going west. It was a spot of light too fast for a plane but! too slow for the steak of a shooting star. It was strange talking to someone but not being able to tell them. Then finally, after I got off the phone I saw the last one. It was a line of three horizontal lights (same as the others) traveling on a similar path as the first but a little more west.;43.2469903133905;-79.8718776353275
Bright orange, round, fast, and silent object.  Like nothing I have ever seen.;2011-06-05 21:00:00;10 min;Bright orange, fast moving, silent object.  Nothing I have ever seen before. My family and I were returning from a fishing trip in Dunnville, it was around 9 pm on the evening of Sunday June 5, 2011.   We were traveling west bound on a level elevation on Mud Street, which is in Hamilton, ON, Canada, it was a clear sky with only a few white clouds in it.  The sun was setting and my husband was driving and we were chatting about our fishing trip.   I turned my head to look out the North side window and saw an object in the sky.  I said to my husband, what is that?  That is not an airplane. I fumbled for my Blackberry to catch a picture and video of what I saw.  The object was round and bright, it was orange in color.  It did not have a trail behind it or lights like a plane would, it made no noise as it flew through the sky at a fast pace.   It looked about the size of a basketball, but I could not tell how far away the object was from us. It was moving south when, it suddenly stopped in mid air and switched direction and started travelling west towards the direction, which we were traveling.  As we turned to go onto the Red Hill, which is a small highway, I was able to film the object, which was now traveling south again, I did not see it change direction again as I lost it for a minute while I was getting my camera ready.  I was totally in shock and a little disbelieve that I had seen this.  I have seen other people’s video and pictures of ufo sightings, but really wanted to experience it for myself, as I am a strong believer in them.   As a teenager, I had a similar sighting but never shared my experience as I felt no one would believe me, as they do not now, the people around me think it was a plane or they just laugh at me.  The previous sighting I had was during the day, which is weird I was waiting for a friend of mine to come out of a Zellers store.  I was parked facing east when I looked out my front window and just above the building I saw a bright silver object, that literally appeared out of nowhere, and as soon as it appeared it disappeared just as fast.   Again, I was in total disbelief.  I find myself always looking in the sky in hopes that I may see something out there, and now that I have, I want to share it with everyone.;43.2469903133905;-79.8718776353275
Object moving fast, different directions with redish craft moving towars it;2012-05-21 21:00:00;30 minutes;Object moving fast, different directions with redish craft moving towars it I video taped what looks like an stationary light way up in the sky.  When I zoomed to the object, it was moving really super past in different directions that I keep losing it in my video frame, so i have to refocused it once or twice to video tape it again within my video frame. When I stopped video taping, I noticed an orange/redish light heading towards the object which I video taped too, but I forgot to zoom it, so my second tape did not show the second redish object heading towards the first which was all white light. With special equipment, the second tape might show the  redish craft heading towards the all white craft .;43.2469903133905;-79.8718776353275
Orange orbs in the sky for minutes then planes;2012-08-18 21:00:00;2 minutes;orange orbs in the sky for minutes then planes first 3 orange/red lights appeared then about 5 more.. they lasted for a min then all of a sudden started disappearing one by one... about 4 mins later there were planes and a copter in the sky.. this is the 3rd time in a few weeks that i have seen these &quotorbs&quot it also made a very vibrational sound as they went away. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.2469903133905;-79.8718776353275
