the light behind the cedar;2006-06-05 01:30:00;unknown;the light behind the cedar i am writing this to see if anyone has witnessed anything like this. we live in a rural area in arizona that is known for its sightings, but more the usual 'lights in the sky' kind of thing. this was very different. i woke up about midnight, maybe later to go to the rest room, get something to drink and saw there was a light outside the window. i did not pay attention, thinking it was an unusally bright moon, which happens in our elevation often.  finally, tho, i looked out the window and saw this bright yellow light behind one of the cedar trees. it did not illuminate the tree, rather imagine a square light behind a round or curved cedar and it did not reach to the top, but kind of spread out from the sides. i just watched it stupidly for awhile, realizing of course that not only was there only a small quarter moon that night, but generally moons don't hide behind low cedars. the light flucuatated, moving in a liquidy sort of way, but never going over the top the tree. pretty soon, i just stopped watching and lay down, but still saw the light through the window for awhile. finally it did 'go out', just wasn't there. i had thought about checking it out and going closer, but something held me back the next day i felt funny and sort of avoided the tree that the light had been at. finally, i decided to go to the tree and my eighteen year old daughter came with me. we sort of just walked around it and looked at the tree and then i noticed some odd lines in the dirt, kind of like bird scratches but real straight, and almost like a pattern. i showed my daughter and we noticed they were all done like with a ruler, the  lines were that symetrical. there was no evidence whatsoever of footprints if it was a 'joke' and we live so remote that it is doubtful that anyone could have come up there and drawn lines in the dirt with no evidence of their vist. as i walked around the front of the tree, i saw a perfect arrow outlined, pointing to the tree. my daughter and i both stared at it for a long time, and then we both really wanted to just get away and neither of us went near it for several days and we looked again, of course, the lines were gone. so there's my story. there have been other 'light signtings' around the area, but mainly small ones,little ones that 'dance'. i am hoping that someone has seen or heard of something similiar and will check back to this site when i can. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));35.2168;-109.3386
