Last night while pulling my car into the parking lot of the Behaioral Health Services Buildins, I noticed 3 flashing entities coming do;2003-03-14 20:00:00;3 hours +;Last night while pulling my car into the parking lot of the Behaioral Health Services Buildins, I noticed 3 flashing entities coming down in front of my car. Upon further review, I noticed more dropping out of the the sky until there were several. They had mostly red and white lights, flashing, had no visible wings, and did not make a sound, although some had blue and aqua lights. Some were triangular, some cigar-shaped, and some like a small box with four perpindicular lights. I brought several people out of the the building, and we all watched this penomenom. Please tell me I'm not crazy. Also, during the time I was watching, a bona-fide helicopter with multi-colored lights flied over.A few, buty not all of these objects left a con-trail. I have spent seven years in the air force, and I knoe whta aircraft  look and sound like. These were not conventional aircraft. I called 911, and a Winfield police officer responded and watched them with me replying that he could not shoot them down, and that this was beyong local jurisdiction. The lighted objects also spat out balls every once in a while that also flew. ((NUFORC Note:  We will attempt to have the other witnesses submit reports, as well.  Witness describes self as having considerable technical training and experience.  PD));41.8727;-88.147
Orange lights in shape of inverted 'Y' flew 200 ft. overhead traveling East.;2008-08-03 22:30:00;3-5 Seconds;Orange lights in shape of inverted 'Y' flew 200 ft. overhead traveling East. I was outside my friend’s house having a cigarette on his porch and looking up at the sky. I noticed 7 orange lights in the shape of an inverted ‘Y’ flying directly overhead moving West to East at a steady speed. I know it was not an aircraft because all the lights were orange and no red or green lights and none were blinking. It was about 100-200 feet in the air. I thought it might have been birds reflecting street light but it was moving too fast and I have never seen  birds fly in a ‘Y’ shape and uniformly. I am a 23 years old and am in college. I try to be logical as possible. I try to look at the sky whenever I'm outside but am skeptical when I see something. As for this I would say 70% sure it was a UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides just telephone number.  PD));41.8727;-88.147
