Red glowing, pulsating orbs flying low over Marina Del Rey. One emitted a &quotsearch light&quot &  they all disappeared in depth int;2012-11-02 23:58:00;5-10 minutes;Red glowing, pulsating orbs flying low over Marina Del Rey.  One emitted a &quotsearch light&quot &  they all disappeared in depth int Marina Del Rey, CA just before 11:00 pm.   My husband and I had just laid down to go to bed.  We have a clear view of flight path for LAX.  Looked out our window and saw two glowing orbs that we thought were helicopters that were approaching, possibly looking for someone in the peninsula area, which is not atypical.  They were not moving very fast, they had an odd glowing red light unlike an airplane or helicopter- the orbs were slowly pulsating rather than blinking and the light was much brighter than any landing gear or anything.  I thought they were possibly far off on the other side of LAX, but an airplane had just taken off and clearly passed behind one of the orbs.   A third orb appeared and was in line of the other two.  The first orb turned towards the sea, and a fourth appeared in line behind the third.  I thought it was weird that they were so close and yet there was no sound like you would expect to hear from a helicopter, so I jumped up to observe them.   The first one, which had turned, was no longer red (perhaps the red was only in front) and proceeded out towards the sea in a straight line until the light simply disappeared into a pinhole size.  It was not like a shooting star, it simply faded like it disappeared in depth.  The fourth orb appeared to be about over the water channel and a light suddenly appeared to illuminate a large area (perhaps over the water) to the east of the orb, BUT there was no light trail emitting  from the orb, there was no visible  &quotspotlight&quot on the red orb, and the illumination was pinkish purple.  I watched these orbs turn out to the sea, and one by one they slowly shrank into pinhole size lights before they disappeared.  The orbs never appeared to bank and did not follow any common flight pattern.  I thought perhaps they were small planes, yet a small plane pasted a few minutes later- you could hear the small plane and it did not appear to shrink as the orbs did about ten m! inutes before.  Last night was extremely clear, and all the ai! rplanes in the area were flying in typical patterns, they banked out over long beach as typical and never appeared to shrink and disappear as the orbs had.  This was an unexplainable phenomenon.  I have grown up flying in small planes, including at night time, and these orbs were nothing like airplanes.  They flew low like helicopters but had no sound.  The light they emitted was so bright you could not actually see their shape.  The light that the fourth orb emitted over such a large area should presumably come from a visible spot from the craft- there was no &quotspotlight&quot.  These orbs disappeared more quickly and in such an odd fashion that it looked like an optical illusion… The pictures you have posted over the marina with the glowing orbs look like the same ones that were hovering over the Marina last night…..;33.9778999999999;-118.4525
It was about 0015 on 5/4/13.  I looked up into the sky when I got out of my car.  I saw what looked like 5 fire balls hovering in the s;2013-05-04 00:13:00;15 minutes;It was about 0015 on 5/4/13.  I looked up into the sky when I got out of my car.  I saw what looked like 5 fire balls hovering in the sky all about the same size then slowly they would disappeared like they were moving further away.  2 disappeared and then 2 more appeared from the horizon leaving a trail and  moving up towards the others and disappeared like all the others then a minute or 2 later more came one after the other until there were no more left in the sky.   They seem to make a humming sound but it's difficult to say if i imagined that or it was just the city noises.  I did remember thinking that the humming was unusual.   They were orangey-red like a big fireball but not really symmetrical (although its tough for me to say the shape really because I did not have my glasses.)   I took photos with my phone but it didn't really do what I saw justice, the photos just make it look like regular orange lights in the sky.  That’s it, that’s what I saw.  Did anyone else see this, I’d be very interested?  It was definitely not normal.   Thanks!;33.9778999999999;-118.4525
