Huge pentagon-shaped object, silver in color, 4 white lights underneath, red & orange light on either side, possible door open.;2019-05-24 21:41:00;10 minutes;Huge pentagon shaped object, silver in color, 4 white lights underneath, red & orange light on either side, possible door open. My adult-aged daughter and I were driving on I-295 North toward Yardley, PA, and shortly after passing the Scotch Road exit #65A, we started to see a really bright light in the sky ahead of us.  It caught our attention because the light was low, really bright and large, as if it were the moon however, it was too low, too bright, too cloudy and late to be the moon.  Also, it was staying fixated in one spot—it didn’t seem to move or change in size as we got closer to it.  It was also NOT an airplane because it was approaching from the opposite direction of planes seen landing in this area at Trenton-Mercer Airport.  I was able to get two images as I was driving and you are able to see an incoming airplane to the left of this other object--the airplane lights are super small in comparison to the unidentified light—and the lights of the airplane were getting bigger and clearer as we drove closer, unlike the other bright light.   As we crossed over the Scudder Falls Bridge, the lights were to the left of us and we saw the object.  It was hovering about 10-20 feet over the tree line directly over the bank of the Delaware River in Yardley, PA.  It first reminded me of a drone about the size of a house but as we got closer, we saw that it was a solid silver colored pentagon shape.  There was a small red line on one side and a small orange light on the other and then there were 3 or 4 super bright white lights under the object.  It looked like a door was open on the side and white lights were lighting the inside.  I saw steps coming down, but my daughter did not.  She saw remembers something sticking up and out of the back end that looked like tail wing.   We got off at the next exit and turned around to see it, but it was gone.;40.2427;-74.8494
