shiny silvery fast moving silent object seen in daylight;2009-05-30 18:25:00;2 minutes;shiny silvery fast moving silent object seen in daylight I live in Yardley, PA. My daughter (15 years old) and I were sitting on the deck of my condo when I noticed a very shiny silver object traveling across the sky at a fairly fast speed. We ran to the front of the house to continue to watch it. It was moving so fast I did not have time to grab a camera. The object seemed to be traveling around 20,000 feet in the air. It made no sound whatsoever. It had no noticeable wings. It seemed more roundish than disk shaped. There was no exhaust, but there seemed to be a very strange long object hanging straight down from it. Almost like the tail of a kite. The length of the tail was several times the size of the object and just hung straight down like a solid object. The tail was also very faint and hard to see in comparison to the very shiny object. This occurred on Saturday, May 30 at around 6:25 pm. It traveled the length of the sky in no more than a couple of minutes. It was heading in a southern direction from Yardley. It is a very clear day with sporadic white clouds. Toward the end of our viewing it went into a thick cloud. However, the object was so shiny with a bright silver color, that we could still it easily while it traveled through the cloud. Then it disappeared in the distance.;40.2427;-74.8494
Three pulsating objects in the sky, moving independently and joined by two more before disappearing;2012-08-09 22:00:00;4-5 minutes;Three pulsating objects in the sky, moving independently and joined by two more before disappearing At approximately 10 PM EST on Thursday, August 9, 2012 I went outside of my home located in Yardley, PA to put my dogs outside before going to bed.  I was standing on my back patio waiting on my dogs when I noticed my ears starting to ring and my left ear started to hurt. I called my dogs and when they didn’t come, I walked out towards my gazebo. I looked to the left at my two dogs that seemed to be staring up at my house.  I looked in the direction that they were looking and that is when I saw three distinct bright lights moving erratically in the sky towards the northwest. It was cloudy and I quickly looked around the sky to see nothing else – no stars – no moon – just these lights.  I couldn’t believe what I was seeing – all I knew is that I have never seen an airplane or helicopter that moved like this.  These lights were oval in shape, seemed to have form and were not transparent, smaller than a full moon but larger than a star or planet in the sky.  They w! ere changing color from blue to green to yellow to orange-red and pulsated.  The three lights were independently moving up, down, in circles, from left to right in no particular pattern and they were leaving a light trail behind them as they moved. Like they were moving so quickly I was seeing a trail not like a rocket trail or an exhaust trail from an airplane.  The best way to describe it is if you have a glow stick and are waving it around at night – you see a trail of light behind it.  When they were stationary they seemed to stay mostly a bluish color and when they moved they seemed to change colors to green, yellow and even looking almost orange-red at one point before they seemed to dim and then they were bright blue again.  I would compare their flickering and changing color to watching fireflies in the summer.  When they got dimmer they almost seemed to disappear and then re-appeared bright blue-white.  The longer I watched the more I realized I was definitely not lookin! g at an aircraft. All of the sudden the three independent lights formed a line and stopped moving. To the naked eye they seemed to be in equal spacing from each other. It was at that point that I realized my ears stopped ringing and my left ear no longer hurt. I briefly took my eyes off of the lights since my dogs finally decided to run over to me and when I looked back up the experience just got more bizarre! These three stationary lights now had balls of light dropping from them!!   Or maybe falling from them? I couldn’t tell how far they were falling because my house and a tree were blocking my view.  At this point I panicked and decided I needed to run to my front yard to get a better view and I kept watching because I didn’t want to miss anything – I just felt compelled to keep watching because I wanted to figure out what I was seeing and quite honestly watching something fall from these lights just scared me!  I had a ton of thoughts running through my head – “are these bombs? I’m not h! earing any explosions – why am I not hearing an explosion? If these aren’t bombs – what the heck are they?” As I got on the other side of my gate and latched it behind me my ears started ringing again and the balls of light dropping from the other lights had stopped. I ran and stood in my front yard now and was trying to decide if the dropping balls of light had disappeared behind other trees or just disappeared in the sky.  I certainly didn’t hear anything explode – I didn’t hear any sound just the ringing in my ears. I just couldn’t tell and I had lost sight of the objects for a few seconds while running. Then I see two more orbs of light coming from opposite ends of the sky – streaking across the sky. One from the northeast and the other from the southwest – they momentarily stopped and then darted into the line with the other three lights, lining up on either end of the other three. Now there were five bright lights in a line, in the sky and coincidence or not – they stopped moving my ears stopped ringing! They did not appear to be moving and they were staying in a line with each other all the while changing colors – blue to green to yellow, then orange-red then dim then repeating that sequence. It was then that I noticed they were not changing colors together but it did seem synchronized though. My rational mind was trying to determine if there was a pattern to the lights when they all just abruptly started moving erratically – just as the first three did and then both ears were back to ringing and my left ear seemed to be taking the brunt of it. This is when I had the first thought of “is someone else seeing this?” And then I was debating with myself that it’s only 10PM – someone else has to be seeing this! My dogs were barking as were a few other dogs I could hear besides my own. As quickly as all five objects were moving – all five stopped and darted back into a line. From five different areas in the sky and all of the sudden they are lined up again in the matter of a seco! nd or two! That kind of startled me and I’m thinking, “now what?” and a little bit of panic was setting in. I literally was waiting for all five of these objects to start dropping light balls or start changing color since that is what happened before but that didn’t happen.  Instead I see another object approaching and it was moving much slower and seemed to be a lot closer to the ground than the other objects. I’m watching this wondering if it’s going to join the other five lights or even shoot it. That was a scary thought! As quickly as I had that thought all five objects flashed brightly or got bigger (almost looking like a glowing aura) and then just went straight up in the sky and disappeared. I couldn’t tell if they disappeared in clouds or just disappeared completely.  My ears did not ring when they moved this time and I’m not sure why? The one object still was in the sky and as it got closer I could see it, hear it and identify it as an airplane. This whole experience lasted somewhere between 5-10 minutes. I wish that I could be more accurate, but honestly, I lost track of time while all of this was going on.  It’s every unsettling and has left me with more questions. I don’t know what I saw.  All that I do know is that stories like this are SO easy to dismiss until they happen to you and hopefully in my lifetime I will have the answers that I now seek.;40.2427;-74.8494
