U.S. Government tape of UFO's;1988-07-01 19:30:00;30 minutes;U.S. Government tape of UFO's A relative of mine was an engineer with top secret clearance who designed camera lenses for the government which was used on space shuttle flights and on the satellites the shuttle launches.  The lenses where powerful enough to read a license plate from the shuttle.  One evening he borrowed a tape from his job and showed my wife and myself along with his wife a satellite launching from the shuttle.  As the launching took place, we could see the earth behind the launching and between the shuttle and the earth we saw at least 3 triangular shapes which glowed brightly flying extremely fast from east to west.  These unknown crafts had a dark line from the point of the triangle to the middle and then to the other points of the triangle. The UFO's then flew north and stopped and appeared to be observing the satellite launch.  The stopped and sat in place for a couple of minutes and then sped off in formation at an extremely fast speed. A couple of weeks later I asked my relative if I could see the tape again and he stated that it was a top secret tape and was taken by the government. Several weeks after that I again asked him about the tape and he stated,  What tape?. I have mentioned this to him several times since then and he denies the tapes existence.  But my wife and I both know what he show us and what we saw. His wife stated that he got into trouble at his job for removing the tape from his job.   I am a former Police Officer and my wife is a Professional college administrator.  We are both educated, intelligent people and are not fooled or tricked by special effects used in movies. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.2427;-74.8494
A dark, triangular low flying object passed over my house in  Yardley Pa. in the summer of 1992;1992-06-01 23:30:00;10 seconds;A dark, triangular low flying object passed over my house in  Yardley Pa. in the summer of 1992 It was a clear and dark summer night in early June of 1992.  I sat at my back door which was open but screened in.  A loud, but not deafening roar came over the back yard, which extends for a couple hundred yards and is pitch black.  Then, a craft emerged into my view and must have been hoovering at a distance of about two-hundred feet above my home.  It was triangularly shaped with red circular lights that compromised the three corners of the object with a much smaller (circular) white light in the center.  This object glided my view for about 10 seconds with a relativity slow velocity.;40.2427;-74.8494
Tirangle shaped object with eratic lights over Yardley  in summer 2002;2002-07-15 11:30:00;twenty seconds;Tirangle shaped object with eratic lights over Yardley  in summer 2002 i was laying on my nehbors back porch playing guitar, when we noticed an object move over our location, slightly to the north east of out location. we stopped playing guitar and watched a listened. heard nothing. we could see a clear out-line. nothing else observed. had three lights underneith it.  cheers,  ((name deleted))  ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.2427;-74.8494
