Unusual thing in the sky, could have been a cloud but I'm not so sure about that.;2012-02-06 16:50:00;10 minutes;Unusual thing in the sky, could have been a cloud but I'm not so sure about that. I’ll start out by saying that my son and I were taking a late afternoon walk on a Dennis beach along Cape Cod Bay, on the north side of the mid-Cape area.  As we were appreciating colors of the western sky, we saw nothing unusual, and no clouds of any kind—the sky was crystal clear.  We left the beach before the sun set and soon I was on the highway heading west toward the setting sun.  As soon as I got on the highway, I noticed an unusual thing in the sky.  This was around 4:50 p.m., maybe 4:55.  It could have been a cloud, but 10 minutes before there was nothing of the sort in the sky when we were on the beach.  It was located to the left of the setting sun and a bit higher in the sky but low enough so that the trees along the side of the highway prevented me from seeing it most of the time.  But I got a good look at it on several occasions.  It was the only thing in the sky except for the sun.  It was shaped like a “V” but the arms were puffy and the “V” ! was not upright but tilted over so that the hinge of the arms was on the left side of the thing.  The puffiness of it made me wonder if it was a cloud, but there was something unusual about it.  It was about a quarter of an inch at arms length.  The color was unusual in my opinion because it was intensely white, not opaque.  I was thinking that it should be reflecting some of the golden/orange sunlight, but there was no hint of any other color other than the intense white.  This is subjective, but it seemed to be so white that I thought it was glowing of its own accord.  I lost track of it for several minutes while on the highway due to the trees and trying to drive safely.  I got off the highway and headed south toward Hyannis, trying to catch a glimpse of it but I couldn’t see it for 2 or 3 minutes.  Still heading south, I saw it again as I came to a place where the trees were thin along the right side of the road and it opened up into the flat expanse of the airport fiel! d.  This was maybe 7 minutes after I first caught sight of it.! It sti ll was “V” shaped but now the hinge was on the bottom (like a V) and the arms seemed closer together and thing seemed to have turned so that the right arm was behind the left, closing up the empty space between the arms.  The sun had set and the sky was glowing, but the “cloud” still seemed white but dimmer, not as intensely white as it had been a couple of minutes previously.  Clouds morph and this could very well have been something like that, but it was unusual, appearing rather suddenly and so intensely white.  I lost track of it as it was obscured by the buildings and trees of Hyannis.  When I was on the highway and had a good look at it, I did not get the sense that it was close by, so I think that it would have been visible over a large area.  It was to the south west, on a line with Nantucket Sound, then Martha’s Vineyard, and then the open ocean to the south of Block Island.  I don't think I can offer any more than this.  I am an avid sky watcher, and I can say that! this was unusual enough for me to provide this report.;41.7297;-70.1996
