Gray, faceted craft seen moving south over Route 6 in broad daylight.;2002-09-12 14:15:00;5-10 seconds;Gray, faceted craft seen moving south over Route 6 in broad daylight. I'm a student at the local community college, and during my drive home one afternoon, two things struck me as odd, one being a black helicopter that flew over my campus at or near 14:00pm, and the other being the fact that either a second, or the same helicopter was hovering approximate 100 to 200 feet above tree level between 5 and 10 miles away from the campus 10 minutes down Route 6.  I spotted the helicopter before I reached exits 9A and 9B, and found it to be hovering between exits 9A and 10.  I believe the town would have been Dennis, or extreme western Brewster near Underpass road.  For at least 5 minutes I could make out the helicopter hovering perfectly still in this same spot at this same altitude, and this seemed strange to me in broad daylight with little apparent reason for its presence.  However, not far down the road, perhaps just before Exit 10, on the horizon, (I was headed East on Route 6 during this whole event) I saw an oddly shaped craft that I first assumed was a fighter jet.  This wouldn't be out of the question given that one of the largest Air Force bases in the Northeast is on Cape Cod.  However, the lack of any sound, the velocity, and size of the craft did not match up for what would be a fighter plane, and since there was no airport in the immediate vicinity, its altitude seemingly ruled out the possibility that it was a plane at all.  I immediately thought back to the helicopter, and wondered if perhaps it had been observing the same thing I did because it seemed to be in an awful hurry when I first saw it in Barnstable (the town, not the county) and it was headed in the exact direct (or very near to) the spot where I saw it.  This lead me to believe that it wasn't a plane at all, and that, even if I sounded completely crazy, I should tell someone what I saw in hopes of finding some simple explaination.  I've not contacted any authorities on the subject because I feel as though security may be so tight that no information may be had on the matter at all given the proximity! to the anniversary of 9/11.  The object I saw was moving south slowly at what must not have been much more than 300 to 500 feet above the ground, perhaps even less. It appeared to be metallic, but did not shine, which as I think about it, is rather odd given the lighting conditions (the sun was behind me shining directly on the object I witnessed)  It was a matte gray color, much like the paint job on a fighter jet (hence my original confusion) and did not have a memorable shape or profile other than being long and giving the impression that it had facets, or was possibly even a delta wing of some sort like the F-117, however this aircraft is not gray, so I knew it could not have been what I saw.  It also was not a blimp, because it was too small and moved to fast, besides being the entirely incorrect shape, and was not single-engine plane of any sort, as it was too large, and did not have any of the recognizable features that a plane of this type would possess.  Any information on this would settle my mind a great deal.;41.7297;-70.1996
