A ufo crashes into lake.;1971-04-14 20:00:00;10 seconds;A ufo crashes into lake. 2 boys witnessed a craft crash into scargo lake while waiting for the bus.A diving crew has been sent but only part of the lake was searched no moter boats are allowed so no sonar has been used yet this was reported in the cape cod times too. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous.  Date may be approximate.  We would like to have a copy of the cited article, but we have no means for contacting the witness.  PD));41.7297;-70.1996
three objects hover in the sky for two hours above cape cod.;2007-03-18 23:30:00;2 hours;three objects hover in the sky for two hours above cape cod. I am a registered nurse on cape cod. I had just completed a 3-11 shift in Chatham and headed due west on the backroads back to my home in Dennis. As I left work at 1115, I spotted an unusual object upon turning westward and kept my eye on it all the way back to Dennis and never lost sight of it. I stopped to pick up my son at his girlfriends house at about 11:30 and drove to a nearby parking lot with him to show him the oddity in the sky. It was the new moon and the sky was very clear with bright stars everywhere. I pointed to the object I had been witnessing for about twenty minutes. My son looked up and his mouth feel open! He said Holy **** mom, what IS that? I told him his guess was as good as mine. We decided to drive to a local historic tourist attraction located on one of the geographically highest topographies in the area. As luck would have it, the vantage point at this tower is due west and many locals and tourists alike enjoy watching the sunset from there. There, right in front of us, was the object we had seen. Within minutes we saw two similar objects were present as well. They formed a triangle. The one closest to us,which I estimated to be between ten and twelve miles away but may have been closer, was also in the closest proximity to the Earths surface. The one to the right, about twice that distance away as it was also further from the Earths surface, seemed to be more 'orb' shaped and frequently glowed in a fiery white to gold to orange. The furthest away was located at the apex of the triangle and appeared to be lit brightly on the top, but there were no clouds in the sky to reflect this off of, this object appeared to be about two to four miles in the air, but that was difficult for me to gage. All three of them just hovered although sometimes the lower two seemed to move up and down slightly and all three of them maintained their basic vicinity, they also did small concentric circles perpendicular to the surface of the Earth. All three of the objects flashed lights along their perimeters. Sometimes they flashed synchronicitously, sometimes seperately, with colors flashing white, yellow, red and green. At this point, I called a friend of mine in Arizona to deatil tthe phenomena I was witnessing and we spoke through approximately forty five minutes of it. At one point my son and I noted the closest object with its changing colored lights move closer to us and we held our breath not knowing what would occur next! My son called a friend of his who showed up with some friends. They also witnessed what we were watching. I called my ex spouse to see if he would come up with his video camera but he couldn't. He attempted to see it from his house but could not. He said the stars were very bright but that his vision was hampered by a wooded area to the west. Small flashes seemed to emit from the lower two sporadically. The flashes shot from the bottoms of the objects, but not directly from the center. They were lit trails that disappeared from view after a second or two. After about two hours, the objects departed, one by one. The first to leave was the closest to us. it headed westward silently with its lights changing colors and all remaining lit. It moved quickly and i watched it disappear over the horizon. The object to the right glowed and moved westward also. The object at the apex seemed to drop a long way then move staight up and then westward as well. I drove home and emailed seeral friends about the incident.;41.7297;-70.1996
